
the Last      
Satanist
A novel.











Dedicated to a silent programmer, Kelvin Simon.
 








To understand humor is one thing. Understanding fantasy?
                   William Golding, author of Lord of Flies








All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University
Press, or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate reprographics rights
organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction outside the scope of the above should be sent to the
Rights Department, Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available






"It's fan-artistic. He can intentionally bilindfold the reader push him into a pit, then focus his attention on the reader's vision. It's fantastic!"
                                                  Wattpad reviewer
"What sets The Last Satanist from other books is that you get a feeling of being in the novel rather than skipping to finish the book. I was fascinated to be served more great soup as I neared the end. 
So it's a yes for someone who wants a boast for adrenaline rush!"
Jefferson Camil,
                    
Amazon five star reviewer 



"To be honest, I don't usually do reviews. Most authors write crap, get reviews and sell something utterly rubbish to the reader. However after enjoying myself for three good days, I decided I sure had to give a big thumbs up to Kevin's book. I don't know but it worked for me!" 
                                      Meager Lambson,
    Amazon five star review.



"It's like making a tasty wine. Always good to the end. Always!" 
                     Di Israel Von Heunn,
Booksboon.com reviewer

"It's great!" 
      Thomas Bill,  bestselling author , Harm not thy Lamb.







Dedicated to you, who makes every effort count!





Thanks to all the book reviewers at Amazon, you are awesome.


















For nothing is hidden, except to be made manifest; nor is anything secret except to come to light.
                                                                         Jesus.




 



      PREVIEW
The target was a fat man, caressed in office wear, a tie beckoning his huge body.
But the sniper riffle was directed at the man opposite this fat man. Then it moved further ahead, two head shots in range.
As he switched off his phone, everything was back to normal. He would kill the Asian, as duty assigned.




SOMEWHERE IN A MIDDLE HOUSE
****
She was too small a girl to survive the amok survival that even the nursing maid at the old school, promised them literally nothing more than a weak smile, an act very intuitive so to say.
"Small eats big." replied Mrs. David rudely in her usual devastating tone.
There was nothing to hide from this. She wanted another child, and it had to be today. 
"Aren't there any kids? I don't mean to be rude, nurse, but you know my husband and I aren't so wealthy as you may imagine. We're looking for something..."
"Manageable?" replied the nurse, once more having the PR smile wide on her pink face. 
"Alright then, I'll take that for a 'Yes'."
"This way, please."  
No one is going to take her after all. Poor child, God knows someone needs to take her. This thought had haunted the nurse ever since she had set eyes on the girl.
Beaming with spirit, vigorant and loveable, the child was seemingly unlikeable. A strong debate had taken place the day before, and with the heat of things, no one was willing to give a penny to the newest members of the home.
"It wasn't a home as that. I remember being here the very day it was completed. It was a joy to watch these lost souls inside somewhere." She stopped by a small wooden door, labelled Principal. 
Mrs. David stood attentively. 
Her eyes the silent dingle, uncherished and taunted by love, only a mercy to love that which she thought to be hers.
The thought of having three kids in a foster home would have haunted her for the rest of her life. The very circumstance had been clumsy.
Long before she was past eleven, she'd remember the adoption of Roger, Julius and Stephen. 
From then on, even the angels knew her silent moaning every day. 

"Oh, Mrs. David. Please have a seat." offered the principal. He was tall, way past sixty and the deep blue eyes of his were soul searching.
"Call me Gabriel."
"Well, Mrs. Gabriel, how are you?"
"I'm fine sir." She extended her arm, a masculine touch beckoning the soft gloves. 
Holy crap. I hate this feeling.
"Oh, well, I'd want to know the name of the child you're taking. Did the nurse show you around?"
"Of course. Yes. But I was requesting if there was another child I could look upon."
"You're adopting two then." A huge smile crossed his face. This lady was really the solution he was looking for.
"Actually, yes."
"Are you sure about that? I don't mean to be offensive, but I'm just exci..."
"Don't worry, principal. I've got this." 


FROM A DIARY: 

DAY ONE

My mom was the kind of woman you'd never want to meet in your life. I say that in the spirit of love. And trust me, I know what I'm talking about.
By the time I was five years old, my grand mother died. She was so sweet but I never miss her that much. 
If you ask me, I would tell you that by then, I was too young to understand. I never understood most of the issues and stuff around me.
My dad was a banker in a big bank, or so I was told. The author of the story, which sadly happened to be my old sister Liz, also told me that my mom worked for my dad.
Pretty weird I guess. But not so weird if your sister tells you that story. And right after when you parents go away.
Little did she know, that our parents were both secret agents.
You heard that right! Secret agents.
I've tried many times telling people about this. But unfortunately, people are just people.
They are regular guys who hate being convenienced. And I don't blame people, just like I don't blame myself for being an agent's son.
So, how did I find all this out? Where is the proof that this is true?
Let's start with the obvious question: Am I kidding anyone?
No. Probably not. I know it is so. I've seen how secret agent kids are treated.
They don't get out too often. They are protected 24/7 in the name of confidential purposes.
They go to private schools and are told to act normal as if they knew nothing about their parents.
And lastly, most of these stories are always said to be adopt-related.
I don't know if the adoption documents are really true. What happened to my original parents?
Were they afraid to be 'haunted' by young souls- in the name of homework and stuff? But speaking of homework, it had been three years since I started schooling.
But the story goes, that they went on some sort of 'vacation' in Iceland. I stopped receiving mails from mum after I got adopted and there was literally no one to help me out.
For the record, I've never missed my parents that much. Their memories are slowly fading. 
Did my parents adopt me as Liz said or did they take a vacation? 
Mike says I'm crazy. He thinks the opium (I accidentally) took last summer is the most probable cause.
Liz says I lack the guts to expose them. At least she believes me. Then there's Matt. 
One thing I like about him is he's smart. Like really super smart. When I told him all this, it appeared more fun to him than it would appear to the normal kid.
Does that make him smart or dumb? I don't know. 
    Anyway, this is the fun side of this discovery. I love my parents. I know they're gone to a vacation or may be the government changed their identities. I'm not sure. That's secret agent's work.
The fun side is the unlimited access to everything. Yes, everything. 

Isn't it cool? To be everywhere. Know everything. Spy everyone at their own expense, without even knowing who did it!
Get this right. I'm not using this against anyone. I'm repaying the government for what they did to my parents.
Sounds like work but I'll give it a try. I'll see to it, that every fool who caused my parents' death will pay for it. And I'm not doing pranks here. I'm doing the real thing.
And the real thing is a crisis, boy.
Call me, the Omega.



FROM THE DIARY: 

DAY TWO
A couple of times, there's this insidous lust whenever I look at her. From grade one, I just felt it instinctively, I felt it inwardly, deeply, that she was mine.
In Grade one, there was a time when I even skipped Maths class, to go peek at her drawings in the library.
Science classes were becoming more boring in each session. The teachers kept repeating the same things over and over again.
My sneek outs were never trailed.
I remember one time, however, there was this heavily built new teacher who found me in my trails. 
My parents, good for me, were on their usual businesses. Calling home, it was Katrina, the house keeper, who picked up.
The issue dropped with a few severe warnings, something I didn't recognise as punishment.
We parted ways in high school. She went to Galaxy International School, some few miles away from where I was studying.
I don't know why mom refused the idea of me going to that school. I cried. I refused to eat.
Nothing worked. In fact, she seemed happier whenever, I tried a new trick.
Dad the same thing. He said I wasn't good enough. No. He didn't say that. But he brought it in this way.
"Listen up boy. These guys will bully you. They're sons of big people. We are small people."
First term at Christian High School, I won't forget, was when I got the last position. I say got, because I really earned it. 
It's not very easy to be the last. There were some three kids who were on my bumper. One had fourteen F's. The two had twelve of them, each.
I had to just write my name to get all the fifteen F's on the report card. You may scorn me but it was a bitter ploy.
The Academic mistress, Madam Hilda, had to call home.
Bad for me that time, Dad was around. Oh boy, someone had to pay after all.
I got hold of myself and graduated from high school and set my own way.
By my own way, I mean this. I dragged all the pictures I had of her into the trash can. I blocked her on every account.
Literally, I was looking for a break up from her. An imaginary her, that is.
Consider this. You love someone who gives not just nothing but negative zero about you. Hurts a lot, I'd tell you.
But how can I even blame her? She may not even have noticed me.
First of all, I wasn't popular at school. The only thing I was deep into was the slimy books. No nerd here.
Just a regular kid, with uncombed hair three months straight. Just going through school like every regular kid does.
 Basically the lunch at high school was awesome. And not just lunch. We had the gym classes. Yoga. 
Not a perv, but I liked peeking at the girls' bottoms during those Yoga classes. Call it Yoga....Yoda....Yoaha.
My parents then onc again set off for their usual 'vacation' after that, leaving once again, Mrs. Katrina under our watch.

I didn't make a name for myself as such, and I don't think it lame. One useful trick I learnt is to keep everything to yourself. 
Then, comrades, everything changed when I met the underground tunnel. That was when my destiny had arrived.
All along, my destiny was in that box.



FROM THE DIARY:

DAY THREE
I am in my room right now. Don't ask what I'm doing.
I'm reading. I hate this chapter. God knows I hate this chapter.
"You've been reading all day. Go outside and play a bit."
"I'm not a kid anymore." I wanted to say, but let's keep it in the closet.
"Are you even listening to me?"
"I'm reading. It's a book. That's why they call it reading. Because, guess what, one is reading a book."
I laugh at my joke. It makes me happy, to fight back at her insane parental traits. 
She's acting mom and dad whenever I'm around. It's not that I'm a kid anymore. 
I'm old. That's right. 
I'm fifteen. That makes me old enough to know when to go stop reading and go out to play.
She seems to read my mind. As she starts for the door, I notice she's grown thin. And also, her breasts are growing big.
Damn the thought. She's my sister.
 As I hurriedly look through the last sentence of the last paragaph, I realise the science project papers I had last night weren't finished.
Some help.
The last time I remember ever calling Mike to help me out was some few days ago. Probably Monday so to say. Calling him again would be a disaster.
"Listen Mike, I really need your help. Remember the research work?"
"Hmm." That's not the voice I was expecting.
"Man, I'm stuck. The remaining diagrams are crude. Right from imagination."
"Come home. I too am not yet done with the terms. Hey, did you get the number I told you to get last night?"
"No. Listen, man. Liz was on my toes all night. I couldn't sneek out."
"It's fine. Be around in twenty minutes and don't forget the cake."
The cake? Hmm. That's really got to be big.
The funny thing about my bedroom is it's very normal. The sad thing about it is I'm very abnormal. 
Look, I don't remember where I put the left shoe. Either Liz or Mrs. Katrina has a hand on it .
The stair case hasn't yet been mopped. By the judge of things Mrs. Katrina hasn't yet arrived. Very cue. It's almost past eleven thirty.
I think Liz must be in her bedroom. I wonder what makes her be with all the cool stuff and all I ever have is a sick library.
She's the iPhone girl, iMac slay queen. The cool gadgets. Heck.
"Liz, open the door."
"What?"
"Liz, I said open the door." I want to scare her out. This is the time when Mr. Atlanta the mail man comes.
"I'm coming." 
"Hurry up, or I'll roast you alive. I want no time wasted on my hands. Now do hurry."
  * * *
Already in for a shower. Girls! God bless my heart. I can't do a morning shower.
"You crazy punk. You got me devasted." What's with the smile, I wonder! Allan must've called her out tonight. 
"Tell me you didn't hide my research papers, did you?"
She bit her lip and scrubbed her hair.
"Not this time. Liz. Liz."
Too late, she was already hugging me tightly. A forced hug.
"I love you Steve."
"Liz, I'm not playing with you this time. Stop hugg...God I'm choking."
"Haha, let me kill the hell out of you. I'm gonna hug you till you die, you dirty fish."
Then she left me. Dripping in water.
"I told you, a morning bath was awaiting."

The door bell clicked.
"I'm taking that."
"Oh. no, let me."
I hurried after her in a death match for the door.
And.
"Mike?"
I knew it was Mike. Who else would it be?
"Gotcha Liz! Haha!" I laughed, the situation becoming the stranger for Mike.
* * *
"Dude, you were fighting your sister?"
"Nah! Do I look like a sister fighter to you?"
I had to beat the demon out of him. It was his most unfamous lame joke whenever he found Liz in her towel.
I now say he's got to pay too. Just like the government...
"Hey, I've brought some chips. Hope you like them."
* * *
I hear the door locking. 
Who's gonna find my shoe? Damn it. Mike's come.
"You two behave yourself. I'm gonna be back at eight. And hey, Steve."
"Liz, I'll behave. I promise." Not a kid remember.
"Not that. Tell miss Katrina to buy some milk for the kitten."
"I'll buy it."
"Steve, when I say I want you to tell..."
"Ok, ok. I got it. I'll tell her. Buy me some ice cream when you come."
"Not what I thought you'd like. Why not try some chocolate?"
"Ok, the brown one, and don't tell me you forgot." I shouted as she passed through the back door.

The memory of someone coming one evening. His dirty overcoat revealing a dusty moustache- a bizarre government official to announce anything sensible.
"Hey, are you Steve and Elizabeth?"
"Yes."
"Ok, madam Katrina will look over you. Your parents got a little problem."
And yes, she'd looked after us. For now three months, our inquiries only lengthened. He left his number.
Gradually, over the next three to four days, he blocked our calls, complaining of his busy office.



FROM THE DIARY

DAY FOUR

"Invite the kids. It's gonna be fun. Tell them to come."
"Ok. But first let's have this stuff done."
"The what?"
It's this time I remember Liz had just moved out.
"Do you know she just moved out? Like minus my shoe and stuff!"
I hate moving running after someone who's made me forget something important. It makes me feel dumb.
"Liz hid my shoe. I think she must've been playing tricks with me."
Mike looks at me squarely. I hate that look.
"What?"
"Nothing."
"Mike, I can see you've got something."
"Ok. It's just an idea."
"I'm listening." I pick a handful of the chips he brought. They're tasty as hell.
"What if we snick into Liz's room and get the laptop? You know and google the stuff out."
Really.
"Wait, I got it. You know Mike." I flare in despair, " You're a smart kick boy, I tell you." 
We sneek downstairs.
"Ok, look. Here's the idea. We've got to do it before time..."
The bell rings. 
Did Liz forget something?
"Oh Mrs. Katrina! Welcome." The kitten playfully awakes from its slumber running past my legs. Mrs. Katrina is all the more surprised as I open the door. 
It's a pity the door bell is louder than before. That dirty electrician must've messed up with the wires. Again.
Someone out to sue General-Electrics.
"I'm sorry I'm late. I've been off in West Coast buying some clothes." 
"It's nothing Mrs. Katrina. Really, nothing to worry about!" the sight of the mail man running from behind the dog's kernel catching my attention.
"Hey, Mr. Atlanta, the dog is out. Don't..." It was already too late. 
He must have been puzzled by my shouting for he turned briskly. I saw his rear as he climbed onto his bike, throwing the mails just behind me.

Mrs. Katrina laughed. Mike joined in. Before long, we were all in a laughing feat.
"Ok, you boys go do your stuff, as I prepare some breakfast, sounds good?!"
"Ok," I handed Mike half the carrot I stole from the grocery, "Mrs. Katrina, the kitten is out of milk."

           ***
Later in the evening, the research paper answers were  almost done. I could see joy in Mike's eyes, the only time I had to think about them.
"Hey, how about the Bael?"
"Bael?"
"Yea, the game introduced in the oldies with the red bips whenever you tried to steal a car from a villain?" 
The good thing about this game's software was its flexibility. Mike had the old version of the game, yet it was viably compartible with the new version.
My PS 4 was beaming with age. It was bought when I was in fourth grade and much of the games I got were either borrowed from the old merchandise store just next to our school, or bought from Arkansas.
"Ha," Mike chirped, "We should try re-programming the software. I think those lads have a way of making the machines be flexible."
"But I wonder why you'd introduce a new version of something that was compatible with almost everything?"
"Not everything, if you're to consider the damage of the arcade modes especially when a villain starts shooting at you. And perhaps they want to make money you know." Mike seemed more interested in the money factor.
It was so odd to keep on running new versions of a game that looked less or more like the old versions.

"Ok, here's the deal." I finally made my mind up. The new gaming software was too old and it needed farther improvements. "What if we make our own game?"
Mike looked at me. For a second, I thought he'd frozen.
"Make what?"
"A game Mike. Some kind of hyperrealisitic game with new intergrated modules, cool user interfaces, and above all, the greatest arcade mode."
The idea seemed far fetched but I wanted to give it a try. Recently I had found the new Linux Pro, a programming language, appealing.
Much of the computer programming lessons at school included much of the C++, Html and other sophiscated languages.
When I learnt through Rogers, a good family friend, that Linux Pro was more of Graphical User interface based, I had to try it out.
It was a new beginning for technophobic lad.
Mike wasn't much into business but he was the best programmer I could ever lay my hands upon.
The other few programmers I could rely on were Jim, his brother John and ultimately, Kim.
"Well, why don't we first look through the data manuscripts. See if there's anybody who's tried out this idea?"
Yunks! This was going to be one hell of a business partnership.

   
 


Chapter 2
The graceful of light
Before the last riot had stumped out, Trinity College was the most developed college in Maryland. Perhaps its legacy was derived from the many surgeons it nursed. Inclusive were also clerks, junitors, doctors and other respectable gentlemen and civil servants.
The Northern campus was termed nerdy. With tall trees gracing its compounds and the smell of chemicals just after the school gates, it really deserved the name.
My sister Liz, had studied here for her Genetical researches although she later dropped out, majoring in Human Physiology and Anatomy.
Before the end of her first semester, I was already much bored by the studies. The many books on her circular, long hours of study. 
The books were thirteen in number and to the outmost, three additional Biology text books, making it five more books compared to other courses.
She'd been on the school campus for too long for I finished my high school, and was grasping a year's holiday.
 Her time as a Genetical student was the most remarkable.
During most vacations, she'd come home with all pairs of frogs and toads. Green ones. Yellow headed, with a fine touch of red noses.
"Genetics." She would reply, when I asked her the cause of the variations.
In those days, she was basically a loner, keeping her research and everything more to herself.
A trait, I think, got from dad although the many video tapes I now have of him display an unusual playfulness and meekness in those deep blue eyes.
I must have inherited much of my mother's flexibility of thought. Liz says I also have much of my grandfather's jolly attitude, and stubborn character.
    ***
As our plan to confront the gaming industry was drawing to a close, I knew it would be much of a hoax, considering our inexperience.
I asked Liz, if she remembered any science geek or whiz kid from Trinity. Adults were of no use to us. Partly due to previous bullying experiences we both shared, and we never wanted a pay roll to be on our necks.
"Not any I can think of!" She said. Gilbert would've been the first person to contact as for his geekness.
As I checked the calendar, the thought occured all of a sudden. I called Mike.
"Hey. Do you think the garage in my apartment could work? I think I've an idea."
"Look, Steve. We've got less than one month to complete this stuff. I've got only one option either..."
"Are you in or out?" I asked, the calendar thought driving my adrenaline levels crazy.
"I would but..."
"One last time. Are you in or out?"

      ***
By the time we met Gilbert, I was pretty tired. Liz was leaving in a few days' time for her Anatomy studies. This time she was going to Russia. 
Mrs. Katrina also murmured plans of going to her sister's place, in West Coast. By the view of things, there was only one way I was to leave Midland.
It was a sneeky way, but I had to give it a try.
"What's the rumbling about?" Gilbert was fatter than last time I'd seen him. Was he a geek anymore? I wondered.
"We may need your help." I started. Mike was packing the last of the green frogs by Gilbert's pond.
"On what exaclty?"
I scratched my head. There was no better way to bring this up. I'd organised this speech.
"We're making a game." Mike said. His left eye twitching at me.
It was a long time before he regained composure. 
"What kind of game?"
I explained its structure, configuration units, its set up, coding languages.
Mike explained the layman terms.
"You know it's illegal right?"
"But it's not like we've stolen a government database. Perhaps,  Lipgames is going out of business very soon."
"I don't see where my help comes in?" He said. From the look on his face, I knew he was more comfortable being at home.
Indeed, his parents were gone too. He lived with his uncle, but from the look of things, he too wasn't the around.
"Your part," Mike put in, "Is doing the coding faster."
Gilbert grinned and said, "I'll consider it sometime."
And with that, we departed in dismay.

   ***
"Liz, have you got Uncle Bernard's number?"
"Nah. My phone got snatched. Perhaps, what do you even need him for? The guy rarely answers any phone calls, leave alone from a teenager."
"I just need his phone number."
"Alright. Let's make a deal. You help me pack up my clothes, and I'll go search from the other old man."
"I'll go find him myself then." I said, hurrying after the door.
"Steve, wait." 
The package she was holding! What was in there?
"Take the keys." She said, throwing them at me.
"I've got no license."
"Two miles isn't walkable."
 
Two hours later, I had reached the old man's house. He was called Gabriel, although Mrs. Katrina usually called her the old man. A name we picked from our childhood.
I parked the Toyota pick up, old as it was, with a rusty bonnet, outside the gate.
"Bring it in." A voice shouted behind the cottage.
"Don't bother sir, it'll be safe."
A warm breeze circulated when he came within view. He seemed not to remember me, for he stopped in his tracks, examining my face, like a golden antique.
"Who are you, I wonder?" he said.


    ***
Two miles away, I knew someone was doing something. Whatever it was, this secluded feeling of inactiveness overwhelmed me.
As he kept on talking, the silence in my thoughts was only discarded. I thought about everything.
"But you still want the contact, don't you?"
"Yea, it's right!"
"Then try going to Mrs. Bennett. She's an hour's drive from here."
***
A few minutes later, I looked from the address and realised why I was lacking in strength. The house designated was just opposite Midland Central Station.
The house looked older than Gabriel chose to admit.
A bar laced across the dirty street with stringy umbrellas adorning the spacious yards. Inside what appeared to be a veranda, the old lady was knitting, and she looked up sparingly.
Once more, the thought was resonating. Did the farm yard back there belong to this lady? I had heard many stories of animals being mutilated in this region.
More stranger still were the animal ban law which was strictly against the rearing of animals inside one's place, for fear of burglars mutilating the house members themselves.
"Mrs. Bennet, I'm Stephen Micer." I extended an arm, gazing lustily at the odacious land this place had.

As I explained the reason for my visit, she aroused interest on the subject of Gabriel. It was a pity they'd to be so seperated.
As I later came to learn, she was Gabriel's step sister. Nothing of interest to a stranger like me, numbing at an hour's drive perhaps three, to my household.
"When did you meet him?"
"Ah, today. Actually I'm just from his place."
The sweater, crimsoned with rainbow colors, was knitted perfectly. She smiled longingly as she held it chestwards, examining it that I got malicious of her skill.
A minute or two later, a gentleman in his thirties came in. He was fat, three to four feet tall, in a blue overall, and a strapped cow boy hat.
He looked more friendlier by his cunning smile, much to the effect of squeezing his muscular vessels as he extended an arm.
"Martin. Good to see you."
The old lady strapped her way across the damped floor, cursing all the way in. Her nimble joints aching as Martin aided her inside.
I was left to myself, observing and taking in everything. I was but afraid of the license laws of this station.
Previously, four teens were arrested just on their way home. The same week I found out that a tourist van was hijacked.
Theft and severe arrests seemed to go hand in hand. Yet, if I got caught over a driver's license, it sure had to be pretty bad for me. Stranded in such a high crime-rated state. Much worse than Martin's hometown. 
"Bennett says you ought to come inside. Anything I can get you in the mean time."
"I'm sorry, Martin, but I'm in a hurry right now. I've got a friend waiting for me on the city outskirts, and my mother isn't aware of where I am right now?"
I tried to sound worried, anxious that any signs of unseriousness would give me out.
"I see." He sounded more intuitive, his voice suddenly meditative, "Keep right here. I'll go talk to her alright."
"Thanks so much. Please remind her the number is for a man called Bernard."
"Bernard?" he sounded worried, casual or both, I couldn't tell, his back greeting my eyes as he hurried inside.

***
Mike called.
"Man, I'm just a bit stranded right now. I'll be there in the next..."
"Hurry up! Gilbert is in, only if he knows where to find the infantry. Yea, the basic coding plans."
"He's really in! I thought he wasn't ready yet?" 
It was a win win situation. No need for the telephone number after all.


FROM THE DIARY

 DAY FIVE

How I got caught was nothing more than a close shave. Much of the story basks itself in the reality. He was close to me. A hair's breadth close.
"Pull over." The tone was definitely cold. If I could outrace this police car, God knew I would survive.
If only...
"Pull over, I repeat."
What was with the pull over, that got me thinking. It set abraze all my nerves. For once, I thought I was about to suffocate on fear.
Without a seconds' thought, I halted the car with all might. It's noisy structure boardered across the  road, swallowing sirens behind.
A hell die swarn.
Stupid. Randomly stupid. This was really stupid.
Who thought it otherwise? 
Ahead, a crossroads awashed. In the rear mirror, the idiot chased in close rapport. No sign of backing down.
This was homicide in itself, if I got caught. Luckily, I had a few meter's advantage over him.

Thirteen minutes before, the old lady had called me. She said the new documents she received from the Yorkshire phonebook indicated no resident by the name of Bernard. 
In effect, she might have been right. The reports received were far outdated, and if by 'new' she'd meant 'updated', then the problem was grammar.
Miles away from Arkansas, the usual mail couldn't accomodate all places in securing such data.
"I'll be going!" I said, sounding both relieved and angry.
"You may stay if you wish. Curfew is increasingly high, I don't think you'll make it past the old brewery."
Nah, I'll pass. I've got some few hours to go.  I wanted to say, but the casual look on Martin's face sent me right into the car. No afterthought, that it was all a bait.
As the car skidded via the road, the cars went rolling. The brakes went amok, the fluids all of a sudden draining of life.
I steered into the woods.
An accident. Fat and huge.

***
Images blurred with green and blue, skipped through, dancing menacingly across my eyes. I had a faint sensation in my eyes. Something was certainly amiss.
Mumbling voices. Harsh sounds. 
I collapsed again into blackness, devoid of consciousness.

When I awoke at last, I was greeted by a tall gentleman in a white lab coat. His deep voice stretched the air above me, his lips seemed to be making out a sound.
Then it grew louder.
"Do you feel light?" the voice seemed to say. He again departed when I shook my head, leaving me to my empty thoughts. 
I couldn't remember anything at all. Some medical amnesia, as one of the nurses told me.
"How long have I been here?" the sound of my pale voice shook me, it hurt my throat whenever the voice came out.
She looked over some notebook before doing some calculations.
"You were brought here on Sunday. That makes it three days!"
"Three days! What happened in all the time? Where is my sister? 
"Relax. We're here to do all that we can..."
"I can't relax." the bed sheets surged, drawing me back.
Abruptly, the door lock clicked, and a tall man entered. He was wearing black sun glasses, in a general black suit, and black shoes.
My vision grew blurry again. I could only make out his bald head.
"Mrs. Carson, may I have a word with the patient?" he said, in a gentlemanly way. His voice sounded as though trained for such moments as these.
The nurse looked at me. I could see mercy in her brown eyes. She rubbed her palm across her face before exiting.
The man, whoever he was, came closer to my bed stand, gently removing his suit, unbuttoning his shirt in the same way.
He moved slowly across the room, examining the machines and everything, from my shuffled hair to my knee injuries.
Slowly, he then stood next to me, his breath just above my nose.
"Listen. I come from a department unknown to man." He said in an unwavering way, his words seemed not wasted, "Tell me where you got the chip?"
"Chip?" I looked in his eyes. There was no hint of joke inside. Only signs of erupting anger.
What chip? Was I hallucinating? Trippin' or something?
He did not answer. He only looked from his watch. After a few moments, he came back to where he stood lately.
"I ask, where is the damn chip?" He clenched his fist as he uttered every word. 
Cold blood was understable. Even hallucinating made sense. But the way he spat on me, ineptly blacked me out once again.
My body convulsed uncontrollably, the only sight I ever saw was the nurse rushing in with the doctor. The man going out simultaneously.







 THE PAST

         U- 99
Two centuries ago, it was said three men changed the world. Their names are not known but they changed the way everything works.
But we all now know their names. We're all very sure of their identities and the fact that they were all but fiction.
The truth be said, Professor Wang looked more appeased to see his life changed at the present. The flower experiment and research he had conducted for close to five years were now beaming with success.
He was at last expecting his name in the Runners-up of the years Science Academy Nominees (SAN). For all these years, he'd interpreted the drama behind clinical research on Uliptus, an infamous virus of his day.
Not that the trophy mattered that much, but adding his name to the three world changers was equally divine.
As he looked at the street below his apartment, he realised it was time the world came to learn of the truth.
His only prayer was the committee receiving his research papers with zeal. It was emminently expected of such an old body of scientists to  kill new ideas, at times executing their holder.
It was with a new enthusiasm that got him to start the news article dedicated to his research.
If the old man refuses, then try the young ones.
In the midst of his research, the virus was now wiping mankind from the earth's surface. If the exposure to atomic radiations had been the cause as many viral reports had indicated, signs of genetic mutations would've been incurred.
But dozens of million cases comprised of the same signs and symptoms, before the victim dropped dead.
A severe cold that lasts for close to twelve hours, then a miagre headache, with nose bleeding and violent puking on sight of food and its smell.
The victim then suffocates to death as the oxygen levels deflate rapidly.
Virus researcher and expert Dr. John Michigan renamed it, the deadliest virus known in human history.
Capable of genetically attaching itself outside premises of the victim, many studies showed how mosquitoes could virally spread the virus, something contrary to the popular belief.
Did the virus learn to adapt?
As some called it this or that, many continually subscribed to the theory that the government was behind it all.
How then could the top scientists mislead the population on such a miagre virus?
But miagre was an understatement. It indicated a false opinion that no one was harmed. That everything was safe and sound.
Close to three million people were already dead. Thirteen thousand victims were just recovering. Over sixteen million by current estimates had the virus.
Humming over the Northern sky, the helicopter for the Xie Shung News Department was visible, its strong radars sending air shockwaves.
Professor Wang hugged himself. The moment was here. He had to use it now or never.
***
"It's Reagan, who I'm I talking to?" his voice rushed into the phone. Literally tired of business calls, this was the most devastating of them all.
He had been called close to three times this evening on the same issue. He'd grown to the point of exhaustion, but like many political reference men he knew the call would require his presence.
He set off for New York's Avenue for a quick breakfast, before hooking into a limousine for Washington D.C offices.
He walked expectantly, his eyes on the look out for the target. A frenzy of maddened demonstrations were lit across the gates.
Hundreds of people gathered outside. To the best of his knowledge, Bob knew what would happen inside these walls if this kept ongoing.
"I'm on site." he shouted, covering his earpiece to send communication.
"0800 hours. Dove comes!" the voice on the other side screeched, before static evaded the earpiece. Again.
Bob set his alarm clock ticking, smiling at the dove in the picture.
***
"Professor, when is this vaccine on market? The population death rates in America are rapidly increasing." The news anchor talked increasingly loud, her words swallowed in the juvenile sounds of the running motors.
"Come inside," the Professor offered. He had always wondered how he would reach out for guests in his tiny apartment.
The housing estates clearly thought of no such plans as guests. Even the fans ashamed him. 
"If I only get enough money..." he'd promised himself. 
His relief was granted when she declined, insisting rather that Wang come over to Washington for the press conference.
"I've plans at home. I won't interject your plans, but I'm awaiting my report's approval by the committee." The very words chocked him. If the crack-heads declined his research papers, all his five years would be wasted. 
Gone. 
It was a mystery whether it wasn't already the case, for the continued delay was a sign of their disapproval, a deliberate ploy to raise the researcher's adrenaline.
"Alright then," the News Anchor said, her tone disappointed, "We'll be in touch!" 
She then clicked her headsets, before returning to the helicopter, her gay composure thickening at the Professor's words.
She only attacked her opinions secretively, keeping her face tight and smooth. 
"Hold on," she heard a voice behind her, "What's your name?"
"Yung Miko."
"Well, I was thinking it over, and I thought maybe a bit of publicity may make my work to be," the Professor halted, finding it rather awkward to seek leverage from a major crisis where lives were being lost.
He had always wanted to do right. Once his father had bought him a new bicycle. On finding its incompatibility, his father had to return it back.
But Wang had refused. His stubborn streak seemed to pity the bicycle seller.
Where would he earn his living?
Now in the face of a major disease outbreak as such, his war cry had always been, "Serving the poorest of the poor." 
In University, he had learnt this lesson first hand. It had taken three seconds to witness the death of his cousin in a gang related shoot out  in the University heaquarters.
Something intriguing him even the more, as drugs were planted on the corpse, with police reports claiming the man had drugs on him.
Is it a fair reason to seek justice for one's own gains? How corrupt the unit was?
He changed the course of his life, destiny seemed to call. Once he'd dropped lecturing, the healthy alternative was the Research department.
It had been three years since.
Many of the prominent thinkers he had read about as a young teenager all preached the quality he'd rendered as 'personal liberation,' the dire freedom one had over equivocal influences.
The host stepped closer, placing her hand over his shoulder, "Professor Wang. Trust me, we've got this!"










       U-98
"Take it or leave it. We're out of time. If this war on the states is to erupt, many will blame the war to be on America."
"Well, then it has nothing to do with me, I guess!" Steve answered, his voice sounding more casual than relieved.
The only viable option was to get the chip. Time was really on the run out and many government agencies were running amok over the state security.
"I knew your father." the man in black said, coming closer to Steve's hospital bed, this time looking through the window pane. "He was like a father to me too. In many media outlets, he was regarded as a hero for his nation."
"My father is alive?" 
"Not just alive," the man stood up, wearing his glasses once more, "He needs our help."
The nurse came in once more.
"You better live," she warned, "They're here!"
Even Steve seemed to make it out. Three black cars parked outside the hospital building.
The biggest of the men opened the door, rushing through the back door. The other five men followed.
"He's in here." The leader said, his voice sounding more of Mexican than American.

Steve looked at the frightened nurse. She pulled out a black pistol.
"We've got this." she said cocking the gun as she instructed, "Take the left entrance. Don't use the elevator, you may be hacked."
She then ran for the door, her steps receding in the long corridor.
"Pick up your clothes. We've got to move. Now!"







             
                 U-97

Mike looked at the drawing in his hand. He had excellent drawing abilities, and he admired the long snake.
"Where's your boy?" Gilbert's mouth big with popcorns, grumbled, his voice cracking at the sounds.
"Ah! Said he's out to get the telephone number. Remember that famous cracker Bernard."
"Ah. Bernard Silver. Personally, I hate that guy." He looked from the popcorns on his tummy, his leg picking momentum as he stood.
"He owns this company I tell you!"
"Yucks. Did you see the left coding games of the eighties."
Mike laughed adorning the complex structure of his code lines. His only fear was having Steve coming back empty handed.
"Let's try programming it downwards."
"And what is that?"  Gilbert said.
"Let's try demolishing the backup files in case any hacking..."
Mike suddenly beamed up. Something was amiss. He looked out of the window, and so a man in black running towards their house.
"Gilbert, we've got a problem." His voice whimpered.


***
There was a fatal knock on the door. The only sound that penetrated their usual after thoughts happened to be deep trouble.
"What's with this?" Gilbert cried, his hands shaking uncontrollably.
The knock persisted, this time growing louder as though a stone was being used.
"Who's there?" Mike shouted from the window.
The knock persisted, turning into a kick.
Gilbert trembled.
"I'm gonna call the cops!"
But the cops didn't make it in time. If they were ever to arrive, two bodies were to greet them on the door step.








U-96
The flight had taken less than three hours but he was already beginning to get tired. His previous ambitions seemed destroyed by this mission.
Why hurry after a post success mission in Huawei? Who sent the two idiots? Did they know they were idiots?
The News Anchor arose from her seat, beckoning the pilot to land. As it came to a halt, the professor awoke, his spectacles falling to the ground.
"You just started wearing those."
"No, I've been with them for years. I lost my vision in one of the insane duels I fought. Nearly lost an eye."
The Journalist opposite seemed to be taking notes.
"Oh. Are you documenting that as well?" Professor Wang laughed. Very well aware of the danger this could put his position into, the only thought was to get it done overwith.
"What's with the protests outside?" he asked the Journalist, looking outside at the raging storm of people. "I thought America was meant to be peaceful?"
"Professor Wang, I've got to take your briefcase with me, if you don't mind." A heavily built man in a black suit, approached them suddenly, followed by a dozen of other security personnel.
"It contains nothing much, leave it with me."
"This way then." 
He followed them through a backyard fenced with electric wires. The security entrance was devoid of scanners, only the manual hand-checks filled in.
"We currently ran out of electricity," the man opposite explained, his thin mouth breaking a smile.
He felt the air cold and hard on his face. The usual warm air in the apartment improved his home sickness.
Inside a fine looking building, Professor Wang was able to make out three office chairs at the reception, three CCTV cameras, one at the entrance, two in the backlash stairs.
The way leading to the elevator was highly polished with ceramic walls and tiles, the ornate drawings and art of former presidents hang above.
The building was larger than any he'd seen in his life and its neatness amazed him. Such architecture was fiction back home.
As he looked admiringly at the buildings, he noticed one odd thing. There were three glasses on a table opposite.
Inside the elevator, there were four people. One security guard, the News Anchor, the Journalist and himself inclusive.
It seemed odd. He left the matter fall, nonetheless.









      U-95
Mike looked at the entrance above his head. He realised the only way he was to escape was through the ceiling. Although the plan was hazardous, it seemed the only way to make it out alive.
Gilbert ran after him on the stair case, rapidly ignoring the shootings on the door.
"Who is that man?" Gilbert shouted, taking in deep breaths to calm himself.
"I don't know, Gill. I saw a gun on him. I swear to God, he wants to kill us."
Down the staircase, the door finally gave way. They could both hear footsteps moving swiftly up the stairs. 
"What should we do?" Gilbert looked at the walls inside the room. No escape.
"Follow me." Mike said, running after a certain door.
The man reached the room. He could smell the boys in a distance. He opened his jacket and cut his left arm, licking the blood devishly.
He looked once more across the room.
Mike could see him from behind. 
The man pulled out a second knife and thrust it deep inside a wall opposite. He then switched the focus, glancing in every corner of the small room.
Then the idea occured to him.
Mike's felt the hair on his neck raising.
Gilbert let out a scream unable to hide any longer. The murderer turned deftly, his pistol aimed. He fired.
Mike  ran out of the cupboard as Gilbert ran head-on towards the murderer. 
The collision sent the two rolling into the wooden floor. This gave away, sending the two bodies floating towards the first floor.
And they landed.
The murderer's skull crashed on impact with the floor.
Gilbert was on top of the now dead man. He looked at Mike as he came running down in wild cries.
It was a slow death.  







     U-94
It had been six years since the last troop had arrived home. He could remember the raw emotions of meeting his friend's family.
The battle had been won but neither side ceased fire. Scientists at the GEK lab had commisioned the first W2- Hydrogen bomb. 
So far, they were just rumors of what such a beast could do once detonated.
As now the political frenzy in New York was spreading like wild fire, the only medicine the government had given out were vaccines from Russia, bought at nearly half a billion dollars.
The cost frightened the public. 
As he moved slowly, he noticed everything to be nonetheless more of the previous hauntings he'd been faced with.
Shirtless morning reps, jungle survival among beasts, and the usual evening 200 pull-ups. Then the bullets grazing past the ears, sending shockwaves right to the core.
It needed no further approval that he was among the survivers to make it home. The enemy had ambushed, then killed. 
The only premise he'd lost touch with were the husky trees, whence a few surviving men had monkeyed their way up the green stem.
"Is it me or the new monitors around? Man look at the office premises, these were lent in the eighties government!" 
But he kept silent. He was now looking at the mission that lay ahead. If only the ID's were prone enough across the security, the mission would be done.
"Hey. Are you even listening to me?"
"It's been tough for the past three weeks. How you take this is really surprising but a fortnight ago I had this crazy stuff going inside my head."
"Cocaine." 
A short burst of elegant short breathed throat movements followed, drawing the attention of two speculators who happened to be drowning in their short talk.
"Not that. Pretty weird, but I feel someone or something is watching every single step we take."
The pale red lips curled behind their master's tobacco stained teeth, gving an encouraging sneer, if the moment had been right, an interesting one too.
"What's next?" He sat, his back to a grafitti walled building across.










   U-93
"What's your next move professor?" 
He was short, a small creature in a jungle of hungry snapshots. Thousands, at least, of flashlights, made an effort in his near blindness session.
"Professor Wang is not entitled to secret information," one Bob said angrily, his blue shirt unsleeved at the cuffs, giving an impression he had dreaded. 
A mad man.
"Then when will he stop acting stupid and at least say something about the situation? He's one stupid Asian if I'm to say."
"His own people are dying like fleas," another grey haired BBC reporter snorted, his accent masked in between Canadian and Mexican, "America would give a shit if we'd the virus in plenty."
But this never reached Wang's ears. Not for a second.
As far as he could tell, he'd been in one secluded room for what seemed like an hour. He kept wondering whether Kim had received the text message. 
This was a kidnap.
"I don't recommend anything like drug ownership by a given section of the government. If the government is for the people who the hell has the right to keep the medicine." The flashlights continued grazing Professor Wang's face, his thick American accent, astounding the crowd even the more.
"Ok, that's enough for the ceremony. Keep this under check. The press conference is done."
It was a hell of a day. Two second thoughts kept running after him. He was a fish trapped in its own net, not a chance to admit its folly.
"Yes," Bob answered a cell phone as he escaped through the main entrance, a nod to the security guard, "Listen, it's gonna be alright. I've got this..."
And what more could he say? That plans had changed? That he was now a News advisor?
Hell no. 
If only he'd known what would happen next....










      U-92
"What next?" Steve's question was more materialistic than spiritual. It happened to be a deep inference of a dramatic course of bad, good, worse, then worse.
And worse... 
A never ending series of worse. If only they could hold down a bit...
But nothing was evening out. He'd been wounded. Three inches of muscle tissue, dug into. 
"What's next?" He did not gain much of a reply either. Mr. Wood Barthel, as he'd introduced himself earlier, shouted at him.
"I've got a family. You hear me, asshole. I've got a fucking family." He washed up his luggage drowning their previous clothing, wishing not to burn in fear for attraction.
"You bring me all the way here, and all you say is you've got a fucking family."
A battle erupted, a duel at the cost of their own lives. Evening was approaching, the sun digging maliciously into the grey skies above, sending wift soft airs below.
The land on which they stood was one of the raised points on site, with a durational view elapsing beneath. 
"Great!" Steve finally said.
"Great?"
"Yeah, like really great. Great because you hope me to believe  your fairy tale."
"Fairy tale?" He almost slapped him, his adarmant hand though missing as Steve ducked forwards.
"I am not following you. I'm freaking out with being on a mad man."
The beauty of the landscape above them seemed to elapse more into its nature, with the gorgeous rays dancing on the hills.
A raised short time, two backs reflected each other. 
"Ok, listen up. You've got to take me back to where I've been if you ever want me to believe your story."
"When was the last time you saw her?"
"Liz? A couple of hours ago! Does that improve your humor."
"Where was she going?"
"Listen..."
"Just tell me."
"What the hell does that have to...? Ok, Russia."
"Then you've got to believe my story." Wood concluded, his pathetic anger turned to parking up for an hour's drive.








     U-91
If she was right, the clock at the airport station was three minutes late. That meant she was sixty two minutes ahead of the flight schedule.
A tall husky broad shouldered man in the front, combined with three ladies in the back seat, seemed peculiar.
It was rather odd, she thought, to have three people reading the same Newspaper at the same time.
She pulled out her iPhone, scanning the front page of the man infront.
Then she turned, doing the same for the ladies. 
Three seats seperated her from the husky man, and four seats from the grotesque looking ladies behind.
Unsure what to do, she picked up her bag, moving through the backyard. 
A hand, long and protruding, dashed past the occult airs about her. Hidden sensations arose within, making her turn instinctively.
Her body moved with instinctual prowess, a split second elapsing, blue flies dashing across the crowded room.
She could even smell burnt coffee from afar.
***
"She's the one." One of the ladies on the front bench seats, shook. Her arms eyeing the opponent.
Liz had never been embarassed in her life as this before.  
"I'm so sorry." 
"No. I'll clean it up. My bad. Here you go, your hand bag." 
Of course. The handbag. 








U-90
"How do you know she's going to be kidnapped."
"Look at this. Her movements were fixed in the past three minutes. The heartpacer is a bit high."
"Wait! You've been tracking my sister all this time. You mean you knew she was leaving."
"If you say so. But the point is, we've got thirty minutes before the flight leaves. That gives us but one option..."
"We either find Liz or she'd be kidnapped?"
"Wrong. She's already been kidnapped. We've got to find the kidnappers."
***
Carthy complained at one time to her boss. It was once when she was still young, when the calmness of the old years was not bothering her as it did these days.
But that was back as far as she'd remember. As she looked from her seat, the same thought pattern came.
"Hello. How can I help? Is she unconscious? Should I call the paramedics?"
"Actually she's got a little lightness. Don't worry yourself, dear. We hate making people suffer because of our own inconveniences." The tall man said politely, sounding more than assuring to Carthy.
"Maya, where's the bag. Bring the medicine."
One lady came forth, she was much older than Carthy her hand carrying what appeared to be a brown bag. 
"You know what she'd say when she saw you being so polite?  She'd say, 'A rhino peeing.'"
The four broke into a laughing feat. Carthy joined in.
The clock wall above said twenty three minutes to time.








U-89
THE WHISTLE collapsed. Strangers turned, three to four of them, with the heinous act continuing nonetheless.
"Marcus. Marcus, stop that." 
A minute later, attention drowned from mother and child, each going on their previous business.
"Hello. Would you mind showing me the way to the nearest cafe? I'm sorry to bother you, but my internet is pretty slow, and I'm new here." She wiggled her phone lazily.
"Of course." The stranger, who happened to be three years older, stood three feet away beckoning the lady to look past her shoulder.
To the left was the sign post.
"What's your name again"
"Dorah."
"Dorah! You seem like one of my cousins you know. Have I, like, did you...herm...ever met me somewhere?"
The stranger's face oozed a no, slightly polished from the acute nose down the ostrich lips, pecked at the points, like a verified javelin.
"Ok, Dorah. My name is Jude by the way. Thanks so much."
As she looked from the street opposite the cafe, something or someone caught Jude's attention.
A long scarf seemed to be trailing off one of the ends of a brownish-coated building. 
No one was passing by this time.
Why is it following me? Why again?
She called Marcus intuitively, her voice baring the sound of a whisper in the crowded voices about her. Strangers looked on displeased at the shout.
In either case, the shouts received a dead response. 
Two. Three. Four. Five. Six.
"Hey, have you seen my baby?" Jude asked the lady who'd been standing at the telephone booth as she'd passed by.
"Ah. No."
"He's this tall," she demonstrated with lowering her palm below her thigh level, "He's got flunky hair. In fact, I was with him a couple of minutes ago."
She pulled out a photo on her phone.
The lady showed no signs of ever seeing the child. Desperately like a mad woman, she ran across the streets.
I'm dreaming all this. It has got to be a dream.
***
A passenger vehicle parked ten feet away was yellow. Marcus wore yellow.
"Maybe he entered unknowingly. My child." She said to herself, running towards the car.
Kidnap? It couldn't be...
No Marcus. 
"What is wrong, lady?" a voice, enchanted with a boyish tune to it, thumped on. Jude looked from behind her, only to see it.
It was dressed in a red cap. Black overall.
It was shame. Murder.
The same brownish-coated building on her side. And just in front of her, a corpse.
Marcus.








U-88
"What's happening in Capitol?"
" Regular noise. Perhaps three minutes late for the exclusion of a membership."
"What do you mean membership? I told that idiot never to set this up."
"But sir, the campaign committee will lose out all the finances. Three to four million dollars have already been enchanted."
"What do you mean enchanted? I gave the borderline close to three million dollars."
"Yes, but the coverup doesn't work that way." 
"That way? Who's feeding you this crap? Some Michigan based thorough investigation officer with hardly three plums of cocktail sense?"
He wasn't embarrased with his dressing. Equivocation was a difficult arena to cider police frenzied men into, he'd decided.
"Gravity has its effects, like a ball rolls down the mountain crushing heads, turnoping shit..."
"Sir, you've got to look into this. You know the district commisioner. He's a silly man so to say. His word is final."
"Any news on the doctor."
"Doctor who? Wang? Not so much to speak. He's been on the News a couple of minutes ago."
"Give me my jacket! They're all lies. Lies!"







U-87
 
He was tired. He hoped someone would wish him a better state.
No one had come for everyone was busy.
Plans to ouster China which anamolously grave to the lives of millions reminded the chief planners the execution deadline.
"This virus has taken years to adapt, a trait picked from its ancestors. A trait, each one of us is capable of having."
"I don't think you've got any idea what you're saying. This is the day when this whole plan is going to get started. Even if they could mutate slowly as you say, what gives you a research headline greater than..." His voice trailed off, the length of his anti-motivational  speech setting off a few of the Generals.
One of them stood up, his red moustached face swivelled with muscular cheeks.
"I've not travelled eighteen thousand miles to listen to bullshit. I never came to listen to how the cells are made up or that stuff.
And hey you, you're not even a researcher, everyone knows no such thing as 'viruses took years to adapt.'"
His tone rose a little higher, his hand shaking with rage at everyone. The remaining members stared silently, even the offending researcher, beckoning himself, resumed his seat.
"I think the general concussion is know. Well, even if Britain thought it wise to make a new virus, we don't have enough resources for that."
"And who says it will heal everyone. I'm not willing to carry my ass up to the President and tell him China has a new drug that'll cure this disease."
The whole meeting drifted into a quarrel, a resolution maintained with differing opinions.
One man had to shut them down.
"I'm Sam." He said after he'd done the shutting. "I'm Secret Service Agent. No further details. Anyway, this idea that there will be no more disease is a myth.
My duty as a secret agent is to see the forthrunning of the President without further implications."
"But if you protect the government, you think for the government, you act like the government."
"And so do you, General Putin." He paused shooting a respectful smile at everyone, "We're not here to debate. You've got a choice. Either we take this virus research or we go back to the old annum of sleeping on our asses when the fire roasted our feet."
"Hold on. When was this vaccine tested? On who, I would like to know?" Another gentleman, with a cute face, and unshaved, asked, his look adjusted on the main speaker before falling onto General Putin on his left.
"Gentlemen, we don't have much time. In a few days from now, China will lose close to half a billion people if we take second chances..." The answer dissipated General Putin the more, charging his red face with fresh vinegar.
He was a brisk-mannered man known for wearing a black t-shirt every Friday, a symbol that had gained him repect from the media, or attention for that matter.
"We..."
"Stop saying 'We' all the time. My decision is I won't buy the idea."
"And you Morgan?"
"I'm taking it. Yes."
"And you?" Sam pointed at a bald headed, green eyed lad with a grouchy beard. 
He looked from his papers, gathering the gravitas of his decision.
"Before I vote." He raise a hand, "Putin, I have a question. If I gave your son three bullets to kill me, would he do it?"
"Don't you dare touch on my son, you punk."
"I'm just asking. I take that as a no. Well, what if I gave you three bullets to kill your son?"
"Enough of the bull shit."
"You wouldn't kill him. Why? Because you have close feelings for him. But why do you have these feelings for a child who's barely three years old, when thirty three year olds are dying?"
"Because I don't give a shit." Putin snorted.
"Well then, gentlemen, this meeting is all faked. From the data we have, France and Britain is in. America too. That leaves us with one traitor. German."
"Traitor. Who you call traitor? Whether you stick your ass down the elephant's trunk, this won't go your way." Snorted Putin, standing, this time making for the exit. 
A few other men followed behind him. 
Supporters! Sam thought, Are nothing but puppets?
Putin turned around once more, observing the faces on the table one last time.
He spat on the floor, his men doing the same, before exiting through the main entrance.
"You shall regret this." Sam's voice trailed after them in the narrow corridor.
***
The frenzy outside only grew every passing minute. Three to four thousand protestors, as far as Sam could estimate, were tramping on government territory. Now that an enemy had departed, once more this, he thought, was to rise the cries outside even more.
"What are you going to do about this?" 
"I'll plan it out. Plan B."










U-86
"You stand a chance of losing the property."
Said one man, too tall for his age, a whooping thirty three, or so Steve observed.
His yellow gown meddled extraciously around like a rope on his skinny body, withered at remarks he uttered every now and then.
"I won't lose anything. And who tells you I'm part of your damn family?"
"Property rights."
Yes, property rights, Steve wanted to say. Property rights being one word to keep that beak of yours out on my father's house.
"Mister Steve." Called a man who'd introduced himself as Davis.
"Davis."
"I've received a telegraph about the same issue yesterday."
"A telegraph?" Steve pointed at the black envelope in Davis' hands, "Is that a reason to mean why Liz never answers my calls anymore?"
He drew the black mass closer. It surprised him the more, finding Liz's signature on the fore front.
The property man came bustling towards Steve wishing substance in his endeavor. He met a cold stare in his bony cheeks.
"When is the yellow pumphead moving aside?" Davis barked.
Steve concentrated on the black envelope, his mass deceiving him the more.
He looked at Davis.
"She's been abducted."
"How do you know?"
"The signature, is incomplete on all the wrong places. Liz could not have..."
It dawned on him.
"She never sent this." He wanted to speak. He wanted to say it aloud. He wanted to look at the mailman and see whether...
"When did you last see Atlanta?" asked Steve, suspiciously.
"Atlanta?"
"Atlanta, the previous mailman. How could you not know him?" He tried making it sound obvious, raising the tone a bit high to hide his fear.
"I know many an Atlanta, Mister Steve. I reckon this is the fourth I've heard." He scoffed, letting out a thick smile, "If you say a mailman, then I know him by office work, then."
"Well..."
"He just resigned three days ago. Long story, he wanted a rise, then bam, manager says it's not gonna happen..."
Atlanta? Chased?
Steve closed the black envelope.
"Thanks for the delivery."
"Of course!"
He then left.
In his absence, a pitiful reckoning overwhelmed Steve the more. Who was this man, able to infiltrate his location?
Notwithstanding recent drama, he'd been convinced all the while, this was going to take some glued time for the episode to really take off.









U-85

"Then tell them you haven't found the drug. Jason, this is a national data pandemic. Unless the situation gets jeopardised by its very mouth, or it will leak out and before it's too late..."
"You know nothing Jane. You take this as a national security threat, but consider the reckoning of the masses when this leaks out..."
"Exactly," Jane added.
"This'll leak out anyway, if it hasn't already done so. That means, three hundred men will have there lives on stake. That means, three hundred men will ruin our lives to the grave..."
"Listen. We have the three subunits under our command. Even if the database got breached, still there is a recommendation when it comes to telling the masses the false news."
"Kind of a controversy asset," Sam replied, startling the meeting ablaze in a second, the remaining members oiled to alert, "If the NYPD has files that've gone missing, the State house has three missing confidentials, NASA...even if they'd all their space program database hacked, I wouldn't give two hoots of care," he sighed, drenching the situation into a dramatic cleverage, "But now Jane, we're talking HUMK. Do you know how heavy a whale weighs? Of course you don't!"
He moved his chair, motioning for the window. Here the members turned towards him, awaiting his final word.
"A whale is too heavy to scale. We've got nothing to do but keep this Asian silent."

***
"How can you skip the Asian deities before you and import them into a theory for genetics? Could it be a mad man we're dealing with?"
Professor Wang looked at the questioner for the first time. It didn't surprise him that the speaker was Asian.
He had thick eyes and a straight face. His elbows the height of his legs made him look more of a half-dinasour transplant, than Wang cared to admit.
His huge ears were clouded in between tufts of popcorn hair, a bald clasp on the forehead.
"Not a mad man," Wang said from his strapped body. The pain in his shoulder had not subsided and the only effect his twitching muscles offered were the pains and agony indeed blasphemous to his now oddly body.
Oddly was a pain. He had removed the past three years losing interest in politics. The now current havoc in democracy was close to making a child be his own parent seer.
Young men, some even his former students, had taken into political affairs, disguised in lab coats.
This new manifesto was close to his heart than the previous events. 
"It's not a mad man," He said, his lips quivering with pain. He then kept silence.
"Well, this is a subordinate thing to say, but I've got nothing to bother with you."
Indeed.
The sickly man then took the champagne on the seat close to Wang, before splashing a great foam onto the latter.
He squeezed the left of what appeared to be a plastic bottle, handing his bodyguard, one of the syringes.
"Great conversation, professor Wang. I wish to make aquiantance you know. Don't be silent that much, solitary conditions will make you ill and more mad."
He took the syringe and placed it inside the bottle. He shook the refragments, sending a signal to the heavily built man behind him, who Professor Wang only saw for three minutes.
He observed the man's quickness, his fierceness as he dealt with the syringe. His long protrudding veins utterly spoke of the beast he was.
A body builder, Wang thought. It was no excuse that the government was behind all this, or so it appeared.
Previously, all the glamour of life was draining off him like a dead man's lips shaken from breath and warmth.
His eyes were now becoming heavy, and drooly as he felt the sharp needle entering his skin.
Then everything went black once more. For how many times this had gone on, Wang would never have guessed, the drug nullifying his conscious the more.











U-84
The silence in Emerson Public Hospital was expected. A few years back, the nurse could remember the shouts and barks at the reception.
One angry father had promised to sue the staff, for their 'negligence'. It so happened that his son had died from peptic ulcers.
Another of her favorite incidents, was the climax at which one of the patients promised to have the whole hospital on fire, if he got another syringe on his bum.
The threat was never accomplished. The man had died two weeks later from, as Victoria thought, neglecting the learned man- Doctor Simeon.
But these were not the reason she was smiling to herself, this afternoon. The reflection in the bathroom mirror was the probable humiliating reason her lips parted slightly in almost three years.
The reflection was that of an old lady with grey hair at the temples, weak lines across the poetic face revering the immensity of her years.
But she was never that lady, or so she thought. She'd imagined herself more younger, perhaps twenty three.
Who had whipped that clean face but her? Who'd gone to club Santos every Friday? 
She'd been everything but herself. Now as the immensity of all the lost years returned, the wrinkled face infront of her, seemed a spectre of an overhauled imagination.
Prelude to the situation, she was now wrapping into her eighties. Even the long lost years mattered the less.
Who believes the maroon of the shark, after all? 
"Madam Victoria," A voice at the door brought her back to reality.
 "A moment, please." She said, as she hurried past the bathing tub, rummaging her long dress up in the way.
She heard footsteps recceding across the narrow corridor although the thought they were more of three alteranting steps pacing along, did not occur to her.
"Yes, Maureen," she said as she closed the door behind her.
"There's another patient I'm afraid. She says she needs to see someone experienced..." The middle aged lady continued, her fingers making an ochestra of the gravitas her message delved.
"Isn't Simeon around?" 
"The logbook attender says he went to the meeting!"
"Damn him. Where's the patient?"
"A1 34 room."
She needed no further details. A horrorific memory of two black siamese twins who had died from the same room had not drained from her memory.
Accounting for the great attention the incident received, some rumors had circulated of a spectre inside who had killed the twins.
The spectre, as the police later found out, was but a gas leak in the room opposite where alcohols and drugs were kept.
Police as usual with their investigations, had left the case askew with fresh reports of having this criminal or that behind bars for the gas leak.
First one doctor Houston, then the floor cleaner. And then a series of unconnected personalities.
The media as always covered haunted hospital reports from whatever source they interfered.
"Madam Victoria," another nurse called from behind her, choosing the 'Madam' as a way of stopping her.
"What's it Oliver?"
"You've got to come with me. Right now."
"What's the query?" Victoria said as calmly as she could. She wasn't used to this sort of unanimous distraction, things had changed.
"Just come," she said. On seeing the old nurse continue her way, she leveraged her voice, to almost a scream, "Please Victoria. My son is dying."

***
As the patient in room A1 34, roamed painfully in her hospital clothes, there was a silent tumble in the room opposite.
She would have sworn hearing a soft puffing sound, more of a gas leak, in the room next opposite.









U-83
A smell of burnt sausages was within a miles' coverage. The man behind the wheel was well clad in his coat, the years he'd been active too many to count.
Official duties were growing vacant all the while. It was a wonder he'd hurdled over the traffic to topple over such a case.
Burnt sausage.
"Smells good." His partner, a jerkish inbred odd-looking fellow, broadshouldered, and Australian tongued, maintained his speech over the sparks of melancholy.
The radio in their slim car was booming with political propaganda:
  Who says he lacks the fashion to be a good cop? Who says Jefferson will lose out on the elections? Who says the current rapport will leave the administration bankrupt? Tax-paying is becoming more of a sinous crime in America.
Consider this, the new government looms over three decades long of refining the old government. We've seen these idiots taking money from our very pockets and landing us hefty nothings of debt. You won't land a fat meal on your tables with the poor man's taxes, you old fool.
America is independent of all these big bellies. We've seen three things across the platiforms they've done.
First they've borrowed our hooks; second they've borrowed a dead shark; Third, they're now placing us on the bait of buying it.
Who'll buy it? I daresay it's you and me, folks. And take this, with our own sweat...

"Turn it off," Jim said as they passed the secind avenue. The tracking days were over where men split a beer over which party the other fought for.
The days were running in political frenzy with the men now killing over a beer's vote on who won what.
"You're new in this division." 
"Me. Oh. no. I'm new to you maybe." Jim said, turning round the street corner.
"When...herm...I last saw this happening in 2003?" 
"Let me tell you somethin'. This won't end pretty well. We're in the last days boy, and unless someone explains what's going on, I promise two heads will be riding in this car a few months' time- dead."
The rest of the journey was spent listening to old folktales from KBS radio station, which Jim cared little to turn off for dread of shutting the silence down.

***
"We're a few blocks away now, Timothy." 
Few blocks from the real shit, Jim thought. 
He'd been on this job for the past thirteen years, three years in retirement found faded skills in the man he'd known himself to be.
But with his fame of more than a decade's worth of training and working in the field, time was a trustworthy messenger.
The new job was getting worse. 
"Here we go." Jim said looking at Timothy, almost adrift in sleep. "Emerson Public Hospital."









U-82
One Chinese ad had said three parts of the body fat was responsible for lean muscle. Whoever doubted was confronted with the example of Jen Xie, a Chinese communist who'd been well fed for three months, gaining utmost thirty three pounds, an equivalent of a young hound.
But the example only drew a laughter from a devastated public, something the ad makers had well planned before hand.
The same ad continued with their new fat synthesizer, with the famed communist holding a bundle of the powder sacchets, a smile beckoning his  thin face.
The ad congratulated the general public in their adventurous designations to take on exercises.
"It won't work that way." Said one short legged muscular left handed slithe of a man, his eye glasses tinking and glittering amidst flares of ad replays on the screen.
"It won't because you say so?" The old man behind him said, looking him in the eye.
"What part of it won't work, says because I say so."
Rie Shu, expected a quarrel between the two editors. nonetheless.
The few weeks he'd worked at the station were becoming dangerously tight with repeated arguments. 
It seemed each one wanted a part in the ad. Their melancholy had surprised Rie the more, for in every passing second, another alarm had to be set, on whether it was good an ad to go.
So far the college degree in Mass communication the university of Dion had offered him, seemed invaluable.
Thanks to a friend of his in Hampshire, he'd left the ads department, grooming his arts in part-time photography for KBS news before becoming a full time editor for ABC Newspaper.
Now as the rain storm shuttered the trees aloof his house, homesickness shrouded. His wife was arriving in an hours' time, but goodness, the apartment was one hell of a place.
He picked a cup from the station. It looked red and new with a few blisters of Entrepreneurial focus at the sides, whence his name was written in Italics:
Rie Shu
It was a birthday present his brother Yin had sent him. Long were the days he'd picked that name in his head. 
It was more of a cup to him. It was an oath, a deadline, a sprite of reverence for his dead brother.
A moment later, his wife closed the door behind her, walking directly into him. He kissed her tenderly before setting the cup once more in its place.
"That again," she teased him, although her eyes wore a seriousness in them, "When will it summon you to forget about him?"
"How was the market?" Rie said, changing the subject.
"Nothing more than a few lame remarks from a trader or two?" She said, setting carrots and a few green peppers in the refrigerator.
"What of them?" Rie said lazily. He was fond of her to the minutest detail that he could even notice a misplaced hair.
"Nothing much. One said meat will turn sore if I keep buying greens." She broke into a laugh, elbowing Rie who seemed nonetheless humored, though still in deep thought.
She left him in the kitchen as she went into the bathroom, wishing all the way that he would prepare dinner.
But dinner was a thought far from his mind. 
In his mind, he saw three men shouting at him for being hopeless. He then saw a crowd of people shouting at the top of their voices. 
All because of a single article.
In his mind, he could even smell their sick humor as he got fired.
"What's wrong with me?" He said. He then searched for his notebook, to write an idea or two that were worth of notice.
When he had got the book, his mind went blank. How could he start? How could he prase it?
That an active murderer haunts Emerson Hospital?








U-81
"What's wrong with the switch?" Jim asked as he passed a look with Timothy.
He extended his arm once again, pressing the baukalite switch. In the act, however, he noticed a peculiar substance.
"Pass me the glove." He told Timothy, who rushed through the tool box.
"Here," he said, reaching the white gloves to Jim.
The substance seemed to drip along a closed space about him. The more he lighted the space around, the more of the substance seemed to form.
"What's the matter?" Timothy asked out of curiosity.
"Step back." Jim said motioning the big torch towards his partner's feet.
This set him on a trail along a lengthy corridor. Everything was silent save for the occasional burst of insects above in the ceiling above them.
"Tim, I need you to light hold the torch with the right hand if you will."
"Ok." Timothy said nervously, unsure of how to act.
Jim then scooped a sample of the shiny substance with his left thumb. He almost sneezed at the smell.
"What of it?"
"Hold this glove for me?" Jim said, removing the glove on which the sample stuck carefully.
As Timothy held out his hand, a flash of light whizzed past the end of the corridor. 
It sent but cold shivers down the spines of the two detectives.
Jim leapt foward, as Timothy bagged the glove into his backpack.
A moment later, they were inside what appeared to be yet another corridor, this one meeting halfway the corridor they'd walked from.
It was not only narrower a corridor than the first one, but also darker compared to the first.
Jim swore he could feel something gay about the airs above him, though Timothy said he felt nothing of the kind.
"What was that?" Jim wondered, seeing nothing either side of the corridor.
"Let's try the corridor." Timothy said, Jim following as they went through the narrow corridor.
There were a door on either end, something of a gale hope that whatever had passed before them, was human, in the sense of the word.
"What of this, you go investigate the other door to the right? Leave this one to me."
Jim was nonetheless near overfrightened. He blamed his unnerving to old age. His hands, as he now saw, were shaking, something he'd never wanted anyone to know.
How can a professional look the more predestined to a cankerly jerkin' intimacy of a hand?
He torched his way past the crabby hospital beds inside, the floor feeling hard underneath, through his slick canvas.
The torch was losing battery every second, a matter that astounded Jim. Many times he'd preferred the Sony batteries.
Damn the battery.
In the rear of his eye, were but old books, which he soon found out were brief sketches of Organic Chemistry, Transplant genetical studies and binded notebooks of varying topics.
The authors went by the initials of H.J, I.L, and F.R.
Jim found less time tied to this although it was quite unnerving to find such books in an abandoned hospital.
He continued rummaging across brickwalled room, examining samples of hair, blood on a deck inside the chamber, below the library.
Even though the room was definitely old, Jim could feel life once more beaming in it. He could see doctors running around the corridor, with books in their fists.
Nurses collecting samples from the main hospital, before collapsing the material in the chamber-room.
Jim could even see the doctors shouting their eurekas as they finished a research paper.
As if in a trance, Jim turned to see a thing in waist line clothes, staring at him.
In the dim torch light, he could make out a pale white face, whiter than any face he'd ever seen. It was bald, although the serependity of its red lips made it a dark avalanche of a ghostly spectre.
In fear of meeting a well trained pyschopath, he collapsed first from shock and soon enough was on his heels beyond the narrow corridor.
"Tim..othy" He called after his partner on the other side of the corridor, racing towards the door.
But the thing whatever it was, psycho or immortal, ran after him, way faster. It hooked him to the ground with a stingy blow to his head, sending him off balance.
The glitter in its eyes shouted the more as it cascaded swiftly through the air about him.
If it had been walking, it could've made a sound. Yet to Jim's surprise, no such sound ever came out. Only a kindred of cold air passed unfaltered.
Charging with the last of his prowess, he cocked his pistol and shot. 
He shot three more times.
In the evil mercies of the ghostly thing, he felt a huge blow to his skull. This knocked him unconscious.








U-80
"Victoria." Timothy started on seeing the well known nurse. She was older than he'd expected her to be although her wide face looked nonetheless the equivalent of a lady torn in her work.
"What's the matter?" she inquired, thumbing her index finger on Jim, an act, Timothy revered, of checking the pulse.
He's just unconscious.
"We were investigating the old Hospital, when he got struck, or so I think, by someone, and he lost conscious."
Jim was placid, a red ache on his head, on the region where the hair met the face.
"You say he was struck," the old nurse asked as she passed a wet cloth over Jim.
Timothy mumbled something short of an exclamation, yet, unhindered the nurse continued her work.
"I may need you to hold this on him, as I check out on the other patient." She handed Timothy the wet cloth, before dashing towards the door. "I'll be right back." She said, closing the door.
Timothy could only dread his partner's ill-health. He had been wandering in the main cabin of his investigation, when the gun shots reached him.
"This is the main reason I've been telling him to have more backup." He muttered silently under his breath. The long sleeve upon which Jim was laid, teamed of a cascade slimy liquid.
When Timothy drew a portion, fear grasped him.

*** 
"Madam Victoria, she's breathless!" 
Had it not been for the passage, she  would have escaped the encounter.
Yet the rapid knock out was breath-taking.
Victoria lay on her back, with a fresh wound on her left cheek, the other two bruises seemed more futile.
"Who?" Timothy asked, this time losing his temper. Known for outrageous demands, rumors had come true.
If three men had disappeared in the hospital in three weeks' time, it would've been a coincidence.
A strong one, indeed, but it was no coincidence having four hospital members, patients inclusive, going missing in a moment of thought.
"Show me the rest room," Timothy demanded, placing his hand gently across his partner's chest, as though to assure the man that everything was in the right hands.
"Just follow me."
On the inside, it looked more of a barbeque room, the walls were aging with graffiti, the timeless masterpiece of teenagers.
On a table just below the dustbin, Timothy was amused to see a lit cigar. As he held his gaze up towards the far wall, he heard a scream coming from the nurse's direction.
He rushed outside to see the query, leaving the cigar drenching from water.
What is happening? his mind demanded, I'm gonna call back up.
I've to.
Too late. A lid flang through a slimy filled floor and much to Timothy's horror, something or someone dashed at him with ultimate speed. 
Timothy dodged, circling with all his might as he picked up the lid. He held it shoulder high and elbowed the thing- faceless as it was with it.
To his amazement, it attacked him vigorously, looking more furnished with his late act, a beckoning of inner strength as he cared to notice.
"Who are you?" He said, sounding more of a rhetoric questioner than he'd anticipated.
The pain in his shoulder was subsiding slowly, he felt drowsy, slowly swimming into an endles abyss, before his mind and everything went blank.
The thing peered over him, carrying him to a Northerly entrance.








U-79
This only gets better. The more these dummies die out, the more fun." One bar attender was jolly in his tracks. His crew consisted of a goofy headed moron with two wide unzipped eyes.
Zipped were the third man's eyes, who awoke from his minute slumber, wavering to chanted shouts and  tosses.
When he awoke this time, none of this was the reason as he was to find out. Instead, everyone looked at him quizically.
He unchecked his moustache, benign of the intensity of stare from two glued eyes.
"By gosh, why are you looking like pissed off bottles?" 
By gosh, no answer.
By gosh, his head was off.
By gosh, everyone shouted, as they leapt foward.

Outside, he did not seemed frightened either despite his obesity.
 Someone was standing in the midst of nowhere, holding a sniper riffle.
The target was a fat man, caressed in office wear, a tie beckoning his huge body.
But the sniper riffle was directed at the man opposite this fat man. Then it moved further ahead, two head shots in range.
As he switched off his phone, everything was back to normal. He would kill the Asian, as duty assigned.
He would be tendered a huge pension, worth a vacation.
His hands moved swiftly, rendering his position invisible. The balcony on which he crawled looked more of an ideal facility of gun trade.
Recently thirteen guns were sold out every second in close to fifty two buyers across the globe.
Business was flourishing, yet delicacy was never achieved.
Bob stole a lifeless glance at the target position. Co-ordinate meter read 43 degrees North. 

***
Just outside the state building, the crowd was further palpitating the officer in charge, Macklin Junior.
He had dreaded burdens enforced on him by the rioters' committee. 
A man of principle, he'd agreed to work on one conditon, either man had to part their own ways as long as they left him alone.
The Chief had stood perplexed at the request.
"Do you know what that means?" He had asked, his harsh tone, never frightening Junior.
"Yes, sir!"
"Well, it's a no, I'm afraid."
"Then I resign, sir." He had said, not a hint of disguise in his eyes.
For sure he had resigned. For two hours.
Technically speaking, it was a two seconds' worth of resignation. His huge head told him it would never be possible to retire.
"Chief the mob outside is growing." One of the officers had said.
"You sure you want to resign?"
Yes sir, he now wanted that as the final answer.
I would likely resign minus papers or any other official document.
I would want an hour's worth. My life is in danger.
The crowd protested strongly about everything, from the high tax debt, the new virus conspiracies, and all the new stuff any Jonny thought would make flashy news.
"What's up Junior?"The chief called him privately.
"Nothing much."
"Look, I'm not asking you to stay here," he began in his sarcastic tone, "I'm only asking you to keep for me a secret."
"And what is that?" 
"The way out of this place has been breached. Someone inside the agency is being squirrel with our data."
"You think someone is hacking us?" 
"In a way, yes. But the point is, we've been shut down from our transmission lines. Two detectives who went to Emerson haven't  yet come back..."
"You're not suggesting I go to Emerson, are you?"
"I'm not suggesting anything Junior. You better stop acting like a child and think for once.
Someone is getting this information leaked under our noses."
"And who may that be. Some crazed bony faced nerd with barely a degree in programming. Oh. How about, a ghost of a cyber-punk."
"Ghost cyberpunks aren't an exception. But on the look of things, this is a matter of death and life. There's an old database in room A1 34, if you get inside, I need you to program the system to shutdown."
"That'll be insane. I'm not a programmer." Junior said frankly. Genuinely, this was getting worse every second. He'd anticipated being at the station by eleven thirty, basking in the sleep chamber where he would think about nothing.
Now this case? Who was going to hack them? Did it even matter to him?
"I don't understand something here, Chief. Why not send, someone like Hussein. This guy's got all that technophilic personality."
"What you don't understand," The Police Chief drew closer, "Is that three quarters of that data was secured with frontline intelligency.
What that means is you cannot have a technophile access the documents apart from the programmer himself."
Junior nodded, absorbed in the conversation for a moment to shut the horrors outside.
"If the system identifies a threat, it turns on self-destruction mechanism, whereby the victim loses everything, from the data files themselves to the maniac system configurations."
This time Junior crossed his head.
"Ok, all you need to do is this. Avoid moving inside any narrow corridor. If you reach room A1 34, just pull out your gun as you would do in any situation, and try attempting suicide."
Junior looked as a man blinded in an instant flash. His mouth corners quivered, as if set out to lash a comment.








U-78
Yet he held his tongue.
"Suicide?"
"Hmm." The chief said affirmatively, no sign of joke in his tone, "Not that you'll kill yourself. Your gun is empty of course. You are only triggering the database mechanism."
"Ok, I get the hell to Emerson. Get through a narrow corridor never, then move to this door and 'commit suicide', then I destroy the system files, and bum. Mission complete."
"You're missing out a part. You get inside and say, Wang is from China."
"Seriously!"
"Don't fret too much about it, that's the new access code currently in use. Now I'll send you no backup, Junior. You've got to get this done over with. Secetly."
"Ok, look chief. I'm not gonna do any of that stuff. It's hell right risky. Even if I get to the point of no return, you're not explaining everything. This isn't everything I want to hear."
The chief sighed. He had hoped this to be brief. He felt the urge to eliminate the rascal although he knew of no better man than him.
He approached him, once more beckoning him to his office.
Once inside, Junior close the door behind him.
"Take a seat." The chief said.
"What's with this?" 
"You've got thirteen minutes before everything shutters. Shut the fuck up and get every single line inside that head."
The chief looking under his glassed checked under his desk, producing a couple of white documents that he flipped over to the man across.
"And what the hell are these?" Junior had decided never to speak politely. The more he'd get on the Chief's nerves, the more easily a resignation would follow.
Yet the charm seemed not even working for a fixed second.
"Those are the white papers. Documents signed by thirteen American presidents late in the sixties."
"Only signatures!"
"They contain oaths and simple stuff as you can see, yet their tremendous impact on everything is unalterable."
"But look, they're just signatures. Nothing much. Old print gollies and envelopes would be running askew with new protestations."
"Quiet, Junior. This is the story I never wanted to leak out, but now it's too late. People must know the truth, either in infinite or finite measures."
He drew a brief gaze at Junior, sighing all the more.
In 1972 after the first man landed on the moon, we received an automated cross linkage with the planet. An encoded device was found inside the craddle of the moon, how it got there we'll never know.
America kept this in NASA headquarters for about a decade and in 1982, it was moved to Russia.
The message has been encoded with the most sophiscated technology outbursts presently available. You might have heard of the way the data sources at IBM were being manipulated.
Of course these were timed interferences with the membership efforts to hide the secret.
Time and again, scripts have been revealed from the device with advanced interface linkages, being brought from such dramatic efforts.
As far as I know the only Beast Barracks at West Point, USMA have the sophiscated computers available for deciphering the codes.

"I don't understand, I thought the moon stuff was real."
"Not saying it's faked. All I'm saying is Russia must've kept the remnants of the coded device simply because it knew the awful truth all that time."
"Truth of what?" Junior curiously asked.
"Truth of everything Junior. Everything."
What he forgot to tell Junior was it was just American humor.










U-77
Even as these words sank into him, he didn't reckon abundance in the statement.
Deciding it was no threat to his internal peace, he got abreast into his car, availing an avalanche of car hoots for the passers-by, the rioters in them.
"Where is the space doughnut?" 
His partner looked the more disturbed.
"My fresh acolido and juice men. The new doughnut from Macs'?"
"Forgot. I'm sorry sir. Though," He pulled out a new shopping bag, "I've got some burritos for you."

They drove through the crowd, honking their way past. Junior sucked the reddish juice as he slipped on the burritos, his tongue burning.
"Hey man, this mission is seclusive," Junior pulled out of the car, "We're at the place though all I want you to do for me is to take cover inside this building."
"Inside?"
"I mean outside. Stay in the car." His last words greeted with a nod.
Making it was all safe and secure, he hooked up the steep hill, looking back at the car.
Just to make sure.
A flat table was at the entrance. Millions had died inside this hospital during the pandemic of chicken pox, although it's structure, seemed never that as 129 years old as everyone was made to believe.
Junior touched the button on the elevator. It never opened. Devastated, he peered over the stairs, walking almost silently to the underground basement.
The only way he was surely going to avoid the narrow corridor meant going through the rusins below- a sewage river.
Now he knew why he'd been used. To massacre and say this to be an overnight mission was an understatement. 
So far he was thirteen miles from the other end.
His telephone rang, it was an iPhone gift once in a while he used for the proclamation of the internet, a fact he longed to oust from his league.
"What's up Derrick?"
"She's spat on us. Listen man, this is all lies..."
"Hold on, you're saying, she spat on the plan."
"Yeah, the plan? Listen Junior, if I've got to tell you she's on our backs, I'll be lying men. I've got back from Arkansas, I'm way over Carlifonia and their stuff."
"I get it." He waned his phone onto his green back pack. The lose five dollar change he had on him, shuffled as he peered inside the building.
 The smell down here was but puke itself. He'd worked for the fire department for three years, smell of burnt flesh was nowhere closer to this one.
He swerved through, his boots drenched in the slimy waist high liquid. He juggled his way, into another tunnel just to his right. Above he could hear crackling sounds.
As if of a movement.
The hospital floor dived under way, climbing upwards when he'd reached the further end of the tunnel.
He shrugged from the smell, his nose wrinkled.
"Puff. Golly folly ghooosh..." He spat. It was more than a mission.
Not the missions he'd been to. This time he'd be on the streets after some Jonny. Another day, he'd be handcuffing some teenage shoplifter.
At all these times, no stinky smell as hell itself had arose. Maybe, he thought, he wasn't used to the November saunas.
His back bone HURT!
Two years back, he'd have passed all allegations of being a maniac. His own assurance of an endgame came close to three years of constant rapport as he kept his position as Chairman of their golf member's club.
Many times three or four of the lot, cascaded away from the village centres, as far as Northern Georgia to hook in the 80's game.
Revenue was bristling- close to three hundred thousand annual turnover was apprehended.
His three storey apartment was left in June the following month as he took on a mission to reinvent his life.
He found it sarcastically full of life to announce himself 'police officer' as one Charlie chanced to greet him on one private duty.
"Are you really Junior?" He inquired, going further to remove sun glasses, as though to reinvent his sight.
But that was now four years back. Such a long time as far as memory afforded him.
Here in this closed space, moving through sewage, was the chairman of a golf's club-turned police man.
His long sleeves tugged behind on something. He looked and confronted his pursuer. 
Nothing but a closed barb of wire.









U-76
"Sir you've got three private reasons why you're here. Either you'll tell us the way you...er...reason or you'll be dismissed." 
She was verbally aquisitive, something Sam had noticed ever since her coming to work. 
She was adarmantly gorgeous, although he wondered whether she wasn't now on chemicals, or other illegal drugs for skin tightening.
But what surprised him the more about her, was the way she spoke out. Despite being female in a male territory, she'd been able to defy all logic as she won a child molestation case in Saudi Arabia.
Two years back, three hundred slave women were slaughtered for having the same spirit. Back in the years when it was right to have a slave on one's household.
But the rise of women's associations and rights committees' worldwide had shut all the alleged plans of moral defiance of women by their husbands.
I am no husband. Sam thought to himself, placing the red cup he held down gently.
His long moustache was nowhere compared to his young assistant seated across the meeting table.
He held his voice low when he tried to air out his views.
"Who are you?" 
"And why would you like to know?" 
"Because I've a right to know!"
"You better produce that right, before you even air out something from your mouth."
Sam laughed at the memory. He learnt his lesson that very day.

"How comes three compound companies are operating under a single database?"
But Sam's mind wasn't in the present. It was aeons of miles far away.
In a distant land. Where everything was once more green, the sunlight flooding on his juvenile face. He saw the moon dancing outside that very night.
It's light fell on a creature to his left. A creature with beautiful glazing eyes, one with a deep searching gaze.
Those eyes were imminently made with a special glitter, one he'd suspected was meant for him.
But those eyes slowly drifted from sight. Only giggles of laughter remained, fading slowly away.
The flesh of her cheek on his shoulder slowly lessened and a draught of wind flooded into his sight.
His saw then two narrow eyes, wider at the corners. The owner was not Juliet. She did not have that aculine nose, jolly smile or the bridled look.
Even her voice wasn't as melodius.
"Sam, rush hour baby. Gotta pay for them sins."
Hell yeah.
 He drew back his shoulders relaxing his eyes on the speaker's breasts. In his wildest dreams, this was a sexual liturgy, with him being the lion.
Yet the effect was outstanding. He kept speaking to himself as though it were nothing but a dream afterall.
To her utter gaze, he moved towards her. She looked on fearfully, canningly falling victim to prey upon.
"Look at this, look at me."
His eyes searched her breasts deeper. He hadn't been with a woman in six years now. The only lady he'd got for Christmas Eve was far off satisfying another well-paying customer.
It had to end with this speaker.
"Sam?" She said, fearing he was drowsy in his sleep, a characterisitic she'd witnessed one other time in his apartment- as she delivered the office papers.
But she wasn't cute, or so she went about believing.
She knew men ended with her twin sister. Clearly, no one would entertain a creature who ditches them after their wedding day.
Men are all such creatures, she'd concluded, well aware of misinformation many ladies her age were trapped into.
Now as she saw him advancing the only thought was he was sleep walking, as never before had such a thing as 'sexual advance' ever erupted from this Sam.
He caught half of her brouse maliciously, dragging her towards himself. She did not hesitate.
She did it intentionally, or so she thought, to tempt his intent.
But it was too late. 
Her breath was warmer in his mouth as he pulled her nude. She resisted but his steady touch.
His pants undone, the work ready, a marathon awaiting, the world seemed undone before those slim legs which were covered perfeclty in black leggings.
Then a telephone rang.










U-75
Mike reached for the telephone in his hand, shaking off the dust. He redialed the number once more, never a stretch of an answer.
"Hello," He said, "This is Mike. George's son. I haven't seen my friend... yes he's called Steve...and one is already dead...Yeah, he's called Gilbert."
After, he searched for a grey envelope in Liz's room anxious to find it.
It seemed fruitless a search, for the first hour or so. Finally, he came across an envelope resembling the grey one, only its top being blue.
"Steve if you find this, just know I haven't left as scheduled. There's an important issue I have to handle right now. Only if you just keep our old promise, everything will be safe."

"Old promise?" Mike retorted, setting the envelope inside his bag.

***
"Why are they after us?" Mike remembered asking Steve. 
Yet, he was now afraid to bring the issue to police. His only hope was finding Steve. Even if it was just for a split second, everything could be safe, as Liz had said.
But where was he? Could he have been murdered by the same green tattooed rascals who had killed Gilbert?
And who was to blame?










 U-74
"Who the hell sent you here?" Someone asked Junior when he'd reached the floor ceiling.
"Someone more important than you, I guess."
"That's rude young man," the man moved from the shadows. His long nose was better moved on the side, enabling Junior to make a quick deduction of him.
  As he moved, he appeared grotesque, as if whispering to himself all the while.
The spell was broken when Junior had more footsteps from the back.
He turned and saw three to four similar clothed men moving into his direction.
In a few seconds, he found himself thinking faster. He made a dire decision.
It seemed futile.
"Who are you working for?" He asked, his voice malicious.
"We work for nobody. We are the ones supposed to ask that very question."
His silence was longer than they'd expected. Junior looked into the sewage behind.
For a split second, a wild sprint furnished inside the slimy stink.
They ran amazingly fast that Junior thought they would catch up soon.
As a corner reached soon enough, he dived.
Who were these men?









U-73
"They're simple men. Just like you and me." One Sam said looking closely at the report, "They're seeing this as an opportunity to take people's lives. Unless we hack into their data base, the impact is gonna be undoable."
He closely read the script once again, to affirm his voice made its intended purpose- persuasion.
"Does it matter if you don't strain yourself too much? When did you last sleep?"
"To be honest Daniella, I don't give a shit. My country is in deep need of a voice. We're fighting for something our fore fathers died for. The battle hasn't yet been won."
"And you're not willing to give up then." Daniella closed her suitcase, moving across to avoid tripping over the spread legged speaker.
"Yeah." he kissed her as he moved out, "I love you Daniella."
He wasn't much terrified to find six missed calls from the same man. 

***
Outside his parking yard, Sam horned his way to office driving through the narrow traffic to reach as fast.
"You're going somewhere!" One beggar moved towards his car. He seemed unmolested as Sam gave him ten bucks. 
Neither did he move as the latter closed the front car door.
Kidnapped was an understatement.








U-72
"What makes him stand outside, bring him in." Another man scoffed. 
Their boss was riding a chevrolet, a company car model awaiting deluxe market victims.
He had a thick jaw and chewed every second.
"He's Americano." Someone else interrupted.
"Americano!" the boss spat. Junior could see the lights dancing inside his skull.
"Where's the bargain?" 
"What bargain?"
"The bargain, Americano." This time, Junior had a taste of his own blood.
"Yes... you've got him?" A look of wicked humor crossed that pimple clad face.
Junior silently worked at his handcuffs. Like he'd done as a teenager.









U-71
Only what he needed was a 'Yes.' He had the target's head under his eye.
"Sir." 
He checked his watch. It was fifty minutes now ever since the talkie had gone off.
Made for this, he said as he zoomed closer.
The target was surrounded by journalists once more. At this pace, none could suspect a distant range shot, or could they?
Once he'd reached the maximum zoom level, his breath hesitated. He reached out for his binoculars.
No. This couldn't be possible.

***
General Putin licked his elbows, as his limousine drove off. The only petty mischief he'd seen this meeting worth of as exactly as his son had predicted.
"Drive to the Royal Hotel."
"Yes. Sir." 
 
Once inside those doors, Bob knew no other way this would turn out right. It meant downright suicide, only if someone intervened, the whole mission was at stake.

"Listen George, this is not playing man. I repeat, move the General from the Hotel now."
"What are you saying? I don't have that much rights you know."
"George, stop acting bullshit, ass fucker. General Putin shouldn't enter the hotel building. You hear me...George?"
He was already off. 
Goddamn.







 

U-70
"Who the hell sent you here?"
Junior allowed another blow graze him. 
"Bring the electrocutor. This blazzard shows no respect!"
A tiny handheld sparking rectangular box was brought.
As the fat man chewed, Junior read his entire movements, the two men beside him.
And then...



***
An old grey haired lad walking past heard three earthquakes. Or so they shook him to the core.
For a moment, he thought he saw heaven, and hell and all the demons.
Then he saw what appeared like a handsome man shouting at him. 
Was he an angel?
"Give me your car." 
"I've got no car."  At least he suffered a stroke, seeing an angel with blood in his hands.

Junior ran past the old man, heading northwards.
His partner? Oh. Where was he?









U-69
It was moments later before he realised his folly. Sam looked up. For a moment, he only saw what appeared to be a mirror- then the blur faded into a computer screen.
"Where am I?" He awoke in chains.
The screens were filled with pictures. Pictures of everyone.
Surveillance cameras?
They had every secret room, door, corridor, everything inside the stae building.
"You ask where you are? Well, let me give you a sketch of it."
And Sam saw everything turn black.

***
The riots were spreading contagiously. Professor Wang thought it fair to admit the inconvenience of his presence.
"I will go." He retorted angrily at one question of 'whether the drug wasn't a conspiracy?'
"Will it make us go wild or as some say, dead?"
"You racist rascal. I spent five years of research on this drug..." He excused himself, already feeling sorry for his words.
Minutes later, one reporter followed him nonetheless to his residential room.
"Professor, I don't mean..."
He wanted to tell this man he wasn't the Professor. He was just...
"Professor, I need you to say the truth. Can this save the world?"









U-68
"No, it won't," Mike said to himself, "It won't work that way. I've got to tell someone."
Who was to be trusted?
Outside the sheriff's door, he knocked once.
"What brings you here?" the sheriff examined every last detail on him.
"I...I...want to tell you something sir. Something important."

*** 
"Train up, boy. Keep it up. Keep running. Keep it up son." 
"But I can't run anymore. I'm tired."
"Look at me Mike. When dad says it's possible, look at me, he means it. Do you know why he says so, because...dad believes in you, son."
But where was he now? 
He was far away. Too busy in the other world to be bothered by severe sobbings.

Who was to be trusted? Could he trust this man he barely knew as sheriff?
Was the race worth it?

A mischievous call interrupted. Mike breathed.
"Sheriff department. Who's this?"
"Sir, I'm in a desperate condition right now. I need your help. Please..."
"Where are you?"
"I'm not very sure...just please help..."
"I repeat...give me your identity..."
Mike was becoming worried.
"Steve. Steve Midorins, sir..." 
Then the call went off.










U-67
In the brink of a second, the limousine parked right outside Royal Hotel.
The door opened for General Putin. He'd never felt this at home in years.
At least not in a foreign country.
If he only stepped inside, for just one second...

"Sir, your brief case." A guard interrupted.
"Bring it in you rascal." 
By his quich steps, only five seconds remained to the hotel door.

Damn it. Damn it!

Bob looked on from his sniper riffle. Beads of sweat flowed down his face.
The temperature had risen over a second.
One.
Two.
Three...


***
Tic tac. Tic Tac. Tic Tac.
There was a shot.










U-66
Steve looked on from his hiding spot. 
It was behind a gabbage can. If only he would be discovered...
If only they'd intercepted his call...
The envelope he held contained everything he'd fought for in the past couple of days.
Was it worth a fight?
He remembered Liz. For a moment, he chose to shut off his worries, fearing they may ounce more panic.
"You don't need to panic," one time Miss Katrina had said, "There's another way out of this. Just keep your head clear. There's always a way out."

Which was the way out? In the midst of all this.
Suddenly he heard a sound behind him. When he turned to look, it was too late.

***
A hug.
"How did you find me?" 
"Guessed you'd be hiding behind somewhere. Remember, hide and seek."
"They're after me too Steve. These men..."
"Come on boys, we've got to flee this place if we are ever to make it out alive." The sheriff pointed towards the trees.
As they turned to leave, the sheriff fell down suddenly.
Two blood spots grazed the sheriff's chest.







U-65
No one appeared crazed like Junior. The Spaniards machineries were after him.
He now felt he had nothing to lose. With his partner dead, death was no longer a fear.
He drifted across the street traffic, the machineries shooting into his car. 
Just a few minutes...just a moment.
General Putin was just about to set the switch on, when the shot was fired.
It wheezed past the two guards, entering his fat belly, tearing past the muscles, a perfect circle at the front.
He dropped.
Dead.

***
"Why didn't they shoot at us?" 
"I don't know nothing. Nothing."
"How can you say so? You're...a..."
"Mike?"
Mike cried uncontrallably, "Gill is dead. He's d-e-a-d!"


***
"You can't take it away from us, old man?" The voice once more said, "We're gonna track you down, squeeze every last bit of hope out of you, till you'll be dead."
A shot of electric current woke him up. 
"Listen. We're shutting the whole system down. We're flying solo."










U-64
  "You tell him I'll be waiting for this new revelation soon enough." He was by all means shedding the cigar ash over.
"Notorious thief. I can't believe this rascal was given a meal for a single day."
"Now it's close to over. Look at me, surviving on no less than a devil's ass of a bread loaf. I've worked like a donkey for fifteen fucking years and no amigos has ever raised my wallet."
"Good for you atleast your wallet is still running. Mine is stolen and burnt all by the same thief."
"Hey wait," The sight before eluded both men, leaving behind their debates as they carried on after a brown coated being.
It seemed to move all the way slower whenever they slowed down, but never backing down as the pace increased.
For about three minutes, two shadows fell behind the morning soil, comprehending details of a figure whose shadow never touched the brown soils.
They moved as though under a spell, relieved never of the adjoining lung pain, an entrance of a huge gate they'd have sweared to be hell.
One of the guards shouted at the other saying as if unconscious of the very fact he was uttering, "Open up."
Soon, Jim and Timothy could only marvel at a huge steel-built metal hanging above in the courtyard of the green house.
It seemed as if huge ropes held it, from falling on whatever was placed beneath.
Jim shook when he looked at the basket underneath. He became conscious for a split second.
A guillotine!







U-63
Junior almost stood anticipating the taxi cab in front.
"Get the fuck off the way."A heavy skidding followed sending the pizza delivery guy opposite to trip over.
The left over coca cola can besides the passenger seat, 
would it be of any use?
One of the pursuing cars stopped in front of a passing vehicle and shot at the driver. Crowds gathered slowly as each one marvelled at the terrific speed at which a man was now bleeding too fast to catch his own breath.
One of the by standers who happened to be a doctor removed his coat and knelt before the victim who was resting with his face down.
No sooner had he done this than one of the body guards shook him off, threatening to have his head off.
"Just a doctor. Thought I could be of some help."
He produced a weak smile, an antagonistic stare in the eyes opposite, the more brilliant blink he'd ever performed shrinking further as the other guard chased away the remaining witnesses.
"What's your specialisation?"
"Third degree burns, lung problems and the like."
"Nothing you said matches with the situation at hand."
"Is he on life insurance." The doctor said pushing his way past.







U-62
"The game? You mean all this time..."
A brief silence followed, Steve was still wondering how Mike's anxiety could make things better.
"It's a government agency behind all this. I swear to you Mike. Someone put..."
Mike looked on from his teary eyes. A flock of white swan flew across the cloudy sky. The wind rustled past the tree branches. 
The ocean winds never subsided, and in their midst sailed one lonely boat, accompanied with another two whose sails were fading as the wind wore on.
"It's getting cold. There's an inn at the shores?"

***
"Not any I can think of," Steve kicked a stone, as he looked further into the now rising storm.
"It's about Liz," the apologetic smile was all he needed to baffle up his spirits, although it all went dark.
"Steve, you're one of the few people I can trust right now. I saw Gilbert fall through that room like a heavy drunkard, my uncle can't allow me home," He stopped, polishing the thought as it grabbed hold of his identity, "No, not after I have a 'Wanted' note on every street."
"But you know this all about me, right?"
It was a sad gesture, especially as the wind velocity increased massively sending their clothes, billowing against their skins.
"Alright, come with me. I've got to show you something."
The bar on the Northern end was a crack-pot, a situation its manager had expected to decay, though with the current mass production of liquor, he'd always wondered whether he was cheap or the beer itself.
For this day, so far he'd received three usual customers, Oldhead, Pump'lin, and another old friend, who appeared more regularly than the two.
The manager was himself all the bar. As some said, the bar was him.
"Who are those guys?"
"They are Mrs. Katrina's friends. Among the last of them, so far. Come on. Want to die cold?"








U-61
Junior drove half way across the street, he was now on the verge of death itself.
As he pulled out, he heard three shots.
"Damn!"
He ducked into an open gabbage truck, his pursuers taking to their car once more.
For once in his life, he feared.
A minute later, he was on the phone with a man whose voice he never wanted to hear.
"We set you up bro. There's nothing I could do about it." The snarl was even loud.
"Listen chief rascal. You set me in a trap but soon or later you'll find yourself in the exact trap."
For a moment, there was silence. Then a sound of rotating engines.
"You hear that son. I'm out of America. Out of every trouble you kids set up. See you...."
"You rascal." Do you how much I trusted you? Junior found his thoughts finishing the call, Have you got any idea how much shit you've dressed me in? 
No he wasn't aware.
In fact, he thought he had warned him.

***
If the thought had occured earlier, it would have been of no use, but now as he examined the two boys, his mind figuted.
"Do I know you?"
"Steve. Mrs Katrina's my sister." He hoped the creature in its huge robust head, accepted the lie.
"Well, I see. Who's he then?"
"Sir, we come in peace. We need your help."
The storm outside had picked up momentum, now caressing the soft branches with unusual ease.
Mike wondered where he would sleep this night.
"I'll show you to a room, then." The manager finally said. Steve was surprised to see him taller than Mrs Katrina had said. 
His broadshouldered figure did not skip Steve's eyes, although he wondered of the identity of the two men opposite.
He cared not to ask, his mundane thoughts concentrated on something minutely changing.
His life.







U-60
It didn't take long before he thought he was more foolish than the dark haired wide eyed rascals in front of him.
The brutality didn't surprise him any more than their spitting anger.
"Who you?" One said, his English evidently grotesque as the three others.
He marched with his thoughts down the street, thoughts as offensive as his own life.
"Bring the ladder." 

***
"So you're saying the chip was a stimulator?"
"Not the usual one though. It has the capability of encrypting deadly satellite MDW with data based on the exclusion principle."
"Exclusion? The kind where the leader dies if the rest don't?"
"But the leader is in this case unknown. Mike I've got the trigger. When the resource monitor notices any change in its temperature, I'll be gone."
Mike was considering asking him whether he was the leader, but the mere thought of a trigger chilled his soul.
"But how? How did you get..."
"Shh."
A couple of footsteps to have coupled outside would be an exaggeraion.
"You said we were safe here!" Mike whimpered.
"Bring the boys out Reagan." One voice outside said commandingly, "5000 grande, darn. That's a lot!"
"But I owe Katrina my life, Jim. A trust is secretive old friend. What's gat into you?"
The rest was a word scrabble. 
"We've got to check the nearest telecommunication site befoe midnight."
Mike gazed at the grandfather clock on the wall opposite. 
It read 8:00 p.m.








U-60
If she'd been a ghost, Victoria could have said her name. It had been three hours since she'd lost track of time itself.
"It's been four hours actually," the woman said, "They've gone."
"I don't understand."
"Good. Better get with it."
She not only hated this lady but the mere thought that she'd been neglected for that long, ceased to unsadden her.
"Whence are we going?"
"We're going to room A1 34."
"For what reason?"
The lady elbowed Victoria by the wall, "My brother is in trouble. I've but time to say shit to old women."
Ok. I'll get on with it then. Victoria thought.

***
"Where is the other cylinder?"
Victoria's eyes went dry.
"Where's the other cylinder?" 
She pointed to a room opposite they were in.
What have I got myself into?
"Stay here. I'll handle this."
Victoria got a glimpse through the corridor.










U-59
"Who is this? What is she doing here? Where does she stay? Who made her do it?" If it had been but another strangers' voice, only God knew who made that sound.
Yet fresh and futile, it pierced. It's sound resonating inside her as fear bounded her feeble heart.
Yet she died, before Victoria made eleven years. The fear and loss was fresh.
"You know the vault." A voice shouted from the corridor.
The vault happened to be an escape route. Her mother's voice whispered once more.
Who's she? What is she doing here?

***

I won't say for sure. Listen. We've better use the upper stairs before..." Steve turned to see a red clothed man behind him, some few breadth from him.
"Fool me and I'll cut your throat. Now!"
He turned, grabbing Steve's hands. When they turned the corridor, the man fell on his knees. Blood sputtering from his neck as Mike launched himself forward, clatching the shiny weapon devilishly.
"Let's go." They ran through yet another corridor, this was filled with a smell of nicortine, a smell so strong, they passed with their noses covered.
As they turned further to their left, this time on the final exit corridor, it wasn't a mistake for god's sake that someone was running behind them.
"Faster!" Steve gripped Mike's shoulder as they narrowed further away into light.









U-58
The time is now," One of the congressmen seated on the front row in rough German.
"Here me, sir. General Putin is down."
Four minutes later, a familiar voice greeted from the other side.
"General Putin has just been shot." the sniper whispered almost to a curse, as wind kept catching on.
"Tell me Bob. Who else is on that mission?" the voice answered completely ignoring Putin's case.
"I've got the shaman in my eye. Nothing out of bounds, yet I fear we may be losing men."
"Listen, continue with the fucking mission, and let us sort out the rest. I repeat. Wait for orders."
"Will that bring my family..." Back to me, Bob wanted to continue, in the dead silent mouthpiece.
If he'd said nothing nonetheless, he'd feared for his life. 
The idiots have my family.
Of course they do. A thought shouted. He wondered whether this mission would ever end, if at all.

***
"With whom do you want your professorship sir!"
"No one. Nothing to do with America."
"Your housing apartment, I'm sorry to remind you, is on lease. Your daughter's cancer bills are, should I say, flooding. I ask what kind of maniac would ever draft such an offer?"
"Not if you take that maniac in one of your prisons and give him poison to eat whilst his family suffers!" Professor Wang read his heart for a minute. He silenced his mouth, abandoning himself to thoughts.
Thoughts. 
"You I understand are stubborn but I'm giving you my offer once again. Take it or die shaman."

***
Outside the mob started to disperse. It had been getting dark, and so far, no one allegedly called the bogey man was surfacing. 
Bob zoomed and was surprised to see a pregnant mother on the front row.
Protesting.
Three buildings away as he looked on, a car parked near where Putin's body lay. The guards were immediately immobilised.
The walkie-talkie.
"Look, someone is stealing the body."
"Can you give your eyes something better to do?" 
"I see the Shaman."
"Order. Kill. I repeat. Kill"









U-57
Professor Wang for once in his adulthood felt hopeless. As the three men hurried past, thoughts kept rushing. Silence was killing him.
"What's the plan?" he heard one of them whispering. 
"The boy is on the port. My men say they've him."
"You've got the boy? Well then, why not just kill off this punk?"
"We still need him," the other voice replied. 

***
As Victoria hurried after the mysterious lady, she fell down, bruising her ankles. By the time she reached the parking lot, her skirt was torn to the knee.
"Where is she?"
The parking lot was empty save for one windowless car behind. There were tire screeches near her, an indication of a runaway car.
For some mysterious reason, she felt herself inclined to follow the hooting sound outside clutching to the old car with all skill.

***
"I'll tell you a story. One of a boy called Luck. He promised money to fish men, they drunk their savings waiting for this promise.
However when one of them came to ask for it, he found the boy dead." The story maker was their very capture, "It wasn't long before the other fishermen learnt of the mischief. All blame was on the first fisherman, who was hanged immediately.
After they had done so, another fisherman confessed having killed the boy, and he'd done so in revenge. He never wanted bringing bad luck to his friends, so he'd killed the boy."
"So, he was saving them from misfortune?"
"None of his friends thought it that way. His was a worse fate."
"I know you're doing this for our safety but I don't get it. Why would you help us?" Steve's question came from inquiry.
"You're just like Katrina then. Always asking. Never satisfied." The voice answering was more jovial and friendly.
"Aren't you supposed to be part of them?"
"Of course I was, but no longer I am. I am saving the dirty fishermen boys. Now who's bracelet is that?"










U-56

"What made you stick to the plan this time? Steve I don't trust this man?"
"We've got no choice. Perhaps, I don't have a map. If he gives us one, then we'll be done over with..."
"Boys, come here." In front of him, he lay three stones, each folded in rough paper-clips, "Here lies the secret!"
He opened one of the stone. To their amazement, it wasn't a stone. It was a shiny material with straight edges.
The yellow brilliance fell directly into Mike's eyes. 
"Wow!" 
"Is this a diamond cutter or diamond itself?"
"This is the ultimate secret," he said, a little impatient to their more surprise, "When this material is placed on sand, it can change texture."
"You're joking right."
"Oh. Try it out."    Mike looked at the wrapping as Steve carried the metal, his face still bathed in its brilliance.
"No, no, no. No." Their guide moved faster, closing the distance in between with a desperate rage, "You aren't supposed to touch on the metal. It'll burn your eyes."
"But it isn't." Steve attempt angered the man three-fold, in a desperate move, he lurched forward to grab the wrapping.
Unaware of Mike behind him, he rushed with all might.
Mike extended a foot before him, making the latter trip over with utmost ease. He fell heavily to his right, bruising both arm and knee, hsi chin grazing the silty loam, as the forehead skinned off.
Mike drenched on his back, Steve on his legs.
"Tell us who you are? Who are you working for?"
The man laughed. It was a sinister laugh, scornful as hell itself.
"They're coming after you. The fisherman always wins boys! hahaha!"









U-55
Suddenly a car parked a few perimeters away from their hiding spot. They had suffocated the imbecile, leaving less gap to escape themselves.
"Let's go!" Steve ran after in the stony ground, his thoughts wandering at their pursuer's aim.
"It's that way to it?"
"The telecommunication site? Come on. Run!"
The men searched the bar. They found three men, seated at the main counter.
"Where's the boy?"
"Hmm. Money first."
"I'll shoot you if you don't behave yourself."
We already knew that, Jim thought. AK 47's cocked. 
"You called us to tell come all the way to this goddamn place and you've got nothing?" The man in black motioned to his men, "Come on boys, Dreco will deal with those idiots."
The car drifted into the horizon. Jim for a second realised a failed plan.
"How in the world do you expect...?"
"Ears. There will have to be one hundred yards away in three minutes. I'm tired of working for Dreco." Jim said, pulling out a remote control.
"They'll already have reported to Dreco."
"That what? That they never got the boy. Who would Dreco believe. I'm gonna blow up their engine. We need to ambush Dreco, once and for all."
He pressed the red button.
One point three yards away, an engine collapsed.










U-54
IT took everything to realise how stupid he had missed.
The bullet left behind sparks, proof of death to the citizens who duly took their positions in fighting corruption; racing down the alley.
"Damn." Bob cocked, once again. This time he was sure a miss was out of question.
"What was that?" 
Damn! Bob was amidst a wealth of information, abreast of changing regulations, he could see his family smiling in the crowd.
They smiled and waved at him. They were indeed fantastic. 
Or were they?

***
"He missed?"
"Any CEO will agree this is the most stupid asset on market. An evil ill-skilled sniper. This is bull shit." The chief said, "I want him dead, you here me. Kill that idiot when it's all over."
"Sir, but his family..."
"Are you looking for some shit young man?" He held and spoke with all his might into the voice box, "When I say kill the damn sniper, I know the spelling, the article and adverb of what I just said. Now get your ass intact and get me through to Sam."
Yes sir. I'm taking you through to Sam. I'm almost there. I'm sorry?
His Russian skin did not betray the genuine anger behind him. It was an illusion he carried after a failed mission, a mark of honor he'd grown used to, that it marketed his name, infamously.
"Hello, is this Chief...?"
"Listen asshole, I've got zero time for bullshit. Tell me where Sam is right now or I'll blow your fucking skin."
"You've got the gutz to think I'll just late any ztupid American to ze make me ztupid offerz." Chief was surprised at the thickness of this idiot behind the line.
Never before had he met someone stupidier than him. 
He had to teach someone his name.











U-53
"I beg you Mr. Samson and Deliah and wife of Goliath. Wait, you were the wife of yourself, then Samson the great man in the Bible, then you married yourself."
Much to his horse-sense, the three toothed man in front of him laughed.
He was so happy and pleased with himself that for a moment, he seemed more of a clown than the mafia his team wanted him to be.
From firsthand experience in the field, Sam thought the third man who'd literally said nothing since, was their leader.

"Your name is Sam Clifton. You're a Chinese product. You're a person of great intergrity...Shit, do it again."
Hypnosis, Sam thought, smiling to himself as the idea occured to him.
"It's just hypnosis." He smiled. The three men looked at each other, their big noses curving. Even their leader raised his bald eyebrow.

***
Get in through the back. Steve looked on as the man hurled Mike into the boot.
"We've got nothing on us."
"Shut up. You can get the whole mission destroyed."
"What do you mean by 'whole mission destroyed' We've got to reach the tele-site before midnight."
"Just keep your mouth shut!" The man said and moved to the last scene of his recording.
"Where's the dead end in all this?"
"You can't see it," promised the man, as he extended the camera arm towards Steve. He pushed him onto the ground, smearing oil on his pants.
For a moment, he drew himself closer to the young boy, shifting his position to reach his behind. He removed his pants.
"Wait! Are you going to ruck me?"
"Not just ruck. I'm rucking and recording. Deal with it!"












U-52
Sister Matilda wandered over the church premises for close to one hour. She silently recited the rosary as the devil inside continued to baffle her. 
For once she had abandoned the thought in fear, someone may find out.
"Hail Mary mother of God..." She cut herself solemnly, her tears flowing on a figure ahead.
It at first looked as a tall shadow cast by brilliant lighting, its shape more wolf-like than humane.
"I've brought good news, Sister Matilda." A smile picked on the observation, as the owner of the voice, moved towards Matilda, his dark shadow shrinking as he moved forward.
He reached out his hand and caught the Sister's wet cheek.
"Tell me sister, when was the last time you went for a vacation."
 But she was silent. She lay unconscious on the ground as her murderer squeezed the last life out of her, the rope clenched within his fists.
The smile on his face, the fanacism in his eyes, the devilish anger on his soul.
Sister Matilda died slowly, life squeezed out every passing second.










U-51
"I never brought a dollar on me Mie. Forgive me!" Ying Jie said to an old beggar by that name who lay on the sides with his torn mattress.
Seconds later, he was at his small office waiting for a report on the eccentric papers they'd debated on. He disliked the latter aspect- the pace with which the academicians were handling things.
He now picked up his phone.
"Hello, yeah it's Jie....Who's this?....What?....She's dead....Are you saying the lady I gave someone killed the only..."
He looked at his watch. It was a half past six in the evening.
He doubted the caller ID although having the documents stolen was something he'd never anticipated. Never.
His rage found him at the old newspapers beside his desk, throwing them all over the floor; sweeping the calculator away too.
Darn.










U-50
Steve pulled himself from the ground when it was done. He felt angry and surprised both at the same rate.
"What's your friend's name?" The man said, zipping his short.
Steve turned around and looked straight into the man's eyes. For a close second, he felt a familiarity with him. 
He pulled out a switch from his pocket.
"Burn in hell," He said as the man ran amok, with his clothes on fire.
Steve got into the car, driving it momentarily towards the narrow deserted road. He felt a burning desire for the tower.

***
It wasn't long before he felt something pierce his left arm. He turned in agony, instictively swerving his pistol at the direction, shooting blindly at the offender.
He came face to face with his boss. For the second time in his life, Bob felt a rising fear inside him as behind him, stood his wife, their daughter and their family dog.
Blackness and void turned to alude him from this reality.
But it never faded away, for as he felt unconsciously drifting into darkness, he heard a shot being fired, and a shout from Gabriel- his only daughter.










U-49
"Who's this supposed to mean, my men are working on the case, you surely don't understand the ideals well, do you?"
Assurance of speech with its lies never made him happy. His face was darker than yesterday, and the day before that.
The man in front of him seemed a complete dummy or else one with his brains split. He took a cigar from his wallet, looking at the offender periodically, blowing smoke into a cold numb-air.
"Chief, the idiots at the ocean lost the boy. If he gets to any communication site, you..."
"Enough. Enough." Chief spat, his hair was wrong all sides, his tuft voice well suited to a failed mission, and so were his dark eyes which never winked after that emergency flight.
He took mother and daughter alike, putting them on the balcony edge. With a moment's thought, he felt the need to get rid of them.
But first....

***
"You can't just keep telling me the transmission lines and stuff are the reason I had to go through all this. Steve explain something to me. Please."
Steve spit outside the car window. He turned to speak, before ghosting himself back into driver attention.
"If by that you mean alcohol, I definitely stopped three weeks ago."
"Go to meetings." Mike said, understanding the proverb instinctively.
"Not really." How would he say it? 
"Oh. Steve, there's someone there." Mike was pointing to a secluded woody tree.  










U-48
He looked at his shoes, which tuttered as they were were still wet with blood. Four men lay dead at his feet. He wondered whether the police would find the fifth man in the cupboard.
In less than a minute, he was surprised by his own skill and vigor.
He checked his bracelet and it made him all the more happy. Whatever he had found in that old hospital was really powerful.
His left foot kicked into the third silent man, he smiled as he made his way past, nodding more compliments as he made it to the entrance.
"The boy." He said to himself, finally fitting the jig-saw together.
Could the chief ever know what happened? Need he?
"That lazy lean pig!"
Instinctively, he boardered a yellow taxi with red stripes, its color reminded him of an old tie he bought from Thailand.
"It's $10!"
For ten bucks, he got to the transmission line, a few yards away from the bustle of noise, barely a sister industry to Coca-cola- specialists in sugared water.
But it was a firm, or some sort of conglomeratory avenue, Sam concluded, surprised to see the huge steel building with such tremendous success over the years.

He saw the boy with another 'boy'. Who is he? 
If he could get the chip in a matter of seconds,...
It was gonna be super easy, it's going to be so...or was it?

Mike insisted someone was following them. Steve cared nonetheless. If only he delivered that thing once and for all.
Had he not been told how he would see his sister if he only...
If only he went there. To this site.
Wasn't he here?











U-47
Bob resembled a corpse smeared with bull dung. His eyes were outgrown with bruises, his cheek bruised to the jaw. Intense pain manifested in his arm as he woke up.
But the sight before him pained him the more. His adrenaline rushed so fast he felt the beat in his heart.
A mere corpse he was. Nothing.
"We're celebrating New Year's Eve, three weeks from now." Someone said from behind him, "I think we need a sacrifice, a bloody sacrifice to sanctify our sins."
He looked from the cross thinking all the while whence to draw his focus.
It was his daughter's cross that centred his thoughts. 
Damn.
"On the count of three, we're gonna be killing each one of them. In less than three seconds..."
If it had been a goat whose throat they cut that first, then stabbed at its heart repeatedly, it was after all meat.
But no it wasn't meat. It was one black German shepherd. Its heart was taken out, as Bob looked on.
His dog minced in pain behind the sole-tape behind its mouth. 
Dead.









U-46 
Mike looked on excited. He never knew what to do now that he was seeing it all happen that first.
Steve had climbed up the steep stairs, willowing all the way to the old balcony.
Mike had seen a man come from behind him, tumbling into him. 
He went flooding into rage, as his arms struggled free of the muscular grasp of the hand. Then he felt it. 
A penis.
"Damn homo!"  He kicked and struggled in the sand with the savage beast.
Sam arrived to see the second boy struggling with a man. He recognised the face immediately, simply because of a simple tattoo on his forehead.
Damn idiot.
He rushed towards the duo.
Steve finally reached the balcony, unaware of the woes below.
If only I get closer...












U-45
The car he had hired was punctured, its seats were as cringy as the driver.
"Almost there." The latter said.
"Why shoot on the belly? It hurts you piece of shit."
"Sorry boss. I only wanted to convince Junior you were dead. That's all."
"Bring the sunscreen with you, these radiations won't stop themselves." He pointed at the mattress in the back, "Who the hell brought that in here? I need you three inside room within seconds. Now!"
His command echoed in the old dark building. He slapped one of the big men who stood waiting for an order.
"Go find any intruders punk."

***
Junior slid from his sleepless horror. The dream was to sweet to be true. In front was three peanut headed men with lean wasp waists, their hands deriliously thick palmed.
"Bring him in," said one of the men. Junior felt himself carried by the shoulder.
As he met the fist of another man, someone else spat on him. He said, "Amigos infidel."
Then someone else slapped him. This was indeed a horror dream- or was it?
He felt a burning razor on his neck. 
"I want you to say to your boss, 'I saw Putin murdered on Eleventh street.'"
Junior had to be slapped to the point of death for that to happen. 











U-44
The man who stood by Mike's side seemed friendly. He helped himself up.
"Mike. My name is Mike." 
"Well, Mike, there's something going on with your friend over there that you really want to know." He said anxiously pointing at Steve who stood with his back facing them.
Mike thought he was but another prankster from the sea men, yet escape was far from a possibility. As he looked at the man who'd tried to rape him on his right, something told him this wasn't much better a man he appeared to be.
Is trust a secret? Could he trust a stranger after all he'd been through?

Steve stood for some good minutes waiting for the download. So far 80 percent was done. The remaining was a plausible challenge.
Caught in thought, he pushed a chair accidentally knocking over the beer can on the table above.
A bandwagin effect, it set off triggers until an alarm was set on. The sound reached Sam as he stood with Mike, intuitively they ducked into the sand.
It wasn't an alarm. 
It was a bomb. 











U-43
"I'll tell you something about your mother. She was..."

He removed a bottle lid,  ticking a green slimy fluid onto a bruised leg. The owner willowed in agony.
"Who is my mother?" Mike said, half-heartedly expecting a joke about how she went to America as a spy.
"Your mother is...she's," he said after a moment's struggle, "Is dead."
"I...I..."
"Listen sir, whatever your name is, we've been from...Argh," Steve cried from his wounds.
"Take some rest. It's now all over." Sam said, wishing the words to sink in faster.
"Over? Is that all? My mother dies; Then someone with a dull head tells me it's over. You'd be better off a preacher." Although he felt no need to cry, tears thumped on his face.
"I didn't say dead as in the word. She's on a mission for the British. You," he looked at Steve, who had a bad memory of someone calling him by a clause, "You're the only one who can save her?"
He took a ruler to look outside, continuing his conversation, addressing himself more than he pleased.
"You're called Marcus. Not Mike. Your mother Jude sent me." Sam said, his lips quivering as he pronounced mother, making it count.
As always.











U-42
"You're saying my mother is alive. Are you serious about this?" Mike was excited.
"Yes, but we can save her. If he only listens to a word I have to say." Sam pointed at Steve who lay on the mat, senseless.
"You take this recording," Sam said, drawing a small blue mp3 player from his pocket.
"How can we trust you?"
As if these words needed no answer, a gun shot fired at them. 
Before long, bullets flew past them as though they were but a dark storm. The single room was not a place to shield oneself.
Not for long.
"Move," Sam shouted, pulling out his pistol as he fired at the enemy.
Or enemies?
Sam unscrewed an underground cover at the corner of the room. He felt his muscles wincing in pain as he pulled the heavy metal lid. He got the best of the pain aches, as Mike slid a tree branch leveraging as he pushed.
Finally it opened half-way. Mike could hear steps outside kicking at the door. 
As he shifted his strength to help Steve into the downward tunnel, Sam saw the intruders working their way past the door.
The door camera didn't lie.
"Listen to me," he said after seeing Mike way down the bunker, "You may find some information down there that may be of help. It's a green book on the third shelf. Follow the tunnel then to the end. Someone will be waiting. Now go!" He said, closing the lid.
"Hey, what about you?" Mike asked, sincere gratitude in his eyes.
The answer he received was a sacrifice.
For Sam closed the lid shut, concealing it as before, after which he ran towards the intruders.
Mile felt hopeless. 












U-41
Now that he had seen for himself what stupidity could do, the same vague original thinking took over.
Wound-up in a white shirt, in lazy pyjamas, and a blue tie, Wang followed through a narrow street, having lost a billions' worth of a formula.
"But I'm alive." He looked from either side of the crowded street. No one, he thought, could jeopardise his life anymore.
He felt free at last. Free and wild. He embraced the cold air- rhyming with delight, his face beaming with pride.
A pride too fresh to kill.

***
The source of his freedom was a broken window pane, or in particular a lady. 
"How could you, Jie?"
But these were mere spittle, in accordance with the blows she was to receive, if not her life.

***
Bob could not take it anymore. Seeing his dog die in such pain, he knew there was nothing to save his daughter, his wife being no exception, too!
The last word his ears picked as he flew through the air, was a strong shouting emotional well-timed, no.
The same word his trainer at the army infantry had used to mistreat him. The same word that dominated much of his childhood- abuses from a step-mother.
Abuses from...
But it was too late to think over all these thoughts.
Gabriel came to the edge of the building but she was immediately caught back, the five men catching her mother as well.
Bob had committed suicide.









U-40
There was no one as busy as Mike as he came sobbing down the tunnel. First dim lights were turned on from the far side of the dark tunnel.
As he examined the lamp bowls, it surprised him to find still full.
As if...
As if someone was  here.
"Where is he?" Steve asked sleepily, as he rose. His back ached, and his joints flexed.
"Steve, I hear someone. Shh." The sound sauntered over some distance ahead of them. 
A cringing sound next just on their left, as though made by the rushing wind, though in its constant direction, such a possibility was plausible.

They turned to face a...
"Gilbert?"









U-39
Such a thing was surprising. How could it even be spoken of? That a mysterious event, apprehended their sight.
No way, Chief thought, He isn't dead.
He turned to face one of his men. 
"Go confirm he's dead." He shouted as the latter ran down the stairs towards the ground floor.
 Gabriel whimpered in her mother's lap, who gently caressed her back as she held down her tears.
If only she'd known...
"What is there to know? A suicidal?" Chief blurted at the remaining men, "Go clean up this shit, before the NYPD report like any stupid law enforcer would do."
Now timing their return, he expected but fear in  those eyes. 
"I don't give a shit about your dog, about your husband, about any pussycat you call daughter. I don't give any shit. You can as well jump over this balcony." He moved away from them, landing on the stairs in a flying rage towards the parking lot.
Gabriel held her mother tightly.









U-38
For a moment, Mike thought he was doing the right thing asking, "Gilbert?"
Even Steve stood in awe, excited as he smiled widely.
"Gilbert is that you?"
Gilbert never said anything as per say. He kept a large part of his manners with him, waiting their anxiety to dehydrate.
"I thought you were dead. I carried you...I...I.."
"I understand Mike. But don't come closer. The radiations in here can kill you within an instant."
"You aren't Gilbert, are you?"
Gilbert kept talking squabbles to himself, his radiance making him appear a ghost, as much as Steve could believe.
"I am not Gilbert, but that's not the point. The reason I've used his identity is so that you may remain in a higher emotional state. Low energies aren't good for someone like you," the Not-Gilbert personnel pointed at Steve, whose smile had dropped ever since.
"Are you the one who was being talked about?"
"Yes!"
"What are you here to do?"
"I first of all need that recording. I'm going to tell you everything."








U-37
"Who are you?" Chief asked, his tone denying him the dignity he had once cherished.
"I've something you may find useful...a panga."
Chief screamed a thousand times as a shiny sharp panga butchered his legs, off.
Then it went for the hands, the knees and the eyes. 
"I have something waiting for you, Chief. We're  so tired of idiots like you." And then it went for the head.
The chief's eyes saw their last image on earth.
It was a grim face of someone who had died. Someone from hell. Someone called Bob.

***
Mike looked at Steve, who lay surprised as well at this introduction.
"You mean to say this has something to do with the game. Are you saying we..."
"Play the recording. Deal with your emotions later or die. We don't have much time. I'd tell you a certain agency is launching missiles towards this location in a thirty minutes' time, but I can't."
The not-Gilbert, not-a-person being disappeared once more into thin air before projecting itself behind a wide screen, with the recording.
He hit the play button. 








U-36
If you're reading this, then just know I'm alive. This far, I'll start from liberating your mind from strife, as I have always done for many that I love. For those that I love, I keep in my blossom. 
Now Mike, I am not supposed to express my narrow feelings on the matter. Just know I love you." 
The recording stopped at this message, the I love you said as if in a rush.
From what? 
"I don't get it." Mike said.
"It's called backward decording. A government spy agency program to make your life hackable, I would say.
"I am Denis, a compliance computer edited by I was created as a seperate identity able to manipulate through AI. I can do much more than taking on your friend's identity."
Denis continied, "I passed the Turing Test, one in a million times considered the hardest. So, can you trust me? Of course. The course of events is changing rapidly. Steve don't dare activate that pin again. It may silence all digital material for twenty four hours. In that time, I won't be of use."
Mike could feel the ground beneath him shaking.
"A misile, RUN!"
They went through the long tunnel, rummaging over things as they went. 
Steve had regained consciousness in the meantime as they hurried. He wondered whether he knew what to do.
Why he was doing what he did. Whether he was acting the way he was supposed to or forced.
And most of all, what was the importance of it all?













U-35
"The 80 percent you uploaded of the files inside that 
chip awoke these silent A1 34 prototypes. They are programmed to kill within a millimeter radius."
"But wait, that doesn't make any sense. Can they harm their owner."
"If by owner you mean the one who woke them, I'd say yes. They have the intelligence to distinguish maker from 'owner'" Denis said as they unlocked a massacre door to their right, entering a cyberspace.
"What's this place?"
"Cyber-room 34. This is where they construct prototypes like me. I'm one of the guardians of this place."
"But you disobeyed orders right."
"I wouldn't say that if I were you and still alive. But who cares, the system has already been breached. I detected a threat from our creator."
"You don't mean to say you have a more than Artificial Intelligence." Mike said, examining the blue prints handed to him.
"Those are what we'll be using for the system shutdown. We'll be able to communicate with the major threat signals from the American 34 satellite."
"Why does everything have to do with 34?" Steve was now on his butt, admiring the thick structures technically designed to perfection.
Inside was a room filled with laboratory gadgets he had never watched in his life.
"Stop playing with..." Mike laughed as gum balls hit Denis on the nose. His face turned red.

"Alright," Denis said, "We have to get the system up and running before they detect us. My brother is much smarter than me. And he's working for them, though he's at a hospital. So far away."
"Brother?" The idea struck Steve to melancholy.
"Built-rotational-home-edited-resource?" Denis quizzed, "We're too late. Steve you know better."










U-34
Within four minutes a car parked inside one of Gek Laboratory. Inside came out a man dressed in a flowing white suit, huge sun glasses blocking the cold stare of the statues outside.
He moved rapidly, briefcase in hand, towards the laboratory. Entry was adeptly furnished.
Two Chinese scientists lay on the ground. Dead.
He moved to the main testing and pharmacy centre, a white-washed room, with dozens of machines, microscopes and forensic research items.
"Where's Doctor Simeon?" He asked the nurse he found there.
"In his study room. How may we help you sir?"
I don't need your help. The silencer seemed to say, as she dropped dead onto the floor, her works and brains gone with her to the grave.
Doctor Simeon had a fine touch of grey to his temples. His eyes were staring behind a microscope, maiking his bent neck stand out more. 
His was a full stocked library, with hundreds of research papers and books.
"Doctor Simeon," said the Assassin, as he pulled the brief case closer.
"Guards!" Was the first word to come from his mouth, then, "How did you come in?"
The Assassin continued his work, undisturbed by the questioning, his focus never whimpered.
He brought out a syringe, handing it to the scared Doctor, a pistol behind the latter.
"What is this?"
"It's a vaccine. That's all you need to know."
Doctor Simeon couldn't be any better remembering the last time he had done the state's dirty work.







U-33
Meanwhile, UNDERGROUND.
"We're the same as it was the previous day. America is using silence and deceit as the past generations have always done, to conquer not only its dangerous enemies but also to become supreme." General Putin said, in an over-rehearsed voice.
The three to four dozen men in front of him were the very people who had been supporting Sam during the meeting earlier on.
None had changed their clowny ties and black suits. The only thing that had changed were their smiles, which they now wore plastically on any idea the General put forward.
"Now is the time we get independence. If we can get our vaccine circulated among nations, we will not only get richer but also decrease our enemies prowess
Gentlemen, this is where I ask you to prepare your lives to this ceremonious proeceeding as we battle to take maximum control over all."
Shouts proceeded. Hand claps as civilised as they appeared, then shouts mundane as savage as their leader's speech.









U-32

"They're releasing the vaccine at anytime. You don't know what that will do to your bodies."
"Premature growth I'd wagger." Mike said, still working at the blue prints, whose sequence was more complex than the Horos game he had built.
"Not only that. You will have your babies grow so fast that they'll appear adults before they even make fifteen. In accordance, they want to have a mentally retarded population."
"But these plans are just conspiracies. Just like the Illuminati. I mean, Denis, you don't believe everything you're programmed to think, now do you?" He'd dropped the third blue print, examining the encoded language on the fourth.
"What you don;t understand, they're promoting a Satanic system right now. It's best on their Satanist program encoded in the first outright games.
They were few in a million and only occured when the need to expose a secret by a programmer was initiated."
"How does any of this relate to anything like where we are? What we're doing here, and above all the issue of all this? Me and Mike were attacked by men in black. Why?"
"I ask, did you try reprogram anything, like a game?"
"Bael? Yes, but we didn't. We were..."
"It's the reason you're being followed," Denis said pulling out a compact disc from the drawer.
Immediately, alarms went on.







U-31
He was used to this already. 
"Don't panic, they're just surveillance alarms. They'll go off soon."
"Where are we?" Steve found himself asking, his eyes never falling from the strange stone-walls around him.
"Underneath a  2700-acre redwood forest in northern California located about an hour north of San Francisco in a small town named Monte Rio! Does that make you feel better?"
Mike stood motionless, never regarding the possibility.
"Are you literally saying...we're underneath the Bohemian Grove?"
Denis had finished with the blue prints, as he bundled them inside a small drawer.
"We have to get to the hospital in time, or everyone dies." He said, clearly ignoring Mike's curiosity.

***
Doctor Simeon examined the drug, extracting small samples and matching the results with the data he had on the computer.
"When is it finishing?"
"Give me two days."
"One day then." The Assassin picked his now empty brief-case, as he left the doctor assigned to his thoughts, "I have the big brother eye!" He warned.






U-30
"When everything is over, we will be happy, extravagantly rich, wealthy,ladies, every comfort a man desires will be in our midst. We're satanists!"
A great uproar mightier than expected of a dozen old men, filled the bunker.
"We are not ruled by religion or such opinions of the masses. We're not to designate to fear in avoidance of an old religion that only haunts human progress. 
We're satanists because we follow our desires. Our lust is impegnable, our money is filthy though still money. Drugs can cure diseases but not human folly."
When the uproar had subsided, the men put their ties aside, wincing black gowns that adorned the ward-robe.


***
Junior looked from his prison as he saw those he thought way advanced in power coming and going over his cell.
For a moment, he renounced what he was seeing. They come as ties, went as robes.
Finding a small hole to peep through, it didn't take long before he saw General Putin.
The thought was deafeningly horrible. 
Why were they putting on black attire? he wondered.





U-29
"We're almost there. Once we get the vaccine, we change identity. As soon as we find out who is holding out these wicked plans, we eliminate them totally." Denis was sounding human than robotic. 
No wonder his bodily appearance was more humane than a robot would be.
"Yes, and Steve remember Bael, can you give a brief outsketch of the reprogram." Mike said.
"Simple: Step one was getting the system to activate the arcade mode whenever you killed a villain. And step two: if the villain was stronger, it would deactivate all his resources, and make you win without further battle indulgences." 
"Well, then Denis, any plans how to deactivate enemy entry points."
"They're strong." said Denis, as he examined the helicopter they were to board, "First of all, they've three big satellites capable of identifying a target within eight millimeter radius."
"English please!" 
"Here's what I think may deactivate these satellites. If we go through the hospital away from Gek labs in Carlifonia, then they won't detect us.
But then we might have a problem with the system police at room A1 34."








U-28
"I don't understand," Mike said when the helicopter stood aloof the red forest, "I thought you said we aren't meant to travel hidden."
"Emerson Hospital  has been the major programming centre so far. If we get to that room, we will stand a chance of meeting not only the ghost programmers, but also access points, before anyone switches it off that is."
The wind was entering forcefully through to them, communicating via voice was forceful.
"Wait, but why not just shut down the research centre at Emerson Public Hospital? Why did they have to risk blowing themselves up?"
"They have a hope they will win. If that happens, they'd have wasted much of their resources. That centre cost about a quarter of U.S military budget last year. They're afraid so many chaos may still haunt America due to this."
"But it isn't about the money, I'll say," Steve shouted from his headphones, as the helicopter took a left turn, winding through a Northerly direction before skidding West, "If Denis you are correct, a quarter of this budget would be a mere tenth of what the military spends on gadgets and inventory."
But Denis was checking his iPod. 
"Mike, keep distance."
Distance wasn't communicated to the military tank underneath. They had a missile on their tails.
The helicopter hovered, as Denis ducked the engine controls, afraid of an explosion. 
Within seconds, they were escaping once more.
Narrowly.








U-27
"We have this place made for the mentally disabled. We can't keep sending down dangerous tactic weapons here. It's too deadly. These readiations for God's sake."
"I'm not saying anything out of the ordinary. you've worked here for close to fifty years, if not more. You probably know these aren't poets or the like. They don't act on emotion in simple English."
"But you'll do something won't you?" Victoria asked puzzled by the utmost focus the young lady possessed.
Victoria was wondering whether that room would be revealed as deadly, for God's sake. In her profession years, she had proclaimed radiations even as minutely exposed as the Xrays, were dangerous to the skin cells.
"It doesn't matter. I support the old way of life. If only those boys in WW1 had left those uranium, those deadly elements in peace! If only the world sees the dangers of these radiations to human life."
"But you'll die one day, won't you?" the young lady said.
Victoria looked at her as she finished packing her everything she needed.
"Is that all you're taking?" Victoria asked, surprised.
"My name is Liz, you now know. Nice meeting you, madam Victoria!" She waved as she took through the other corridor.










U-26
Doctor Simeon was surprised to see the man he had told to be back in a day's time, now standing before him, barely three hours before ther last meeting.
"Listen, abort the heinous product. I don't trust you."
"If by that you mean my chemical analysis is devoid of error, then..."
"You speak too much, that's your problem." For once, Simeon saw his death warranty in that smile, "Do as you're told, get the shit done, we pay. We pay for your shit." He stormed through the papers on Dr. Simeon's desk, looking for something out of reach.
He paused to examine the same thing he had thought immune to inspection three missions past.
"They are just JPH research centre documents- only pamphlets?" Doctor Simeon cared not for their value, but the hands which held them scared him the most.
Now two days, he hadn't sent the papers as he had been told. But the accompanying reason was that another government deal had been hacked into him.
"That makes no sense, Doctor. No sense." By all estimates, the Chief wouldn't be happy. 
But now the man in front of him.
"The serum is near completion. I have run three tests on the virus andit shows a genetic mutation twenty million times greater than the HIV virus. I promise if you give me this day, I'll have refuted its malleability to suit this new project."
The Assassin once more checked his watch, glooming in the papers he now pocketed. He showed Simeon a video of a Sikorsky S61N helicopter hovering over the Emerson Public Hospital.
"We've got uninvited guests," he said, thickening his jaws, "I need total fast compliance. We're weakened already by the death of Chief."
He moved out, leaving three security personnel guarding Simeon, his thoughts and the laboratory itself.
Chief is dead?!








U-25
The landing was horrible, a near suicide mission in itself. Mike was the first to move out, a big neon sign greeted him:
EMERSON PUBLIC HOSPITAL
"Let's go!" Shouted Denis as they ran towards the entrance. 
Steve still limpered in his wounds, though the pain-killers he'd taken, coupled with his eager to get well, uplifted his spirit, easing the pain.
They reached the entrance covered in orange suits, a protection measure Denis had taken before hand, well aware of the radiations.
"Alright, first stop!" They stopped long enough to hear well timed footsteps down the hole.
These were followed with the sound of a bird or something, howling as though in a flight. 
"Go!" Denis said as he guarded the entrance to look at watch out for intruders.
He was still unsure of who was the real enemy. It seemed those he had regarded as friends were in fact enemies.
"Denis, you gotta see this!" Steve pointed anxiously into a room, with Mike already wondering at the sight before him.

"Detective Jim? Timothy?" Mike thumbed his nose, the smell penetrating his nose.
"They're frozen."
"By who?"
Denis looked at them, "The ghost."









U-24
A quick flash of light whizzed past them, sending them running amok in terror, each seperating ways from the other.
For a moment, Mike saw the dark, untailored eyed, bony structure. 
He had fallen down, Denis was nowhere to be seen. Not even Steve was in sight.
He called in anxiety. He saw death approaching fast.
Fast indeed, he felt the danger of being alone. The sound in his voice was making him weaker.
Without a word spoken, his instincts took over. He felt himself standing up, walking towards the creature.
"No. No." His mind was resisting. He found his knees bending, his hands pulling past his resistance shooting for the sky. 
His eyes turned blue, to his upmost surprise, and he shoot at the creature, which guarded the blows he gave.
It kept skipping each and every blow he sent. Then he thought, "I can do this better!"
Immediately the thought manifested as a powerful insulin charge, an immediate manifestation of strength.
With one blow, the creature fell several yards from him, before dashing into thin air.

***
But this was a dream his mind had cooked to make up for the pain he was going through.
The creature had cut his chest open, checking every organ hitherto.







U-23
When Steve finally found him, he wasn't sure what to do but shout.
When Denis arrived, Mike had lost too much blood. He was slowly reclining to death.
"It's called sleep-rennaissance," Denis said as he examined the body, "There's nothing we can do about it. He's gone, Steve. He's gone."
It was at this moment that a heinous sound as though the flight of a bird, once again captivated the air.
"It's here." 
"Can't you fight it?" Steve looked at Denis' robust structure but then lost all conviction.
Denis was utterly not a warrior robot. 
"I'll thwart its attention so you go to that room and complete the mission. Place the chip inside as planned. Be careful, ghosts can take on any shape they can to manipulate you! Don't say anything to them."
Denis then for once activated the self destruction mechanism. 
He could see pain in his friend's heart, but unless he blew up the centre, more lives were about to be lost tonight.
"Go now!" Denis growled as he watched the ghost run towards him full speed. He did not care to move neither did he skip to the other side of the room.








U-22
The first person he met in room A1 34 was a hallucination. He took him to every deduction of his mind.
For a moment, he felt a resurging, an assurance that it was him.
Now this was Mike. He felt a burning desire to shout in joy, but he kept his spirits about him.
It couldn't be a ghost. Never.
"Are you not going to say anything? Just like that. You see me alive and you decide to keep your mouth shut. How bossy of you Stefan?"
For a moment Steve's want to break the spell was incomplete. 
He was just about to say, "I'm sorry!" when a voice shouted inside him, "That's not your name." He could hear Denis' voice shouting, "Be careful...They can take on any shape...manipulate."
But yet Steve wondered how it kept staring at him, never attacking.
He felt the chip inside his skin, his yellow suit bouncing off radiations from the uranium cylinders.
Finally reaching the ghost, Steve was standing with his back to the room opposite. The stareless gaze in the eyes in front of him scared him less. He released a gas cylinder opposite, placing it beneath the ghost making it stumble.
The pen he now had was ink-deficient. He wrote the address with the few drops and placed them under the cylinder as Denis had instructed him.
Finishing thus the act, the ghost disappeared immediately, leaving a vaporous fluid- a smell of rotten eggs.
"What have you just done?" A voice behind him said.








U-21
The ritual commenced in vigor as men stood before a  a giant 40-foot tall concrete statue of an owl. 
With something of an over-estimated influence, they discussed topics from politics, the vaccine, the current crisis.
"We need more than fifteen quarters of a billion if something of the sort is to be passed. The press is after every insolent plan we take."
"What did you think when you took that Chinese researcher? You expected people to keep numb, and shine your shoes, 'Blessed master Putin, long live. Take all of it!'"
"Gentlemen, we have three stakes at hand. If someone like Richard says this won't go well, then I think of a question. Why did we start this in the first place?" 
"You're the culpit Putin. We know nothing of the sort when it comes to your hasty ideas and opinions. Thus if you look at the current crisis, I think we did everything to get that formula."
"But he escaped, didn't he?" Another old man, said hysterically, "I don't think your agency is worth of recognition. Wang is now free and roaming.  
"If he gets out..."
In their midst, someone uncloaked his face, untied his belt and nose-balanced his spectacles.
He then wabbled into their front, like a king dressed for the occasion.
"I am Professor Wang, you've been all looking for." He said.







U-20
"Do you now believe me? I said I knew the whole plan in this!" Doctor Simeon cut a toad, and removed its tonsils. He then carefully placed them underneath a microscope.
As the Assassin watched, the tonsils disappeared, leaving but a fume.
"How is that even possible?" He asked, unable to hide his eager.
"It's called Genetic implant. This virus has the ability to inactivate and cell neutralise the host's body. Then it activates it, after implanting its own genetic materials. This form of incident is only possible if this virus has been evolving over the years."
"No. We just got it in two months ago." The Assassin attention turned to the toad, "Why did you leave leave it open?"
"Simply because it...ah..." Dr. Simeon lurched with his syringe at the man.
In one blind move, he cascaded for his throat.








U-19

Steve looked at the old lady behind farthom. 
"I'm Steve!" The introduction was fair enough for such a weak creature to dismiss, "Are you another ghost?"
"I would have attacked you already." Victoria joked admiring the bravery of the young man infront of him, "You came here all alone?"
"No. My friends..the ghosts...finished them."
"I suspect you are in deep trouble yourself. Come on. I was just moving out of the building. It's not safe here."
"I'm sorry, miss. I've got some duty to work upon," Victoria sighed, admiring the brave spirit once more.
"Alright, I'll leave you to  your work then." She paced out. Now that the government pension was awaiting, everything was ok. 
All right!
Meanwhile, Steve had cut the wrong wire.









U-18
For once, Denis looked at the creature without a move in place.
"Come die with me baby. Come on."
"You know I know you, don't you?" the creature said, taking on the shape of his creator, one Mark Zuckertem from Gek Labs, "I want you to be my servant once more."
"I'm not falling for that once more." Denis said, running towards the creature as it came with nearly the same speed.
"Denis, why have a stubborn heart?" 
He kept charging towards the beast, his whole strength, staggering every inch of elasticity.
When he reached the creature, he no longer felt himself alive. This was a software breech.
He screened his surroundings with the EMT monitor.
Suddenly he felt first the internal system going off, then his heart thumped out on him, leaving everything blank.
The self-destruction counter bipped 10 SECONDS.
9....
8....
7....






U-17
6....
5....
Steve felt a burning rush within him as the on-screen monitor was remaining with 15 percent to be done.
If only...
4....
He ran towards the chamber feeling the heat of the uranium beneath him.
3....
The long winding circuit power went off.
"Come on." Cringed Steve at the 10 percent remaining.
Then 2....
1.....





U-16
"You... how did you get here? How the hell did you get here?" General Putin was furiously pointing at the acclaimed Professor.
"My honor General Putin. My honor, gentlemen to be here with you in Carlifonia. I know it's rhetoric for a man who's lost everything to address such rich men like you. "
He cleaned his shirt, bending his back against the owl of Minnerva.
"I have nothing to say of this meeting but won't you agree with me that this isn't a right place to speak of such matters? This is a holy place, I believe."
General Putin was furious. With no guards to order about, he felt intimately angry at being intruded- his privacy. There was horse fury in those green eyes.
"Stop this mad man. All of you cannot apprehend his word. He's a rascal. He's a mad man."
The group was now divided, with some saying Wang deserved the right to speak, and others thinking it worthless for their dignity being intruded at the most sacred of places.
"Let him speak," one Richard said from the back stone on which he sat.
Soon, Putin was defenseless.
"Save me the disgrace of humiliating your little pride Mr. Putin. Gentlemen, you are about to hear lies and doctrines from an evil-minded rascal like myself. Lies you eat and sleep with every single day of your lives."





U-15
Victoria thought she was seeing a vision of hell erupting. A crowd soon gathered around her as countless strangers stood on EMERSON PUBLIC HOSPITAL as it blew up in a fazy fire.
For three full minutes, the whole sky above was filled with yellow crispy flames that exploded rapidly. 
They spread through the entrance area towards the exit block at the rear, sending black smoke into the air.
The immensity of the fire attracted an even bigger crowd as more people crowded the dispatch area, marvelling as they rumored.
Then there was silence, save for the constant mumble among strangers.
"I should have gone with him." Victoria told a pregnant mother standing next to her, "I should have saved that boy's life."
"It's alright!"
But no, it wasn't. The explosion erupted infinitely to a maxim. Window panes shuttered. Books went flying about as though thrown by a mysterious hand.
Then there was silence amongst the crowd. First, it was odd seeing a structure, that...
walked...
limped...
and....
"There he is!"
Steve?
"It's done," he finally said, wincing in pain, as he fell down unconscious, a minutes' reach from the crowd.





U-14
"I know of no greater impostor than this man right here. He says I'm a ghost? What does he knowabout ghosts?"
One man in his red robe, definitely of a higher rank in the club, stood up.
"Please Putin. It's time you left." He said, looking at the man who seemed displeased with his life.
"Are you going to trust him over me? Are you seriously doing that?"
"Yes," the man in red robes said, his voice confirmatory.
"Well then. I leave." He departed, his voice whimpering as he kicked the air about him.
"He's been programmed by a company here in Carlifonia, makers of the Bael game. He's on a mission to kill humankind. And you gentlemen have been invited here because of your influence in the nation.
This man is not the General Putin he claims to be. He's rather an impostor. A ghost."
There was a murmur, a constant rumbling Professor Wang dreaded would terminate his witness.





U-13
"When they found out they were running low on funds, they joined forces with former members of the Hill Billies camp here in Carlifonia and usually met to discuss such issues as wealth distribution. 
Yet this, gentlemen was not the intended plan of these men. I know most of you are in the Hill Billies camp but I worn you. I too was one such member of the group. I saw how they manipulated ideas for their own benefit.
I have been a member for close to fifteen years. I know why many of your faces are frowning but yes, these men are after their own objectives of mass destruction."
"But then, it makes no sense. Why would we have our money sent out across third world countries if it's being used for such purposes? It makes no sense. Why would anyone do such a thing?"
"It's called vaccination implants. In Genetical engineering, one can turn a slow growing food into a fast growing type.
Which by the way is good in itself until it was turned to us humans. Now I ask you. Do you want to have your sons mentally retarded, yet they're physically mature? This is not a thought. It's already happening.
In Carlifonia alone, genetically transplanted babies are on the rise. This money is got from large donations like Melinda and Bills Foundation, coorporations and many other donors, via such lies as 'saving the poor or protecting third world countries.'  Unless we keep our noses intact, we're losing out a third of our population to mental retardness.
In the near future, your children will be so technological based, that original thinking will detoriate."







U-12
Of the people who never listened to that speech was Victoria who stood standing at the foot of every obstacle, striving nesting the boy into life.
She wheezed for space as the crowd slowly dissipated into major groups each wandering in their own thoughts.
With the help of three more ladies who broke free from the crowd and knelt beside Victoria, Steve felt his lungs burning.
"Wake up!" Their voices vibrated. 
"Wake up Steve! Steve! Steve! Oh, my god. My brother." Victoria was surprised to see the lady she saw inside some time back, now crouching at the side.
She felt the pain of losing someone dear to her. Victoria could feel the pain too.

***
Steve saw a light at the end of the tunnel. The black void he saw himself drawn into was now collapsing on itself.
He felt being drawn closer and closer to a white being. It was calm here. Fresh. Smiles. All smiles.
Beautiful love beyond all expression. Radiant energy beamed this white being. 
Steve thought, and he knew the being could see his thought.
He could feel the ease of all his pain, fear, and all neglects drowning.
He was one with the light. For the light was him.





U-11
He had prepared for this moment, not a single second surprised when Putin-the disguised entity, came with a firing squad, all against the rules of the Bohemian grove.
The men took to their feet, throwing off their robes as they figgeted through the tall trees, hiding from the collapse of the decade.
Professor Wang, to Putin's surprise, stood with his pinky to the mouth.
As if to say, keep your mouth shut.
But from what?
The firing squad went after the Bill Hillies Camp members, a long journey they had to take as they flew for the now nude men.
"Afraid for your life, haa!" Behind these words was a machine gun, a physical protection from the fear that lingered on his heart.
"I've never been afraid." Professor Wang said, his elbows grazing his temples.
Putin fired at him but he was TOO LATE.
He disappeared into thin air.
Wang was gone.
And Putin could not believe his eyes at any moment.
NEVER!




U-10
A woman was standing at gun point. She looked on as one of the men came towards her.
A sexual instinct, she sensed.
They were three of them. As they looked upon her trying to get there...
"You can't do that! Come on guys!" One of the men said in Spanish.
"Seriodo mambo lasir!" said Jude, as the men barked off.
"What did you say?" 
"Seriodo mambo lasir, son of a bitch." It was a great move. 
Catching them by surprise, the first man closer to her received a massage to his eye brow, which sent him landing hard on the floor.
The perv was next with a sick blow to the groins.



U-9
"Who are you?" that was the third man's question, as he crawled on the ground.
"Well if you would like to know my name, why not first meet the devil?"
She fired.
A perfect headshot.
"Hey, Keith! Hallo." 
"He's dead. You hear that you piece of cocktail shit. I removed his intestines, ate them, smeared the blood on my face and ate his anus. How does that feel?"
"I know you didn't, Jude. We're coming after you. I promise..."
"Go fuck yourself." 
The dustbin opposite filled with a triplet of heads, and mutated legs, worked yet another day, storing a walkie talkie.
"We're coming after you. We will!" The voice squibbled inside.




U-8
For starters, General Putin was dead. But it was no longer a rumor that he was in a mental asylum.
Military guarded with heavy security to protect his legacy, entry was but impossible.
Recent conspiracy theorists claimed he was sacrificed in the Cremation of care.
"That's all faked." Senator McCarthy responded dramatically to such questions, deploying no further inquiry when such tales rebounced on radio stations, day after day.

For seniors, however, there was a long tunnel underneath that started at the cattle ranch of a very wealthy business tycoon.
His identity was never known, but he was said to be a short man, wide eyed. His voice arrogant, and he wore a black T-shirt on every single Friday!




U-7
If he was correct, Bob saw himself being dragged on a hospital mat. If this wasn't a hallucination, then before him, the treatment was working well on him.
His pain had subsided hitherto, his legs able to move freely as though made of soft fabric than the steel he felt earlier.
He saw a nurse running towards his direction. 
"I'm here! It's me. Bob." 
But Gabriel wasn't taking any of it. She ignored him completely and so did his wife, as they ran towards the emergency section.
He ran after them, whispering to himself that it was alright.
He was wondering whether his wife could no longer recognize his face.
Leave alone his body.
As he ran past them, he saw himself for the first time, lying on bed.
What an impostor! he thought, of the man who had taken of his skin, and worried his wife and daughter, and had fooled the whole staff.




U-6
THREE YEARS later, the first person he would remember seeing in that hospital bed was triumphantly Liz.
"Is he awake?" Said the nurse, drawing closer to Steve's bed, examining the sugar levels.
"He isn't." Liz said through tears, "He may never be."
The nurse old in age and understanding such things, put her notepad aside.
"It'll be alright. It's been now three years since. I know the pain dear. Come here," Victoria pulled the young lady closer to her, embracing her as any kind lady would do.
"Let's go. We're to check up on him later." The nurse said, picking up her pamphlet as they moved out of the hospital.
***
Immediately afterwards, an emergency hospital van remained outside parked in a horizontal direction.
Inside was a horrific monster, wearing a black mask. His head was barren, his teeth bruised. The eyes were raven-hanging, flesh drooling into an emotional arcade.

Saint Matthew was the witness of this act.





U-5
"No way. That won't be cool. No way dude. 'St. Matthew was the witness of the act?' Come on men. This ain't true."
"Yeah but the story plot indicates a kind of savior."
Liz moved towards the bed, seeing the two laughing with joy.
"I don't understand, why you put my character at the end. Why not make Steve for instance come back to life at the last scene."
"Yeah, we thought about that for a long time," said Gilbert, whose popcorn plate was empty, "But if life was all about happy endings, I don't think, we would have made it this far."
"Hope you're not saying that because you like me..."
Gilbert excused himself, catching Liz by the hand as they skidded via the doorway.




U-4
"Listen Liz, I know you're nice and stuff, but that's not a cool way to propose..."
"I wasn't proposing anything. You're the greatest punk I've met in my life.Come back here."
She pulled him on the sofa. Mike and Steve couldn't help but hear them rustling from bed to kitchen to the stairs.
"Let's do it the Satanist way....whooo!"

***
Within several months later, The Last Satanist was beaming on the game charts.
And so did come the critic reviews. Some complained bitterly about everything.
"She says it sucks. Go suck a balloon loser." Mike skipped through a million reviews.
Despite the success, he was still happily leaving in his parent's house. 



U-3
When they received a call from someone who said they worked for Java games, Mike of all people, was the most skeptical. 
It won't sell for more than a pencil's worth.
Further details of the meeting were sent to them on email, listing three great errors in their story plot.
*Errorneous characters
*Unconnected
*Unread
"We're done for!" said Mike, even Gilbert showed signs of pain.
"We're done for guys."
"Finish the letter." commanded Liz, as she peeped at the email.
"That you have lost a quarter of $ 30 million dollars on these mistakes. Communication and paper documents to be given later on."




U-2
"I think we need to do some editing and stuff."
"Come on Mike. We've just received ten million bucks for this game. It's fantastic."
"Steve, you're not getting the point are you? Many people are already complaining about its story plot. Alright let me show you something." he pulled out his iPad, "See all these critics."
"I know you're getting ahead of your time. You're a crazy perfectionist. Look, when we hit a billion downloads, that's when we shall think about that stuff.
"Who's with me? I'm going for a vacation?"
"Me....!" said Liz, before she cupped her beer.
"I would like to!" cried Steve.
"Mike?" 
"I will only if we do the editing sometime."
Gilbert stood, his huge body sinking beneath the wine bottles, "Alright then, on the count of three, I want everyone to be happy and say 'Miami!'"
One.
Two.
Three.
"Miami.............Miamiiiiiiii."
Mike was thinking to himself all the while.
"Editing. Editing. Editing...."




U-1 (short for only you!)
To say you're such a wonderful reader isn't a compliment.
It's a fact!
To persevere and enjoy yourself this far is enough to put a smile on my face. 




Be on the look-out for the ghost however. Last weekend I received an email from someone claiming to be a relative- Uncle Fred.
He wasn't.
He was just a ghost.





Looking for more fun, sorrow, pain, and yes, pleasure, try out these books in the last series by the same author; and see for yourself whether he deserves the million Quora views he claims to have.

The Last Virgin , co-authored with Jennings Tailor.
The Last Philosopher
The Last Philanthropist
The Last Christian
The Last American
The Last Genius


If you have a critic, review, anything- Emails are welcome at:
wakabikev@gmail.com







