The Fifth Sun
By Crystal Carroll
Copyright © 2012 Crystal Carroll
Smashwords edition: 9781301000784
All rights reserved. 
Discover other books by Crystal Carroll at crystal-carroll.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1: Hail and Well Met
Elizabeth --- York, Rose Castle --- 22 years old
It was a sad but true fact that hunting vampires was frequently boring and often involved a great deal of sitting in cemeteries. Elizabeth sat on her camp chair throne. Her royal posterior had grown numb with sitting. God’s Teeth, this was dull. It was a threadbare tapestry of tedium. A milk-and-water feast of monotony. A plodding platitudinous affliction of repetition.
She couldn’t think of a word dull enough for what this was.
Elizabeth kicked her sandaled heels and waited for Dickon of Norfolk to wake up from the grave into which he‘d crept to sleep away the hours of daylight. He was a sluggard this vampire. A sluggard and a Spanish spy. Then again, he had had a very heavy meal of three people before his sleep. She wondered if he’d be a handsome spy, but such had never been her luck. Her brother-in-law, King Felipe, always sent such plain vampires to creep about her kingdom.
She adjusted the folds of her classique-style dress and her crescent moon French hood. It was bit chilly to be dressed as a Greek goddess, but that was a sacrifice that she was willing to make. Plus, the pearl bodice showed off her trim waist.
The moon rose in the sky and more nothing happened.
Elizabeth could actually feel her flesh becoming boring. Feel herself melting into the chair, which would be unfortunate since it was an heirloom. The chair Richard sat on the night before Bosworth. Before his son, Edward, received the sacred snuffling kiss of the White Boar of Scotland that made him the next Hunter King. The night before there was a joined Kingdom of York and Scotland with young Edward its confused ruler—the selfsame kingdom that Elizabeth now ruled as Hunter Queen, drawn out of English exile by the same snuffling unchallengeable choice.
That’s it, focus on interesting things. A battle where a twelve-year-old was blessed with the strength to wield his father’s axe like some steel butterfly and decide the fate of nations. She could imagine herself there, dressed like the prophetess Deborah, or perhaps as Queen Boadicea. Although, given that Edward had fought Elizabeth’s grandfather at Bosworth, there would be some question as to what side she’d be on. Also, there was the whole issue of time magics being inordinately dangerous, unstable, and the cause of extremely frizzy hair. 
It was the year fifteen fifty-five and that was all there was for it. No time magics for the Queen. She was stuck here to the monotony of infinite tedium infinitum. Waiting.
Finally, hand pushed back the stone slab, followed by Dickon himself. He was not handsome. 
She smiled at the collared vampire. Elizabeth said, “Don’t you know that you should never keep a lady waiting?” Dickon lunged at her. She slid fluidly to one side and kicked him in the arse. Dickon stumbled and turned around.
“Tell me,” she said, as she held up a glittering stake, “does this weapon go with my outfit?” She danced forward and snapped a sharp kick to Dickon’s head. She said, “Don’t let the fact that I am about to kill you in any way interfere with your answer.”
“Bollocks,” said Dickon, who turned on his dirty heel and fled.
She ran across the tiny graveyard and quickly cornered Dickon by the old rectory. “Since you don’t like the stake, we’ll have to try something else.” Elizabeth tossed the jeweled stake at Dickon’s head. As he flinched, she pulled out the French rapier that she wore baldric-style on her back. It had sentimental value.
It was also very sharp. Of course. Feint, kick, lunge, and Dickon crumpled to the ground in the moonlight less his head. Although, technically his head fell also. Tumbled and rolled to the feet of young James Merriweather, one of her pages, who goggled at Sir Reginald, the head of Elizabeth’s guards. The guards quickly dressed her kill. They ripped open what was left of Dickon’s shirt and broke open his ribcage with a bone saw. Elizabeth made herself watch as a guard pulled out her trophy, the dying demon worm that had animated the vampire’s withered heart.
Elizabeth accepted the thing and held it up to the cheers of the crowd that waited outside the church yard gates.
“God bless and keep you, Your Majesty,” called out one old woman.
“As I have a Hunter’s body and heart,” said Elizabeth, “His blessings on us all.”
Elizabeth handed her rapier and the worm back to a guard. She said as heartily as she could, “God’s Teeth, I’m hungry. Don’t be standoffish, girl, hand me some chicken.” One of her maids scurried forward with a chicken leg and a lace-trimmed napkin. Elizabeth ate and waved at the crowds.
Elizabeth tossed her chicken bone over the low fence and into the crowd. There was a quick scramble for possession of this hungry relic.
She glanced sidelong. Her head of Council, Sir Cecil, looked like he’d eaten the chicken bone. She shook her head. “Oh, don’t hang back, my Spirit. What is it?”
Cecil stepped out from behind a particularly dyspeptic angel. “Your Majesty knows that I would never interfere in your sacred duties as the Hunter.”
“Piffle. Interference is your bread and butter. So? Was my style not like to Diana at the hunt? Was my justice not swift enough?”
Cecil smiled, “The safety of your kingdom lies between your two shoulders and in your heart. With portents pointing to some rising darkness, it was reckless to throw aside your weapon to make for a better show.”
She decided not to remind him who was Queen here. She rather thought the crown gave it away. “Yes, but my Lord of Council,” Elizabeth leaned forward, “I give a good show that my people might love me better,” and she waved once more at the crowd, who had waited for hours to have a good spot to watch their Queen hunt a vampire.
Elizabeth waved and the crowd cheered. Elizabeth blew them a kiss and they cheered all the more. Elizabeth glanced at Cecil and gave him the wink, and for all that her Spirit tried not to, he smiled.
Elizabeth glanced over her shoulder and pitched her voice up to carry over the sound of a guard hammering the dead worm to the church door as a sort of warning. “Men who seek to win me should not sit at home all day amongst the cinders but should, in time of peace, keep themselves employed in warlike exercise.”
The men of her court glanced at one another. Murmured amongst themselves like so many doves. 
She strolled to them, and her court parted before her. They awkwardly stumbled around graves. She walked over them. The dead wouldn’t mind. “Or perhaps in some quest like in the days of old.” There was a distinct murmur and Cecil turned a shade somewhat puce. She gave her winks to her suitors. Each in turn. “Perhaps a ruby apple from the garden of Hesperides. Or a coat of Basilisk skin.”
Kat, one of her ladies of the chamber, called out, “My lady, that’s not the sort of quest I send gentlemen on.” She laughed.
Blanche, another of her ladies, said, “We all know where you’d send them questing.” This set Kat to laughing all the more.
Elizabeth rolled her eyes at them. She waved to the huddled musicians. “Enough with melancholy tunes. We would have a galliard.” She looked around the graveyard. Her court grumbled. The crowd cheered.
“Dancing, Your Majesty?” asked Lord Heinrich, an emissary of the Emperor Charles of the Holy Roman Empire.
“Yes, steps arranged to music.” She spun on her toes. 
Lord Heinrich made a good attempt and said, “Your Majesty looks like a veritable angel.” 
Elizabeth said, “I’d rather you said that I looked like a Prince, for it is by my princely seat and kingly throne wherein God has constituted me.” 
She jumped in a rustle of fabric, feeling for a moment like flying. Then she was down to earth again.
 “Your Majesty ... is ... as ... radiant as ... a sum- ... summer’s day,” puffed the Duc de Montrachet, his plump face glistened under an unfortunately pink hat. 
“I could not possibly be more radiant than yourself, my Escargot,” said Elizabeth as she spun away.
“An excellent leap, Your Majesty,” said Sir Christian as his feet skimmed an inch above the ground. “If I may say, you are like a falcon in that dress.”
“However, unlike a falcon, I’ll not stoop,” said Elizabeth as she spun away.
Sir Robert Merriweather jumped and spun. He showed off his quick, light steps. “Your Majesty is particularly glowing this evening.”
She said, “Good sir, if you are trying to imply that I am rank with sweat, you have but to come out and say so.”
“Your Majesty is in a royal mood this evening,” said Merriweather.
“Then it is a good thing that I am royal,” said Elizabeth and she spun away. Danced her court amongst the crosses to the cheers of the crowd. She hadn't a care in the world. Perhaps this night, she'd be too tired for dreams.
Itz --- Rome, Vatican --- Sunset
In her dream, Itz poled her flat-boat through the flower market. Walked the sun-warmed streets at midnight when the jasmine bloomed.
Climbed the temple stairs to the Magician’s Gate. She could still smell the sweet stench of burning hearts. She’d looked in the stone mirror and knew something important.
She woke in her Old World bed and felt the collar of the captor around her throat. It was marked with the seal of Suleiman to make her obey the one who wore the ring that went with the collar. But her mistress was hundreds of miles away.
She took a moment for herself. Itz climbed the narrow stairs to her attic shrine.
It was small. She’d been on the move since Cortez had sent her back on that first treasure ship. There were no windows. No hearts. No blood.
Never blood. Her gods were as hungry as she was, but they were dead. Had never even existed.
She took care not to feed them.
She lit a candle in front of a tiny statue of Coatlicue, mother of the gods. Itz’d been sworn to her once. Her teacher, Imex, had given the statue to her long ago when the time came for Itz to sacrifice Imex to the new fire.
This last longest night, it would have been Itz’s turn. Her time to keep the wheel spinning. But Itz was alive, and the world went on.
Foolish world.
Foolish Itz.
The light of the tallow candle glimmered wet on Coatlicue’s serpent head. On her belt of hands and hearts. The demon worm inside her heart whispered in the language of her childhood. Once she’d thought it the child of a god that sent blood straight from her lips to the hearts of the gods. Now she knew better.
She blew out the candle from her other life. Left the jade statue in the dark. A false idol. Itz belonged to the Queen of France now. Wore an iron collar to make her do a Queen’s bidding.
Brushed dreams aside. Her mistress had sent her to Rome with certain objectives. She went into her parlor where a few friends from previous visits waited. A slight Roman complimented her attire, “Your codpiece is obscene.” He glanced back at his own reflection and plucked at his hose. “I wish I were so well dressed.”
Itz’s clothing broke three sumptuary laws and at least one ecclesiastical law. 
Itz said, “It is a wonderful world that has such boots in it. They make me feel like dominating small city states, but then I tell myself not to settle for anything less than the desolation of empires.” 
An old woman with a grandmother’s curls laughed. She knew which empire Itz wanted desolate. 
They fell to talking as friends do. Itz gave one friend a pouch to pay for wine to pour whispers on certain unloves. She gave another words to say as she lay with her patrons. Directions. Gossip. Itz listened too. Learned many interesting things. 
What she learned sent her on a trip. 
Itz stood in her doorway and took a deep breath that she did not need. Rome smelled like a city. All those warm unwashed bodies clustered together with their rotting fruit and meat and refuse. This morning, there had been a riot over grain supplies. The air still had a faint burnt smell. Out of the corner of her eye, she thought she saw a black winged butterfly make its way across the grey sky. She snapped open her sunshade, needed or not on this sullen grey day, and put fancies away.
The carriage rattled through Rome. The city smelled like despair. She breathed in deep and sighed when she arrived.
She climbed marble steps that were nothing like the pyramid in her dream. Men in red cassocks passed her. They fluttered. These men, these tall, silken conquerors.
Itz walked and men whispered. “Whore.” “Demon.” “Mistress.” “Vampire.” Words clung like a trail of perfume from heavy velvet and warmed flesh.
A nightingale sang or maybe it was a child crying. She imagined the child. Plump and juicy. She imagined the bird. Fragile bones that snapped. She imagined Rome burning and the world on fire. That might warm her up.
She walked deliberate and slow until she reached her destination.
She easily opened the heavy oak door. She was old, and she was strong, and ... she paused in the doorway, she was really quite vexed.
Her charge, ten year old Henri, the bitter apple of his mother’s Medici eye, spun like a top while wearing Itz’s favorite red dress.
The hem was filthy with mud. One sleeve torn. It hung loosely off the body of her new charge, the stone in her sack as his mother, Queen Catherine, threw them into the cesspool of Roman politics.
He flailed his arms as clerks clapped.
A clerk spotted her. He smiled nervously and said, “Good evening, Mistress Itz.” Didn’t even comment on her enormous codpiece.
Henri looked at Itz with dark, caustic boy’s eyes.
Itz shook her head. She had not asked for this.
A pretty mouthed cardinal licked his wet lips. “Mistress Itz.” He had the ear of the pope, stewed deep in his own petty wickedness, this pretty boy. He said, “I’d hoped to meet you. I’ve heard so much about you.” He offered her his hand.
She walked towards him in liquid slowness. “And I you.” She looked up at him. She looked up at all of them. These giant Europeans. But size really didn’t matter. She said softly so he’d have to bend, “Did you know that I was a priestess in New Spain before it was New Spain.”
“Heh, like I’m a priest.” He sucked on a winesack.
“Not exactly.” Itz smiled all her sharp teeth. “I drank the blood offerings to my goddess, serpent-headed Coatlicue.” Circled close enough to smell his rank breath. “Punished the unclean. Prepared myself as a sacred,” she brushed by him lightly, “vessel.”
Held his eyes. Hooked him on her string. Turned away. “However, I think we’ve wasted enough of your time.” She put her hand on Henri’s shoulder. “Come along, Henri.” 
He looked at her mulishly. “I don’t want to go.”
A clerk giggled and then hiccupped. Lovely. 
Itz did not waste time on a sigh. She picked up Henri and carried him from the room, which was hard to do with someone she wasn’t supposed to hurt. Like holding a serpent, but he had no idea where to strike.
He was however persistent. She loosened her grip when they came to the carriage and he wriggled away. Brat. Ran into the winding warren streets that ringed the Vatican. 
Itz did sigh then. Not that he was difficult to follow. She knew the scent of his blood. But still, she had better things to do.
She caught up to him in a crooked street. Under a crooked building. He’d fallen and skinned his knee. He had stolen her heaviest dress. She said, “Are you done?”
He rubbed his leg. “I don’t have to do what you say. Mother’s letter said that you have to love me and help me. But I don’t need your help.”
Which seemed the cue to summon three men waving ill kept knives. She looked for signs that they were from any of a dozen factions that would wish to kill them.
They didn’t seem to belong to anyone. Unusual.
The tallest, a Pigpen Slob growled in a manner unsuited to this great city. Also, his belly rumbled. The summer and its harvests had never come this year. Itz tilted her head to look at her attackers. Victims. She had a bad habit of stress eating. Still, here they were.  
Henri yelled, “You’d better leave us alone. My Itz is going to rip your hearts out and eat them.”
She reached out to grab the little idiot by the back of his collar, but Bloody Doublet grabbed Henri first. Held him by the neck and said, “Move and I kill him. Give us your purses.”
Henri squirmed and said, “My Itz is going to kill you all. Chop your heads off and pull out your brains and walk on them.” Really, where did he get these ideas. 
Bloody Doublet shook Henri and said, “Quiet.”
Henri looked at her desperately. She shook her head slightly. She stepped a little closer to them. Let them feel their superior height and numbers.
“Give us your gold,” said Bloody Doublet. Pigpen Slob tensed to spring. Pretty Boy lunged.
They were so slow. Young and not getting any older as she struck blows that cracked bones. It was once considered an honor amongst her people to fight the chosen vessel of the Gods, but Itz no longer cared about willing hearts. She killed as calm as the maelstrom. Found herself surrounded by corpses. Pigpen Slob’s heart in her hand. Hot blood on her lips. She tossed the heart away with a wet smack.
She held out her non-bloody hand to Henri.
Henri took the bloody one. Bloodthirsty, children and Gods.
They left the bodies behind.
Itz gripped Henri’s hand firmly until they reached her carriage. Handed inside by servants. Blood glued them together. Realized that her fingers dug tight. She made herself let go. They lurched forward. “I shall expect you to write an essay on Forethought by this evening.” 
Henri squirmed on his seat. She said, “What were you trying to accomplish? Wearing my dress and going to the Vatican of all places.”
Henri shrugged, his child’s chest thin in the low neckline of the dress. “You didn’t say not to. And you’re wearing men’s clothes!”
Itz looked at him thoughtfully. “Yes, my men’s clothes. And when you are an adult, you can get your own dresses. However, that doesn’t answer my question. Why are you here?”
Henri twitched in her favorite dress. “I don’t want you here.”
She tapped her fingers together. “You asked your mother for a vampire for your birthday.” She held out her hands. “Here I am.”
“I wanted a vampire I could tell what to do. Not one that tells me what to do.” He swung his legs back and forth.
Itz reached down to brush the filthy hem of his skirts. Her skirts. Their skirts. “Your mother wants you where you can do her the most good. Do you even know where that is?”
Henri glared at her. “No! No one tells me anything. I’m not stupid!”
Itz looked into his eyes. They burned like the sun. She didn’t shade herself. She said, “Your mother, the dowager Queen of France, wants you to be made the Papal Legate to England.”
His dress fell off one shoulder. Blood splattered over bruises from the men that she’d killed. Henri said, “Why? What’s in England?”
Itz straightened her dress on his shoulders. Flicked away the blood. “Felipe, the King of Spain and the New World. The Queen of England is very pleased with her handsome young husband, Felipe. Since France is his enemy, we do not care for this situation.”
“Oh,” said Henri, clearly not certain what he was supposed to do about it.
“We shall go and create certain, situations, which it will be my pleasure to create.” She offered another truth. “You see, King Felipe’s great-grandfather, King Ferdinand, was my first master. I was one of the first treasures his conquistadors sent home.”
Henri chewed on his lower lip. Unfortunate habit. He said, “So you didn’t always wear a collar?”
Itz said, “No. When I was a priestess, no one owned me except my God.”
“Are you going to kill him?” He scuffed his foot on the floor of the carriage. “The King.”
Itz smiled. “We’ll see.” Decided that what Henri needed was the clean, clear acid of honesty. “I’d kill them all if I could. They laid waste to my people. I wish to return the favor.”
“Oh,” said Henri. For the first time since she arrived, he looked interested. She really was going to have to kill Henri’s tutor when they got home. Clearly he had not been doing his job.
Itz smiled. Turned so that the light glinted off the points of her filed teeth. The jade plugs in her ears. “My people believed that vampires were the memories of the gods.” She gave him a sour smile. “However, before your mother hands you a vampire as a toy, remember that it is our nature to forget nothing.” She flicked her fingers at his skirts. “We hold long grudges.” She held up blood streaked fingers.  “So, let us make a deal. I will answer any question honestly, and you will think before acting.”
Henri shrugged. He said, “Tell me about that goddess you worshiped.” She waited. He sighed. “Please.”
“Since you ask so nicely.” As they wheeled over the rough stones, she told stories.
Later, she killed the monster under Henri's bed, his tutor, and a young bullock. She wasn’t terribly hungry, but she felt the need for a snack. Stress eating. She would pray over it, but her gods were dead.
Guillaume --- Danzig --- 409 or 40 years old
The sputtering torches threw shadow monsters on the walls. Guillaume had crept over the bailey wall and in. He had a human face, but it was shadowed by the falling rain thundering down to the stones. It flashed white when the sky cracked with lightening curls.
His armor gleamed in the rips of light. An engraved iron collar round his neck. Long twisting spikes on his shoulders and arms. White hair plastered flat to his head, showed the shape of his skull. Pale, pale eyes.
He smashed a metal boot into an armsman’s face.
The bailey swarmed with men, who pushed to reach him. Tried to kill him. Maybe this time the slack-witted pignuts would succeed. But he doubted it.
He roared and the sky answered with a glitter of hail. A sweep of his sword and demon-dead muscles cut through armor and flesh. Bones and blood glinted in the snatches of light.
Men shouted over the thunder. Men died in the ice.
The black stones were slick with blood and rain and viscera. The sky was falling.
At last, the fight was over, and Guillaume stood alone in the dark space between the inner and outer castle walls. He contemplated his dead, their blood pooled on the stones, and he tapped his fingers on his collar.
Sheathed his sword. He climbed up the inner wall like it was a stroll in a garden. The weight of his armor was no more than smoke in the dark. A guard on the wall fired a crossbow. Punched through his breastplate. Missed his heart. Too bad.
Guillaume jumped onto the parapet and rolled his head. Opened his mouth to drink the rain, but that wasn’t what the demon in his heart hungered for. Ever whispered for.
But he had his master’s orders. “No dinner, dog.” He hadn’t eaten in weeks. His master liked his dog mean.
Another crossbow bolt missed him altogether in the rain. Guillaume kicked the tower door. The booming thud rolled out in answer to the thunder above. The wood creaked. He kicked it again, and the wet wood gave way. He slapped aside a guardsman’s sword thrust. Snapped the man’s neck and felt the life slip away. And another and another.
Flung men against walls in the twisting tower stairs. High above, the rain slammed down onto the stone roof. The wind howled. Soon the Wind Hags would gather their wraiths to scavenge on his kills. Blue weather-bitten strumpets.
Down into the castle’s main hall. The pallets were rumpled and empty. Guillaume tipped the salt jar onto the floor.
He stalked to the chapel where the castle priest sobbed for God’s mercy. Guillaume could have told him that God had no mercy. Left the priest to bleed his life’s blood onto the altar instead.
Guillaume walked the castle from cellar to tower. Drained the dull-eyed scullion’s blood into the grain stores. Smashed spices against walls. He left the beer and ale alone, though; they would be gone soon enough.
Climbed up the carved stone stairway. The door was barred. Milk-livered gudgeons.
Guillaume slammed the paltry door down. A young woman stood there. She held a sword that she could hardly lift in a soft room with pretty painted walls.
Guillaume killed her quick. A flower of blood on her breast to match the painted briar on the wall. Guillaume was a clotted canker-blossom.
He stood in that room and listened. Cold as sleet, he listened to the thundering of a heart. Bent down and flung the bed back against the wall with a solid boom.
A little blond boy, not even ten years old, stared up at him. The last looping Rubicon line in Guillaume’s sand. Full circle to look down at wide eyes full of tears.
Guillaume sheathed his sword and picked the boy up by his tunic. Held him some six feet above the ground and dangling. Guillaume whispered, “Are you listening?”
The boy rabbit nodded to the rhythm of his bleating heart.
Guillaume pointed to the woman on the floor, “I’ve done that to everyone here. Some worse than that. Ripped their hearts out and didn’t even eat them. Food for Wind Hags and worms.”
The boy trembled and blinked back tears. Didn’t say anything. Just trickled a stream of piss down his tunic. Guillaume shook him. “Stop that. Downstairs, everyone you’ve ever loved is dead.” Guillaume dropped the boy to the ground into the puddle on the floor. Guillaume said, “Don’t be here when I come back. Run past them, and don’t look.”
The boy stared at him wide eyes. Didn’t move a piss-soaked inch. Guillaume shook his head and pulled out his dagger. The boy scrambled back against the painted wall. Guillaume put the dagger on the floor and slid it forward towards the boy. Guillaume said, “Do you want to kill me?”
The boy shook his head no. Grabbed the knife and lunged forward. Boy didn’t know the first thing about holding a blade. Guillaume twisted the knife out of the boy’s hands. “Hold it like this.” He held the knife and mimed a thrust. “Hearts are hard to hit. Most things die when you cut their heads off, but you’re not there yet. For now, aim for the foot.” He tapped a metal boot on the stone floor and held the knife by the blade out to the boy.
The boy whispered, “What are you?”
Guillaume laid the knife on the ground in front of the boy. “A dead man, a clotted canker-blossom of a thing that needs killing. Belonging to a man that needs killing.” He stood up.
“Don’t understand,” whispered the boy huddled against his painted wall.
“You will,” said Guillaume. He stepped over the woman on the floor. “Don’t be here when I come back.” Guillaume left the room.
Guillaume slowly climbed down the Italianate stairs. They were carved with ornate flowers into the soft lattice of the stonework. They were new. He tapped his fingers along the curls and vines. The Baron had probably picked up the stairs in the wars.
Guillaume walked by the dead in the courtyard, already being picked at by crows and wraiths and Wind Hags. Strolled into the gatehouse and let his craven coxcomb, his owner, his gleeking puttock in the gate.
Three men in shiny undented armor rushed in. Recoiled from the Hags growling over the dead.
Margrave Sigismund stood in the bailey of his new castle, surrounded by the dead and the worthless.
Guillaume bowed to his master.
The Margrave hit Guillaume across the face, but no blood trickled from his lips. It had been weeks since Guillaume had last fed. The Margrave said, “Idiot, you were supposed to take prisoners. I can’t ransom dead bodies.”
Sir Harald came up behind the Margrave. “We forgot this time. We just said take the castle.” Sir Harald stared at the bodies and the Hags and the coiling wraiths, “God’s Balls! When Baron Satler hears of this,” he shook his head, “we’re dead men.”
Guillaume looked blandly at his master. He could only hope, but then again, Guillaume didn’t believe in hope.
Michael --- London --- 19 or 18 years old
Michael worked far below the palace.
He had all the things a vampire could want. 
A black velvet doublet with white silk slashes on the sleeves. An iron collar engraved to make him play another man’s games.
He had the best toys. But they weren’t really his toys. They belonged to King Felipe. Just like he did.
In front of him, a thin man lay stretched on a rack. Michael was bored with this man’s secrets.
Losing his soul wasn’t supposed to be so boring. Inside, the voice of his demon whispered about eating the thin man’s life down. But the collar held Michael back.
The man whispered.
Michael didn’t care, but the scribe in the corner of the room scribbled every word. 
This wasn’t his first torture. But it was the first one he’d gotten to do on his own. Michael was in training. Michael was shiny and new and fresh undead. New and already bored. The scribe wrote so fast that he broke the nibs of his quills. Michael could smell the stink of his fear and piggish sweat. It should have been like perfume.
Where was the sexy darkness? Where was the beautiful seduction of a stranger? The thrill of the unwilling? 
Michael waited for the man to run out of things to say.
He did. Michael wished he’d made it last longer. Stretched it out. Michael chuckled. Stretched it out.
But even his own jokes couldn’t make what was ahead any better.
He hated walking up the stone corridor, the scribe’s notes clutched in one hand, iron collar around his neck.
A group of young lordlings passed him like he wasn’t there. Like was he was nothing. Just a dead man. No older than they. Difference was no difference. Them laughing about an ice maze on the Thames. Laughing about whores and ale and the taste of doing what you shouldn’t oughta do. Bastards. He wished he could go with them.
Michael listened to their laughter until he couldn’t hear them anymore. Vampires had real good hearing. He stood there for a while.
Silence. Michael slouched on his way.
He went to where their Majesties were being crazy with their usual crowd of crazy courtiers.
“Troubles furrow lines between my eyes. Worry rakes my heart for love’s worms,” murmured Queen Mary.
Babbling again. Staring at that stone mirror from the New World that Felipe had given her for a wedding gift. Michael thought that Felipe’d of been better off getting her jewelry. Women liked a little sparkle. Michael guessed giving plain women mirrors just made them plain crazy.
Mary leaned toward her mirror. Actually, she didn’t look half bad in the reflection. Took twenty years and a stone off her looks. She whispered, “Mary, full of grace, and quite contrary,”
Made her bats-in-the-belfry crazy.
No one seemed to notice.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to be. When he’d left Portsmouth for London, he’d imagined wenches and drinking and adventure.
Not getting killed after one day in town. Vamped and collared and stuck here. Not listening to Bishop Gardiner argue about heresy with Legate Pole. It was depressing. 
King Felipe sneezed. “It never stops raining.” He held a spice ball up to his nose. He had a cold.
Michael tried to speak proper, like he’d been ordered to do. “You should visit Cornwall in winter. Sheets of rain. Mold everywhere.” 
“That will be enough, Michael,” said Alvarado, Felipe‘s right hand vampire and all round stick up the ass. Alvarado thought it was a privilege to serve. He stood with an even straighter stick up his butt than normal and went back to his report. Alvarado droned on about rioting in the Lowlands and battles in who the hell cared. There was a bit about the sorcerer John Dee popping up at the court of his Majesty's father, the Holy Roman Emperor Charles, but didn’t sound like Dee did more than look for flowers. If Michael were a sorcerer, wouldn’t be flowers he’d be going after. One word. Succubus. And plenty of them.
Then Alvarado’s face got real pissy, pissier, like he’d chugged a glass of vinegar. He said, “And according to my reports, Queen Catherine has sent her ... Mistress Itz away from France to deal with her interests in Italy.”
Felipe sneezed. “Better had you staked the creature when you had the chance.”
Mary muttered, “Vile demon.” Glared at her mirror and nodded.
Felipe glanced at his wife and said, “But God smiles on Our concerns for your upcoming trip.”
“Yes, Your Majesty. We did lose Dickon, but the Heretic of York and Scotland will soon leave on her progress, which will allow me to survey the southern border without interference.” Alvarado turned to Michael and made a little gesture for Michael to straighten up. That was Alvarado all over. Crazy about posture.
“But Your Majesty,” Bishop Gardiner’s bullfrog face got, if it was possible, even uglier. “We must not let ourselves be distracted by foreign concerns. It is in England where we must be moved to action. Heresy here must be dealt with.”
Legate Pole looked ready to deck Gardiner. “We are in agreement about the goal, but we cannot save souls through force.” He knelt next to Mary, “Your Majesty, dear cousin, rather as shepherds, we must guide our flock with a gentle hand.”
“Ha,” said Gardiner. “When Elijah drew down God’s fire to the wet stones of the altar, the people turned their faces to God.” He sounded like Michael’s father.
Felipe coughed some more. Alvarado nodded, but then they were singing Alvarado’s old tune, what with him being old friends with Torquemada and all. As if a vampire was supposed to care about heresy.
Mary brushed her hand against the reflection of her cheek in the mirror. “Fire and blood purifies sin.” Rubbed her belly, as if she was actually pregnant and not just imagining it. “We need to burn a new fire that our child might come safely into the world.”
Bat. Shit. Crazy. Course, they all nodded like she wasn’t.
“It’s the Yorkists,” said Lord Pembroke, “They’ve been driving their demon scum across the borders for months. Flooding into our country.”
Bishop Gardiner growled some more. “The prince that could finally stamp out their heresy would be a true defender of the faith indeed.”
His Majesty’s response was to sneeze again.
Michael smiled. What the hell. Might as well dump fat on the fire. “I just finished questioning a smuggler. Claimed he were a part of a conspiracy to rob the Treasury and overthrow Her Majesty and place someone,” he paused and leaned forward, “possibly Your Majesty’s little sister, Queen Elizabeth, on the throne of England.” This was always good for a laugh.
Pembroke grumbled, “I knew it.” Bishop Gardiner licked his lips. But that wasn’t the gunpowder keg.
“Elizabeth is not our sister,” snapped Mary. Actually looked away from the mirror. Slapped one hand palm down on her chair arm. “She is the baseborn bastard of that whore, who bewitched our father into thinking that she was his, but We see the truth.”
Alvarado unbent enough to rush forward. “Your Majesty, this hasn’t been substantiated.” Gave Felipe a pleading look.
Damn unlikely to be, too, given the smuggler had also claimed to know the location of the Holy Grail and King John’s lost treasure. People’d say strange things to get a break from the rack. What mattered was that he’d said it. The collar around Michael’s neck controlled him, but only so far.
Michael tried to look innocent. “But your Majesty, I understand that Elizabeth is the living image of your father made feminine.”
“No, no, no!” Mary grimaced and curled forward. “She has her hair from Smeaton and her mother’s black eyes. She is nothing like to me and is not my sister.”
Felipe rubbed his eyes. He said, “Calm yourself. You will injure the baby,”
“More likely a tumor,” muttered Michael.
Alvarado sighed and said, “Your pardon, Your Majesty. He’s still a bit rough around the edges. Perhaps, a nudge from Your Majesty.”
Felipe looked at Michael and sighed. He said, “In addition to your other restrictions, Michael, you are not to mention the lady Elizabeth through act or word, written or spoken, in the presence of Queen Mary, my wife, unless I specifically request information. Is that understood?”
Michael felt the familiar tug of the collar digging its nails into the demon inside. Shrugged. “Yeah.”
Mary rubbed her stomach. “We must clean our own house. We cannot let anything happen to our baby.” She leaned back into her chair. “He’s destined to bring our lost sheep back to the fold. We must burn out anyone who might harm him.”
Felipe coughed near enough to bring up a lung. “Easily enough done. While Alvarado researches this plot from the other side of the border, Michael will assist Legate Pole.” He took a deep sniff of his pomander.
Alvarado looked torn, but nodded to Their Majesties. “Michael should be ready for unsupervised trips.”
Felipe picked up the handkerchief and blew his nose. “Yes, well, go to it.” Felipe went to the window. “Will it never stop raining?” he said.
It began to snow.
Lucretia --- North --- 17 years old
Far, far away, the Queen Fire Serpent Lady was bored.
Lucretia envied her. She longed to be bored. 
The hummingbird-man was bored, too. Bored, bored, bored. Lucretia idly flapped her arms. Boredom would be so wonderful. 
The serpent-headed mother was vexed and bitter, like eating a worm. 
The flayed man was too depressed to be bored. Depressed and covered in blood.
Lucretia tried not to hear them, but she couldn’t help it. 
She plucked petals from wildflowers.
She crushed rosemary for remembrance and sniffed her fingers. She shredded pansies for thoughts and watched their pattern as they fell. She idly chewed on fennel and columbine for rue. She poked the eyes from daisies.
She’d have ruminated on violets, but they had all withered and gone, or maybe there were no flowers, or maybe there would be flowers later.
She sat on the stony floor and pulled petals that she wasn’t sure were there. 
She leaned back into Papa’s hand. Felt the tremble. Her Papa was old and famous. Doctor John Dee. Sometimes they went places and people said, “There is Doctor John Dee.”
That made her feel good. Somehow that seemed solid. Like the stones of the tower. Her Papa gave her head another pat and wrote in the margins of his new book.
It was full of scattered pages and bright pictures, and he was happy.
That was good. Lucretia had told him where to find the book. Forgotten on an Abbey shelf. Unloved. She’d known that he’d love it, and he did. She’d have to return it or they couldn’t get where they were going. But Papa had it now.
Papa was happy and he was sad today. He was reading about the end of the world. That wasn’t a good thing. It was very, very bad. Maybe.
Not that they had to go there. They could swim upstream through time like carp. It was easy. But she knew what Papa would say. He’d grumble and talk about how time was fragile and not like water at all.
She spun out across the floor. Looked up at the shelves going up the tower walls into the dim. Salamanders in their sconces hissed. They thought dry desert thoughts.
She lay back and made a dried flower angel on the floor.
Dee sighed. “How are you feeling tonight?”
Lucretia waved her hands and spun tracks of light with her fingers. “Venus is feeling naughty. Her heart is all on fire. Only half a Tun shopping days left before the end of the alautun and I still haven’t bought Papa a present.”
“Really?“ He wrote Lucretia’s words down.
“Yes, really!” Lucretia said, “We’re almost at the sea and raging and tossed. There are so many waves until they all get chopped down! I‘m giving you the Jewel of the Wind.” She nodded. “Don’t tell. It’s a surprise.”
This was it. She could feel him thinking the doors.
She tugged at the leather sheaths on her arms. They were sewn up the back so she couldn’t take them off. Couldn’t make new lines through her veins. Couldn’t lay down in a pool of her own blood. Cold and empty and sleeping. Hold that thought. That was for later. Maybe. Focus.
Papa had found her and woken her up and that was good too. Miles to go before she’d sleep. Gathered rosebuds while she may.
“Shhh ... shhhh,” she could feel him put his hands over hers. Over the leather that hid the lines like doorways where she’d cut herself with the broken mirror to drive the smoke out. 
That was when he’d gotten rid of the mirrors and the glass. 
The end of the world was calling her. That’s why the mirror had opened the door in her head.
He picked up the lock of hair that was always falling forward and pushed it back behind her ear. “There’s my pretty girl.” 
He picked up some lotion from the table and rubbed it into her hands. “You know if there were a way I could take this on for you, I would.”
She was smelling like roses. She said, “I know, Papa.” She rubbed one hand on her forehead, smeared roses across her face. “It’s all so jumbled. I can’t ... I don’t know if it’s tomorrow or yesterday.”
“I know, my sweet.” He traced her round cheek with a crooked finger. 
She said, “I love you, Papa.” Because it was the one thing she really knew.
“And I love you, Lucretia.” He gave her a brief hug. She felt so small in his arms. Small and itchy. 
A roly-poly tear dripped down her cheek. She tried again and said, “They’re so busy. They don’t even notice. No matter how much I yell.”
Papa said, “Then I shall have to help you.” He flipped through the pages of the book and pointed to a picture. “Is this the jewel.”
Lucretia nodded her yes. “We need it.“ Lucretia spun on her heel and flapped her arms. “Before the world cracks like an egg and the sky falls down.” Then she clucked like a chicken. It seemed the thing to do.
That’s when Papa got to deciding to go. He ran through rooms looking for books and ink and sparkly things.
It was easier for Lucretia. All she had to do was pack what she was going to take. 
Papa spent days and days and days packing. Or maybe it was an afternoon. Or a year and a day. Or maybe Lucretia stretched time out to really last. When Papa wasn’t looking, she stuffed some time down the front of her dress, but it kept falling on her toes and wriggling away.
She stepped on an hour and said, “What, Papa?”
Papa reached under her foot and picked up the slightly squished hour. He patted it back into shape and let it go. He said, “It’s time to leave now.”
Lucretia sighed. She liked the way that felt. So she sighed again, only bigger and with more feeling.
Papa laughed. “My little windstorm.” He gave her the chalk. 
Lucretia drew a line across the floor in the circle room with the prism to draw the ley-la-la line straight. Point A to B makes hypotenuse. Or hippopotamus. She got them jumbled together. She giggled, imagining them mixed up.
“Lucretia!” said her Papa, pushing away a little hippopoteneuse waddling on its little triangular legs.
“Sorry, Papa,” said Lucretia, and put it on a shelf. A flat plane. The ley-la-la lines didn’t go everywhere, because of the planes, but the lines went where they were going.
Lucretia took his hand and skipped down the line. She went sproink. Pop. Whoosh. Out the other side.

Chapter 2: The Doubt of Future Foes
Elizabeth --- York --- Dream time
In the way of dreams, Elizabeth flew across a clear green sky. Undulated through the humid breeze, the warm wind ruffled her feathers. Except in her dream, she was a he. Burrowed through clouds. A bird with no wings. A serpent crawled through the heavens.
Elizabeth blew on the Jewel of the Wind and called forth rain. Threw down his Thunder Stick and was a woman again. Even in her dream, Elizabeth was relieved. She blew on her Jewel of the Wind, a great curving shell, and summoned the fluttering dead to defend her people.
Her people in their golden city of Tollan. Her golden people polled down the canals. Their boats full of flowers. She saw the mighty Hummingbird flit from flower to flower like a lover at a dance. She didn’t want the Hummingbird. She wanted to shed her skin, but couldn’t find anyone to tell her how.
She flew low enough to hear her people singing. She had asked her trickster brother to steal the sun’s musicians and he had, filled her city with song. Her city, where no one was ever hungry. Where no one was ever sick. She flew and her city spread beneath her like a delta of human reeds.
Below her, the mother with a serpent’s head swept the stairs of a golden pyramid that gleamed in the last light of day. Roses of red and white wound their way up its steps in a mass of color.
Elizabeth loved the roses’ perfume. Flickered her tongue to taste the day.
Until her wily trickster brother gave her octli milk to drink. Drunken and spinning. Sweet and lily soft. Pale legs in a bed of serpents.
Then she fell and cracked the earth with the blow. The earth was like water, rippling with currents. Ripping itself apart.
She lay broken on the shattered ground. The thick canopy of trees above like a black cloth hiding the sun. The first sun.
She lay on the ground, her pinions broken. Her scales dull.
Then it changed. She was the Hunter. A great wild boar with ruby eyes. Snuffling around tusks. Gold wires for hair.
Something bright struck her, and she flew back. The bones in her chest cracked and bled. There was no time to bleed. The glowing dark would devour the sleepers, if she didn’t strike true.
She grappled with the creature like a lover, but they’d taken her heart and set it on fire to make the spheres spin. Given her a stone in its place. They rolled like killers in the dust. She drove a stone blade into the demon’s heart as its teeth closed over her throat and she opened her eyes.
***
Elizabeth blinked as the bed canopy swam into focus. The white falcon on her crest stared with embroidered eyes. The roses around the conch shell that the falcon sat upon seemed to writhe like snakes. Reached for the blinking hawk. It was dark, but she knew what words were there. “Always the Same.” Her motto embroidered in gold and silver on heavy velvet that draped her bed and held her in.
Elizabeth sat up. Her ladies, Kat and Blanche, still slept in their trundle beds. She should be asleep. They must head out on her summer progress soon lest her court eat her out of house and pocket. The longer she stayed in York, the more leeches would find their way to court. It was past time to start. Be an unwanted guest in the homes of the unruly. Avoid marrying anyone. Hunt some demonic undead.
For all of that, she was not looking forward to the slow lurch down the old Roman roads. Stuffy manor houses. Dull shows of waiting with crowds watching on. 
Elizabeth wanted cold, clean air. She jumped down from the high bed and went to the window.
The moon sailed a waning galleon before the whipping wind in the trees. The rabbit on the moon laughed at her. She opened the window and looked at her kingdom. She breathed in the bone-chilling air. It felt good. 
She could slip into the night. The two guards standing watch on the White Rose Tower would not even see her drop down. She rubbed the gold ring of office that she wore on her wedding finger and whispered, “God, I give praise to thee for making me, though unworthy, thy instrument.”
Behind her, Blanche stirred. “Your Majesty, is there something wrong? Shall I send the page for a hot drink?”
“No, nothing. Go to sleep,” said Elizabeth. Her long fingers curled over the window sill.
Blanche sat up in her bed. “Is it a bad dream, Your Majesty?” She reached over and shook Kat into wakefulness.
“No, ’tis nothing,” said Elizabeth, stared out at the clear night sky. Traced her old friend the North Star down the dipper’s pale line. She paused, dark eyes narrow. “Kat, bring me my Spirit. Bring Sir Cecil here now.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” said Kat, blinking awake. She stretched. “Shame, though. I was having a good dream about a man with a huge nose.” She went into the next room to wake a page boy.
Blanche ignored her. Gathered up a fur-lined robe. “What is it, Your Majesty?” She went to the window and wrapped it around Elizabeth’s shoulders. “I don’t see anything.”
“Precisely,” said Elizabeth, briefly wishing she hadn’t sent away Kat, who had taught her astronomy, but no matter. “That is not good when you should see be seeing stars.”
Blanche peered out the window. She said, “I don’t understand, Your Majesty. I see plenty of stars.”
Elizabeth sighed impatiently. “Look, my White Lady. There is the little bear, but where is its mother?” Elizabeth pointed at the sky. “Ursa Major is missing. The constellation of the great bear has ambled off. Where has she gone?”
The east wind whistled in answer, but Elizabeth was too wide awake to remember the language of dreams.
Three days research brought no greater clarity. Only fragments of clues. Cecil ground his way through the library at York Minster and the nearby Fountains Abbey besides. “Well, my Spirit,” said Elizabeth. She tapped her finger on the library’s varnished oak table.
Cecil did not look up from his leather-bound book. “Yes, Your Majesty?” He continued to take notes in a growing pile of paper.
She said, “You are ignoring me. Your Queen.” She threw herself against the back of the blackened oak chair.
“Yes, Your Majesty, I am,” said Cecil. He dipped his quill in an inkwell. “Researching works much better when I actually research.”
Elizabeth snorted, shoved back her chair and stood up. Cecil didn’t look at her. That was a shame. She was dressed like a Norse shield maiden, her hair in two long red braids. Elizabeth walked along the rows of books toward the windows on the far side of the room. Ran her hand along the rounded leather spines like so many crowded old friends. The sun streamed in, but it was a cool light for a cold day. She pulled a book at random from the shelf and walked back to where Cecil was sitting.
Elizabeth shook her head. Her leather-bound braids tumbled over her shoulders. She flipped through her book. “I don’t suppose we’re facing Tiamat.”
Cecil sighed and turned another page. He didn’t look up. “She’s dead, Your Majesty. The Hunter King Marduk slew her millennium ago with the magic fire he wielded from the blessing of the Phoenix.”
He’d stopped writing. He reached up to tug his beard.
She tossed her book onto the table and walked over to the globe. A dog by the fire whined, and she patted its long narrow head. 
She looked at Cecil and said, “You have no idea what’s going on, do you?”
Cecil looked up at Elizabeth. “No. I am afraid not, Your Majesty.”
She broke away from his gaze and looked back down at the globe, more than half full of imagined spaces. She said, “It could be anything.”
Cecil shook his head. “Hardly.” he said, “It must be something with the power to remove stars from the sky. With some remote connection to that particular constellation. Our agents report that a fern forest has grown up at our border with England. That ghostly figures haunt our roads, but disappear in a moment. These things must be related.” 
“Ah, then we knew nothing, know nothing, and look in the future to know more of the same.” Elizabeth spun the globe. “Such fascinating tales keep me fair captivated.”
Cecil pushed his book away from him. He sighed. “What we both know is that there’s nothing about anything like this in any of these books.” He fanned his notes, “These. Are. Worthless.”
Elizabeth spun the globe. “Well, then we must go where there is a larger library. Or multiple libraries.” She grinned at Kat and Blanche. “First, We must figure out what We shall wear.” She left Cecil grumbling behind her. Good to know that she could do some good.
Itz --- Rome --- Eleven Bells --- Early and then Late
The night was not particularly young, but it hid it well.
Henri was the only wide-eyed young thing in the night.
He sat at the table writing an essay. Henri paused and looked at a leather-bound book. The pages crackled.
“Itz, what’s antimony glance?” asked Henri.
“Look it up,” said Itz. She picked up a brush, held it in her mouth and twirled the soft rabbit’s-hair bristles with her tongue. Marked her map with the appropriate symbols. Yellow for food riots. Red for war. Blue for plague. 
“Itz, how do you bray arsenic in milk?” asked Henri.
“Look it up,” said Itz. Itz picked up a short-bristle brush and dipped it into a green vial for natural disasters. Earthquakes, tidal waves and tornados.
“Itz, did you know that Athens had an official state poison?” asked Henri. Itz put down the brush and looked at Henri. He was looking at her with wide innocent eyes.
Itz widened her eyes.
Henri crankily kicked a table leg. “I’m bored.”
Itz’s expression did not change, smooth in the oil lamp’s clean light. “Then you lack imagination.” She waved at the map. “What is this?”
Henri sighed. “A map with drawing on it. Is it poisoned?”
“Yes. However, that is not the point, more of a safety feature.” She watched the way the light shimmered the rainbow of colors. “This shows every tremor all the way across these lands.” Itz’s licked her red-lacquered lips.
Henri came over. He asked, “Why are there circles around England?” He pointed at the map and perhaps to a certain untrained eye it might seem as if the scattered symbols formed lines and waves. 
She said, “That’s just a trick of perception.” Henri scowled at her, but it was just an illusion and that was that. If the wars seemed to form lines with plagues, it meant nothing. She said, sweet as honey, “This discussion will not get you out of writing your essay.”
“But that’s not fair!” whined Henri. His lower lip jutted in a pout.
Itz moonlight smiled. “I would also like a sestina to my Lady Boredom. You may pick the language.” Henri rolled his eyes. Itz’s smile waxed. “You’d better get started.”
He sighed and went back to his table. 
Henri fell asleep in mid essay. She let him sleep boneless on the couch. She studied maps and messages. The better to avoid dreams.
At dawn, Itz switched to fiction. The romance of the Goodly Knight and the Basilisk. The Goodly Knight was singularly noble, which is to say, nothing like a knight at all.
Several wax tablets clattered on the desktop. Itz glanced up from her book.
Itz said, “Yes, Henri?”
“There’s my essay. I put the sestina at the end.” Henri fidgeted.
She picked up the tablet and read it. Slowly, silently. Henri fidgeted some more. Finally, she said, “The sestina could use work, but you’ll have plenty of time to meditate on the issue in the upcoming days.”
“Why?” said Henri. He glanced at the stack of books on the table.
Itz laughed. “It won’t be anything I’m going to assign you.” In the distance, the high bells rang. Itz briskly rubbed out the essay from the tablets, put her book in a small bag, and stood up. “We should be going.”
Henri sighed with enough force to spark a hurricane, and followed Itz from the room.
A maid rushed forward with a sunshade. Itz swept out the door, but there was no sunshine. Dreary days. 
As the carriage doors closed, Itz said, “Have you had your breakfast?”
“No.” Henri leaned his head against the wall of the carriage. “I was too busy writing that essay you rubbed out.”
Itz reached into the bag and handed Henri some black bread. She said, “I’ve packed some snacks.” Itz smiled briefly. “I’ve also packed you a book.” Henri looked at her hopefully. She said, “Yes, it is an adventure story with no redeeming qualities. I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
He grabbed it like it like a starving man takes up a loaf of bread. Read it as they made their way up the line of supplicants. All the way to their private audience with the Pope. Or as private as such things were.
Henri clutched the book to his chest when went into the painted room where the Pope sat. He said, “Your Holiness, France, ummm ... faithful France bids you ... ummm.” Henri looked up at Itz.
She knelt and did not raise her eyes, “Your Holiness,” she said. “Her Majesty, Queen Catherine sends the greetings of a faithful France.”
Pope Paul snorted down his long nose. “What do you want, demon?” Behind him, Henri’s drunken cardinal friend watched longingly. Itz did not let a smile curve to her face. She had other seductions in mind.
Itz shrugged silk and skin. “France wants what we both want.”
“And what is that?” said Pope Paul.
Itz whispered, “France wants Italy popping out free city states as the Russ and Turk attack the Hapsburg’s Unholy Roman Empire from the East. France consuming from the West.” Itz clasped her hands together. “Charles’s empire cracked. The power of the Church militant restored.” Itz licked red lips. “No one can make that happen but France.”
Pope Paul leaned back in his chair. 
Itz stood in a rustle of gold tissue. “I want what you want.” Itz opened her fan slowly. “The Emperor’s son is married to the Queen of England.”
Pope Paul grimaced. “She seeks to bring that country into the arms of her mother Church.”
“Your Holiness,” Itz snapped her fan shut, “she’s not married to the church. The church is not in her bed.” She tapped her fan again. “Cardinal Pole, the Church’s legate to London. Tell me, I don’t quite remember, who helped him raise to power?”
Pope Paul’s vinegar look stewed in itself. “The Hapsburg.” The Pope glanced at wide-eyed Henri. “They’ll eat him alive.”
“Do you really care?” Itz brushed the side of Henri’s face with her fingers. “He is Catherine’s favorite son and the Medici are not without resources of their own in Italy.”
Pope Paul smiled in his white beard. “Demon. If you kissed my hand, I’d count my fingers.”
Itz tapped her chin with her fan. “It’s not your fingers I’m interested in.”
Pope Paul snorted. “Very well, Legate Pole is recalled on charges of heresy and Cardinal Valois is sent in his place.” The Pope made the sign of the cross. “May God bless and keep you.”
“Amen,” said Itz. She did not take Henri’s hand as they walked away.
She took Henri’s book and put it away in the bag. “Excited?” 
Henri shrugged. “I liked the book you gave me. I like the Good Knight. And the Basilisk was funny.”
She took his hand then. “I thought you might. I shall have to get you the other tales for our journey.”
Henri nodded sleepily. 
When they got to the palazzo, Itz let him nap the afternoon away while she packed. It was more efficient. As she rolled up the map, she did wonder at the Pope’s easy agreement. That had been easier than she expected. But that was just a coincidence.
Lucretia --- Mountain --- November
She knew she was in the court of a someone important because there was a man sitting on a yellow chair. Guards with long wicked points moved forward, but Papa was already talking.
He bowed low and said, “Your Imperial Majesty, it has been a long time.”
“Not long enough,” said his Imperial Majesty. He didn’t look very majestic. Maybe it was all on the inside, like a present. Lucretia looked inside. No. It was just a name, then. Like Apple or Smoke or Hieronimousmesopotamia.
Papa bowed again. Lucretia wondered if she should be bowing. She focused on Papa talking to the majestic man. Papa had done a favor for the Emperor, before he was Holy and Roman and an Empire. It was a pretty story involving paprika and hedgehogs, but it also was a secret story. Secret, but still there in the way Papa held a small ring out to the Imperial Majesty.
Papa wanted his favor back. It was the end of the world.
His Imperial Majesty, who wasn’t really majestic inside or out, asked, “And all you want are flowers?”
All. Only the prettiest flowers in the world. Lucretia shook her head. Emperors were silly.
“Yes, Your Imperial Majesty,” said Papa. “If you would lend me someone to help me pick some Star Flowers, then I would consider myself well repaid for any assistance that I may have done you in the past.”
His Imperial Majesty snorted. Sometimes, in other places, the other imperials did very unpleasant things. He didn’t want his secret hedgehog paprika story to get out.
Fortunately, they were here and now. He sent them to someone who sent them to a little dark curly-haired boy.
The little boy said, oh, he said so many things. He had a flute and he could play it. He showed Lucretia how. He had black goats and brown goats and one almost blue goat, which Lucretia liked. Even if the color blue scared her. Just a little.
The little boy even had a name, which was Pietre, like the saint, who was like a rock. Lucretia was named after a virtuous lady who’d died. Lucretia wished she was like a rock. 
They walked barefoot. Even Papa, because it was important.
They walked up the slopes of the pretty mountain. It was the last green mountain she was going to see. Unless she stayed here. Once she did, but only once. Everywhen else, she left the mountain behind.
They walked and then they sat. Until the sun went away, goodbye, and the moon came up, hello. 
Papa said, “It’s time, Lucretia.”
Time to walk carefully on moonlight. You had to be very careful when hunting flowers. They could be tricky.
Pietre giggled. She liked him. Too bad he was going to get eaten by angels, but at least he had goats. She didn’t say that out loud.
Instead she hunted flowers in the moonlight.
She pretended not to see them. Reached out fast and grabbed them. Held tight so Papa could come and say words like, “By the Gracious and the August appointed protector of this land, I second you,” or “succor you,” or “require you.” The important thing was the flowers had to come.
They let themselves be plucked up by the roots and they died. Poor flowers.
Lucretia felt sad. She said goodbye to Pietre, named after a saint who was a rock.
He played a sad little tune that she could hear for miles and miles and miles. One time she stayed and she saved him. For a little while.
But not this time.
Michael --- London, England --- Dream time
Michael was having one of those dreams that made no sense, but were all about sense while he dreamed it. 
Thankfully, the world cracked in a blaze of fire and light.
A candle in the dark of his basement room.
“Sir! Sir!” A soft voice shaking at the edge of his bed: Hal.
Michael smiled in the dark. “Hal, didn’t expect you here.”
Hal shifted from foot to foot. “Sir, something’s happened. They sent me to get you.”
“Sky must be falling.” Michael slid out of bed, naked as a jay and rough from sack wine. But that was last night’s fun. Now, he dressed slowly. He liked making Hal squirm. Michael could see the tallow candle tremble as wax spattered to the floor. Finally, Michael finished dressing. Hal sighed in relief. Sometimes it felt like that was the only power Michael had. Been following Legate Pole and Bishop Gardiner around for weeks chasing heretics. Following until he dreamed about heretics. Or burning the world. Or whatever.
Michael followed Hal’s candle up the stairs. He wondered why, if he was going to have recurring dreams, why they couldn’t be about sex. Or more sex. He scratched his shoulder. Maybe if he concentrated before he went to sleep.
Michael came out into the drizzling morning grey sky. “How amazing! It’s raining in England.”
“That’s not it, sir.” Hal pointed. There was a cluster of guards in their rain-spattered armor, clutching bristling pikes.
Michael strolled over. “No one’s guarding the gate, are they?”
“They’re dead,” said Thomas Redmund, the head of the night guard, a hulking bear of a man, his face pale in a dark beard.
“The gate guards?” said Michael, the air smelled depressingly of mud and grass. Not a hint of blood.
Thomas pointed. “The ravens.” The birds lay dead on the ground, frost glistened on their feathers.
Michael said, “You got me out of a soft dry bed because some birds are dead?”
“Sir!” Hal stumbled forward. “They say that if the ravens ever leave the tower, England’ll fall.”
“Really? Huh, I thought we kept them to eat traitors’ eyeballs. Course, the Wind Hags do that just fine and ... ” Michael trailed off. This was his chance to show he could take care of stuff. He said, “I’ll find out what’s going on.” Smiled brightly and headed out the front gate like he had a clue where he was going.
Which he didn’t.
He walked through the gate. He whistled and kicked at drifts of snow. It crunched under his feet. Snowflakes flurried around his ears.
The market on the frozen Thames was bigger than he’d expected. It covered the whole river. People everywhere. Fishermen selling fish and farmers selling turnips and stuff. Housewives shopping and guards making sure no one sold red meat on Friday, which didn’t stop the branded whores from selling themselves.
Michael ambled through the crowd. He’d made it as far as the ice maze when the ice beneath him gave a quick jolt. Cracked up and over. Shook violently three times. Michael fell backwards and felt his piece of ice tip and he slid towards the icy water below. Crap.
He slipped one of his sleeve knives free and stabbed the ice and held on. Felt his slab tip back. All around the shanty market people screamed. People in the water. Buildings knocked flat. Cracked ice breaking free in great chunks.
Michael made his slow way to shore. Looked around him. “What could cause something like that?” Thinned his lips. Nothing for it. He’d have to go to a pub. To get information.
He went to Arundel’s in the city. Good for a beer and bet and gossip.
Even with the building standing at a lurch and the ground shaking below them, betting was lively on the cockfight.
Air thick with smoke and spilled beer and sweat. Michael loved it.
The bartender yelled, “Michael, you’re our man on the inside; you need to weigh in.” He jabbed a thumb in the direction of an old man with a milky white eye and said, “My friend here thinks Mary’s carrying a mystic birthing that’ll bring the horsemen of the Apocraplips to our door. While I say Mary’s just livin’ in a dream world.”
Michael shrugged, like he cared what was in her Majestic Cowship. “Five quid says it’s a tumor.”
The old man said, “End the world that child will.”
“Ya say that about everything,” said the bartender. “Oh, that apple ’tis cursed, end the world it will. Oh, that shoe ’tis cursed, end the world it will.”
Michael grinned and paid for the old man's next drink. "Don't suppose you have an idea how the earth shaking has something to do with a plot against Queen Mary." Turns out the half blind man did. Lots of theories. Sadly, he was also a lightweight and shuffled off to sleep or die behind the pub. 
Nothing for it but for Michael to pick up his chair and throw it. Then this followed that and Arundel’s was the best place in the world. With everyone hitting everyone and slamming heads into walls. Michael smashed with his fists, really let his demon out to howl, crushed a table and stabbed someone to the wall with one of his knives. Every night should be like this.
Then after, everyone sat in the rubble and got drunk together. Michael had five separate people tell him rumors about giant Ravens eating England or the tower freezing solid when the Ravens died and was it true. That Bishop Gardiner was going to try everyone as a heretic and set London on fire. Michael sighed, didn’t even wonder why this was always happening to him because he’d gotten a whole sack of brandywine to himself and he was feeling pretty good about his nonlife. Then he fell asleep on the floor and dreamed that he was a bird. He needed to drink a better class of drink.
Guillaume --- Danzig --- Days
The Margrave and his clot-footed flipclaws were fair on their way drinking the pub dry.
The Margrave had spent all of a candle mark searching the castle Guillame had 'taken' for valuables. The store of spices ruined. Fabrics crusted with blood. The plate battered. Not a single hostage. They were all corpses and better off for it. The Margrave’s hostages never fared well, and it was Guillaume’s job to clean the mess. Make the mess. Those days the Margrave thought Guillaume an excellent purchase.
Purchase, hell.
The Margrave had won Guillaume in a dice game from the gamester that owned him. Alric of Gault, poxy weed of a man. Missing his left ear. Missing more than that now, given the Margrave’s first order to Guillaume was to cut the man in half. Too bad. Seventeen years in a muddy pit fighting frost giants and trolls for the amusement of the cheering crowds. Guillaume missed it. Made him understand what he really was. A bear for baiting. A cock with spurs on his heels. A crabbed wit flapping on the wind at God’s pleasure.
Now Guillaume sat on the floor and cleaned his armor.
The Margrave threw a chicken bone at Guillaume. The bone bounced off his face. A white bitch grabbed it and ran from the room. The Margrave said, “I should be sitting back. Raking in the ransoms.” He drank several swallows of beer. Set it down with a clank. One of the wenches scurried forward and poured more beer into the tankard. “The uh, Empire getting too hot for us.”
Sir Harald said, “Uh ... ya ... young King Francois may be hiring. Lotsa tunities in a war.”
Margrave Sigismund snorted. “Pffft, France. Meat grinder.” He took a deep drink. “Nah, we want something easy. Soft.”
Guillaume slowed his sharpening. The cankered crabwits were about to decide something spectacularly imbecilic.
Sir Minehert said, “Uh,” and took a deep breath, “women’r soft.” He grabbed at one of the wenches with a double harelip. “C’mere.” His fingers couldn’t quite reach as she moved away.
“Yeah, women,” said Margrave Sigismund, “or rather, a woman.” He smiled. “Who is the best marriage prospect in all of Europe? The Virgin Hunter herself.”
Guillaume stopped cleaning. He hadn’t been back to England since he left. A different person in a different age.
Sir Minehert said, “Uh, what?”
Margrave Sigismund said, “Elizabeth of York and Scotland. She’s unmarried and a Hunter. I hear they run hot.” He sloshed his drink as he reached down to adjust himself under the table.
Guillaume started strapping on his armor.
Sir Harald said, “But every unmarried prince is after her.”
“Eh,” said Margrave Sigismund, “if she wanted a prince, she’da married one by now. They say she likes handsome men who bring her toys.” He looked at Guillaume and snapped his fingers. “You.”
Guillaume stood up. Said nothing. Waited in silence.
“I didn’t hear you,” said Margrave Sigismund. His men giggled drunkenly.
Guillaume narrowed his eyes. “No sooner had the words left Margrave’s mouth, then I in action am truly tardy, what deed do you require gaping twee trout, what can wormish I bring to the party, effluent, manly, handsome, witty lout?” Not his best work, but it was from the undead heart.
Sir Harald giggled drunkenly. “He’s really terrible. Make him do another one.”
“Later,” Margrave Sigismund said, “We’ve um… we’ve got to get ready to head for England,” Margrave Sigismund took another drink, “Go gather our belongings and no dawdling. Got it?”
Fatwitted fool. Guillaume raised a pale eyebrow. “Yes, oh mighty toxin of a Margrave, sweet heroes in my time have I slain, and here I think I may make their thoughts plain, treasure caves dark and deep do not contain, sufficient sparkle for your intent lame, and yet on your way I must go, as blaggards huff and puff and blow.”
“Wait,” said the Margrave. He was smiling. This was never good. He elbowed Sir Harald. “Feel like a story.” Sir Minehert giggled like a girl. “Tell us the story of Wilmar Dragon Heart, on his quest for the Golden Apple of Hes to heal the Leper King of Jerusalem.” 
Sir Harald coughed on his ale. 
Guillaume scowled down at them. “Apples of the Hesperides.” Stared at their flushed drunken faces. Remembered. His king dead. His friends in their rush to die in the arms of the Nephilim.
Guillaume looked at the eyes of the inn on him. Watering in the smoky air and waiting for some entertainment.
Time was he’d have told that sort of tale himself. Time was he’d have killed anyone who mentioned Wilmar, Willhelm, William, Guillaume, whatever his gleeking earth-vexed name was, unless the collar held him back. Mainly he was tired. “Yes, sir.” He stood up and told the story in horrible rhymes until his gleeking Master collapsed face first on the table. He stopped just as Saladin took Jerusalem.
Guillaume tossed the Margrave over one shoulder and carted his sotness off to the docks, leaving the Sirs to totter feebly behind. 
Soon enough, Guillaume was throwing the Margrave to vomit down below decks of some sorry ship and putting the horses in the hold. He whispered to the wind, “Maybe the Hunter Queen will lop off my head as soon as see me.”
The ship pulled from the harbor and sped across the sea to the wind’s destination.
Elizabeth --- Moors --- Mid-Day
The breeze played with Elizabeth’s hair. It felt good under the hot sun.
Her royal progress stretched down the old white Roman road like a fantastic dropsical lizard. Liquid sunshine whipped over the purple gorse and seared eyes with the cold brilliance of sky. Dire black butterflies fluttered. Evil-eyed goats grazed. It was disturbing.
In all the brilliance of day, Elizabeth wondered what the disappearance of night stars meant. At the shapes of her dreams. She needed books. It was all very well and good to recognize shapes from dreams, but she needed to understand what they meant. Therefore this year’s progress would make a stop at Lindsfarne Abbey. Site of miraculously disappearing Viking hordes and a vast library bought from the monies that pilgrims brought.
Until they reached that dusty library, there was no real reason to stare at the drawings she’d made of her dreams. But somehow she felt if she kept looking, knowledge would pop spontaneous into her head. Like Athena, but without the hammer or the headache.
Centered at the top, surrounded by carved butterflies, a feathered snake coiled. If she closed her eyes, she could feel the wind ruffling her feathers. Familiar and meaningless. Wondrous, she dreamed about being a flying snake. That and a farthing would get her a loaf of bread. Perhaps they should break for lunch soon.
She’d traced the image of a woman turning into water in the upper left corner of the drawing. She listened as bells sewn into oiled leather tack jingled and the carts shuddered down the old road.
The upper right corner, she’d drawn a man tearing off his skin. A flayed man. Around her, Elizabeth could hear her velvet courtiers and lace ladies chatting. The servants whispering, and the pages giggling their pranks.
In the lower left-hand corner, a woman with a serpent’s head gave birth to skeletons. The woman wore a belt of human hands. In the way of dreams, she’d seemed perfectly normal.
Finally, her flat moorland musings gave way to a gently curving hill, and in the valley some five cottages huddled together for company.
“The village of Goatland, I presume,” said Lord Merriweather, gesturing at the goats wandering the packed clay street.
Elizabeth looked at the empty village. “There should be someone here to greet us.” She folded up her drawing and called to Sir Reginald. “My Bulldog, send pairs of men to search the houses.”
Sir Reginald signaled and foot soldiers trotted off to each building. Elizabeth and her progress waited in the center of the street, shorn goats milled around their horses’ legs.
“Your Majesty, I’m sure that the good folk are just at their labors,” said Lord Merriweather, as his horse pranced in the white clay dust.
“Yes, because their Queen rides through this bustling metropolis every day,” said Elizabeth. She waved her hand at the cottages. “They’ll have no truck with such commonplace pleasures.”
Sir Reginald approached Elizabeth. “Your Majesty, the cottages are undisturbed. Nothing has been taken. There is simply no one here.”
“Lovely,” said Elizabeth. “Everyone keep an eye out. Corpses, the undead, all the average things that might jump out at you. Otherwise we’ll push for the next town by nightfall.”
The column climbed out of the valley, horses prancing nervously in the silent morning. Pale daisies nodded mutely in the faint salt breeze.
Lord Merriweather pointed at a goat idly chewing grass by the road in a cloud of black butterflies. “Look—’tis the pastoral infernal.” He winked at his nephew, James, “Beware!”
James whispered to one of the other pages. They laughed like boys on a lark.
Elizabeth scanned the horizon. Green grass, grazing goats, and whirling butterflies.
The breeze shifted and the butterflies broke into a chaotic mass, a living blanket over a goat.
It screamed.
The butterflies twitched and the blanket rose from no goat at all. Not even bones left behind.
“Sweet mother of God,” said Lord Merriweather.
Black butterflies lazily lifted from the thatched roofs in the village below and hovered over the road.
One of the ladies screamed. The dogs barked. Young James’s horse reared and bolted out across the grass. It swerved right and left. The boy tumbled from his horse and fell wheezing on the ground.
Elizabeth yelled to the caravan. “Leave the carts and run.” She urged her horse off the road. The butterflies swarmed forward. She yanked off her lace ruff and swatted the butterflies with its starched folds.
They swirled left and over James’s horse. It bucked and ran.
Elizabeth held onto her saddle’s pommel and reached out to James as she rode by. She lifted him onto her horse and circled back to the road. Galloped up its white length.
The clouds of butterflies fluttered, blotting out the sun, carpeting the grass, but they didn’t follow them down the road.
Elizabeth slowed her horse to a halt and helped James down. She looked at Lord Merriweather. “You might wish to take better care of your nephew. The pastoral can be quite infernal.” Lord Merriweather swung down from his horse and held James by the shoulders. Whispered urgently in a rough voice. More genuine than she’d ever seen him. It wouldn’t last.
Elizabeth shook her head. Glanced to her ladies, but Kat and Blanche were seeing to the lace-and-velvet set.
Meanwhile Cecil looked at her with hangdog eyes. “That was very reckless, Your Majesty,” he swallowed, “but ... ah, yes.”
Elizabeth quirked her lips. “Children, who can love one’s own winding sheet? Obnoxious brats every one of them.” She twisted her locket ring on her left index finger. “But what kind of Hunter would I be if I decorated my progress with the bones of brats?”
“Of course, Your Majesty,” said Cecil.
Elizabeth fiddled with the strip of pleated lace clutched in her hand. “Well, my Spirit. Any thoughts?”
“I’ve never read anything about such creatures.” Cecil looked back at the open moor.
Elizabeth spread out the sadly crumpled ruff. “I’m getting heartily weary of hearing that.”
Cecil turned back to Elizabeth. “Your Majesty?”
“Calm down, Cecil. After all, even for ourself, murderous butterflies are hardly normal, except in my dreams.” Elizabeth pulled a butterfly wing from the folds of her collar. “Ow!” She sucked at her finger. “It’s sharp.”
Sir Cecil reached over and plucked another butterfly wing. “It is made of some kind of stone or glass.”
Elizabeth carefully picked up the butterfly by its body. It had a cat’s head, which snarled with tiny white teeth back at her. The symbols on the wings were familiar in design if not shape.
Shapes like the ones in her dreams. Which helped not at all. “On to Lindsfarne Priory and its great library then.” Elizabeth whistled and started the procession back on its way. Although this time, it traveled at a somewhat faster pace having left the carts to the butterflies.


Chapter 3: The Daughter of Debate
Lucretia --- Various --- Finally
They went woosh down more ley-la-la lines to a town where they’d sleep before going.
Lucretia dreamed. Lucretia was a lake, dark and deep.
Lucretia was the first sun, washed away in a wave. Tlaloc Chalchiuhtlicue. Her name so long, she couldn’t even say it. Only bubble it like a fish.
Lucretia was a river, deep and wide. The flayed man drowned in her. Made her currents blood. She didn’t like being blood, so she flowed to the salty seas. Her deltas were the ocean, and the ocean was vast. Flow on. Flow on. Down.
High above her, the Queen Fire Serpent Lady sailed high and over and slipped into the sky stream of stars. Lucretia spun. 
The hummingbird-man flitted. Stabbed her with his long beak. 
Sweep, sweep, sweep. The serpent-headed mother swept the steps. Swept the hearts into the Lucretia’s waters. She didn’t want to be full of hearts.
She yelled her dreams. Floated paper boats on the tide and hoped someone plucked her gifts from the water.
Lucretia looked out at the moonlit ice and snow. There wasn’t time, but there could be. She looked at sleeping Papa. She looked at the snow. She carefully took time in one hand, because it was very fragile, and folded it. Slipped down into other days. When they could have all the time in the world.
She looked at the window and watched the rain fall. She felt much better now.
Lucretia lay down on her pallet on the floor. Near the earth. Boom, boom, boom went the beat of the earth’s heart.
“Lucretia?” said Papa. “You should try to sleep.”
“I’m trying, Papa, but the earth is being loud again.” Lucretia flipped over in her pallet to look up at Papa.
He peered over the wooden frame of the bed. Beard and face and eye. His hand came down like the hand of God, only older and more wrinkly, resting on her face as he whispered.
Lucretia slept. She was the lake, wide and dark and deep.
In the morning, it rained.
Papa went out and came back in.
He said, “Lucretia.”
“Yes, Papa?” She blinked her dewy innocence eyes at him.
Papa didn’t believe her innocence eyes. He’d seen them before. He said very slowly, “When I went down stair they told me that we hadn’t arrived yet. It’s weeks earlier than when we went to bed.” 
Lucretia mumbled, “I’m sorry, Papa.”
Papa said, “We’re just fortunate that you didn’t create any worse paradox than giant ferns growing in the town square.” He breathed deep. “Please, Lucretia, you must promise me that you won’t do it again.”
She nodded, but he knew and she knew that she would. Had done. Would do. But they pretended.
Lucretia stared out the tiny window at the falling water. She was already wishing she’d gone back farther.
Papa patted Lucretia’s shoulder. “We have something we need to do here.”
Lucretia’s brain bubbled with waking and dreaming and birds that were suns. She spun and stopped. “Oh, we need to get a Jewel!” She smiled shyly and took Papa’s arm.
Papa and Lucretia walked arm in arm down the seashore looking at shells that were never quite the one.
Finally, pale on the dark sand, a conch shell brooded. Lucretia picked it up and ran her rain-pruned fingers along its curves. “The jewel of the wind sings by the seashore.”
“Not yet, but soon.” Papa smiled as the storm shifted into a gentle patter.
“Sea fool by the wind pour,” said Lucretia. Touched the shell. It made her think of rainbows and refraction unicorns, but then, everything did. She liked rainbows and multiform unicorns. They didn’t make any sense.
Guillaume --- Close to some distant shore --- Cloudy day
The ship stopped suddenly with a harsh grinding sound of wood against stone. Guillaume slammed against the side of the hold. He grunted.
Light filtered in a hole that hadn’t been there a moment ago. Wind howled outside.
Guillaume crawled across the tilting floor and peered carefully out the hole.
The sky scudded black-sheep clouds. The ship had foundered a hundred or so yards from a rocky island along a long, low bar of sand and rock. They’d run aground off Lindsfarne Priory. He remembered coming here the first time. When he’d been a man.
He glanced back at the animals in the hold. The goats looked disgruntled. The pig was still plump as dinner. His horse, Sparkita, looked annoyed, peering over the walls of her stall.
Guillaume struggled to his feet on the tilted floor. Water lapped into the ship. It creaked. Not that there was any place to sink.
He went looking for his master and his treasure. Slung the treasure over one shoulder and Margrave Sigismund, grey green and moaning, under his arm. Sparkita snorted as he plopped the Margrave at her feet.
Guillaume picked up Sparkita’s tack and readied her for riding. When he’d secured Margrave Sigismund securely on her back, he went back to the hole in the hold.
Kicked. The wood was strong and waterlogged, but Guillaume wasn’t about to cart a horse up a ladder. So he kicked until he had a horse-sized hole.
He let Sparkita out of her stall and led her to the hole in the ship. He slapped her rump. Sparkita twitched an ear at him before she stepped delicate as the lady she was over the wood and onto the sand bar.
Guillaume slung the treasure sack over his shoulder and jumped out of the hole. Sea water swirled around his boots. He took Sparkita’s bridle and walked her to the island and shelter.
“That’s the biggest hole I’ve ever seen,” said Sir Minehert, as he leaned over the side of the ship.
Sir Harald laughed. “Really?” He leaned far out over the side and tumbled over and into the water.
There was a splat, splat, splash, sputter, yell.
Guillaume looked heavenward to see if the big fat bastard in the sky was watching, but the afternoon sky held only clouds. He kept walking.
“Hey, where’s he going?” asked Sir Minehert.
Guillaume did not answer. The Margrave’s orders kept him from killing Minehert, but he didn’t have to obey the dewberry or even protect him from harm. Margrave Sigismund moaned. He urged Sparkita into a bouncy trot that splashed the water as they ran. A little jolt wouldn’t harm anyone.
At the water’s edge, stairs were carved into the rock. Worn smooth by centuries of feet. Lindsfarne had been old when He had been young. There were worse places to wash up. Even more ironic ones.
Then he smelled it, over the salt tang, the smell of death. There should have been monks out to greet him, or at least look at the ship in their causeway.
He tied the treasure sack to Sparkita’s saddle, pulled his sword from its sheath, and kept her reins loose in one hand as he walked carefully up the hill to stand in front of the Priory.
Its great door was unhinged and half broken. A half dozen bodies lay scattered by the door. They were marked with dozens of deep punctures. Straight through their robes. He looked at a wound, rough wool threads embedded deep. Dusted with shining scales, and what was stranger was the complete lack of blood. Just dust. Their flesh was dry and leathery. Bodies frozen on mountain tops weren’t much different. Hard to be more sea level than Lindsfarne. Also, he’d have expected the birds or Wind Hags to be at them by now. Instead they just looked like so much people jerky.
Guillaume dropped Sparkita’s reins and ran his fingers across deeply scored marks in the wooden doors. Spaced oddly. Too far apart for claws, but nothing like a sword or an axe would make. An acrid smell filled the air like the wind in the desert.
Given what had probably made those marks, he should wait by the door like a sensible creature.
He’d been known for many things, but good sense was never one of them.
He left Sparkita to graze on stubby grass and went into the Priory.
The stone halls were marked with sparkling dust. Scratches scarred the stone. More leathery bodies. Faces frozen in some final moment of something. Most of them looked happy to be dead.
He walked from room to room. Smelled the fading death. The dry charged air. Trailed his fingers over the scarred stone.
In the library, the librarian looked less happy to be dead. Might have been the way he’d been ripped into several pieces. There was dried blood everywhere. Something, several somethings had rolled in it. The shelves were overturned. Books torn apart. In several cases, they’d been punched through with something long and thin. Glittering scales were everywhere. 
Somehow, one book had survived. It sat in the middle of the room. Not a scale on it. He picked it up. It seemed the thing to do.
Then he heard it. Soft tiny breaths. Little sobs from behind the larder door. It was barred from the inside.
No point in kicking the door in. He snapped the door’s hinges with two snicks of his fingers. Pulled the door up and out. He stepped back as the smell of vinegar and piss rolled out into the hallway. A plump little monk with wild eyes and grey hair huddled in the middle of the room. He held a potshard in one hand.
Sweat rolled down the monk’s cheek. He yelled, “Are they gone?”
Guillaume asked, “What?”
The monk blinked at him and gestured to his ears. Made sense, hard of hearing. Guillaume yelled, “Yes!” He leaned against the door frame and wondered how this gorbellied hedge-pig would taste, just a bite before God threw his lightning bolts down. Oh, wait that was the other life when God was good and his justice rolled down like a flood.
The monk giggled and clutched his bit of clay. Rocked in his little puddle of vinegar and urine, with a touch of cinnamon spice.
Guillaume went back to the hall. Looked at the gouge marks that scarred the plaster.
He leaned the door back in its frame and went back to his puttock of a master.
Itz --- Aluria --- Dreamtime
She knew it was a dream, because she was happy.
She climbed the steps, the infinite steps of her temple. Not quite fifteen and just beginning to bud. The wound still fresh on the butterfly brand on her shoulder. The longest night of the year.
The night sky was green, like dark jade, but she did not look up at it. She climbed until she came to the room at the top of the stairs. Came to the Obsidian Mirror, Tezcatlipoca, as it streamed smoke with no fire. She looked in the mirror and she saw herself. A blood snake’s head. She wore a skirt of rattlesnakes and a belt of severed hands.
She was Coatlicue, the third sun.
She kept climbing. Picked up the broken flutes and tidied away the broken hearts. Until at the highest of high, Imex kissed Itz for the first time. The last time. Blessed her with the sacred child of the gods. Itz coughed on the cotton fluff in her throat and she was pregnant with it. Pregnant with blood. Giving birth to the hunter. Giving birth to the next sun.
Imex held back the next sun.
Imex bent back over the altar. The knife did not tremble in Itz’s hand. She cut true. Then it was Itz on the altar. She blinked up at Henri. In her dream she could still weep, and she wept at the love in his eyes. He cut open her chest and he set fire to her heart and it was good. Then he was gone.
The Tzitzimime crowded around her. Her children. She had so many children. The stars. The scales of their coiled barbs glittered and left trails on her skin where they touched. The Tzitzimime were everywhere. They cut her head off and she watched it tumble down the stairs.
Watched the wind blow the devil ships to shore. Saw the whirlwind blow the world away.
She watched her priest and keepers crumple in the whirlwind and become birds. Watched the man they called Quetzalcoatl climb the stairs, although his blood was just blood and not a God’s at all.
In her dreams, she had what she wanted. Grabbed him by the prick and twisted it off. A broken pipe for the clean stone stairs. Ripped open his red-bearded throat. Slammed him into the stone and pulled out his heart. Drank his blood down in greedy gulps, face in the wound, lapped.
He tasted good. He always tasted good. Like octli. Like cocoa. Like salted cold revenge.
He tasted like the fifth sun. All discord and strife and bloodily delicious. When he was a husk, she wanted more.
She always wanted more. She took more.
Drained the real Quetzalcoatl. His red feathers like fire on the water of his green scales. He licked at her with his red, red tongue, and she let him wrap around her waist and purr as she drained him dry.
She pulled the heart from the fourth sun, shuddering like a hummingbird in her hand. He shattered into dust across her breasts. Itched until she bled.
She peeled back the second sun’s skin. So she could wear it. Pulled it all around her as she gnawed on the bones of corn. Grew armies of butterflies from the kernels that tickled and flirted with her new flesh.
But the first sun was the best. The sweetest. All sad eyes and quenched. She drank until she was about to burst. Until she did, and the blood was like a hot wave through her, and she woke as the muscles in her loins clenched and squeezed around nothing.
She lay in her lumpy bed in the inn. She stared at the ceiling. She couldn’t sweat; she gave that away long ago. For nothing.
She whispered, “Stop. Just stop it. Why are you doing this? Why send me messages now? I did not abandon you. You abandoned me.” She whispered it and then yelled it. “They came and they called you demons and you did nothing.” She ripped her pillow apart in one twitch. Feathers scattered across her. She glared at the shuttered darkness of her room. “I was your servant. Sacred and they ... they. I know you’re out there, wanting something. When I begged, you were silent. Get used to wanting.” Sat up in her bed and punched the wall, cracking plaster and stone, but the wall wasn’t what she wanted to hit. “The world can burn, and I’ll dance on the ashes.”
She put her head in her hands. “As if that will work.” She fell back against the remnants of her pillows.
There was a small scratch on her door. “Itz?” Henri pushed the door open and came into the room. Barefoot and heavy-eyed from sleep. “Is something wrong? I heard you yelling?” She looked at him and said nothing. She did not trust her words.
Henri stared at her for a moment across the room.
Then he did a horrible thing.
He came into the room and climbed up the stairs by her bed. Crawled under the covers and curled against her. Warm and soft and trusting. He said into the curve of her neck, “Sometimes I have bad dreams, too.”
She fell asleep as she stroked his soft, soft, bird-down hair, and if she dreamed again, she didn’t remember it.
Michael --- London --- Accounting Time
Legate Pole was praying again. Michael tried to blend into the back of the crowd where he couldn’t hear him clicking on his wooden rosary beads. All Hail Mary, full of grace.
Legate Pole sat on a covered platform. Michael was out here standing in the crowd, and it was snowing red snow, which sounded better than it was: burning, itching sulfur-smelling stuff falling from the sky on his hatless head.
Crowd didn’t like it either. Michael tried to pay attention. Keep his eyes open for conspirators and troublemakers. What he saw was a very annoyed crowd, people who’d shown up for entertainment—a good old-fashioned bear baiting, a disemboweled criminal gutted as he was hung, a heretic at his burning. What they got was an old man tied to a post reciting the Twenty-Third Psalm.
Michael wondered why it was when he was alive he wouldn’t have known the Twenty-Third Psalm from the Hundred-Third Psalm or even known there was a Hundred-Third Psalm. Since he’d died and could remember everything, he could recite the Songs of Solomon backwards while standing in red snow. Which is what he tried to do, but it didn’t help.
Old man prayed, while Legate Pole looked like he’d rather be in Hell rather than here, and Bishop Gardiner jiggled with fat-man glee.
Gardiner said to the head guardsman, “Play the man, Master Ridley; we shall this day light such a candle, by God’s grace, in England, as I trust shall never be put out.” Crowd got even more restless. Legate Pole actually opened his eyes and whispered an argument with Gardiner.
Then the old man was led up onto the pile of green wet wood. His hands bled from where Michael had pulled out his fingernails, but though he walked through the valley of the shadow of death, he feared no evil. His God was with him. It was horrible.
The crowd shifted in the plaza. Ugly angry voices. They were here to see a burning, and the old man was blessing them. Wishing God’s mercy on them, and they didn’t like it. Michael didn’t much like it either.
Bishop Gardiner smiled like it was a festival day. The wood was green and the snow was red and the crowd was heading into becoming a mob.
The old man had moved on from the Psalms and into Solomon. Michael was startled. It was like he’d summoned the Solomon, and there it was.
Old man’s high thin voice said that God was like a flock of goats, like a cedar of Lebanon, his God knew when a sparrow fell. He forgave them, for they knew not what they did.
Michael saw guards come forward with their black smoking torches, soaked in tar. They tried to light the kindling. Some of the wood lit, but it was mostly too wet to do more than sputter and crackle.
The sullen flames licked at the old man, but the tar in the wood didn’t catch fire.
Old man cried out, “Please, good folks, fan the fire. The flames aren’t hot enough. It just burns.” He coughed at the thick black smoke. “As you are good Christians, fan the fire.”
The crowd didn’t so much fan the flames as slam into the guards. Someone, threw a rock. It smashed against where the Legate and Gardiner argued and shattered into mud chips. Michael realized that he was the one who’d thrown it. That he yelled with the crowd. Screamed. Surged forward.
He saw Pole pull Gardiner out the back of the platform, and both of them run for the church. The mob whirled around the pyre. Rocks were flying everywhere. Michael threw his share.
There weren’t enough guards, and it wasn’t anything like a bar fight. It was bigger and vaster, and it was everything like a bar fight. The crowd swarmed around the pyre, pulled it apart with bare hands. With all the blood and smoke and burning red snow, it was hard to tell where anything began and ended and didn’t stop. The crowd rolled up against the church, slammed against the mighty wooden doors and then back down the street. Michael found himself rolling down with it. He smashed windows and doors. He stole things he didn’t want, only to throw them on the ground as the crowd moved on. Grabbed a torch and tried to set fire to thatch wet as the pyre had been along with everyone else.
It was like being part of this enormous creature. An angry stupid giant with a thousand eyes and arms, and it hated everything and everyone. Michael grabbed someone, he didn’t know him, and almost killed him right there but didn’t because then the giant would know he wasn’t a part of it. Threw the lucky bastard away instead.
Michael struggled his way into an alley.
Stood there breathing like it meant something as the mob rolled by. Made his slow way back to the church. Heard the sound of clashing metal as the infantry was called in to kill the giant.
Elizabeth --- Lindsfarne priory --- Low tide
Today, Elizabeth was dressed as Saint Hilda, like in the stained glass window at Lindsfarne Priory. Blue underskirts and a green bliaut with a wimple flowing as she tilted her face at the cloudy sky. Although Saint Hilda wasn’t generally pictured holding a tankard of beer. Elizabeth quaffed her drink and looked out at the causeway as the tide pulled back. “Time to go to prayer.”
She gave her tankard to one of the maids in exchange for a book, The Mirror of the Sinful Soul by la Princesse Marguerite d’Angouleme. Red leather and richly tooled. Elizabeth had spent an enjoyable winter translating and copying it. A book fit for a priory of Lindsfarne’s reputation.
Elizabeth stepped out onto the causeway. Saint Hilda had been famously barefoot and so was Elizabeth. The wet sand squelched between her toes. The day sulked, but that was the coast for you. The wind chopped at the waters and tugged courtiers’ clothes.
They sang as they walked. Book-bearing penitents, how could they keep from singing?
A dark hulk leaned against the rocks at the Priory steps. That was new.
They climbed the worn steps to face the Priory gate.
The doors hung off their hinges, scarred with claw marks. Elizabeth turned to Sir Reginald. She held up two fingers and gestured to her eyes, to the right, straight ahead, and to the left.
Sir Reginald nodded his stocky head and sent guards to search the Priory grounds.
Cecil said, “Those doors have stood a thousand years. Viking jarls. Saxon thanes. Fairy knights.” He touched the splinted wood and then went white under his beard. “Your Majesty, the library!”
“Calmly, my Spirit,” said Elizabeth. She scanned the shadows as she walked into the main hall. “We’ll get naught by rushing.” She wrestled her rapier from beneath her flowing overskirts. “Ahhh!” she said and pulled off her wimple, which she tied around her waist as a belt. “I knew I should have dressed as Saint Brigit, the dragon slayer.”
Clouds scuttled, and for a moment, the sun came out to glare at angry, red-scarred walls, before going back to brood in his misty tent.
Sir Reginald, proud as the hound that returns with a downed bird, returned. “Your Majesty, we found these men in the rectory.” The guards pushed several bedraggled figures through the door. Three were in doublets and hose, while the fourth, a veritable walking mountain, was dressed in outlandishly spiked armor. Pale and comely in an eagle-sharp sort of way. He glowered at Sir Reginald.
A paunchy, red-faced man struck the spiky one across the ears and said, “Do not do anything.” The paunchy man bowed to Elizabeth, “Your Majesty, it is with grave honor that I behold your unexpected beauty.”
“Is my beauty unexpected or my presence?” asked Elizabeth. “While your presence, sir, does not bode well. Where, pray tell, are the monks who would normally greet us?”
“Uh, Your Queenliness,” said another of the men in a thick German accent. “I be Sir Harald, this be Sir Minehert, and he be Margrave Sigismund.”
Elizabeth responded in smooth court German, “You may do better if you speak in your own language. I did not ask who you are, but where are the monks?”
“Our ship foundered on the rocks,” said Sir Minehert. “The sailors are around here somewhere.” He looked about as if expecting them to appear from the walls.
Elizabeth gestured and a guard yanked Margrave Sigismund’s arm up and back. She said, “I shall ask one more time politely, where are the monks and why is this holy place in such disarray?”
The man in the spiked armor sighed. “Priory was like this when we got here.”
“You, sir, are impertinent, and so soon in our acquaintance.” She looked over the shifting shiny points of his armor. Something about him niggled at the edge of her mind. She misliked the sensation. She said, “And you are unidentified, which is disagreeable.”
“He’s no one,” said Margrave Sigismund, he glanced at a guard and gingerly stepped forward. “Actually, ummm, a gift. He’s a gift.”
“A gift,” said Elizabeth. “I am not in the habit of accepting handsome men as gifts. Normally, I get weapons or books.” She paused. “One can hope that this will start a new fashion.” A tide of carpets containing ever more handsome gentlemen, dressed a la Cleopatra, unrolled in her mind’s eye at her feet. With her luck, they’d be louts.
“Yes. Umm ... he’s not a man,” said Margrave Sigismund. “Uh, we heard of your great beauty and decided to come serve you.” Margrave Sigismund pointed at a sack held by one of Elizabeth’s men. “We have other gifts. A book, very learned I’m told. Some gold plates. A silver bell. And a vampire for the Hunter Queen. I have his pedigree right here.” Margrave Sigismund fished some papers out of his doublet. “And um, here, his ring.” He pulled a dull metal ring from a pudgy finger. “By the grace of God in the Seal of Solomon, I freely give him to you.” He held out the ring, looked at the guards, and then practically threw it at her.
She caught the ring reflexively. Looked at it in her hand. It was covered in fine Aramaic script. The Seal of Solomon. Useful for controlling vampires, djinns, and other assorted dangerous-to-own things. She looked at Margrave Sigismund, one eyebrow raised.
The Margrave had progressed to diuretic babbling. “He’s very vicious. An excellent fighter. Can take a whole castle by himself. Although, you may want to be careful how you word it. And, and famous. He’s very famous. There are poems. And you can have him do this thing where you can make him recite poetry or ... ” Her new vampire stared at the Margrave, too.
Elizabeth put the ring on her finger. Life, ever the surprise. She said, “I cannot imagine a gift more inappropriate for my position as Queen and Hunter than to give me a demon as a gift. You may as well give me a trussed pig and ask that I kill it for supper.” She paced around Margrave Sigismund. “Or perhaps you think the Hunter should take a vampire into her service as a pet?”
“Your Majesty, I meant no offense. I’ll take him back. I’ll stake him right now,” said Margrave Sigismund.
The vampire folded his metal clad arms with a decided clank.
“Have you such a care for my sexly weakness that you offer to kill a vampire for the Hunter Queen?” Elizabeth wove through the men, forcing them to step back with her paces. “Perhaps you will offer to heal the king’s illness with a touch. Or perhaps you merely wish to sire the next King.” She plucked the papers from the Margrave’s hand.
“I ... I meant no offense, Your Majesty,” said Margrave Sigismund. If he’d been sweating before, now he was in a torrent.
“Bah. What’s done is done.” She touched the vampire’s shoulder briefly and murmured, “Stay.” She turned back to Margrave Sigismund. “I am so very much wroth that I can barely speak. You come to me unannounced, bearing battered trumpery and offering me the insult of a demonic servant.” She held her hand to her forehead. Perhaps a trifle overplayed, but some people required broad comedy. “Leave Us.”
Sir Reginald seemed uncertain of these orders, but her faithful Bulldog nodded. “Yes, Your Majesty.” He and his men pulled the protesting Margrave and his men from the room. At a gesture, Blanche and Kat withdrew to the far end of the room. They pulled their embroidery from a bag and began to sew with an air of not listening.
Elizabeth grimaced. “Now that fools have left us.” She glanced at the papers in her hand, searching for the creature’s name.
He shook his head and said, “You must be a Prince, for you are the most absolute of wenches.”
Elizabeth darted a glance at the man’s pale sharp face. “No, sir. I am the Queen of Wenches, a godly Lady and a Hunter of the Night besides.” She flipped through his papers. Who knew vampires came with so much paperwork; ah, there was the creature’s name, Guillaume FitzJohn.
“A Hero.” He leaned against the wall, arms still crossed, pale eyes watching her down a long length of nose. “Know what I do with Heroes?”
Ah, the banter portion of the undead discussion. Elizabeth impatiently handed the papers to Cecil, “No, sir. Pray enlighten me.”
Guillaume twisted his lips into some sort of excuse of a smile. “Kill them.”
At least he was to the point. Elizabeth held up one hand to her chest. “Why sir, I am all a tremble.” She smiled. “That is precisely what I like to do with vampires. Pray tell, how many Heroes have you slain?”
Guillaume shrugged. “More than you can count.” He paused as if considering from a stack of words. “You currish motley-minded pumpion,” paused again, “little girl.”
Such loquacity. Perhaps she should keep him for practicing insults with. Right before her Lords rose up in revolution over her new pet. Some kingdoms might hold with such pets, but not hers. She said, “I am no giant like some, but this woman can count quite high.” Elizabeth shook her head in mock sorrow. “I am sorry that your mathematics are so lacking. I’ll not trouble you with the numbers of vampires and demons and bumps in the night that I’ve coursed to their end, for it’s rather more than you have fingers and toes.”
“Ahem,” said Cecil. He looked at Blanche and Kat, who had put aside their embroidery to listen and watch this exchange. “Ahem,” he said again, as he stepped between his Queen and her new pet. “Your Majesty. There is still the question of the Priory and what happened to the monks.”
Elizabeth sighed. “Point well taken, my Spirit. The good Margrave strikes me as a weaselly sort of villain and a coward besides. So, my Dog, as your master, and so on, tell me, did you kill the monks?”
Cecil said, “Your Majesty, surely he will lie.”
Elizabeth rolled her eyes at him. “My Spirit, I’m surprised at you. Doubting our good demon’s veracity like that. Also, as you well know,” she held up her right hand, now decorated with an ugly iron ring, “the Seal of Solomon does not work like that.” She raised her brows at Guillaume. “Pray do not fall silent now. Speak the truth and shame my pumpion heart.”
Guillaume snorted. “Didn’t kill them, but I would have.” He continued to lean against the wall in a most insolent manner. Then again, he was a vampire. She supposed insolence was bred into them, along with bloodlust and an aversion to sunlight.
“I should think if the tales are true, not expressly given the order to not kill,” said Elizabeth. “Now then, before I decide what to do with you... ”
“I know what I’d do with him,” Kat called out. “He looks a right one for keeping a body warm at night.”
Blanche coughed and said, “He does look quite skilled with his lance,” then elbowed Kat. They fell into peals of laughter. Great, now they were both at it.
Cecil looked like he was about to burst into flame with ruddy humors.
Guillaume said, “I am dead. I will not keep anyone warm at night.”
Kat turned and whispered to Blanche and then said, “But sir, ’tis the sheath that keeps the sword warm.”
“Ladies!” said Cecil. “He’s evil!”
Elizabeth sighed. “I think that’s the point, my Spirit, but it does not answer the central question. If my ladies can restrain themselves.” She glanced back at Kat and Blanche, who were fanning themselves with bits of embroidery. You’d think they’d never seen a comely face before.
She turned back to that comely face with the oddly familiar scar on his right cheek. She said, “I command you to elaborate on what you think happened to the monks. Embroider. Impress me. Speak.”
Kat and Blanche rustled in the background. They seemed to be mentally signaling to be asked to draw closer. They could hear just fine from where they were.
Guillaume stretched in display of long lean limbs and twisting metal. Good Lord, the creature was tall. Kat whispered something to Blanche, who coughed.
Guillaume said, “The ship crashed. Found the dead monks. I threw the bodies in the cellar. There was one survivor, half deaf, who locked himself in the larder.” Guillaume crossed plate-sheathed arms. “What killed the monks was tall. Covered in iridescent scales. That means sparkly.”
“Thank you, I know,” said Elizabeth. “Pray continue.”
“I thought you well read and a Godly Lady.” Guillaume shook his head. “They were Nephilim. Three of them from the tracks. ’Tis why the half-deaf monk in the scullery lived. He couldn’t hear them singing, so he didn't run into their arms to die. And they couldn’t stand to go near all those spices.”
Cecil coughed. “I hardly think that being undead qualifies you as an expert on the occult.”
Guillaume shrugged. “I’ve been around.”
Elizabeth looked at her new servant. Guillaume FitzJohn. Bleached bone white, hawk nose, scar on his cheek, mountain of a man. Nephilim. She said, “Good Lord.” She grabbed the papers back from Cecil and scanned down them. Looked back up at Guillaume, who had once consumed a dragon’s heart, which bleached him white, got a scar on his cheek fighting a frost giant, and said, “You’re the Goodly Knight.”
Guillaume grimaced. “I am not good.”
Kat chuckled. “I knew you looked familiar.”
Blanche elbowed her. “Then he really is good with his lance.”
“And if the stories be true, quite the cunning linguist,” said Kat.
Blanche laughed.
Her Spirit frowned as he was wont to do when they were being particularly frivolous and said, “Your Majesty, Ladies. The Goodly Knight died at the battle of the Horns of Hattin. We should be looking for a book that can explain what is happening.”
“Then my dear Spirit, set the men to looking through the library, and question the deaf monk besides.” She walked around Guillaume. Looked up at him. “You are,” held up the hand with the iron ring, “were, the Goodly Knight. But there’s an epic poem about your death. And yet,” she waved her hand at him, “here you are.”
Guillaume looked at her sourly. “Depends on your definition of death.”
“Perhaps in death, your manners lost their patina.” Momentarily, Elizabeth wished that she had brought her copy of “The Romance of the Goodly Knight and the Apple.” Elizabeth paused, pulled the book from the battered bag. Unfortunately, it was neither the Codex nor about an Apple. Merely an unrelated romance. “But then you know how to kill the Nephilim. You slew the one at the gates of the Garden of the Hesperides. Mind you, the poem was rather vague on how, beyond the standard ‘they fought for three days and three nights.’“
Guillaume, God’s Teeth this was stranger than fighting Grendel’s mother, said, “I didn’t kill the Nephilim. I threw a bag of pepper at it, grabbed the apple, and ran.”
“Oh,” said Elizabeth, “that is disappointing.” She ignored Blanche and Kat’s commentary on the cleverness of this stratagem. “But you can rise once more in my good graces if you know how to kill them. Do tell.”
Guillaume scratched at some hidden bit under a vambrace. “Before heading out, I tracked down a wiseman. He told me what they always say.”
Ah, yes, it was as if wisemen never had anything else to suggest. “Cannot be killed by any weapon forged, wielded by any man born,” said Elizabeth.
“Close.” Guillaume showed off his tiny little fangs. Elizabeth had no idea why vampires were so proud of them. For teeth they had nothing on goblins. He said, “Weapon had to be part of you or one you’d made yourself, and even then there is a catch.”
“Lovely,” said Elizabeth. Briefly she wondered in the epic poem about her life, how this encounter would be written.
Cecil said, “I’m sure that we will be able resolve the question by a thorough review of the available books. There is a copy of the writings of Abraham ibn Ezra in York.”
Guillaume grunted. “That was the wiseman.”
Cecil turned red.
Elizabeth stepped between Guillaume and Cecil, wishing again that she’d worn shoes today. Shoes with heels. She said, “You really are a vexing creature, but as I am the Mistress of Vexation, pray sir, do continue.”
Guillaume pushed away from his wall and straightened, “Abdul claimed that Nephilim can only be killed by something equally mixed up: hypergryphs, sphlinxes, merfolk, and the like.”
“This presents Us with something of a dilemma. We must continue to research the nature of the coming crisis, and yet We cannot let creatures roam our lands killing people.” She shrugged. “They might be unrelated, or they may be the thing itself.”
“Your Majesty!” said Cecil, practically pulling out his beard.
“Cecil, we already have a halfling.” She looked pointedly at Guillaume. “Is this a walking dead man that I spy with my royal eye?” She thought a moment. “And certainly according to the Pope, I’m halfway to this and that and the other. Surely between the two of us, we can kill a few angelic bastards.”
Guillaume half smiled. Lord, it didn’t but half transform him.
Kat giggled as if she were a young girl.
Guillaume said, “Nephilim are next to impossible to kill. Deadly.” Good to see he was happy at the prospect of a horrible death.
Cecil shook his head. “Your Majesty, you cannot seriously plan to keep this creature in your service. Surely you mean to kill him as is your sacred duty.”
“Yes, of course,” said Elizabeth. “The world is about to end; a figure out of history, one of the few to have faced a Nephilim and lived to tell the tale, comes into my hands. Naturally, I should kill him. Perhaps, I should set fire to the library as an encore.” She patted Cecil’s shoulder. “Have no fear,” she smiled ruefully, “there is always later.”
Guillaume snorted. He came around Elizabeth’s left. Loomed forward. “Later never comes.” He was trying to intimidate them, but if there was one thing Elizabeth knew, it was when a person wanted something from her.
“I don’t believe I was speaking to you,” said Cecil. He stepped forward to glare up at Guillaume. It was like watching a dog bark at a bear.
Guillaume circled around Cecil. “No, but I’ve served more kings than you’ve years.” He looked at Elizabeth, at her suddenly silent ladies. Not so humorous now. Guillaume swept his hand along the gouges in stone, striking sparks with his gauntleted fingers. He said, “There’s always one more thing that needs doing.” His face turned still. He no longer looked so handsome. More horrible. Elizabeth wondered at the Margrave’s stupidity in handing him over to anyone so easily.
Cecil clenched his fists and then spread them flat. He said, “I have put my faith in Her Majesty. Her reign is the divine will.” Nice to hear. Elizabeth could practically hear Cecil’s unspoken “Ha, take that, varlet.”
Guillaume shook his head. “I’ll speak plain.”
At last, they came to it. “There’s plainer yet.” Elizabeth waved her hand at the wall. “You may strip the plaster from the walls.”
“I will ask what I have asked of every master.” He unsheathed his sword and creaked down on to one bended knee. Like something from a tapestry. He said, “No matter my uses, have a care for those I have killed. None speaks for them but I.” His fingers tightened around his sword hilt. “When we are done, take my sword and part the head from the body of this thing that I have become.”
He breathed out in a long breath, though as any fool knew, he didn’t need to draw so much as a single breath. She laid her hand over the pommel of his sword and smiled crookedly. “I am known to be capricious, but my Demon, as you may agree, there is no ruler in Christendom who can so little afford to own you as myself.”
Guillaume knelt there a moment longer. “We will see, my Mistress of Vexation.” He stood and sheathed his sword. Good. The blade was practically as tall as Kat.
“Yes, we will.” She turned to Cecil. “My Spirit, why are you still here? Off with you. There’s work to be done. Have the men start crating up everything in the library. Take it all back to York and sift through it at your leisure, while we will follow on the heels of these giants with the sensitive noses.”
“This is a very bad idea, Your Majesty,” said Cecil, glancing at Guillaume. “He cannot be trusted.”
“I’m touched by your concern,” said Elizabeth. She looked over at the hovering Cecil, “My Spirit, go direct the search of the library. There may yet be secrets to be gleaned about thwarting these Nephilim, while we will remain with Sir Guillaume.” Elizabeth pointed to the giggling Kat and Blanche. “If my ladies can control their humors.”
Kat and Blanche looked at each other. Kat squared her shoulders and thought for a moment. Said something about spikes. She and Blanche made a steady back and forth of suggestions for armor, pikes, swords that was truly an amazing expression of ingenuity. Even her monster ghosted a glimmer of a smile.
Cecil stroked his beard and sighed. “Yes, Your Majesty,” he said, and left the room.
“Now then, my Demon, Demon Hound, Bad Knight, I must think of a good name for you before I’m to kill you. Purely for my own epic poem you, understand.” She waved her index finger in the air. “Now that Cecil is no longer here to be so wonderfully vexed with us, perhaps a bit more description of our giant friends.”
As she listened, Elizabeth tapped a bare foot on the floor. She really wished she’d worn shoes. Maybe she wouldn’t feel so short.
Chapter 4: Hath Fraught With Cares Troubled Wit
Michael --- London --- Six Bells
He went into the church, the great wooden doors opened and guards swarmed in. Wasn’t like Michael could pray, but he went in anyway as he‘d been commanded to do. Found Bishop Gardiner sitting on a pew next to Legate Pole, sprawled on the ground, head bashed in, and tacky blood smeared across the stone floor. A gold candlestick lay bent on the ground.
Michael asked, “What the hell happened?”
Bishop Gardiner sat in the pew like a red-splattered lump and stared at Michael. A big, froglike lump. There was a dazed expression on his face. “What?”
Michael wondered why this was always happening to him? Alvarado was probably questioning some slattern, while Michael was here with a crazy Bishop. Michael asked, “What happened to the Legate?” Although it was kind of obvious what happened to the Legate.
“What?” Gardiner shook his head and looked down at his clenched hands. He said, “The rioters broke into the church and killed Legate Pole.” Gardiner was sweating. Stank of it, slouched in his pew.
Michael stared at him. He wanted to tell the most powerful churchman in England he was a lying liar who lies. “No, they didn’t. The doors held. They went to go burn easier fish.”
Bishop Gardiner growled, “The Holy Spirit filled me with divine strength, and like Samson and the Philistines, I was able to fight them back with naught but a candlestick.” Bishop Gardiner stood up, his eyes were everywhere but on the Legate, “I do not have time for your inane questions. We must move quickly to round up everyone who was at the burning.”
Michael stared at Gardiner some more. Had no clue what to do. Gardiner was lying. It was obvious what happened. Michael looked down at the cooling Legate. Man hadn’t died from a love tap. That was serious hate.
He should report to Felipe.
Michael left Gardiner mumbling about heresy and went back as fast as he could to the Tower.
He picked up the pace. He ran up the White Tower stairs and into the vamperie.
Stopped in the doorway. Alvarado was back and doing paperwork.
Alvarado said, “Close the door.”
Michael stepped into the room and carefully closed the door. Tried to think what forms he was supposed to have filled out. 
Alvarado turned a heavy vellum page. He continued to read.
Alvarado turned another heavy vellum page. Finally he looked up and said, “Your penmanship is remarkably improved. Mainly in that it is almost nonexistent. You must learn to write up full reports on what you discover.” He turned another vellum page. “We will be reporting to Their Majesties shortly.”
“Err, about the riot?” asked Michael. Had Alvarado sent the army in? Had he found out about the gambling? Or the drinking? Michael’d meant to write up a report on his interviews with people. He knew a hell of a lot about earthquakes.
Alvarado looked at him strangely. “No. Your instincts were quite correct. Queen Elizabeth is planning something. Her troops are mobilizing on her southern border.” He picked up the papers and stood up. “What riot?”
“What. But,” Michael looked around the room, “I mean, the smuggler didn’t know nothing.” Paused, “I mean anything. I mean, I haven’t found anything about a conspiracy. I mean I found lots. And Legate Pole was just killed. There was a riot, but they didn’t get inside and ... and don’t believe Gardiner’s story about fighting like Samson and ... ”
Alvarado stared at him. He walked around the desk. “When you have as much experience as I have, you will be able to more clearly define the patterns to actions.”
Alvarado walked to the door. “Follow me and try not to irritate His Majesty.”
Michael dumbly followed Alvarado. Great, Alvarado went and found a plot and what did Michael find? A whole lot of running around, earthquakes, stories about dead Ravens, and priests killing each other, and he had a hangover and just wanted to know what was going on.
Michael sighed. Followed Alvarado to where the lovebirds were brooding. Room smelled strange. Like blood except without the sweet bite. Heavier. Michael wondered if one of Her Majesty’s ladies was on the rag. Hard to tell. Lot of them stank.
Mary muttered into her mirror. Face kinda scrunched up like she was passing gas. While Felipe was looking at a map and whispering to himself. Great, it was going to one of those meetings.
Alvarado bowed to Felipe and Mary, had just opened his mouth when Mary said, “Blood and fire purifies sin. We have to be pure.”
Definitely going to be one of those meetings.
Alvarado said, “Your Majesties, I believe that we have uncovered a vast conspiracy that goes far beyond a simple plot to overthrow Her Majesty.” Alvarado pointed to the map. “Across your kingdoms, we have had reports of strange storms and famine. Rebellions. Earthquakes. But none across the border in the lands of York.” He traced the line that marked the border with York. “The Queen of York and Scotland is dabbling in occult matters to destroy all outside her kingdom.” He glanced at Michael. “And Michael informs me Legate Pole has just been murdered.”
“Err...” Michael fiddled with one of his knives.
Mary laughed suddenly and held her stomach. “Of course, the moment that I heard, that’s when it began.”
Felipe looked at her warily. “What began?”
Mary rocked in her chair. “We’re going to have a baby.” She rubbed her belly. “We have to burn them out. We have to keep our baby safe.”
That’s when Michael realized what the strange smell was. Mary was having a baby. Right now. Which was a bit of a pisser. He’d laid quid he didn’t have on its being a tumor.
An old apple-face lady put down her sewing and hovered at Mary’s elbow. “Your Majesty, has your water broken? Have the contractions gotten closer together?”
Felipe smiled like a soon-to-be father. He said, “See that the Queen is taken to her bed and the midwives brought.” He chuckled as Mary was helped from her chair. Tapped his fingers on the map. “Once our child is delivered, we should gather Her Majesty’s troops.” Felipe traced his fingers along the fault lines in the map. “I think that our neighbor may find that she has bitten off more than she can chew. She may wield the power of the devil, but God is on our side.”
Alvarado nodded sharply, “Of course, Your Majesty.” Hustled over to attach himself to Felipe’s elbow.
Michael tried to take a closer look at the map, but Felipe said, “That will be all, Michael. Leave now. We will summon you later as we develop our strategy for quelling Elizabeth’s traitors.”
Michael told himself that was fine with him. He didn’t want to stand around listening to them anyway.
Elizabeth --- Lindsfarne Abbey -- Infinite Finite
Elizabeth breathed in and coughed. “That is without a doubt, the foulest stench that I have ever inhaled.”
Kat beamed. “It’s the cheese and vinegar. Smells like feet.”  
Elizabeth presented the jar to her Demon, who sniffed it. He said, “I’ve smelled worse.”
Elizabeth considered an extremely witty retort of the likes that would go down in the history of witty retorts when the room changed. It didn’t shiver or waver or any of the other things that happen when a spell occurred. Merely one moment they stood in the abbey’s kitchen and the next they stood in a ruin with tall trees and grass everywhere. For some reason there was a goat eating dandelions. 
Her demon expressed what they were all thinking by saying, “Scabrous blue balls of hell.” Although, perhaps Elizabeth would not have phrased it so succinctly.
She was about to tell him so when an extremely youthful Viking tottered across the lawn. He dragged a sword behind him that was three times his height.
She was so completely nonplused that she simply stared at him. Good Lord in Heaven, the boy had a winged hat on. He said, in rather antique Norse, “For this shame, I will feed your entrails to the ravens.” Elizabeth could not help herself. She laughed. He became so enraged that he ran forward, tripped on his sword and fell. Burst into tears as his hat bounced on the grass. 
Kat and Blanche comforted the weeping boy. 
Elizabeth looked up at wild roses climbing over the broken walls. “At least it answers where the Vikings had disappeared to.” She laughed again, anticipation of the journey of adventure bubbling up from her toes. “Someone has been playing with time magics with the expected results. I wonder when they are.”
She waved at Cecil across the wide remnants of buildings. He stood under an apple tree tumbling with blossoms. They drifted around his head rather picturesquely. He glanced around in horror and ran to her pursued by a horde of childish Vikings. 
At which point, Elizabeth was obliged to save him. It would have been overly dignifying the events to call it a battle. Kat was forced to box several ears, and her Demon growled something in Norse that had the whole lot of them turn to him in amazement. At which point, he was designated entertainment, the better for Elizabeth to discuss Cecil’s book.
Cecil’s report was mostly in the nature of babbling. “There was a girl. Wild eyed and barefoot. She handed me this book and asked if there was a fine. Then she said she was early and late and she wasn’t there. There was a tree where she‘d been. In the library. Except there’s no library. And all the books are gone. Except for the ones we packed. Oh, I hope they’re fine. They should have been out of the radius. I sent them ahead, but this book. This is the book.” He waved the book at her. 
A colorful page broke free and landed at her feet. Familiar images danced in lines across the paper. She crouched down for a better look. Two men in fantastic feathered headdresses faced one another at the top of the page. She whispered, “Tezcatlipoca and Quetzalcoatl,” without any real idea why she’d said that. She cleared her throat.  Crabbed writing crowded notes in the margins. She must have read the words in the margins. She held it out to Cecil and jollied a smile to her face. “Excellent work. I’m sure you’ll have figured out the cure for apocalypse in no time.” She chuffed his shoulder. “While I shall take the simpler tasks of fighting giants.“ 
A thought occurred to her. Grew a grin on her face. “As a gift, I give you my suitors. They‘re slow.” She could have added annoying, but she felt it was included in the twinkle of her eye.
Cecil began his protest, but she would have none of it. She said, “We are the Queen, and Hunter, and We have decided.” 
She looked down at her jars of foul. If anything, they had increased in odor. 
Her Demon shook off child Viking. “Congratulations. Now it is the foulest stench this side of a dragon‘s entrails.”
She gave him the wink. “You whisper such sweet nothings,” and resolutely did not think about books that she knew nothing about.
Lucretia --- On the trail --- Backward
Red liquid rock oozed from the fire mountain and hissed through ice and into the North sea. 
Lucretia scrunched her bare toes for warmth. She wished she could remember where her shoes had skipped to. She said, “Here, Papa, we have to hurry. The angel’s coming.” 
Papa arranged metal stars on the dark earth.
Lucretia tilted her head. She said, “If we’re going to sing the star spirits down, we need more,” she waggled her fingers, “things.”
“Influences, my dear. I will be gathering the celestial influence like metal to a magnet.” He passed his wand over the stars on the ground. They glinted at the stars in the sky. “Star metal. Star Flowers.”
Papa scattered dried flowers inside the pattern. He pulled out a squirt the air thingy. 
She sniffed. It smelled like spring. 
Papa sighed. “Lucretia, when did you take off your shoes?”
“Earlier.” She looked up at him in the rising darkness. “I wanted to walk a mile in my feet.”
He sat her down on a rock and tucked a blanket around her bare feet. He said, “A stone, a plant, smell, sound, imagination, reason, contemplation. According to Ficino, this should collect the angelic influences, and according to the Codex, we need to gather the influences of the stars if we are to make the Jewel of the Wind, which I believe to be key in saving the world.”
She took his weathered hand in her pale soft fingers. “You can’t trust the angels.”
He squeezed her hand and said, “The angelic influences are immortal and perfect.”
She wriggled her toes, “I miss my shoes.”
They waited until the stars moved in the sky. Until the light willow-wisps swirled the stars on the ground and it was time. Too late. They heard the Angel singing.
Horrible beautiful. The sound frosted her skin. Raised every hair on her warm-blooded body. 
“Beautiful,” whispered Papa. He stood up like a jerky puppet and not like Papa at all. He cried really happy.
It wrapped its tentacle-wings-body around Papa. Sang to him and he laughed. Life streamed from his mouth.
The creature turned to Lucretia.
It came down to this, emptiness eyes and hungry heart. She whispered, “Last winter, I killed myself.” The creature swayed to the rhythm of her voice and sang. Lucretia whispered, “I’m dead, dead, dead.”
It brushed her cheek, cold, touched her neck, and down her breasts, ice, and all the while, Lucretia whispered, “I’m dead, dead, dead.”
It brushed by her.
Lucretia alone on the mountain. She looked at her Papa and she cried. She held his head in her lap. Rocked her Papa in her arms and tried not to be sad. She’d hoped this wasn’t the way they were going. 
The wind pushed a strand of hair behind her cheek and it was somewhen Papa. She looked at the frozen waves and the stone that once moved like water into the solid sea. Maybe it didn’t have to be.
She picked up the stars from the ground. Held them in her small hands over the shell, the Jewel of the Wind, and whispered the words she knew Papa would have said until she was done.
Papa whispered not to blow the Jewel of the Wind. That it wasn’t hers to blow. Fluttered at her hair.
But she smiled. Even knowing that most times it didn’t work, she climbed back through time to before she came. Maybe this would be the time it did. She held the shell in her hands and blew the call to summon the bestest things to fight creatures. Did it before they came so they’d be there when she and Papa had arrived. She climbed back through the days, but when she returned, Papa lay there still. Cold. Dead.
A butterfly crawled out of his mouth. It fluttered black wings and growled at her. It didn’t know her. It was confused. Like she was. It flew away on the breeze. At least it didn’t try to eat her.
She wanted to sit down. She was tired, but she needed to return the book the Abbey. Someone had it on reservation and would need it next. She had a long way to go. But that wasn’t a problem. She had all the time in the world. 
Guillaume --- Next village --- Afternoon
The breeze drifted up to him from behind his back. Even through his helm, he could smell the horses, metal, people, sweat, perfume, and her, his Queen of Vexations. Under the sweat and the dirt, she smelled of burnt sugar and sandalwood, and something else he had no words to describe. The demon hunger slid through his heart like the worm it was. He could see himself ripping open that white throat of hers and gorging on her blood, on that smell. Gulping her life until her vexing heart stopped its beating.
He was empty and hollow. He echoed inside. He was a cockered crook-pated codpiece. A haggard. A coxcomb. A ... there wasn’t a word for what he was.
He’d fasted the night before he became a knight. Fasted and prayed. This night had gone on so very long, and God had stopped hearing his prayers long ago.
Instead, he sent Guillaume vexations. The Queen’s ladies trotted up beside him.
“Good after the noon, Sir Guillaume,” said Blanche; he could hear her shifting in her sidesaddle. Her leg had to be sore after so many hours curled into that position, and she was not a young woman, but she never complained.
They ambled along the road for a time. The Ladies whispering. Horses restless for a run. The breeze carrying on with him like an errant lewdster.
Finally, Guillaume asked, “What do you want?”
Kat burst into laughter. The woman could make the Wife of Bath blush, or buy her an ale.
Blanche said, “Nothing, dearie,” and cleared her throat.
They rode on down the road.
Kat said, “Actually, we were wondering, Sir Guillaume, if you ever take off your armor.” She laughed a breast-jiggling laugh. “You’ve slept in it these last several nights.”
His Queen of Vexations cantered up. “Trying to get my Demon out of his clothes, my Ladies?”
Guillaume glanced back, and through the long narrow slit in his helm, there was his newest master, in her odd little breastplate and jaunty plumed hat. Halfway to Lady Silence. Halfway to something else.
“Perhaps,” said Kat, pulling her eyes wide as some sort of an innocent. Puckish flirt-gill. “We thought we’d step in with questions more to the point. Like what is he hiding under all that armor.”
Elizabeth snorted in a very unsilent fashion. She said, “I think, Kat, that my Demon is trying to impress you with his manly prowess by wandering at all hours in armed defense.”
Now it was Guillaume’s turn to snort. He’d almost forgotten how ladies could be. Dressed in silk and steel, bantering as they rode off to battle. He had ample enough reminders now.
“Oh, surely it is you he’s seeking to impress, Your Majesty, with his long looks when you are not looking.” Kat clucked her tongue. “Perhaps your vampire longs to take a little prick of your blood.” she waved her little finger. “Just as much as you’d share with a flea.”
Worse than a puckish flirt-gill. Kat was a lady of good humor.
Kat made fist of her hand, “Or does this suit you better, Sir Guillaume?”
He shrugged and did not answer. Odd how much sunshine there was. It seemed a century or so since he’d had to ride through this much sunlight.
Kat shook her head sadly at Blanche. “If you never remove your armor, even at night, how can we tell what you’re hiding?”
Blanche shifted on her palfrey and said, “Speak for yourself, Kat. I’ve imagination enough.”
Kat sighed. “That’s the trouble with you maiden ladies, you rely too much on imagination.”
“And you thrice-wed widows rely too much on action,” said Elizabeth. “For to my mind three husbands is three too many.”
Kat laughed, and that the captain of the guard’s heart skipped a beat. Ah, that was the way of it then. But Sir Reginald stayed where he was. All the better to watch Guillaume’s exposed back. All the better to listen to Kat banter.
They rode some little ways. The ladies bantered around, about him, to him.
Then the woods gave way to a small market town. The streets were littered with the dead.
“Oh,” said Kat. She exhaled a long breath. “No matter how many times I see the like.” She turned back to Elizabeth, “Will there be time for a Christian burial, Your Majesty?”
But Elizabeth had already wheeled her horse around. “Sir Reginald.”
Sir Reginald with his usual efficiency sent his men in pairs through the buildings. Guillaume knew they were empty of life. Even the fruit trees were dead and rattled their leaves. A sure sign of the Nephilim’s passage.
He dismounted next to a desiccated a woman in a grey-green dress in the shadow of a broken house. She’d been dead for at least three days.
Something flashed out of the corner of his eye. He caught the thing that Elizabeth tossed to him.
It was a shovel.
Elizabeth danced her horse and said, “Come, my Demon, I’m told vampires have strong muscles that do not tire. Please me then and dig me a grave.”
Guillaume looked at the shovel in his hand. In the shadow of the building, he removed his helm and met her dark midnight gaze. “Queen of Vexations and a Godly Lady besides.” He bowed slightly to her. Then he skirted through shadows to a vegetable patch and put the blade of the shovel point first into the ground. Pushed down with his foot and scooped a blade full of earth like he’d seen so many farmers do all the years as he’d passed by.
As he dug, he heard Elizabeth commanding her men to gather the bodies of the villagers.
Kat said, “You should hold it a bit more like this.” He looked up. Kat stood a few feet a way. She mimed with her hands. “Dirt’s not an attacker. You want to scoop it.”
Guillaume thought a moment, digging down under the detritus. “Thank you, good Lady Kat,” considered a long moment, compliments rusted from long disuse, “Juno fair,” and scooped a shovel full of earth.
She chuckled over goddesses while he dug, falling into a rapid rhythm. He glanced at her. To all outward appearances, they were the same age.
Beside him the pile of bodies grew. As he dug, Kat went to each one, cut off a piece of fabric from their clothes and tied it around their eyes, which had been dried open by the Nephilim when they died. As she worked, she pulled out a tiny plain cross hidden under her clothes, and whispered prayers over each one.
It was annoying. The demon in his heart didn’t care, but it made Guillaume feel like a scraggled scraprat. He went back to attacking the dirt. Threw it in flying clods. Finally, he couldn’t take the noise anymore. He said, “How can you pray to the Bastard?”
Kat crouched on the ground next to the body of a child. A girl with black curls and flaking skin. Kat snipped at the bottom of the girl’s dress with tiny scissors. She said, “I was Her Majesty’s tutor before I was a lady in her court, and she was not my first student. I know that look. I’m supposed to say something soft-headed and then you’re going to tell me how I don’t know anything.” She wrapped the thin cloth around the little girl’s face. “Remember, don’t dig as if you’re fighting.” Straightened the child’s curls. “Digging isn’t a war. Pretend it’s a woman, if you can remember how that’s done.”
Which left Guillaume even more turned around. Like he should be killing something. He was always killing something. He went back to shoveling. He slid the blade of the shovel in between slick layers of brown clay and soft chunks of earth. He kept going until he’d dug a six-foot trench.
He reached over the side and picked up the child. She was very light.
“Careful,” said Kat.
“Yes, good Lady Kat, Juno fair,” said Guillaume. He laid the girl down in the dirt. He couldn’t even begin to remember a prayer. He picked up the next body instead.
By now the guards were done searching the village. They handed Guillaume the bodies one by one, while his Mistress of Vexations stood off with her Bulldog plotting their location on a map. She smelled like Christmas and sweet paradise. Sir Reginald glanced only once at Kat, but one glance was enough to tell a story.
When they were done, Guillaume climbed out of the grave with its row of blindfolded dead. Let the guards fill it in. He stood next to Kat and watched. She said, “Her Majesty always has me do the burying.” She sighed. “I’ve had enough practice. Three husbands and four children.” She watched the guards for a long moment and turned to look up at him. “Though I can tell you’re not feeling enough sympathy to take off your armor.” She smiled. “Pity. They say that my second husband died a very happy man.” Then she winked at him and walked away.
Guillaume stared after her. This was a very strange day.
Guillaume looked at his hands. Smooth. Dead flesh didn’t blister. Dirt under the fingernails, though.
“Looking to your nails, my Demon?” said Elizabeth. She was already back on her horse, ready to move out again. Guillaume shook his head, put his helm and gauntlets back on, and swung back into his saddle.
They rode until dark, and set up camp in a clearing. That night was in the pattern of all the others.
Sir Reginald set guards to watching, while Elizabeth changed into what amounted to evening wear for her. Some sort of Fairy Queen getup. Elizabeth and her ladies bantered, and the guardsmen guarded and cooked, and everyone was full of life and laughter and purpose. Especially her, his Queen of Vexations with that strange, sweet-soft scent that was hers.
He could almost taste it on his tongue.
But he was a knight on his vigil.
So that night, Guillaume did what he always did. He prepared. To kill the Nephilim, he would need a weapon that he’d made himself. Guillaume was no blacksmith, but he could cut down a tree as well as any man.
As he scraped and smoothed the wood for spears, he glanced over at the ladies. Blanche dozed by the fire, and by the soft sounds of it, Kat had slipped off to do something more interesting than sleep, which surprisingly was soft conversation with Sir Reginald.
While Elizabeth, she sharpened her rapier.
He said quietly, so as not to wake Blanche, “Won’t be able to use that.”
Elizabeth poured oil on her sharpening stone. She said, “It would be hard for anything to be more a part of me than this.” She drew the blade across the stone, held it up to the light and smiled briefly. 
“Your funeral,” said Guillaume. 
Elizabeth pulled her blade across the whetstone in careful smooth movements. “Would you dig my grave then, my Demon?”
He continued scraping at his spear. “I’m no courtier to banter with you.”
Elizabeth tested her blade edge lightly with her thumb. “My courtiers would banter with me about marriage.” She put aside her whet stone. “You are the only gentleman of my acquaintance who cannot marry me, and therefore your banter is new.” She snapped her fingers and a guardsman handed her a strop. 
Elizabeth pulled the blade across the stiff leather. “The boon you ask being somewhat different.” She glanced up at the sky. “Or perhaps as Kat would say, you would lure me towards some little death.”
He put down his not-yet-spear and met her eyes over the crackling fire. “We had this conversation.”
“Perhaps it is I who would banter of sex and death.” She tested the edge of the blade against a thumbnail. The firelight flattered her features.
Guillaume sheathed his knife, pointedly.
“Careful, my Demon, you’ll make me blush.” Elizabeth sheathed her rapier and stood up. She said, “Ladies.” She looked around. “Blanche!” Pitched her voice up. “Kat!”
Kat hurried out of the dark and into the firelight. “My Lady.”
“Uh,” said Blanche. She rubbed her face.
Elizabeth pulled Blanche to her feet and said, “Time for sleep.” She shrugged. “And you, my Demon? Will you sleep as well?”
Guillaume shook his head no.
She almost seemed about to say something. He waited for the words that would bind him, but she never said them. Just nodded in her regal brattish way and went into her tent, Blanche and Kat in tow.
While he, cankerous bumpkin, slipped out into the dark. Consumed a badger‘s life. It was never what he wanted. He knew eventually, he’d give in. Eventually, unless commanded otherwise, he always did. When that happened, when he’d killed one of her people, his Hunter Queen would prick him with the big death.
Perhaps it was all about sex and death after all. Knights and ladies and ribbons.
So, he ripped apart his badger and gorged on its frantic life. He slept for a bloody blink of the siege of Madrid in his armor and shook himself awake. He was old. He could sleep when he was dead. He prayed it be soon. Since he was damned, no doubt his prayers would remain unanswered.
Itz --- France --- Moment to Moment
Itz stared out her window. She couldn’t stop.
Their barge sailed past burnt-out farms skirted by desolated fields. In places, hot geysers erupted from the earth, spewed orange sulfurous stuff into the river, which was rank with rotted fish.
From the sky, burning rain shifted to caustic snow, until even Henri ceased to marvel at the colors of the falling ice, and they all prayed to their various gods for some break. If not sunshine, then just a day of sullen clouds.
Itz worried about the river. It froze at the edges. The orange and reddish water ate at the wood of the barge, but they kept sailing. It was the fastest way.
Itz wasn’t sure how to get to Paris if not on the river.
One night, they were attacked by peasants. Starving. Shuffling like the walking dead, except for being alive and hungry. Swollen bellies and starving faces. The sailors killed them easily, but still. It didn’t bode well if they got off the river. 
The bargemen wanted to go back. Itz fed them on rumors and threats. She wasn’t sure there was anything to go back to. She locked Henri in his cabin and assigned him stacks of books. Bribed him with tales of the Good Knight. Killed the first mate with a snap of the neck and dared the rest to give her a try.
They continued to sail.
Three towns flew plague flags, while some uncounted number were empty. Or shuffled with those walking dead. Or burned. Or at war with themselves. They passed countless battles of scythes and kitchen knives.
They didn’t dare stop. Henri’s countrymen might shamble to the dock and overwhelm the crew.
She hadn’t slept in days. Her hair grew limp and her dress unacceptably drab.
She didn’t see how they could make it.
But she stayed awake so they would.
They made portage in Dijon at midnight. There should have been carriages and guards.
Instead they were met by gaunt villagers with clubs. 
She picked up the sleeping Henri and put him in a wooden trunk. 
They abandoned belongings. They took only the trunk that contained Henri and ran for the nearby canal that would take them to the Seine.
Itz killed seven with her sunshade as she ran. Little Itz must have seemed ideal prey.
She could hear Henri pounding against the side of the box. He wanted to see her fight. He wanted her to let him out. 
As it was, one of the men grabbed Itz’s maid. She fell to the ground with a dull smack, her blood trickling into the earth.
Itz left her for the mob. The sacrifice had already been made. She pushed her men to reach an empty ship. Then they continued on their way up the next dead river toward Paris.
She opened the box, and Henri jumped out. He yelled at her and sulked. It didn’t matter. The world ended a year ago, and the fleas living on it were just now noticing. So they were going to Paris. Itz didn’t know what else to do.
Chapter 5: I Gave My Love a Baby With No Crying
Obsidian --- London, Tower --- Birth
Obsidian swung into midair. The midwife lifted her up by her tiny infant legs and slapped her butt. She opened her mouth and breathed in.
The world shifted on that first breath, as mother Mary’s last breath rattled out. Shifted on the moment that Obsidian opened her baby blue eyes that drained into black.
It might have seemed like a dark-eyed woman stepped from the mirror on the wall. It might have seemed as if the squished and red girl in the midwife’s hands shifted into a dark-eyed woman in a moment. It might have seemed as if there’d never been a little girl at all, but a little boy in the midwife’s hands. It might have seemed like the Princess Obsidian, Queen Mary’s swart daughter by her first husband, had always sat by her mother’s side. Held her mother’s hand and whispered encouragement.
It might have seemed so many things. On Mary’s last breath, on the child’s first breath, the world changed and no one in that crowded room had the eyes to see it.
Obsidian said, “Goodbye, Mother.” The new Queen of England bent down and kissed Mary’s cooled cheek.
The midwife held the pale body of a baby boy, his hair blond like his father’s, and shook her head.
The doctors gathered, and the midwives pinched.
Obsidian watched them all.
She watched one of Queen Mary’s ladies-in-waiting slip away. Off to tell the Prince consort, King Felipe, that the Queen was dead, that his English heir was dead, long live the Queen.
Obsidian tried to move her legs to take a step. They felt like they were made of rubber. Also, she had legs and, odder still, two feet.
The fabric of her dress pulled at her. She stumbled.
One of Queen Mary’s ladies-in-waiting took Obsidian’s elbow. Steadied her. Kept her from falling as her legs shook under her own weight. Most infants had months to learn to walk. Obsidian must learn in moments.
Her face felt strange. Obsidian looked at the obsidian mirror on the wall. Saw the reflection of her dark face. Wide eyes. A little bump on her long nose. Her face looked different on this side of the mirror. She had a face. She touched it.
Bishop Gardiner stepped forward and blocked her view. He took her tender hands in his rough ones. His fingers scratched the back of her hand just by touching her. Her skin was fragile and new.
His fleshy face said, “The nation grieves with you at your loss, Your Majesty.” His wide mouth moved almost meaninglessly. The words reached her ears, it seemed, a moment behind. She blinked to adjust her focus. She was still thinking too wide. She was small and narrow now.
Obsidian didn’t smile at him. Being born was hard work, and she still felt squished. Also, her teeth were crooked and she hadn’t had time to decide how she felt about that. She said, “Thank you. If not for your sacrifices, and that of Legate Pole, I wouldn’t be standing here.” She meant it, because it was true. She liked telling the truth. It confused people.
He wasn’t really listening. He was wondering how this would affect his world. He had ears, but he didn’t hear. His world was already cracked like his skin, and he hadn’t yet noticed the bleeding.
Somewhere behind her, a priest whispered words over the Queen Mary that was.
She didn’t turn. Her legs felt like they could hardly bear the weight of her clothes. The weight of the hot, humid air. She reclaimed her hands from Bishop Gardiner. They were her hands, and she wanted them back.
She felt like she was swimming as she walked to the window. It was closed. She rested her head against the cloudy glass. She swallowed back the food that rushed into her mouth. Food that she hadn’t eaten. But the sacrifices she’d used to build this reality were solid, and a solid reality meant a hearty breakfast.
Her hands crushed the velvet of her skirt. Soft. She wanted to stand there rubbing her fragile hands across the fabric, but that would be weak. She hadn’t come this far to give in to flesh.
Not yet.
She breathed in long deep breaths of incense that failed to mask the sickly smell of death.
“Your Majesty.” There was a faint touch on her shoulder. She could hardly feel it through the layers of silk and bone and lace. She wanted to shed layers and feel the touch of a hand. It had been so long. A lady in waiting said, “Will you take something to drink?”
She nodded, and a cold goblet was placed in her hand. Her fingers curled around its sweating curves. She drank the cool, sweet wine. It was her first drink.
She laughed a little. Then she cried a little. The wine tasted like apricots and honey. The flavors almost overwhelmed her.
She held the smooth metal cup. Felt cold dew dripping onto her fingers.
She turned to face her first audience of this life. She ignored her own reflection in the obsidian mirror. Focused instead on how the mirror reflected all of them. She held up her cup and said, “As I have a Tudor’s heart and blood, I give you my love, good friends.” She swallowed another drink.
The room murmured with tidal love. Queen Mary forgotten already.
Obsidian smiled carefully, slowly. “Let us leave my mother to be prepared in state.” She looked at Lord Pembroke, Bishop Gardiner, on each waiting eye in turn. “We must go forward. There is a future to plan and much preparation to be made. The days ahead will be difficult. Filled with goodly labor, but there will be no unimportant tasks and no function that is not worthy of some reward.”
She heard the men and women in the room breathe out. She looked in their eyes, the mirrors to their souls, and gathered them to her. Then she drank and, hearing the murmurs of God Save the Queen, she smiled into her wine. That way the cup hid her crooked teeth.
Michael --- London --- Panic in the Morning
“Let me put this plain as possible. What are you talking about?” grumbled Michael. He was undead. His head should not pound with the mother of all hangovers. This was unfair. “Uh, the Queen is dead. God save the Queen,” said Hal, blinking at Michael.
Michael said through gritted teeth, “Elizabeth or one of Mary's cousins." He paused. "Elizabeth kills vampires doesn't she. She isn't going to kill me is she? Is that why you're here?"
“Sir?” said Hal, as he stood at attention. Shoulders back and wide foolish face blinking.
“The next man who answers my question with ‘Sir’ will have his tongue yanked out and fed to him,” said Michael. He clenched and unclenched his fists. "Who is now the Queen?"
Michael really wished that these sort of things weren’t always happening to him, but he was going to be calm, and everything would be fine. It was all a mistake. He was worth something to Felipe. He wouldn't just have him killed. Unless it would turn this Elizabeth up sweet. He was doomed.
“Princess Obsidian is to be Queen,” said Hal, he swallowed, “Queen Mary's daughter by her first marriage.” Hal leaned forward. “I know you’re a demon and all, but you shouldn’t ought to remember that sort of thing.”
Michael's head pounded. “What? Who? Fine. I’ll speak with Alvarado.” Michael stalked out of the yard.
Almost ran full tilt into Alvarado running from the opposite direction. Alvarado grabbed him by the arm. He asked, “Have you heard?”
Michael asked, “Err, what?” Seemed the safest response.
Alvarado gave him a wild-eyed look. His normally smooth-combed hair was in all directions. Buckle untucked. Laces untied. He said, “The Queen has just died in childbirth and everyone is saying the most ridiculous nonsense about her grown daughter.” Alvarado ran his hands through his hair. “Queen Mary had no daughter. Tell me you know it too.”
“Oh,” said Michael, nodding his head. His muscles unclenching in relief. “That explains the guards. The guards told me the same thing.” Michael looked at the walls and back at Alvarado. He smiled brightly.
Alvarado didn’t notice. He was busy tearing out his hair. “We must go tell King Felipe that the kingdom is under some sort of spell immediately.” He turned and half ran down the hall. Michael followed him into Their Majesties’ parlor.
King Felipe stood by the window talking about politics or something.
On the other side of the room, this woman, this, this, this ... Michael swallowed. The most incredibly luscious-smelling woman he’d ever… He closed his eyes, he wanted to slam her against a wall right now and just sink his teeth in and the demon in his heart screamed about consuming the world and ... Michael leaned back against the plaster wall behind him and clutched at hangings.
Alvarado shook his head too, but all business was Alvarado. He said, “Your Majesty, I came as soon as I heard.”
King Felipe paused in mid-lecture and looked at them with an annoyed grimace. He said, “We did not summon you. We were in the middle of explaining to Queen Obsidian how Spain might be of assistance and guidance to her in these trying times. You are not needed in this.”
Alvarado stepped forward. Michael wondered that he could walk. Alvarado walked right up to the woman and pointed his finger at her. He said, “This woman has put some sort of spell on you, Your Majesty. She is nothing but an imposter. Look at her. She’s as dark as a Moor!”
“Silence!” Felipe flushed and yelled, “Do not even move, creature.” He turned to the woman with the long black hair and dark skin and sweet summer smell. Felipe said, “I apologize, Queen Obsidian. I don’t know what has come over him. I shall have him discipline himself soundly.”
Obsidian looked up Felipe through long black eyelashes. She folded her hands together and said, “You must do what you think is best,” in a low, husky voice. Michael wanted her to say something else. Anything. Recite the alphabet. He wondered if her skin tasted like her voice. He sighed.
Obsidian curved her red lips at him and said, “Michael, do you have something to say?”
Michael blinked, stared at her lips. Her full lips.
She cleared her throat.
Alvarado looked at him desperately. Pleaded with him to say something.
Michael licked his lips. Tasted the air. He tried to look sober, but he felt like he was on a three-day drunk. He said, “Just that you have my deepest sympathies for your loss, Your Majesty.”
Obsidian clapped her hands. “Oh, I do like this one. I always have. He’s so out of season.” She stood up and took King Felipe’s hand in her own. She smiled into Felipe's eyes.
Felipe patted the back of Obsidian’s hand and shook himself slightly. “In fact, I was training him to give you as a birthday present.” His unfocused eyes glanced around the room. “Can’t think why you don’t have a vampire already.” He pulled Michael’s ring from his hand. Felipe said, “By the seal of Solomon, I freely give this vampire to you,” and handed her the ring.
Obsidian slid Michael’s ring around one of her fingers. Michael could feel his iron collar tingle with her warmth. She said, “Thank you, Your Majesty. A most generous gift.”
“Spain will always be a generous ally to England.” Felipe patted her shoulder and said, “Now you know that with these vampiric servants, you have to be quite precise or they can get up to anything. Even the really well-trained ones,” he scowled at Alvarado frozen in the middle of the room, “require a firm hand.”
“Yes,” said Obsidian, glancing at Michael from under her lashes, “I understand. Never fear, Your Majesty, I shall be very firm with him,” she walked over to Michael, grazed the side of his face with her fingers, and then turned back to Felipe, “for I know that I have him from your hands.”
Felipe nodded and smiled. “If you will just place yourself in our hands, as your dear mother did, all will be well.”
Alvarado made a sort of squeaking noise. His eyes practically whirled in his head with the effort to speak against the command of the collar.
Felipe growled in his throat. “And you. I shall have to think of some way to discipline you.”
“I would not in any way wish to go against what Your Majesty wishes to do,” said Obsidian. She walked around Alvarado. She leaned in close and Michael could just hear her whisper, “I do apologize. Normally, I don’t like to be so straightforward, but I haven’t much time.” She traced the lines on Alvarado’s collar. “Feel free to say what is on your mind.”
Alvarado inhaled a deep breath. He said the words in a rush, “Your Majesty, I have served your family for nearly a century. Please believe me. This woman is not the daughter of Queen Mary. Her Majesty had no daughter. This woman is a sorceress.”
Felipe rubbed his eyes. He said, “Alvarado, go to the dungeon and wait for me. I will deal with you myself.” Alvarado stared at him with wide eyes as he slowly dragged his feet across the floor.
She shook her head. “Pity that so many years of faithful service to the Spanish Crown would come to such an end.” She tapped long fingers along the edge of her lips. She said to Michael, “Now then, please go into the market and gather enough red and white roses to fill a wagon. We would send our Aunt Elizabeth our greetings.”
“But Queen Obsidian,” said Felipe, “Elizabeth plotted against the Queen, your mother.”
Obsidian traced her finger across the table. “Yes, I know, Your Majesty. But if we are going to go to war, it is only proper that we send her flowers first. Unless, you don’t think that’s the right thing to do.” She looked up at him through her lashes. “I wish to be guided by you in all things.”
“No, no, of course, you are quite right,” said Felipe. He looked over at Michael. “What are you still doing here? Go gather flowers for your mistress.”
Michael thought desperately with that part of himself that could still think. “I just wanted to know what size of wagon, Your Highness.”
Obsidian shrugged and said, “Oh, I think an average one will do.” She waved him towards the door.
Michael didn’t want to leave, but there was not much more he could think to say, so he walked out the door and down the stairs.
Didn’t really matter to him if some sorceress wanted to play Queen.
He adjusted his codpiece and went to fetch his Mistress roses in the middle of a damned famine.
Obsidian --- London --- Baking Time
Obsidian walked behind the corpse as they carried it to the great stone church and put Queen Mary’s body behind a slab.
Obsidian walked head bowed through the filthy streets. She decided that she liked walking.
Obsidian walked up the stairs into her palace. Down a spiraling ribbon staircase and into the great palace kitchens, her palace kitchens. Alvarado would say she was about to perform a spell.
He wouldn’t be entirely wrong.
The head cook, Queen of this realm, said, “What the hell do you think you are ... oh, Princess Obsidian, does Your Excellency need something?”
“I wish to make bread for my coronation feast.” Obsidian pulled down a large copper bowl from a shelf. Smiled at her reflection in the polished surface. Smiled at the head cook.
The head cook stared at her. Wheels practically turning in her head. In the space of the kitchen, the cook was the Queen. Potboys and undercooks jumped to her command. Ran when she was in a mood.
The head cook was rapidly going into a mood. Obsidian could see it in her eyes.
Obsidian smiled at her some more and opened the bin on the center table helpfully surrounded by flour.
The head cook gritted her teeth and said, “If Your Majesty would like us to prepare a certain type of bread for your coronation banquet, you only have to send a servant to ask.”
Obsidian looked at her subjects and wondered why she hadn’t done this before. This was enormous fun. Everyone roiled at the outsider in their little kingdom. Potboys stood idle and slack-jawed. Undercooks did not chop. Ladies in waiting stood awkward behind her. Bewildered to be here.
She said, “I need to make this bread with my own hands.” She waved at the little world ground to a halt. “Don’t mind me, I can see to myself.” She went into the larder. Smiled at the tiny mirror hung from the far wall. It was there to attract spirits that helped with the cooking. Also very useful for finding the things she needed.
In the other room, she could hear the head cook yelling for everyone to get back to work.
Obsidian wished she could have stepped into the world to play like this years ago, but there were always consequences to fun. That was practically the best part. There was a meaty smack as the head cook hit a potboy who moved too slow.
She picked up some brown speckled eggs and walked by the teary-eyed child. She said to him, “I’m surprised to see you here. Wouldn’t you rather be playing with your friends?” She set down her eggs.
He rubbed his reddened face and said, “Yeah.” Hunched his shoulders as the head cook glared at them both.
Obsidian walked back to the larder. “If you’d rather be playing, why are you here?” She looked around the kitchen. “You should all be doing exactly what you want to do.” She looked at the head cook. “Isn’t that right?”
“Yes, Your Majesty, but I’m sure everyone that wants a job in these kitchens,” she glared at the room, “will get back to work.”
“I’ve never been fond of work.” Though Obsidian supposed it depended on what you called work. “Pleasure has so many more rewards.” She brushed the curving cheek of a kitchen maid, who held a knife in lax fingers. Her fingers left a floury streak. She said, “Don’t you agree?”
Obsidian let her gaze drift to the handsome young guard standing by the door. The maid had practiced talking to him in the larder mirror for months.
She went back to work. Walked back and forth through the kitchen. The red-faced potboy disappeared somewhere. The kitchen maid slipped off to get some ale from the cellar. The handsome guard wasn’t standing by the door anymore. The undercooks whispered to each other, and the head cook fumed at the Queen.
Obsidian smiled and mixed ingredients. Got up to her elbows in flour. Chatted with the residents of the kitchen, while her ladies in waiting stood up against the smoke-patterned wall and looked horrified.
She pulled at the dough under her hands and considered how to shape things. Felt its smooth texture beneath her fingers. Really this bread should be made from corn meal. Maize in shattered indigo. However, maize wasn’t easy to come by in England, and really, it was the thought that counted.
And the blood.
Obsidian picked up a knife for filleting fish and lightly ran the tips of her fingers across the blade. She pushed her hands back into the bread and streaked it with red.
She pushed, and she pulled. Put her arms and her back into it. She smeared the blood in and she smoothed the blood out.
She crumbled off a bit of dough and rolled it into a ball. Popped it in her mouth. She liked to taste things. She rolled the dough around on her tongue. She savored it. Smooth and salty with just a faint tang. She liked bleeding things. Her un-sister would call her a savage. Had called her that long ago.
She swallowed and made the dough part of herself. Smiled. Obsidian hoped Elizabeth liked the flowers she’d sent. If she ever got back from whatever random tangent she was on.
Obsidian pulled another lump of dough and shaped a little man with arms and legs and a head. She shaped her dough into dozens of men. Hundreds of them. Thousands. More than the dough should have been able to make. She wanted to have plenty.
She whispered to them as she shaped. Talked to her blood in the dough. But what she said, no one could understand.
She beckoned to an undercook, and the head cook grumbled as the white-capped girl stumbled forward with a jar of honey. She painted her men sweet.
She looked at her ladies huddled appalled by the far wall. She looked at the potboys and the undercooks in the round room with its high ceiling.
They were all trying to pretend that their new Queen wasn’t baking with her mother just buried.
She asked the head pastry cook, a duchess of this culinary kingdom, “Is the oven ready?”
The old woman bobbed, her grey hair curling around the edges of her woolen cap. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
Obsidian ran a finger through a puddle of honey spilled on one of her trays. It was good to taste things. “Then take my boys and bake them to a nice golden brown. We have a big day tomorrow.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” said the head pastry cook, who gestured to her undercooks to pick up the trays.
Obsidian nodded and swept out of the room to bother other Queens in their kingdoms.
Guillaume --- the Trail --- Midday
The afternoon rain came on schedule in a soft, sweet patter. A memory-shrouded landscape. It had been centuries since he’d been to the mountains by the lakes. His last adventure, before the last adventure, but that was stalling. Guillaume took another look at Elizabeth’s eyes. He said, “Your eyes are blue.”
“What, no cerulean or sapphire?” Elizabeth adjusted her cloak against the sky. “You must work on your flattery, my Demon.”
Guillaume stared at Elizabeth. “They were black, and now they are blue.”
She glared at him with her blue, cerulean, sapphire eyes. Her fist clenched and she half moved to draw her sword before drawing a breath instead. She moved back to speak with Sir Reginald. Which was odder still.
His Queen of Wenches liked to play at losing her temper, but then his Lady liked to play. She’d been angry because he’d said something about her blue eyes that were once black.
He thought about that as they climbed over a low pass into a long valley with a craggy mountain lake.
Then, over the sound of horses, Guillaume could hear singing. High and beautiful. Flights of celestial spinning and whatnot.
It seemed to be coming from everywhere and nowhere. He took off his helm. Never could see a damned thing in it. Took a good look around. In the valley below, the lake glowed. The lake was alive with Nephilim. Wings and tentacles and frolicking in the water. It was a gorbellied party of them.
He reined Sparkita back and waited along the side of the narrow trail for Elizabeth.
She said, “Yes, my Demon? Come to plague me about my eyes?”
He pointed to the lake below and she got that look. Not the smiling going-to-go-run-off-and-die look, but the other one. The one great ladies got sometimes. “God’s Teeth, you said there were three.”
“Now there’s ten.” Guillaume stared down at the writhing mass of creatures. Reached around for his lance.
Elizabeth laughed. “Wait a moment, my Demon. First we’ll see if your Mad Arab was right or if we can do this the easy way.” She whistled this low little yawp of a sound. Everyone stopped in their tracks.
Sir Reginald barked orders to the soldiers, who pulled five Falconets from their packhorses. Primed the little cannons and got them ready to speak.
Elizabeth made a sharp gesture, and the little cannons barked. The cannon fire hit square in the milling mass of Nephilim and exploded in flash of light.
The Nephilim swayed with the blast. Guillaume didn’t see so much as a single injury.
“So much for non-forged explosives. Well, it can’t work every time,” said Elizabeth. The Nephilim had spotted them. Abandoned their play and were headed towards them.
Elizabeth said, calm as a lady at a picnic, “Blanche, take McAdden and his men and head back to the last village. If we don’t follow by the morrow, head back to York.”
Blanche smiled, “Just make sure you follow, Your Majesty.” She looked at McAdden. “Looks like you’ve got old-woman duty, dearie.”
Elizabeth and Sir Reginald took crossbows from waiting soldiers. Sighted and fired. Sir Reginald’s arrow bounced. Elizabeth’s was a direct hit. The Nephilim squealed and fell.
“It’s never the easy way,” muttered his Queen of Wenches. Elizabeth, with one eye on the approaching Nephilim, said, “Kat watch from the ridgetop.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty,” said Kat, and wheeled her horse around. 
Elizabeth glanced at Guillaume and shrugged, “Can’t go fighting the occult without a chaperone.”
“I hear Samson had the same problem,” said Guillaume. He tossed his spears down the hill and impaled a patch of dirt.
The men who remained rolled bits of wax into their ears. It wouldn’t do to have everyone running off to be eaten. Guillaume didn’t bother. Not like a bit of wax would do much for him. He could hear a titmouse’s heart beating in a brothel.
He clicked at Sparkita. She snorted once, looking at the incline, and then set off at a run like a good girl.
Rocks and scrub grass rushed behind, as they fell like a bolt of thunder, if thunder came in bolts. No matter, Sparkita’s hooves thundered. Guillaume was the lightning. He held a lance that he’d made with his own hands. It felt like it had been a thousand years. It felt like it was yesterday, when the crowds cheered him at tourney. It felt like now. His world narrowed to the lucky front Nephilim that reached for him.
The lance slammed into the Nephilim with a thousand pounds of downhill-running horse. Pierced the long thin body of the tottering pignut like a bladder, and white glowing ichors spewed everywhere. Smelled like apples. Probably tasted like crap. Always did.
There was a series of snaps and jars of stench flew by Guillaume and into the Nephilim. Like hitting the side of a barn. As the jars shattered, the creatures clawed at themselves in a writhe of tentacles and spines, peeled their own skin off.
Ugly warped scuts.
One of the jars hit Guillaume. It was stench all right. Sparkita whinnied and her skin twitched. Dangers of war.
Then the jars stopped. Guillaume hoped they had held some in reserve.
Elizabeth’s arrows flew in a steady stream and gave the Nephilim a pincushion look.
He unshipped the wooden club that he'd carved and circled around the next creature. It was wary and unstenched. Arms, tentacles, wings, bits waving in the air.
He clicked his tongue to Sparkita and nudged her with his knees.
Sparkita danced forward. Guillaume hit the Nephilim as they passed. Dazed it, but the rutting pumpion wrapped a tentacle around his throat and yanked him back. Clean up and off Sparkita.
Guillaume lost his grip on his club. Fumbled for his knife, did no good. It slid off the creature’s skin, as the tentacle squeezed. Not as if he needed to breathe, but still.
He threw the knife at the creature’s wide disk eyes; the knife bounced, but it distracted the thing enough for Guillaume to shift in the creature’s grip. He bit a tentacle. Blood tasted terrible. The creature shook him once and then threw him down the hill.
He landed in the dirt with a solid thud.
Guillaume spat terrible blood and looked around. Elizabeth played keep-away on her horse and chopped with her rapier at the masses of literally stinking Nephilim. The hill was a glowing butcher yard.
An unstenched Nephilim headed uphill. “Hey,” he yelled. It glanced briefly at him but didn’t stop.
He ran over to his bundle of spears and picked the sturdiest. He threw it in a nice long arc through the pale rain. Hit the thing dead center, but not dead. The spear dangled out its back. It pulled the spear out with a tentacle and broke the shaft in half. It continued towards the guards.
One of the guards lobbed a stench jar at the thing but missed entirely.
He ran all out up the hill. The spears were awkward in his hands, but he didn’t dare drop any of them.
The Nephilim reached out with a long tentacle and grabbed a fleeing soldier. Snapped him in the air once and flung him at Guillaume, dead weight.
Guillaume veered to the right.
Just then, the ground rippled like water. He braced himself from falling with the bundle of spears and almost managed to impale himself on his own weight. He waited for the earth to stop shaking. Then he jumped over the corpse and kept running. He swerved to avoid rocks falling from the ridge above. He could see Kat coughing in the rubble, but the pass was gone, and no time to think about that right now.
The Nephilim caught another soldier, punctured him with long spines. Held him close in long white tentacles. The man struggled and grew grey. Guillaume threw a spear. The creature batted it aside in midair.
Guillaume found himself yelling, “Deus vult,” for some stupid reason as he ran forward.
Slipped under the creature’s reaching limbs. He held his spear like a pike, jabbed in and up, and lifted. The Nephilim convulsed on the spear and slid down.
Guillaume heard the thing’s heart stop.
He wanted to remove its head to be sure, but barring a long chew, that wasn’t going to happen. He rocked the creature back and pushed the spear tip into the earth, pinned it to the ground. Left it to its death spasms, as he went to help Her Majesty chase Nephilim around the hillside.
He went for the one with its back to him. Braced with his legs and then stabbed it with a spear. Lifted up. The spear snapped in his hands. The creature writhed to face him. Broken spear dangling from its side. Typical. Guillaume picked up another spear. Fenweed creature ripped it out of his hands. Wrapped tentacles around him and jabbed with its spines.
But like the other, it didn’t seem to like the taste of him. The creature slammed him, once, twice against the hillside.
Damn but that hurt. On the upswing, Guillaume curled at the waist and grabbed at the tentacle just above where it held him. Pushed his feet down and pulled his arms up.
Creature let go, but Guillaume held on. He used its own momentum to dive back into it. Punched at it with his fists.
Inside Guillaume, the demon worm was singing in his rotting heart, as he ripped and tore at the creature until he found its heart. Pulled it out for the sweet soft rain to see. Crouched there panting in the white pools of blood and clear clean muck.
“Done, my Demon?” asked Elizabeth, now without horse and jaunty hat. Drenched in glowing ichors like he was. She arched an eyebrow at him. “Not so hard to kill after all.”
She waved grandly at the pile of Nephilim, still clawing at their own skin. “Come, my Demon, join the set dance.” In the mass of bodies, it was hard to tell what was alive and what was mostly dead.
Knowing his Mistress Vexation, she’d be the one to lead. He stretched to put his spine back into place and then picked up his last spear.
Felt like they were at it for hours. They worked not like heroes on horses, but villains in a killing jar slaughtering cattle.
The air smelled of apples and vinegar and sweat. Elizabeth's, not his. Guillaume lost sweat with his heartbeat.
Finally, hands on her knees Elizabeth let out a breath and took a cloth from a dusty Kat to wipe her face. Elizabeth dabbed at the blood in her hair. Looked up the hill where Kat had directed the burial of the guards who had died. 
Elizabeth looked down at the mass of bodies before her. “God’s Teeth, that was vile.” Guillaume did not disagree. He looked away from her sudden sky-blue eyes. She said, “If you would, my Demon, get me a packhorse to ride.”
He bowed at the waist and went off on his quest for a packhorse worthy of his Queen.
Obsidian --- London --- Coronation Day
The Queen was dead. God save the Queen.
Obsidian felt young and vibrant and beautiful, as all young things should.
Today was her parade through the city. Today she’d be crowned Queen as rapidly as Felipe could set the thing. He’d want to keep his grip on the Queen in his hand. Already he suggested Hapsburg princes for husbands. If only he could settle on one he could control.
But that was tomorrow. This was today. She waved at the crowds and smiled. Didn’t care that her teeth were crooked, because today she became Queen. Divine protector of the land. How delightful. Thousands of eyes and hearts making it so.
She sat on a throne in the center of the gold-plated litter. Carried by her gentlemen in their gold and ermine. The Queen was dead, long live the Queen.
She wore her long black hair loose as a virgin bride. She kept her night-dark eyes demure.
She smiled and she waved at her people as she was carried through London town. She felt her reflections from thousands of shined and polished bits of metal. From thousands of warped glass window panes. From thousands of eyes resting on her. Making her ever more real.
The gentlemen in her progress glittered in the icy rain.
The Weavers’ guild presented a pageant where Old Hag Winter blustered and threatened a flock of ragged children. But at the tolling of a bell, the hag threw aside her grey rags and became the Spring Maid garlanded with ribbons and silk.
Obsidian thanked the children with gold coins and the boy who played the Spring Maid with a flower.
Her gentlemen carried her through the crowded streets.
The ladies in her progress glowed in the washed-out light. The people cheered as her ladies tossed ribbons and coins into the crowd, but Obsidian knew that here and there in the crowd inhuman eyes watched her. Wondering what she was about. She waved just for them.
The Tanners’ guild presented a pageant involving the Battle of Bosworth as fought with roses. It was somewhat muddled, and King Richard lost his crown by tripping. King Henry tossed it to Obsidian, who took with a smile, and the progress went on.
The foreign dignitaries in her progress clustered together in pockets along the street. The representative eyes of every petty prince and mighty king watched her. She waved at them, but they were not part of her parade. Because she was as English as a rose. Her people’s gifts made it so.
The Carpenters’ guild presented a pageant of Virtues of True Religion, Love of Subjects, Wisdom, and Justice battling their opposing vices. But the poor lads were drunk on the kegs of ale that had been delivered by mistake to their practice performance the night before.
Obsidian smiled to see True Religion and Superstition staggering through their staged fight. While Love of Subjects and Ignorance sat on the Carpenters’ wooden stage and sang drinking songs, much to the crowd’s delight. It was hardly an effort to set her new people to drink. They fairly fell into the brew that one put in their path.
Obsidian called out to her subjects, “As I am your Queen, I say let there be kegs of ale set out for my people at the city gates, that all might join in the celebration.” The crowd roared its approval. The Carpenters sloshed their mugs in appreciation.
In the fourth pageant, the Mayor presented a Bible in Latin to Obsidian. She called out, “You ask that I be your good lady and Queen. Be assured that I will be good to you as ever a Queen was to her people. To that end, there will be bread set out for my people at the city gates that all might fill their bellies with my love.” The crowd cheered, not as much as for ale, but still they cheered.
In the fifth and final pageant, within steps of Westminster Cathedral, the Bishops presented the pageant of the prophet Deborah as she rescued the house of Israel by directing her armies into war and then ruled for forty wise years.
The glittering gentlemen set Obsidian’s litter on the ground, and she stepped onto the English earth strewn with golden straw. She climbed onto the wooden platform and caressed the cheek of the young priest who played Deborah. He shivered in the cold.
Obsidian turned to face her crowd. She raised her hands and the crowd roared. She lowered her hands and the crowd went silent. She called out, “As I am your Queen, please be persuaded that for the safety and quietness of my people, I will not spare to spend my own blood if need be. May God bless you all.” She raised her hands again to set the crowd to yelling. Then she slipped the shoes from her feet.
She walked as a bride, barefoot down the carpet that spilled from Westminster Cathedral to where Bishop Gardiner waited by the altar. Clouds of smoke and incense curled over the waiting crowds and hid the dim reaches of the arched ceiling.
She knelt in front of Bishop Gardiner.
Gardiner spoke. The Latin rolled over Obsidian.
She spoke Latin, in a somewhat tangled, reversed sort of way. Its words formed strange echoes in her head. She wondered if her un-sister remembered their birth tongue yet.
She understood being anointed with oil. The chrism of Divine Kingship placed on her forehead and eyes and lips. Gardiner blessed her in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit and slid the gold ring of office onto her finger. Turned to a waiting boy and placed the heavy crown of cloth and gold upon her head. Placed the scepter in one hand and the sphere of office in the other.
Then she was the Queen, in fact as well as name. Quite simple really. She stood in front of all those eyes in their cushioned pews, the air thick with burning beeswax and myrrh and wood smoke, and looked back at them.
She walked back across the thick red carpet, the nubs rough against the bottoms of her feet. Like a new wife, walking to her husband.
She stood on the steps of Westminster Cathedral and waved love to the crowds. Climbed onto a flower-braided unicorn for yet another parade. She raised a hand and let their love wash over her.
Elizabeth --- Trail --- Tew’s day
Elizabeth clung to the pommel of her saddle and tried to look regal. A stately Queen on her horse with her Knight riding a pace behind.
A tired woman on a packhorse climbing a goat trail out the wrong end of the valley. Sir Reginald thought they should be able to loop back to meet with Blanche. Elizabeth thought her kingdom held some very nimble goats if this was a goat trail.
Her back felt permanently warped, and she her thigh was half numb where that one Nephilim had fed on her. Her ears still rang from where she’d been knocked in the head. She kept turning back because she half heard a whispered voice.
It would wear off. She’d bathe. Wash the blood from her hair. Put on dancing clothes and throw a fete, and everything would be right with the world.
If Mary didn’t invade. If dour Protestants didn’t set fire to a rebellion. If what was going on didn’t have anything to do with glowing giants. If another of these earthquakes didn’t tumble them all down the mountain. If, if, if. She would deal with if later.
For now she clung to the pommel of her saddle and tried to sit up straight in the fading light of the sun already set behind the hills as they wound their way down switchbacks to a dull grey river valley below. Stifled a yawn. God’s Teeth, she was tired. Dizzy with it. Heard voices in the breeze and whispers in the trees.
They couldn’t even think about making camp until they reached the village where Blanche waited. They’d see no sleep tonight.
Her head nodded as she rode, her eyes fluttered, and for the briefest of moments, she dreamed. She sat on a bone couch holding a feather. Across from her, a dark woman with her face blew rings of smoke from a burning leaf. Between them, the White Boar pawed at the ground. The other woman ate the boar with a lazy stretch of her jaws.
Elizabeth jerked awake.
She blinked. Her eyes were open, but the world grew no brighter. She looked up. A dark cloud dissolved into a black flutter of wings.
Some days it was not good to be Queen. She yelled, “Everyone run!”
Kat from a higher curve in the trail looked around them. “What is it, Your Majesty?”
Guillaume looked up. He yelled, “Run!” He rode to the end of the trailing group of soldiers. Slapped horses’ rumps as he passed them. “Run!”
Elizabeth urged her horse straight down the hill, stretched forward and low over her horse’s neck. Somewhere behind her, she heard Kat laugh. She glanced back to see her Demon tossing pieces of armor onto the ground as he yelled encouraging sweet nothings to his horse.
Elizabeth turned back to face the mountain as her horse landed with a jolt, after leaping over a log.
She heard a scream behind her but didn’t look. Shouldn’t look.
She glanced back over her shoulder. Not fast enough. Nathan, one the guards who’d almost died earlier that day, was down on the receding hillside covered in a moving mass. Thousands of the hell-borne bastards still after them.
Her belly went sour. Let her belly sour, as long as her mind stayed sharp.
She yelled to Sir Reginald, “To the river. Trail’s flatter!”
He called back, “Yes, Your Majesty, but it’s a good—”
His words fell out of reach as her horse stumbled beneath her. She heard the snap of bone. She tried to jump free of tangling stirrups. Landed hard on the ground gasping as the fall knocked loose her breath.
High above, she could see the creatures hovering over her. Not even time to compose an ode to her breath. She struggled to her feet. If she was to die, it would be standing. She'd lean against a tree like the hero Cu Cuhulain, but she'd die on her feet.
A hand grabbed her by her cloak. Guillaume pulled her up behind him on his horse, and they galloped down the hill.
She tried yell to her people, who were slowing to come back toward them, but only coughed and croaked. Settled for waving them forward, then gripped her Demon’s broad shoulders and whispered, “Kat’ll be thanking the things next for husking you from your armor.” Though, from the way Kat gripped her saddle, she was paying more attention to the rough ride.
Elizabeth looked back. They’d lost precious moments. The creatures still came. Swirled over trees and brush.
Guillaume grunted in that way of his and whispered to his horse.
From somewhere, Guillaume’s horse found greater speed. They fairly flew down to the river and swung wide onto the barge mule trail along the riverbank. Flat fast going.
Not fast enough.
She felt a cut as a wing brushed against her cheek. She removed her cloak and batted at them. Might as well attack smoke.
Sir Reginald yelled, “We’ll draw them off!” He and the two remaining guards veered into the river. It was too shallow to do more than slow them down, but the black cloud followed them. Elizabeth looked back as they disappeared under a swirling cloud of wings and were gone.
Then Elizabeth couldn’t even see that, as they ran along a bend in the river. The things did not follow. After running several miles, Guillaume slowed his horse.
Kat looked at the trees and the gathering dark. She shivered. Pale. Tear streaked. Whispered something to herself. But the words were too soft to hear. She started at a sudden noise from the river. It was a duck diving under the water.
Elizabeth breathed in and out, looked at the deep rush of the river. “We can’t go back that way. We’ll,” she coughed, closed her eyes, opened them. She was a Hunter and a Queen and a Godly Lady besides. She said, “Blanche will be headed toward York. We’ll have to meet with her there.”
“Your Majesty, do you think we’ll be safe to stop for the night?” said Kat, pulling her cloak around her shoulders.
“Have to.” Guillaume patted his horse’s neck. “Horses can’t go much farther.” He slowed his horse to a stop and swung off. He handed Elizabeth the reins.
Elizabeth nodded to Guillaume. “Thank you for the loan of your admirer.” Sat up a little higher in the saddle, God’s Teeth, but her back hurt. “Come then. There’s bound to be a shelter downriver for the bargemen.” She signaled to the horse, and they set off at a limping pace down the road. She tried to sit straight in the saddle.
She tried to look regal as a Queen with her Knight at her knee, or a least not fall off her borrowed horse.
The nag seemed the sort to laugh at her, and Elizabeth didn’t think she could deal with laughter just at the moment.
Obsidian --- London --- Celebration
Merriment and happy voices buzzed down long tables groaning with food. The air vibrated with that wonderful moment when a thousand cheerful conversations went at once.
Her courtiers had all gathered for the coronation feast.
Obsidian sat at the head table and looked down on them.
The head pastry cook walked proudly beside the servants as they carried a subtlety, a huge pastry in the shape of a rose, around the room. Its petals gleamed with perching marzipan angels. Apparently her cake was meant to represent God and her family symbol of a Tudor rose. They would consume God at the end of the meal after they had had time to admire it.
That was later. This was the beginning of the feast.
Obsidian stood and raised her goblet. “As I am descended by father and mother of mere English blood,” she paused and smiled at her English people, “I stand here, your Queen.” The heavy crown ached on her head, but not all spells involved holy oil. “God did not choose to spare my goodly mother, Mary the Queen, or my brother, her child by way of Spain,” she nodded to her King Felipe seated in pride of place at her side, “and as my sex cannot diminish my prestige or royal blood, know that I am now wed to all of you,” she held the meaning of those words in her head, “to England, whom I take as my bridegroom,” she turned her hand to display her ring of office, “and this is my wedding ring. As a woman, I am uniquely suited to this task, as no man could love England as well as I.”
The servants spread out with trays of bread men and pitchers of red wine. “As my wedding gift, please eat this simple bread that I have made with my own hands, drink of the wine of my vintage, and think of me.” Then she drank her goblet down.
Sitting at the long trestle tables, her courtiers and her ladies ate the sweet honeyed men. They drank the spiced wine.
They licked the last drops from their cups and, with slow slurred voiced, called for more wine.
Women and men ate and groaned at the pressure of their stays. Pulled at ribbons and strings in vain attempts to free themselves so they could consume more.
Men and women glanced and caught glances. Beneath the table, toes trysted under heavy dresses, while soft slender hands reached under padded velvet to caress.
It was a very merry feast. The buzz of talk gave way to strange silences and low murmurs of violent conversation.
Obsidian turned to Felipe and said, “Your Majesty, do you like the bread?”
Felipe paused, turned away from talk of war and said, “Very, um, it is very good.”
Obsidian pleated her hands in her lap and said, “Thank you.” Then she gestured to the servants to bring out the next course.
The room sighed and squirmed in heavy oak chairs.
Women drank and men ate and hands wandered until the beeswax candles flickered at the gusts of breath.
Somewhere, far away from this room, the White Boar woke from his slumbers on his bed of bones. She could feel him squeal his displeasure. She wondered if he’d be happy to see her. She cut a slice of pork and dabbed it in port sauce. It was delicious.
At the far end edge of the room, Michael stood against a wall, watching as her court unraveled at the seams. She raised her goblet of water to him and swallowed. Such sweet and heady brew.
He raised his glass and toasted her, and she smiled at her beautiful young Angel and to all the pleasures of this world.
Elizabeth --- River Road --- Moonrise
They stumbled in the moonlight for what seemed hours, Kat starting at every sound.
Somewhere in that timeless trudging, they reached a shelter by the riverside. Place for a fire and horses and men. There was even an abandoned bottle of grain alcohol under a pile of straw. Left behind by some sore-headed drover pulling his goods along the river by mule.
Elizabeth held up the jug and said, “Why it will be a feast fit for a Queen with such libations at it.” She solemnly offered the rude clay jug to Kat, who took a swallow and grimaced. Coughed. Held it out to Guillaume.
Guillaume pushed the jug back. “No,” he said, then slowly as if he’d forgotten the art of it, “thank you.”
“Ever the Stoic, you’d put Cato the Elder to shame,” said Elizabeth, already beginning to slow her words. From the alcohol. From the day.
Kat spread out a thin blanket on the ground over the straw. She was white-faced with blotchy red patches. Red eyes. She said, “More like he’s, umm,” shook her head, “trying to impress Your Majesty with his sober responsibility. After all his heroics of the day.” She smoothed the blanket with trembling hands.
Guillaume stood silent for a moment. Then he gave an exaggerated sigh. He said, “God save me from nagging women.” He took the jug and swallowed a mouthful. “Satisfied with my sottishness?”
Kat pulled hardtack, dried apples, and jerked beef from her saddlebag. Nodded at the rhythm of her moving hands. Said slowly, “When I’m satisfied, they can hear my cries of pleasure in the next county.” Sounded more determined in her jest than anything else. She waved at the food on the blanket. “Your feast, Your Majesty.”
Elizabeth lowered herself onto the blanket stiffly and said, “Thank God and your forethought.”
Kat didn’t smile. She looked at Guillaume. “Will you join us at our feast?”
“No,” said Guillaume. He handed Kat the jug. He stood by the door silently, stared at them, as they carefully chewed on their hard supper and bantered half-heartedly of famous feasts.
Abruptly, he said, “I will return shortly,” and ducked out the door. Left them to stare at each other and chew.
Elizabeth put her hand on Kat’s shoulder. “I’ll take first watch.”
Kat nodded and nested in the blankets. Rolled over to face the wall, but Elizabeth didn’t think she slept for some goodly time. 
Elizabeth sat and listened to the sounds of the wind outside. A branch scratched against the wall like distant voices in a foreign tongue. She stared into the fire. Pulled off her ring and flipped the clasp to see the minature hidden inside.
She almost dropped it in the fire when the hovel door opened. It was her Demon. His face and hair wet from the river, but there was a streak of red blood on his cheek. Her demon had gone to his own feast. Nevertheless, she put down her rapier. Elizabeth said, “That was not shortly.”
Guillaume spread out a deer skin full of bloody lumps of meat.
Elizabeth poked at a haunch. “You are forgiven.” She pulled several arrows from her quiver and made rude roasting forks. “Come now, I cannot do all the work.”
“I killed it,” said Guillaume, coming around the fire.
“And you can help cook it,” said Elizabeth. She handed him some arrows. “Queens are rarely fair. I trust you know how to make a spit for the fire.”
Guillaume nodded. “Yes.” He set to it with steady precise movements. Delicate precision. Good with his hands was her Demon. Elizabeth flushed in the dark. She focused on the feast he had brought her.
Soon a haunch was cooking nicely, while Elizabeth toasted her slivers of meat. Cooked them and as soon as she could, popped them into her mouth.
She said, “Kat’s jerky will keep off starvation, but like as not you’ll declare yourself full before eating much of it.” She smiled greasily around a chunk of meat. “I thank you, my Goodly Knight.”
He flinched as if slapped. “Don’t call me that.” He turned the haunch. Wouldn’t meet her eyes. “Demon suits me better.”
“Very well, my Goodly Demon,” said Elizabeth. She licked at juice on her hands, and then grimaced. “Did you notice that those things’ blood smelled like apple juice?”
Guillaume said, “Yes.” He stared at the fire.
Elizabeth turned her hand right and left and said, “The taste, however, is not a pleasant flavoring for the meat. Perhaps that is a sign that we should bathe.”
He said slowly and soberly, “I did not wish to mention it.”
Elizabeth gave a silent huff. “A demon truly. You were supposed to tell me I smell sweet as roses and that my radiance illuminates the room.” She ate another slice of meat. Almost groaned at the flavor.
He cleared his throat. Looked away. Around the hovel, as if there were dozens of things to gaze upon. Elizabeth chewed, curious to see what he would latch upon. He asked, “How did your sword kill the Nephilim? Did you forge it yourself?”
Elizabeth swallowed some liquid from the jug and coughed at the fire of it. She said when she could speak, “What, you haven’t heard?” Elizabeth prepared another bit of meat to hold over the flames. “I had thought the tale had spread further than that. It is no secret.” So little a secret, she’d never had to tell the tale. She braced the arrowload of meat and held her rapier up to the light. Turned it this way and that. She said, “When my father had my mother executed for treason, her last request of his love was that he send for a French swordsman to make the cut.” She sighted down the blade.
She did not look at him. Her eyes were all for her blade. She said, “My mother, she was afraid that the headsman would miss if he used an axe. When he executed a later wife, my cousin, an axe was indeed less true.” Elizabeth put the rapier back down on the dirt floor by the fire. Turned her arrow spit. “When I became Queen, and could do as I wished, I had Cecil find and purchase the weapon for me.”
“Ah,” said Guillaume. He stretched out his legs. Silence stretched as long as their length. Finally he said, not looking at her, staring into the fire, “When I was a boy, my father gave me as a hostage to King Stephen as an assurance of his loyalty.” Paused and the moment stretched like a tendon. “My father rebelled.” Shook his head. “When King Stephen threatened to kill me, my father wrote back that he still had the anvil upon which that son was forged.” He smiled. Strange parody of a smile. “But King Stephen hadn’t the metal for killing children.”
Elizabeth asked very quietly, as the firelight flicker across his face, “Why are you telling me this?”
Guillaume shrugged. “Every master I’ve served would have killed me. My father didn’t forge any more sons.” He turned the haunch on its spit. “And I never wondered in all these years what my mother thought.” He looked over at Elizabeth. Their eyes met briefly in the firelight. More of a glint where eyes would be. He broke the moment. “You should sleep.”
“And when will you sleep, my Demon?” said Elizabeth. The blood on his cheek appeared and disappeared in the shadows.
He turned all the way away from her. “I am a dead man. I do not sleep much.”
She nodded and handed him the jug, and this time he took it without a word.
Lucretia --- London --- Arrival
Lucretia walked for days. Ley lines where she could. Sproink. Mud where she couldn't and then she made time. Invented it. Braided it.
Her blister popped and she bled on the dirt. It hurt and Romans appeared out of her blood drops, but that might have been the minutes that shoved splinters into her toes.
The Romans and the minutes marched away. She sat down on a stump and had a good cry. Wished something wonderful would happen. So it did. Where each tear fell, a beautiful fern grew.
Lucretia loved ferns. They were simple and shy. Uncurled until they blocked out the sun. As they had when the world was young.
But she couldn’t stay. She pushed her way through the shy ferns.
On the far side it was snowing. She’d left the warm Fire Queen’s lands. She looked around. Somewhen Papa said, “Lucretia!” But what he didn’t know couldn’t hurt him.
She slipped back through time to when there was sunshine. Tilted her head to feel it fall on her face. Soak in the sun while she could. Beautiful wonderful sun.
Jumped to the sound of angry voices. Barbarians in blue. She jumped out of their way. That happened a lot while she walked.
All around her the wind chattered gossip. All the way around the world. By a pretty red castle, a battle was canceled on account of tornado. Corpses breathed out butterflies. Lucretia liked butterflies. Especially the kind that ate insects. Or was that dragonflies. She liked dragons, too. Although, these butterflies ate people and that was kind of her fault. Completely her fault. Maybe.
Sometimes there was a road and she walked down it. 
A very long way.
The earth beneath her feet babbled like grass. Terrible battles all around the earth. Covered in terrible armies like stars, like ants, like blades of grass, like nothing that had ever been before or would ever be again. Which would have shamed the memory of ancient Xerxes into oblivion if he hadn't been a terrible fibber. Everywhere butterflies becoming and eating people. It was terribly confused. It might be her fault. 
Lucretia walked to the Mirror Lady. It was the only way that she could see to get through. She traveled many miles. She was often hungry. That’s when she took pies. Most people wouldn’t believe how much pie was left lying around if you looked for it. She didn’t steal them, though. She always left something. A shiny rock. A pretty feather. Once, when she was very hungry, she left her prism. She hated to do it, but it was a very good pie and deserved a prism. Fair’s fair.
Passed many forks in her road. Choices where other Lucretias went away and were gone. There were not many left now.
Good.
It felt good to be almost alone with somewhen Papa. Alone with the murmuring earth. The babbling wind. Her blisters. She had seven now. Like crowns on kings. Except on the bottoms. So not like crowns at all.
In the distance, she could hear wolves howling, black wolves and red-brown wolves and grey wolves, saliva going slick down their long white teeth. She hurried away from them as fast she could. Which, when it came right down to it, was very fast.
London was easy to find. It ate villages and laid out muddy streets along a great river.
She walked to the place where the unwashed and the super-duper-natural lived. She whispered, “I’m dead, you can’t see me,” and it worked like it always did.
She opened a door and walked into a dark place. The creatures inside looked at her. She whispered as she ghosted by them and went up into a tiny room under the eaves.
She leaned out the window so her hair fell like a curtain through which she could see the stars. If they weren’t hiding behind the clouds. But she knew they were there. Falling. Faster now. Angels. She hated angels.
She wrapped herself in her arms, left the window open for the frozen breeze, closed her eyes to sleep. She was tired, and wanted to be fresh for her appointment.
Chapter 6: I Grieve and Dare Not Show My Discontent
Elizabeth --- Trail --- Birthday
On Elizabeth’s twenty-third birthday, she woke up in a hovel with a rock digging its way into her back. She winced away from it while she tried to wake and remember herself into the day.
Then she did and wished again for the oblivion of sleep. She could be certain her niece, who shared her birthday, was even now resting in a soft down bed somewhere. Princess Obsidian was probably not even awake, no losses to disturb her sleep. She’d have thought other sad and melancholy thoughts, but her belly growled and the smell of venison taunted her.
Rolled over to see Kat fussing with the fire. “Good Morning, Your Majesty.”
Elizabeth sliced off a bit of venison. It tasted smoked, although truth be told they probably all tasted smoked by this point in the journey.
Speaking of which, she looked for her Demon.
Guillaume stood in the door of their hovel. He was looking outside at bars of morning sunshine filtering through the trees.
Elizabeth looked at the idyllic scene. She looked at Guillaume and back at the sunshine. She said, “I had no idea vampires were so hard to maintain.”
Guillaume grunted.
Elizabeth shook her head at him. “Men,” she muttered. Fine birthday this was.
Kat smiled wanly at her. No jests about the uses of men or tuberous vegetables shaped like men. Just a faint smile and tired eyes.
Elizabeth swallowed her meat and wiped her greasy hands on her arms. When her hands were less disgusting, she pulled some ribbons out of one of the saddlebags. Winked at Kat.
She spread out the deer’s hide and cut holes at regular intervals. Then after some consideration, she took four sticks and threaded them through the holes in the hide, binding them together at the corners.
Her Demon stared. Kat carefully focused on tending to their things.
Elizabeth considered her options. The deer’s leg bone stripped of flesh. Rather too grisly for her taste. She picked up her Demon’s sheathed sword from where it leaned against the wall in crosslike glory. She tied it to the hide using several blue ribbons.
She handed him the sunshade. “My Demon, your very own sunshade. Please don’t drop it. I’m fond of those ribbons. They flatter my eyes.” She fluttered her eyes at him and handed him the contraption.
The sunshade looked ridiculous, but the hide was thick and would work well enough if he didn’t drop it. Layers of clothing would do the rest.
Her Demon bowed to her like the courtly fellow the stories said he’d been. He twirled the sunshade over one shoulder, which startled a laugh from Kat.
Elizabeth could have gotten no better birthday gift.
Obsidian --- London, Tower --- After
Obsidian sat very still on her stool. Her clothes were incredibly uncomfortable. A marvel in design and engineering. She could hardly breathe.
Obsidian glanced at Michael, standing glazed by the door. She hooked his gaze. Bit her lip. Breathed up. Just so she could watch him shift as she wanted to do.
Caught the gaze of Alvarado, newly released from his chastening. He glared at her. Waited to make his move. Contentious demon. She winked at him.
This was her first council of war in this life.
Felipe plotted how to bring yet more lands and moneys under his influence. Always hungry.
Obsidian understood the feeling. Her stomach growled. Life was as short and sweet as a marzipan pastry shaped like a blooming Tudor rose. Beautiful and soon devoured. With always a surprise hidden inside. She watched the Holy Roman Emperor’s messenger walk across the courtyard below. She’d wondered when he’d arrive.
She stood and walked slowly over to where the menfolk conferred about invading the Kingdom of York. She said, “Are you sure that this is what I should do?”
Felipe actually patted her shoulder. “My dear.” Obsidian smiled crookedly at him. She had decided that she liked her crooked teeth. They were accurate enough. Felipe continued, “You must let me guide you as one older in years and experience in these matters.”
Lord Pembroke interrupted. “There can’t be any doubt. The northerners have been pushing their unnatural creatures into our lands for centuries. Hoping to make us weak. Elizabeth’s devil’s bargain is just the final step.”
There was a sharp bite into an apple. Gardiner said around his mouthful, “’Tis a woman’s place to be guided by a man. Her realm the inner sphere and the man’s the outer.” Poor Gardiner, he hadn’t gotten much sleep since Legate Pole died. Such dreams he’d been having. 
Obsidian said, “I’m sorry, King Felipe. Of course, I will try to be guided by you. I am merely swayed by my weak womanly humors.” She stopped short of batting her eyes. She did take an apple. It was delicious. Sweeter than any fruit of the knowledge of good and evil, which on the whole was rather bittersweet. She said, “It’s just that I have been named the divine protector of these lands, this England, and it would bode ill if I were to march foreign troops into the kingdom of another.”
She looked into King Felipe’s eyes. “Your Majesty, as my champion, of course you should lead my army. A man should wage my battles for me in the outer sphere. But,” she circled around the map and traced a line along the border, “let it be with good English troops, people born of this earth, that none of my people will doubt that I am their Queen and not some Spanish puppet.”
Lord Pembroke nodded and Bishop Gardiner chewed. Alvarado ground his teeth. Michael looked glazed over with lust. Her hummingbird was ready to dip his beak and drink her nectar. He was ready, but it wasn’t time for that. They hadn’t even killed together yet.
She lowered her eyes. Waited several beats as the messenger from His Majesty, Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, Felipe’s most gracious father, finally made his way through the maze of guards and servants. She’d been wondering if he’d gotten lost.
The messenger looked pale. His skin waxy. Travel along the ley lines would do that to anyone who didn’t have a very strong sense of things. Whole armies had vanished in the attempt. Even when they didn’t forget to remove all steel on their persons.
She silently offered the man an apple, but he shook his head and swallowed. She smelled the hint of vomit on his tunic and took another crisp bite of her apple. Sweet juice ran down her throat. Firm flesh crunched in her mouth.
Finally, Felipe turned and nodded to the messenger who straightened and said, “Your Majesty, your father, the Holy Roman Emperor, sends an urgent request for military aid. The Turk has defeated our outposts in Southern Austria and marches upon Vienna itself.”
Felipe glanced back at his map with its lines and metal toys. He blinked as if just waking. Obsidian tongued a bit of apple skin stuck between her teeth and waited to see what Felipe would do.
Lord Pembroke came around the table. “Your Majesty, the Emperor has all the resources of an empire at his disposal. Let him call on those nearer to hand. We must not let the Yorkist threat drop for foreign concerns.”
Bishop Gardiner put down his apple. Looked fierce and weary. “We are called here to Crusade. We fail to meet that call at our detriment. Let Europe deal with Europe’s concerns.”
The courier swallowed again, flushed and pale at the same time. “Your Majesty, the threat to Vienna is very real.”
Felipe blinked and looked from man to man. “We would not neglect His Majesty, our father, when he calls, and yet,” his hand moved hungrily over the papers and pewter figures, and he licked his lips, continuing after a pause, “at this distance there is little aid that I can easily send.”
Obsidian put down her apple core on a side table and walked over to King Felipe, body slightly bent so that he would be just that little bit taller. “If the outer sphere will take some suggestion from the inner sphere.” She waited for Felipe’s nod and continued, “The battle with Our Aunt would seem to be a matter of my men and resources; the Turk may require more drastic measures.” She gestured at Alvarado standing by the wall. “Send your father alchemists and vampiric assistants through the ley lines.”
Alvarado stepped forward. “Your Majesty.”
Obsidian did not glance at him, merely said, “Shhh.” Poor little puffed creature.
Alvarado stood silent. So often his lot these days. She’d have liked to spend more time with him, but he really wasn’t her priority. Other than to remove him from the board.
Felipe blinked like a furry little rabbit and said, “Yes, yes, of course.” He looked back at his map.
Obsidian said, “If I may, I will arrange this small domestic matter.”
“Yes...” Felipe smiled at her. “Thank you.” Absently stripped the iron ring from his fingers and dropped it into her hand. “By the seal of Solomon, I give this to you freely.”
Obsidian said, “Thank you, Your Highness.”
Smiled at Michael. “Don’t worry, I have need of you here.” Brushed by Alvarado and murmured in his ear, “And the really sad thing is, you won’t ever know why.” Then she picked up another apple, and said, “Follow me, boys.” She left the room so the menfolk could get to the serious business of war.
Guillaume --- Trail --- Dream time
They walked along the river. Looked for the next safe place to ford.
Bits of down floated in the hazy air over the dappled river. Fish leapt to catch skating insects, while blue dragonflies buzzed and spun. It seemed a world that had not a care.
Elizabeth sat stiff in the saddle. Kat’s banter caught on the barbs of memory. 
Guillaume walked in front under his ridiculous sunshade with its trailing blue ribbons.
That night, Guillaume took first watch. Second watch. Third watch. He didn’t wake Elizabeth. She needed to sleep. He preferred not to. He didn’t know what his dreams would hold.
In the morning, she snitted at him, but she was rested, though her eyes were shadowed. Sir Reginald’s death weighed heavy on her.
He knew because she said nothing about it. Just wore the same clothes each day as they made their way towards York.
They stopped in forests and open rolling hills, blasted bare. Sheltered in the lee of castle ruins as the wind howled over head. The sun shining down mocked Guillaume with its brilliance. The bluest sky that Guillaume could remember since Jerusalem. Broken each afternoon as the clouds rolled in for a soft mist of rain and rolled away again.
On the third or fifth, or he couldn’t really remember, some night, Elizabeth said, “Enough is enough, my Demon. Tonight, you should sleep. If not for you, then for me. You are beginning to stumble.”
“Not tired,” said Guillaume.
Kat said, “Tonight, I will be keeping watch. It’ll give me something to do.” She piled twigs for the evening’s fire. “Not as if it takes much to sit up and scream if something goes boo.”
He looked at his companions, their faces lit in the last rays of the day, as he hid from the sun behind a wall.
He said, “I am old. I sleep in fits.”
“Then try hard.” Elizabeth handed him the clay jug, with its last dregs of liquid fire.
He drank a long swallow of liquor. It had been a long time since he’d tried to sleep the night through. He leaned back against his bit of wall. His eyes unfocused and finally drooped. He slept.
He dreamed about the day after the Battle of Hattin. Heads rolling one by one past his feet, while he stood frozen. He was unable to move. He could never move. He was stilled on a Sultan’s whim; for how could the Sultan kill such a perfect work of Allah. Far better to change him into something that could be collared and controlled and made to run.
He ran in a river of blood. He’d bend and drink. The demon worm in his heart growled for more. He felt soft limbs bump against him. He saw faces in the blood. That nameless woman in her painted room in Danzig. The favorite of the Caliph of Cairo, who’d screamed for mercy as her bones cracked in the sun. The son of the lord of Rocadamour, when Guillaume squeezed the life out of him on his father’s orders. Centuries of faces and blood.
So much blood. 
In the distance, he could see a golden mountain. If he could just get to it, maybe he could climb out. He longed for clean grass.
A woman with a serpent’s head and a belt of human hands poled by him on a flat boat that skimmed the water.
He heard a noise and looked up. High above, a blue serpent with long red feathers crawled through the green sky. It called out to him, “Time to change your skin, Xipe Toltec.” The serpent shed its skin in a long pale tube that floated down to the bloody river.
He heard the river say, “I don’t want to be bloody. Please turn around.” So he did.
He stood at the beginning of a labyrinth and paused. The dim light was filtered through slanted Gregorian dust and wheeling rose windows.
It was a labyrinth, not a maze. Maize danced with the wind in the summer sun. The second sun. He was waiting to dance.
A jeweled hummingbird sipped from a naked body in the center of the labyrinth and then flew away in a furious flutter of wings to the mirror sitting on the Cathedral altar.
He paused and then, one foot, two foot, he walked in.
He peeled away the weight of years. He pealed with his bell, the harmony of the suns that kept the world alive.
He peeled off his armor. His chestplate, arm and leg plate, helm, shoes. Not enough. The padded jerkin underneath. Trews. He untied the ribbons on his hose and peeled the wool tubes from his legs. Until he was naked. Walked the serpentine labyrinth. Walking the curving entrails around the center. The waiting center.
The long arc of the outer circle was the best for him. Clean and pure. He peeled off his skin then. Pulled back the thin covering like a sheet, like a rabbit, like a flayed man. Skinless. Red. Bleeding. Truly naked in the dim stained-glass light. Roses.
In the center of labyrinth, the dead woman waited. He didn’t know her. She was his mother.
He stood naked. Bleeding. Skinless. Dripping. Xipe Toltec. The flayed man. The summer king that made corn grow.
Then he danced along the lines. He danced in the great storm. Winds that picked up buildings and rain that flooded cities. Men shed their skin, donned feathers, and flew. The world around them flickered past and died.
He was a girl. He was a boy. He dreamed on an altar. Honor. Glory. Save the world.
Devoured by a demon. Fed on blood and willing hearts. Waiting for the day to offer his heart to the new fire and keep the world spinning.
He sat outside the lines and wept for his naked mother, lost in the maze’s curls. Wept for the burning woman who stood in the shadows.
He reached into his chest and pulled out his withered heart. He offered it to the fire woman. She took it and together they watched it burn.
Guillaume flinched awake. Opened his eyes to see Elizabeth on one elbow as she shook sleep from her head.
Kat poked at the fire with a stick. “What’s got you two so twitchy.”
“Bad dream.” Elizabeth rubbed her eyes and sat up. “Not content with days full of joys, my nights are full of strange visions. Although Guillaume may be happy to know that he just gave me his heart after flaying himself alive. Under my own rose window.”
Guillaume stilled. Lay back and looked at the clouds fleeing across the moonlit sky. “Was there a boy crying in your dream? A labyrinth?”
Rolled over to see Elizabeth looking at him strangely. She said, “Yes.”
He sat up against the wall. “I waded in the river of blood that I’ve made towards a golden city. The river told me to turn around.”
“I saw you,” said Elizabeth. “I was flying overhead.” She rubbed her face. “Then I shed my skin.” She inhaled. “It felt good.”
Guillaume tapped his fingers on the hard dirt. He said softly, “Someone is trying to tell us something.”
“Then someone needs to enunciate,” said Elizabeth. She took a wet rag from Kat and held the cloth against her face. She sat up cross-legged on her blanket. “Clearly, I should have been making you get a good night’s sleep earlier.”
They sat in silence for a moment. He shook his head. “Your Majesty, tell me again about your dreams.”
She rolled over and reached into her saddlebag. Pulled out the thin piece of vellum that she’d shown him at Lindsfarne. It was hard to read in the firelight. She threw on another branch to feed the blaze. She pointed to the images. “I have seen these in my dreams. The feathered serpent, the river girl, the mother serpent, and a flayed man.” She traced the curve of a butterfly wing along the side of the drawing, but Guillaume’s eyes were caught on the man pealing back his skin in the lower left corner of the drawing.
Guillaume grunted. He touched his arm. “I shed my armor skin. But what does it mean?”
“Did you see anyone else in the dream?” said Kat.
“I do not understand,” said Guillaume.
Kat sighed. “When you dreamed were you always yourself? Were there others?” She wrapped her hands in cloth and carefully pulled a tin cup out of the fire. “Seems to me that there’s more than two of you.” She looked up at them. “The world does not revolve around us.” Kat pointed at Guillaume. “He’s the flayed man. You’re the red-headed serpent.” Kat waved at Elizabeth’s braid-curled red hair. “And as neither of you is a water woman, or, heh—” she gave Elizabeth a long look, “any sort of mother, I’d guess there’s at least three more people we need to find.”
“Here I would be the Mistress of my own story and you assign me a minor role. Shocking,” said Elizabeth. Kat had a coughing fit. Elizabeth ignored her and worked at untangling her hair. “But at least my Demon is no more central to the tale than I.” 
Elizabeth frowned at a tangled lock of hair. “Without a key to understanding the significance of these images, or knowing where these other people might be, We know what We knew to begin with.” She waved her hand at the sky. “End of the world, horrible portents.”
Kat clucked her tongue. “Your Majesty, I am sure Lord Cecil is poring over the Codex right now, muttering over our tardiness. And given how Sir Guillaume,” she smirked at him, “fell into your lap, perhaps the others will as well.”
Elizabeth snorted and then winced as she tugged at a clumped knot in her hair.
Michael --- London town --- Equinox
Michael prowled the palace.
Hardly anyone paid any attention. Felipe was meeting with a bunch of raisin-faced lords raising troops for some sort of half-assed war.
Alvarado had gone with dull steps with the courier. Michael was in charge.
He had a mistress. Even if she wasn’t real. Or at least not a real Queen. Her body was real enough. Heavy melon-ripe breasts. Full lips that begged to bleed with kisses. He adjusted his codpiece. He needed to find his mistress.
He tried to keep his walk to a saunter as he entered Obsidian’s sitting room. “Your Majesty.”
Obsidian rutful-lips smiled at her maid. She said, “You may leave us, Ruisa; I have things to discuss with my servant.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” said Ruisa, and departed without so much as a glance. Odd that. He’d never been left alone with any of Their Majesties. Ever.
Michael let his eyes linger on Obsidian. He said, “I don’t know what kind of spell this is, but it’s impressive.” He pulled his gaze away from her breasts, mounded above the stiff neckline of her dress, and blinked to think of the soft sweet blood pounding through her neck.
Obsidian traced a pattern in the carved wood on the table top. “But it’s not a spell.” She raised her eyebrows slightly. “It’s a miracle.”
Someone certainly thought highly of herself.
She laughed. A long, low lapping bucket of cream and blood. Curled in his ears until it curdled. It was a sound so rich that it overwhelmed the effect it was having. He shook his head and really looked at her. For the first time, he noticed the bump on her nose. Her teeth, they were crooked.
She said, “Good. You’re becoming numbed to the effect.” She walked around her chair.
He put a dimple in his smile. “Mind telling me who you are?”
Obsidian continued to walk around the table, fingers moving along the patterns in the wood. “I’m the soft fog on the water that runs the ship aground.” A long brush of her fingers. “The smoke of the fire that consumes the forest.” She came around the other end of the table. “The heart’s last dark thought before the storm.” She stopped in front of him and waited. Watched him.
Michael briefly wished he’d gone to a pub. “What the hell does that mean?” He did his own pace around her. She was a bit taller than he was, and he didn’t wish he were at the pub at all. All of a sudden, he wanted to do more than just rut her into the table while draining her blood to the last drop.
He wanted to burn away all her fog. Make her want him. Beg to tell him all her secrets. Cry his name and call him master. That’s what he wanted and that was what he was going to have.
He looked up insolently into her eyes. Didn’t touch her. Willed her to touch him. He said, “Now that you’ve got me here, what’re you going to do with me?”
Obsidian put her hand along the side of his face. Her skin was warm around the iron ring on her finger. She said, “Ah, my Huitlipochli, my Angel, finally you ask the right question.” She leaned in close, her breath brushing against his ears. “I’m going to go kill with you.”
“What?” asked Michael. Not what he’d been hoping for.
She tisked her tongue, but he wasn’t going to be thrown off. “You want people dead, you just have to snap your fingers and I’ll go kill them for you.”
Obsidian stepped back from him. She said, “But then I wouldn’t get to know you better, or you me.” She spread arms out wide. “Tonight, I think I’ll hunt the things that prowl in the night, as my un-sister does.”
That was certainly something he understood.
Obsidian circled around him, her skirts brushed against his legs. “But first, I’ll need to change clothes.” She came around the other side of him and turned her back to him. “Rip off my dress, my Angel,” She glanced over her shoulder, “and then stop.”
“Uh, right. Not a problem,” said Michael. He gripped the two back panels of her dress and pulled. The heavy fabric ripped at the seams. Seed pearls scattered to the floor. He let go of the dress. She stepped free of the fabric and kicked it to one side with a bare foot.
He unbuckled her farthingale. Some things were a bitch to tear apart.
She breathed in. Breathed out. “Don’t unbuckle. If you cannot tear it, cut it with a knife. I won’t mind if you nick my skin.” Another dark sidewise glance. “But only a little. We’re just getting to know each other.”
Michael swallowed, a sudden rush of taste in his mouth. He pulled one of his daggers from his sleeve and placed it under the top knot of her corset. The knife was sharp for cutting throats. He slid it under the cord at the top of the corset and sliced through it in a heartbeat. Grazed her skin with the point and a drop of blood stained her chemise. Bright cherry sweet. He made another cut. Another tiny cut. Until Obsidian’s corset gapped open, and there were lines of red down her spine.
She breathed in and out. “Ah,” she said. “I had almost forgotten how to breathe. Continue.”
Michael bunched her chemise in his hands and tore it in half.
She stood there, naked as a babe. All lush woman’s curves. He wasn’t as affected by her as he had been, but she was stark naked and it was a beautiful sight. She walked to the desk and picked up a ceramic container. She smeared bright blue color on her skin. She said, “My un-sister likes to play at dress-up, but this is the thing that we are.” She painted her skin in circles and whorls. Patterns that he’d seen on ancient graves as a boy. Symbols he’d never seen before. She watched his eyes moving over her and said, “I wanted you to see this because a mirror is nothing without someone to look into it. Even if you don’t have a reflection.”
She picked up a strip of leather and wrapped her breasts.
“Too bad,” he said and dimpled the smile that the barmaids always sighed over.
“If I had a boy’s chest, I wouldn’t bother,” she said and tied the leather off.
“If you had a boy’s chest, it wouldn’t be too bad,” said Michael. He licked the edge of his knife in a long slow rush. Just a memory of her blood on it.
She shrugged and wrapped a breach clout around her hips. Leather for sandals, all the way up her long bare legs. Then she went to the cabinet and took a glinting curved axe from a drawer. She said, “I like a weapon with curves.” Then she jumped into the window frame and disappeared down into the dark. He looked out the window. She was already across the yard.
“She’s going to be freezing, the silly bitch,” he said. He jumped after her. Followed her as they ran across the garden. They slipped past the guards, who didn’t even look at them. Her sandaled feet flashed over the stones. They ran through the streets. She paused at a street corner, and said, “This is a wonderfully filthy city.”
“Yeah. Where are we going?” asked Michael, looking around. He had no idea where they were.
She closed her eyes and flipped the axe in the air. It spun in the dark. She caught it as it fell and pointed with it down a dark alley. She jumped over a pile of rags that was a man. Past the filth of the street, down the narrowing ally. Michael wondered if the new not-Queen was about to get herself killed.
She slipped up to a door under the swaying sign of a red demon. She kicked it open.
Smoke puffed out into the night. Red eyes glowed, as torchlight shone on the curves of tusks and warty skin. “Crap,” said Michael.
Obsidian spun the axe in her hand and ran into hell’s tavern.
Some creature out of a nightmare folded up nine feet tall from its chair and swatted silver talons at her. She sheered off its right leg in a wide swing of her axe and ran forward through the spray of its blood as it fell screaming.
Or maybe she’d do just fine.
Michael laughed and ran inside. He slipped out his daggers and went to it. He took a corner, so he could grab glances as she fought. As her axe spun in the red light like a really pretty thing. Whatever she was, she was really strong.
She bent back to avoid a Green Jack’s hand, the size of a plate. On her spin, stabbed a Red Cap with the axe’s pike handle and rammed the Green Jack’s hand into a dark Kelpie.
Michael carved his space in a flicker of blood and daggers. Tried not to slip on the floor. If he went down, he wasn’t getting up again.
It was kind of terrifying. It was the most incredible thing he’d ever done. He watched Obsidian. Wooed her with his cuts and thrusts, while she spun him round with her wide curved downstrokes and long-legged up-kicks.
Then there were none.
Obsidian whooped and yelled. Then she walked over, pressed her body against him full length and laid a kiss on him that could raise a Frost Giant’s cock.
When she pulled away, she said, “Edible, but this isn’t what we came for.” Then she ran across the slippery floor and up the narrow, dark stairs. Michael picked his way across the floor and went after her. Climbed up and looked for monsters to kill.
There was a closed door. Obsidian twirled her axe. She said, “I love steel. I couldn’t do this with a stone blade.” She slammed the axe into the door until it cracked open. Obsidian pushed the remains of the door aside and walked on through.
A wild-eyed girl huddled on the floor, clutching some sort of sea shell. She was whispering, “You can’t see me. I’m dead. You can’t see me.”
Michael wondered how the girl got past the lot downstairs. Seemed just a slip of a thing. A strong breeze’d break her in half. Not like Obsidian, who looked like she made two of the girl.
Obsidian propped her axe against the wall and said, “Sweetling, that may work on some, but not on me. And never on my Angel. I’m all reflection and he has none.”
The girl dropped her hands and glared at them through a tangle of hair. She said, “I’m dead, dead, dead, in a pool of my own blood rotting. Go away.”
Obsidian knelt down next to the girl and brushed back her hair. The girl winced. Obsidian said, “Sweetheart, you came to me in my city. You knew what would happen. Where is your father? Where is Doctor Dee?”
Michael felt like he should know that name. He felt, actually he felt incredible. Owned by a witchy woman and covered in blood. He licked a streak of green glop on his hand. Tasted like green.
The girl tapped her head against the wall and muttered, “Sometimes he’s here waving his crystal wand at you. Curses fly splat, splat. Sometimes he’s dead and gone. Frozen at the edge of the sea. Sometimes, you don’t come here at all. I don't remember which one this is.”
Obsidian laughed and held the girl’s chin in her hand. Smeared red and green and black on her. Obsidian said, “That’s too bad. This would be easier if I had Dee. But, in the end, you’re the important one. I've quite enjoyed the dreams that you've sent. You’ve been causing a lot of chaos with my gifts.” She leaned in and kissed the girl’s forehead. “Thank you.”
The girl cried. “I don’t want your gift. Take it back.”
Obsidian smoothed the girl’s hair. “Sweetheart, it doesn’t work that way. Once you eat the apple, it’s eaten. Once a window is opened, the draft is already in.”
Michael crossed his arms. Yeah, yeah. Crazy girl. Crazy woman. Crazy conversation.
He felt himself coming off the high from the fight. Suddenly, everything seemed so incredibly boring. Mainly because it had nothing to do with him.
Even the frightened girl was boring. Shook her head in a tumble of hair. “You don’t get to call me that. My name is Lucretia.”
“Like the virtuous wife,” said Obsidian. She turned Lucretia’s face in her bloodied hand this way and that. Like there was anything all that interesting there to see. Obsidian practically pulled the girl into her lap now. “If you’re here, then you know what I want.”
Lucretia flinched, but didn’t resist. She said, “I never know. I just tumble to the tide until I get smooth.”
Michael said, “Smooth and a few stones short of a load.”
Obsidian stroked the crazy girl’s crazy hair. She said, “Don’t be jealous, my Angel.” She beckoned to him.
He walked over to her and crouched next to them. Obsidian reached around the girl and took his hand. Took his dagger. Shifted the trembling girl into the corner where the ceiling slanted to its lowest point. “Hush, my Tlaloc, my water child. My Angel needs to understand. He’s been so patient.” Obsidian made a long slice along her own thigh. “The blood near the femoral artery is the sweetest, don’t you think? Come, have a taste, my Angel.”
He didn’t care what she was saying. He knew what he wanted. Stared at the bright blood on her dark skin, got down on his knees and licked at the wound.
Then he stopped screwing around and sucked. Tasted dark jungles and golden growling panthers, and he was a damned hummingbird. Shoved his beak into flower after flower. Water girl melted and the metal man shed his skin. And he was her, drank her up. Bright sunshine girl and dark-eyed crow descending. Golden limbs in a golden bed, thrusting into his/her brother/sister. Wrapped himself herself around his her beloved not-sister not-brother, and the world crumbled in a wave of cracks and carrion flies.
Found himself lying on his back panting at the ceiling. He licked a drop of blood that slid down his chin.
The crazy girl said, “It’s like shouting at a wall. Half the times, he’s Thisbe, Thisbe, Thisbe open a chink. Romeo can’t focus.” True enough, he could barely focus his eyes for the trees and flowers in the way.
He wanted another taste. He smiled at Obsidian hopefully.
Obsidian tapped Lucretia on the cheek and said, “That’s one of his charms.” She stood up. There wasn’t even a wound. Obsidian said to Michael, “My Angel?”
Michael got up onto his elbow. “Yeah.”
She said, “Make this girl a vampire.”
For a moment, it seemed like Michael heard an old man cry out, but there was no one there but them. Must be the aftereffects of—damn, but her blood was fuzzy.
Obsidian was a much, much, much better master than Felipe.
Michael licked his lips and rolled over next to the girl. He was going to need to sit up for this. Focus. He crawled onto all fours. He said, “This’ll hurt a lot.” He squinted to focus his eyes.
Crazy girl said, “Don’t worry, Papa. It’s just the river going into the sea.”
Yeah, crazy. No struggle in her at all. She should struggle. He’d struggled and fought. For all the good it’d done him.
He bit her neck, because that was traditional, or so he’d heard, and her blood was like water after Obsidian. Crazy weird blue hazy water. He drank tomorrow and he drank yesterday. Rolled into him like waves. He drank her first kiss. Her never kiss. Angels on hills and goats with blue horns and she was almost empty. So, he kissed her, like he had once been kissed in a filthy alley. Part of his demon worm sluggishly crawled through their lips and into her heart. Hidden behind her wide cold eyes.
There was the sound of an old man weeping. But Michael knew it was just the blood. There was no one there but Obsidian.
She pulled him to his feet. Michael felt strange. The demon in his heart felt strange. Tired and slow moving. Michael had never made another vampire before. He asked, “Are we taking her with us?”
Obsidian picked up her axe. “No. I want to see what she does. She’ll either destroy the world or save it. That’s what water does.”
They walked back down the dark stairs. Into the tavern full of so much rotting meat. Walked out into the night. Outside Obsidian looked at the alley. “Now, what should we kill next?”
Elizabeth --- Trail --- Minutes
The sun went behind the afternoon clouds.
Elizabeth blinked to rest her eyes of the vast scoured landscape.
Her progress of three strung out along the old Roman road. They’d lost too many days to catch up with Blanche. Although by now, Elizabeth did not wish to hurry. She looked down at her Demon. Always walking at her side.
Then Elizabeth looked back at Kat. 
Kat widened her eyes at Elizabeth’s glance and chuckled. Same as she had when Elizabeth dressed that morning in her shieldmaid’s clothes. Purely because it was simpler to ride astride in woolen leggings. The sandals. They went with the outfit. It was not as if her legs and feet were bare. Merely discernable.
She looked straight ahead at the clouded sky and the rolling hills. Found herself looking down at her eagle-faced Knight.
He didn’t seem to trust the clouds. He tilted his sunshade and looked like he expected to be betrayed by the sky.
Elizabeth clucked her tongue and said, “Such care when it’s always cloudy at this time of day. For someone who has asked to die, you do take good care not to.” Felt her heart give an extra beat and waited for his response.
He walked and patted the horse’s side briefly, a handspan from her leg. He looked up the sky, looked at her, “Sky was not this regulated when I was a boy.” He shrugged, her handsome hawkish man with a sunshade tilted over his shoulder.
“Clearly, it was a less organized age.” She moved her leg in the stirrup. “I see the truth, you wish to push the sin of your death onto my shoulders. Hardly knightly,” said Elizabeth. She glanced back briefly to see if Kat marked this conversation. But Kat had drawn her horse back behind him.
Guillaume patted the horse again. A brief brush of his thumb across the round bone of Elizabeth’s ankle at the end of his horsy caress. He said, “Knightly. What is that?” He gave his horse another brush of fingers. Ended in a light touch, his wide hand rested on her stirrup. All of her awareness seemed to drain to his words and the burning brand of his hand above her foot. “Do not warm to me. Even now I want—” He shook his head. “The demon in my heart—longs to kill you. Were it not for the collar,” he looked up at her, and held her eyes with his own, “I would kill you.”
She held his gaze. “You could try.” She quirked her lips. “Better demons than you have failed.”
Her Demon, her Guillaume, briefly brushed her ankle again with his thumb. “There are no better demons.”
“Merely less honest and more humble ones.” She reached down to slap his shoulder, but even now there were eyes on her. Chuckles. She turned the gesture into a stretch and asked, “So, have you a time limit for your demise?”
“No.” His hand dropped back to his side and he turned to look up at the wall, “Do you hear that?”
“What?” Elizabeth sat up straight in her saddle and listened. She heard the wind.
He said, “It’s another Nephilim.”
Then Elizabeth could hear it. Only one voice this time, but still, it was enough to set Kat to urging her horse towards the wall. The sound came from somewhere on the other side.
Elizabeth said, “Damn it all,” and pulled Kat her from her horse.
Kat said, “No, let me go to it. It’s calling me.” She struggled. Struck Elizabeth a broad crack across the face.
Elizabeth said, “Does it ever get any easier?” as Kat got in another blow. Elizabeth sat on her. Trussed her up with Elizabeth’s own belt.
“No,” said Guillaume, held the horses.
“That’s my Demon,” said Elizabeth, finishing tying up Kat. “Ever the ray of sunshine.” She pulled the remaining wax from the saddlebags and warmed it in her hands.
Guillaume loosely tied the horses to a bush and looked around for a weapon. There wasn’t a tree in sight. He grunted and pulled apart his sunshade. Dropped a rock inside the deer’s skin and tied Elizabeth’s ribbons around the end.
She looked around. The creature had yet to appear, but she could still hear it.
As she placed the warm wax in Kat’s ears, she asked, “Why aren’t we affected?”
“I never was,” said her good Demon, “but you, it’s probably the blood. Blood changes things.”
Kat said, “I’m fine now,” in an overly loud voice. Elizabeth took her belt back.
Guillaume scanned the horizon.
Still no creature. She was beginning to get impatient. It’s voice was echoing from down the valley. She yelled, “Hello, warm body. Come and feast.”
Kat yelled, “Even I heard that.”
Guillaume said, “So much for any element of surprise.”
Elizabeth shrugged. It had seemed the thing to do. Now if the creature would just show up they could ... but she didn’t finish her thought as the thing swept over the wall, wrapped a tentacle round her waist. Pulled her off her feet. Elizabeth struggled to free the arm holding her rapier trapped against her body.
Her Demon ran forward. The creature batted him down the hillside.
Ah, this was it. Her death as farce.
The Nephilim lanced her legs and arms and belly with its spines. She felt her flesh growing cold.
Kat, her brave Kat, picked up rock and threw it at the Nephilim. Didn’t really hurt it, but the blow distracted it enough for it to loosen its grip. Elizabeth pulled her rapier free. She sliced at the tentacles holding her. She felt incredibly cold. Her arms were going numb. But that didn’t matter. She didn’t need to feel to swing at it. She just needed to see.
Elizabeth slashed with her rapier and found herself flung back. Rolled to the ground in a crouch. Looked in time to see it casually, oh, so casually, gather Kat into some sort of obscene embrace. Struggling. Hitting at it with her hands curled into claws, dear Kat.
Her Demon finally found his way back up the hill, and ran forward. Yelled, “Deus vult!” Again. Her Demon was the worst unbeliever ever.
Elizabeth slashed down with her sword. No science. Just cut as hard and as fast as she could. Sweet apple scented blood spattered on her face. She heard the dull thuds of her Demon’s blows. Didn’t stop till she’d cut the thing’s head from its body, because she wanted to be sure.
Ran to her Kat. Grey, wide-eyed face stared up at her. Blank and empty. Elizabeth found herself on her knees and didn’t remember falling. Her chest merely quaked with the blows of her heart, as her Demon held her.
She brushed him back, and said, “We are the Queen. We do not have time for such. We must, um... ” She shook her head and pushed back hot tears. Cry later. If she started now, she did not think she would stop. “We must.” Elizabeth pushed the thoughts down. “We will dig graves.”
Her Demon whispered, “Yes. The good lady Kat instructed me in the method of it.”
Elizabeth watched as her Demon dug in the afternoon rain. She was numb. Elizabeth wondered if the Nephilim had lanced her heart with one of its spines. She felt frozen. Stood and watched while her Demon dug with their only shovel. She looked at where the thing had lanced her with its spines, but there no wounds, not even scars. She didn’t have a scratch on her.
That wasn’t possible.
Something had changed her. She shook the thought away.
While her Demon dug, she wrapped up the creature’s head in a bag. She didn’t know why she wanted it. She just did.
She looked at him. Looked at her dear dead. Elizabeth placed Angel coins over Kat’s eyes.
Then there was nothing to do but say meaningless words, cover love with dirt, and say goodbye.
“Does it ever get any easier?” she asked, resting her forehead against Kat’s horse as she adjusted the stirrups.
Guillaume said, “No.” Now swathed in his cloak to shield himself from the emerging sun.
“That’s my Demon,” she said. “Ever the ray of sunshine.” She climbed onto Kat’s horse.
Lucretia --- London --- Afterlife
Lucretia opened her eyes to a confusion of color and numbers.
The demon worm in her heart was asleep. Just born and already asleep.
There was dried blood in her hair. On her clothes. She could smell it. She could smell everything. Licked her lips and tasted herself.
Tasted her lover. He’d given her his child. A worm in her heart. She’d given him dreams and time, and he gave her a worm. Jerk.
She stifled a dry sob. She didn’t understand why her Papa would want her to come all this way for this. It made her sad to think that he hadn’t seen clear enough to know that this would happen. But then, he hadn’t known he would die along a frozen sea either.
Papa was gone.
There was no world where she came and Papa didn’t go.
Lucretia was alone.
She licked her lips. Tasted faintest flavor of Her. She tasted like flowers in the fall. Cruel with black thorns and angry to be born to the frost.
Lucretia’s body hurt. Her belly hurt, and she felt hollow. It shouldn’t hurt to be dead, but it did. Her heart had stopped. The steady beat of time inside had stopped.
Except not really, because there was a city all around yelling, “A god of crazy lives here, wheee!”
Lucretia whispered, “Stop it,” and pushed herself to her feet. They felt wobbly. They felt strong. She didn’t know where she was going, but she didn’t want to stay here.
Itz --- Paris, France --- Epiphany
They sailed into the sprawling arms of the city.
Henri looked at the banks of the river. “Itz, Paris is burning. Why is Paris burning?”
Itz looked at the flames that consumed the riverside warehouses in the filthy sleet and wondered what they could be burning. They had sailed past the empty fields. She knew there was no grain. She said, “When I prayed for the destruction of empires, clearly I should have been more specific.” She brushed ash from Henri’s shoulder. She said, “Go below and get your gift for your mother, the Queen. We’ll be docking soon.”
Henri grumbled, “Yes, Itz.” He ran below decks. He was still angry about the box.
The ship pulled under the shadow of the Pont de Vitreaux, slowed and came to a halt. Time to get off. Henri returned, clutching a small cloth bag that contained a gift for his mother.
She rested her hands on Henri’s shoulders. “Henri, in the past, you could have been killed by running off on your own.”
Henri shrugged away from her. “Yeah, I know, you told me.”
Itz shook him slightly. “I’m telling you again. Stay close to me.”
“Yes, Itz,” repeated Henri with unrelenting childish resentment. Until the next mood.
They slipped onto the muddy bank of the river. Climbed up the riverbanks and into the warren of buildings that surrounded the palace.
Itz heard pounding footsteps, and held Henri back in a dank alley. Men with clubs thundered by.
They slipped into the street. Plenty of carrion for the sky women to feed on, sleek and plump, growling over dead rioters.
They clung to doorways and alleys.
Finally, they came to where the Palace loomed above the leaning houses around it. The guards at the gate would not let them in until Itz threw back her hood. Fortunately, Itz was well known.
From there, they were handed from lean servant to gaunt.
The Queen huddled in her parlor poring over lists. She glanced up at them. “You’re late.”
Itz sank into a low curtsey, “Your pardon, Your Majesty.”
Henri rushed forward, “It wasn’t Itz’s fault. We were attacked. By vampires and Wind Hags and, and people shot at us.”
Queen Catherine smiled at her son. “What, after all this time and no hug for your mother?” She held out her arms and Henri flickered a glance at Itz. He hugged his mother gingerly and then squirmed back. “But it’s really not Itz’s fault. Really.” He paused, then handed her the cloth-wrapped package.
She set it to one side without looking at it. “We are not interested in excuses. Only in results.” She said, “We are not displeased overall. With the Turk and the Pope at war with the Hapsburg, they have all but abandoned their war with us and we are free to deal with matters at home.”
“At home,” said Itz, head still bowed, not rising from her curtsey until bidden. “But what of the war with King Felipe?” she asked the floor.
Catherine waved a hand covered in rings, like an iron gauntlet. “King Felipe is busy with other battles. Our war can wait. Internal matters cannot.” Catherine thumped the table with each phrase. “The Guise, these Huguenots, I had thought to set them on each other, as you advised me, but I am harried from all sides. Now I see that I must trim them both in one move.” She crumpled a list. “I have already begun to burn them out.”
“Ah,” said Itz, looking through her eyelashes at the glaze in her Majesty’s eyes. The fevered color. She was not well. Itz asked, “As these are then troubled times, will you give us a troop of men to protect us on our way to England?”
Catherine still not bid her to rise. She merely irritably rubbed her eyes. “Yes, yes, England, that is why you are late.”
“I again humbly beg your pardon, Your Majesty,” said Itz to the floor. Wondered what was really wrong. Catherine was not always the most stable of masters, but she was normally more ... practical.
Her practical Queen was currently pacing across the floor. “While you partied in Rome, the Queen of England has died.”
“My condolences,” Itz told the moldings on the wall. “Has Elizabeth claimed the throne, or is Marguerite, Queen of Navarre and dowager of France, making her move?” She dared a glance up. “We must support Elizabeth’s claim at all costs. Marguerite’s Guise relatives would make her no friend of ours.”
Only to see Queen Catherine abruptly turn towards her. “What are you babbling about?” asked Queen Catherine. “Obsidian has assumed the throne.”
“Obsidian?” asked Itz. That was unexpected information.
“Yes, have you gone deaf as well as witless, creature?” Also unexpected. Itz had served the Queen for almost twenty years, and she had never spoken to her so. Queen Catherine said, “Have you some issue with the Queen? Some of my other vampires have been very foolish about her.”
“No, no issues.” Itz was not a fool. “So, there is a new Queen in England. We should go there in all haste. Surely, she will want for allies against Marguerite of Navarre.”
“Which is why you are late. The old Queen has already been interred and the new Queen crowned. Even now, King Felipe pushes her into war—with Queen Elizabeth of all things.” Catherine brooded over her lists. “You must go with all haste to England and sway the new Queen to our way of thinking.” Catherine’s hands clenched into fists. “The Guise think to destroy me, topple me from my throne, but it is they that will be crushed.”
Itz calmed herself. Whatever was happening, her Queen was already lost. She said, “Will you give us a troop of your personal guards, then?”
Catherine paced to the far wall. “No,” paced back again, “I can’t afford them. Just take the boy and go.” Ah, no more beloved favorite speeches.
Itz tried again. “But your Majesty, the country is unsettled. It is very dangerous.”
Catherine walked over to her, where she still knelt on the floor. “Do you argue with me, creature?”
“No, of course not, Your Majesty.” Itz spread her hands across her skirts and rose. Henri stood there staring at his mother. Itz pulled him gently from the room, left the Queen to her plots.
As they made their way down the marble halls, strangely empty of furniture, Itz wondered what had been used for firewood and what for reinforcing the gates.
When they reached the wide curving staircase, Henri said, “Itz, my Mother, the Queen, she seemed... ” He trailed off.
“Unbalanced. Yes, I fear so.” She glanced at Henri, the same height as herself and so thin.
He slowly walked down the steps. “It’s not your fault. You’d have gotten me here sooner if you could.”
Itz watched hurtling servants careen across the floor below. She asked, “What do you know of this Obsidian?”
Henri smiled. “You’re testing me. I know this. She’s the daughter of Queen Mary Tudor of England.” His forehead furrowed, as he tried to dig up gems for her.
She asked, “And if I told you that this Obsidian was not the daughter of Queen Mary, that Queen Mary had no daughter, what would you say?”
“I’d say you were being stupid.” He paused, amazed at his own words, as well he should be. “Or maybe you were testing me some more.” He looked at her hopefully.
Itz considered a king’s stone profile on the landing below. “Is it normal for you to think I’m being stupid?”
Henri shifted and looked up at the painted naked nymphs disporting on the ceiling, “Um, no. You know everything.”
“Then it is up to you decide. I am not testing you.” Itz let go of Henri’s hand. “Both you and the Queen are under a spell. A very powerful spell.” She walked lightly down the curving stairs to the next landing. “My people had a legend about someone named Obsidian.” She rested her hand on the marble railing. “With everything that has been happening in the world, I fear ... ” She stopped. Perhaps she was just imagining it. “She must be a sorceress taking advantage of the situation.” She resumed walking down the stairway.
“Oh,” said Henri. He looked at the nymphs, at the wide empty stairs, at his own hands. He said, “It doesn’t make any sense, but you’re always right.”
“No, but in this I am.” She held out her hand to him and he took it. Warm and damp in her cold dry one.
They continued walking. He said, “How are we going to get to England?”
“You heard the Queen, Your Mother. In all haste.” She adjusted his cloak for the trip back to the boat. “Which I think may be a very good idea.”
Chapter 7: Turn All Spheres at Once
Elizabeth --- The Dales --- Halfway through the journey
They made good time.
Just the two of them.
They made terrible time. It was bone cold. Elizabeth could not get warm. The grass turned silver with frost. Leaves shed from trees in a rattled brown hail. Elizabeth heard the wind whisper half-understood words as the leaves crunched under their horses’ pounding feet.
Elizabeth did not glance around. Did not ask her Demon if he’d heard anything. If he’d said anything. Elizabeth said nothing. She merely bent down over her horse’s neck and urged it into a gallop.
Her Demon yelled after her, “Slow down.” She ignored him. At this speed the wind’s voice was merely a blur.
But as always, her Demon was her better conscience. He galloped past her, slowed her horse with the bulk of his and the sound of his voice.
Above, black clouds hid the sun, although it was morning. Rain threatened all day, every day, but wouldn’t fall.
“Mistress Vexation, have a care for the horses.”
She didn’t look at him.
“Village ahead. We could stop.”
Elizabeth shook her head. She said, her voice feeling rusted and grey, “No. We’ll ride until nightfall.”
Her Demon sighed.
They rode on until it grew too dark to see. The breezes whispered in her ears. This must be what going mad felt like. Hearing voices until she couldn’t stand it. Poking the fire with a stick. “Did you hear that?”
“What?” asked her Demon.
She shook her head and huddled next to the fire trying to get warm. Felt a heavy wool cloak drop around her shoulders. Looked up. Guillaume shrugged. “It’s night. I don’t need it to keep off the sun.” He tried to smile at her. It was a poor attempt. Clearly her Demon did not know that the trick of smiles was to force them in the eyes.
She looked back at the fire. Chewed on the hardtack he put in her hands. He wouldn’t leave her to hunt. She didn’t care. The hardtack suited her. Filled her ears with chewing the better to ignore the breeze.
Then wonderfully, unasked, her Demon spoke. First he asked her a question. “Are you hungry?”
“No.”
He nodded and dropped a pile of wood next to her. “Are you tired?”
“No.”
He put another log into the fire, made it crackle with hungry delight. He asked, “Are you cold?”
She poked the fire with a stick and said, “I don’t want to make small words.” Then she lay down next to her sword on the ground and stared open-eyed at the cold, crackling fire.
He laid his sword down next to hers and he gave her big words. He told her stories while she stared at her fire. He told about his adventures. Not from his years as a monster, but from before. When he was the Goodly Knight. He told her how he'd sailed up the Bosporus on a silver evening when the moon was full and the air was still. Mist on the mirror waters and everything seemed to float. He told her about the Philosopher’s island city that swarmed with calico cats. He even told her how he died and did not stay dead. Obvious really. 
But still he spoke. For hours every night. She didn’t know he had so many words.
Elizabeth didn’t say anything. Rode in silence. Lay on her side and pretended to sleep while he told her about the soft-hearted Basilisk or the onion-witted sorcerer or the Nebullim’s gold. She’d listen to anything if it drowned out the sound of her own thoughts.
Obsidian --- London, England --- Zodiac Turning, the Bear
Obsidian was tired. She’d stayed up late into the morning painting sigils on her icon. Using her blood as the dearest sort of paint.
She’d gotten up very early. Had Ruisa dress her in a gold cloth gown. Had a stable boy hold her surly unicorn’s bridle while she climbed onto the stupid sidesaddle. It tried to rear and throw her. She didn’t let it.
She rode in front of a line of silver-clad ladies down to her frozen river to review her shivering troops. The unicorn tried to gore several people. Unicorns were such angry creatures. So few innocents left.
Especially today.
Today King Felipe marched to war.
She said, “My loving people, we have been persuaded by some,” she gestured to King Felipe on his Spanish palomino, champing at the bit, “to commit ourselves to armed multitudes, for fear of treachery.”
The soldiers shouted, “Death to Traitors!” and “God Save the Queen!”
The unicorn moved restlessly and snapped against the red silk ribbons of its bridle. Tried to reach back and bite her. She reined it in.
She raised a hand and then lowered it. This was important. So much depended on her words and the love in their hearts. She said, “I assure you, I do not desire to live in distrust of my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear; for myself, I place my chiefest strength and safeguard in the loyal hearts and good will of my subjects.”
She smiled for each and every one of them. Gathered their names to her. From angry Lord Pembroke to stars-in-his-eyes little Edward Black, the drummer boy.
She said, “I know I have but the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart of a king, and a king of England, too.” She paused and let the crowd feel their blood in their veins. Pounding hearts marching off to war. “And I think foul scorn on York and Scotland or any prince of Europe who should dare to invade the borders of my realms.” The crowd roared.
The drummers drummed a soft steady beat. A beat that must not stop for the length of this conflict. Or at least until the longest night. That long at least. Not long now.
The energy of the crowd fed her, as they threw their approval and love and blind devotion to her feet like flowers. Like threads to be stitched into her skin. Connecting them all.
She raised and lowered her hands again. “By your forwardness, I know that you have deserved rewards and crowns.” The soldiers thumped their feet and pikes in approval at that. “And We do assure you, on the word of a prince, they shall be duly paid you. For you should know that each single drop of your blood spilled in my name, in England’s name, I shall take to my heart.”
The crowd fed her truly then on cheers and love and the sound of their feet on the hard frozen earth.
She held out a rust-red ribbon to King Felipe. He took it; the ribbon dyed in her blood, and tied it around his arm. “In the meantime, my good Father shall be in my stead, and never prince sent a more noble and worthy proxy; not doubting your obedience to my general, by your concord in the camp and by your valor in the field, we shall a famous victory wreak over the enemies of my God, of my Kingdom, and my People.”
She held out her hand to King Felipe and he kissed her ring of office. Then he went off to do the thing that he wanted to do anyway.
She sat on her white unicorn braided with red ribbons. She listened as the drumbeat carried her soldiers away to spill their blood on English soil. The reason she’d become Queen in the first place.
Obsidian felt drained.
But there was still so much to do.
She rode her unicorn back to the palace. She dismounted and turned to the stable boy. “Beautiful animal, isn’t it?”
He said, “Yes.” There was a little tremble in his voice as he carefully walked around it. He moved carefully from where it had bitten him.
She looked into the unicorn’s clear blue eyes. “I think I’m tired of it, though.” She smiled at the stable boy. “Dispose of it as you see fit.”
The stable boy smiled at the unicorn with its silver hooves and shining horn. It was not a pleasant smile.
Obsidian left the unicorn to the remnants of its fate and went up to her rooms to prepare.
That night she held a feast. The latest in the daily round of consumption and drunkenness and fear and rut and desperation. Were there nine months left to the world, there would indeed soon be a confusion of swelling bellies and diseased parts.
Obsidian watched them at their joys and felt empty. She could feel time drain from her skin.
She drank cool, clear water and sipped at sweet wine.
She prepared herself.
She had braziers brought to her chambers to bring them to a proper warmth. As this world once was, when it was young.
Filled her chambers with candles and had the walls draped with tapestries of gardens and colors and red. Buckets of red roses and white. Her bearskin laid as a rug on the floor. She’d worn such a skin once. In this lifetime, she sent away her sweating women.
Removed her clothes herself this time. Stood naked in front of her mirror. The candlelight and roses tinted her hair red in the reflection.
She touched the soft fragile skin of her arms, muscled from lifting a sword that she had never lifted. Touched the smooth skin of her thighs, strong from dances that she had never stepped.
Sat on the bearskin and explored her feet. High arches and long toes. The round bone of her ankle and the long curved line of her calves.
Then she sipped her smuggled brandywine. Folded herself into its soft haze. This, the last night that she would be alone in herself. Folded herself into the rough soft feeling of the bearskin at her back and the warm moist air. Perfumed with roses. She explored herself. Their body. This body.
Lay in a haze of smoke and scents and wine and turned inward for the first time. The last time. Because she could. Because these were her days.
Woke to a dry mouth and a headache. Roses already rotting. She looked at herself in her reflection, then she summoned her women.
Had them dress her carefully. Prim and proper.
She went to the library. Picked her way amongst the weeping poets and forward-thrusting verbs and found a book to read.
Walked softly to her ballroom, empty floorboards. Empty, as she was empty. Soft skin and nerves. So many nerves brushing against velvet cloth. She wanted to be full and forever.
She whispered Michael’s name, his real one, Huitlipochli, the name of his dead heart. Then she opened her book and waited to see what would happen.
Michael --- London --- Culmination
Inside, he was silent. He hadn’t noticed at first. Dizzy on the taste of her blood. Of killing things with a Queen. But the voice that had whispered in his head for over a year now was quiet. The demon inside him felt like it had curled up into a lump, like something that couldn’t be swallowed.
He pounded at his chest, but it didn’t move.
Didn’t matter. He still craved the taste of her blood. He wanted more. He walked the castle until he found her in the ballroom.
Sat prim as you please on a seat in the window reading a book. He looked at his mistress, her black hair braided into a crown. The warm heady musk of her, as she wet her fingers on her red tongue and turned a creamy page in her red leather book.
“One of my favorites,” he said, “The Prince.” Well, he’d read it. Couldn’t help but remember it. That’s what vamps did. Remember.
Obsidian closed the book with a snap of her fingers. “Yes. Strange to find that I know its every word. My un-sister has odd tastes.” She ran a finger down its leather spine and said, “Upon this a question arises.”
He could play that game. He walked up to her. He took the book from her hand and he said, “Whether it be better to be loved than feared,” he let the book fall to the floor with a slap of leather on wood, “or feared than loved?”
Obsidian glanced up at him, a flicker of her black eyes. She stood up and inhaled, held the breath and let it go. She smiled faintly and struck Michael in the face.
His head snapped back. She was stronger than she looked, but the collar wouldn’t let him strike back.
Obsidian walked around him. She said, “One should wish to be both, but because it is difficult to unite them in one person,” she struck him again across the mouth, “it is much safer to be feared than loved.” Leaning forward she whispered, “Do what you long to do,” before she danced back across the floor in a rustle of fabric.
Michael felt the collar slip its chain on his choices. He said, “In general men are ungrateful, fickle, false.” He ran forward. She feinted left, but he was ready for her. He grabbed her hair, and tore at the braid just to muss her a little, scattered her pearls. “Cowardly and covetous,” he threw her to the inlaid dance floor, “and as long as you succeed, they are yours entirely.” She skidded back against the wall with a heavy thud.
He moved forward to kick her, but Obsidian slithered up the wall and onto her feet. She grabbed his foot and twisted him in the air, tumbled him down. She said, “Men will offer you ... ” She licked the blood from her lips and pulled a stake from her sleeve. She waved it in the air as they circled each other. He pulled his own blades out. “Their blood, property, life, and children, when the need is far distant.”
He darted forward but caught only her slick velvet with his blades. He lost a knife in the tangle of her skirts. He said, “But when it approaches, they turn against you.”
She smirked, and darted past him to strike a blow in the middle of his back with the heavy end of the stake. She said, “That prince who, relying entirely on their promises, has neglected other precautions, is ruined.”
He reached back blindly and grabbed one of her wrists. Spun them both around. They looked into each other’s eyes. Her scent was rich; even with the demon in him silent, he wanted her. But what he really wanted was for her to ask for it.
So instead, he twisted her wrist and said, “Because friendships that are obtained by payments and not by greatness and nobility of mind may indeed be earned.” He pressed her wrist until the stake fell to the floor. He pulled her close. He could smell her blood thrumming just under her skin. He could smell the jungle flower world the depth of her skin away.
She twisted in his arms and hooked her foot under his leg, tripped him, tumbled them both into the window seat with a thump. She lay on top of him, a dark shadow and, he tasted, rather than saw, her kiss him, their blood on their tongues, their teeth grinding their lips in hungry growls.
Her hot breath snarled across his face, as she whispered, “But they are not secured, and in time of need cannot be relied upon.” She slid off him in a tangle of legs and velvet. “Men have less scruple in offending one who is beloved, than one who is feared.” She licked her bloodied lips. “For love is preserved by the link of obligation.”
Michael leaned back in the soft pillows. He laughed and said, “Which, owing to the baseness of men ... ” He jumped to his feet and walked over to her. She stood still, waiting, her eyes challenging. He spun his remaining knife in his hand and slashed a shallow arc. “Is broken at every opportunity for their advantage.” She bled in a long thin line across her chest.
He was caught distracted by a right cross that staggered him back. She said, “But fear preserves you by a dread of punishment which never fails.” She kicked his remaining blade to spin away across the floor, “A prince ought to inspire fear in such a way that if he does not win love, he avoids hatred.” She took his face in her hands and devoured him with a kiss. Finally. At last.
She slammed him against the velvet curtains trailing by the window, like a shroud twisting around them. She whispered, “Because he can endure very well being feared.”
The curtains smelled of dust and dead sunlight. She smelled like sex and blood and places only seen in dreams. He said, “Whilst he is not hated, which will always be as long as he abstains.” He took her lips, licked her wonderful blood from her skin. Whispered against her, “From the property of his citizens, and subjects, and from their women.”
He spun them around. Pinned her hands to the hard wall under the surrounding fabric. He said, “He must do it on proper justification.” Used his other hand to slip inside her bodice and corset. “And for manifest cause.”
She said, “But above all things, he must ... keep his hands off ... the property of others.” She twisted free of him. Unbuckled the tongue of his belt. Pulled at the ties on his codpiece in efficient jerks.
He felt his clothes give way and fall beneath her cruel hands. He said, “Ah, besides pretexts for taking away property are never wanting.”
She spun them from their shroud to blink in the faint light. She whispered, “But reasons for taking life, on the contrary, are more difficult to find and sooner lapse.”
Michael said, “Among the wonderful deeds of Hannibal this one is enumerated,” he pushed her bodice down until her full breasts squeezed up over the top, “that having led an enormous army to fight in foreign lands—” Michael reached down to her ankle and slid up the layers of velvet to her skin.
He whispered against her breast, “Whether in his bad or in his good fortune. This arose from oh, nothing else than, oh, than his inhuman cruelty.” Tasted her. Gave in to what he wanted, his sharp canines pierced her breast and her blood dripped from the wound. He drank, felt the rush of the night and the blinding glow of the moon. Swallowed her heady blood. Rich and full of forests and dark spaces. He suckled eternity like a greedy child. But this time, it did not make him dizzy. Merely more alive than alive.
Michael growled, shoved up the rest of her skirts to gather around her waist.
She twisted in a tumble of legs until she lay on top of him. “His army rebelled in Spain.” She positioned herself over him. “This arose from nothing but his too great forbearance,” she said, writhed on him like nothing other than herself, soft and wet and woman, “which gave his soldiers more license.” He could smell her all around him now. Rolled over, so he could surround her like she surrounded him.
She snarled up at him, “For this he was, ah, upbraided in the Senate by Fabius,” she raked her nails down his chest, “Maximus and called the corrupter of the Roman soldiery.”
As he moved inside her, as he tried to get, to reach something, she said, “The Locrians were laid oh ... waste by a legate of um ... Scipio. Yet they were not oh avenged by him.” She moved her hips to his steady rhythm, urging him on.
Michael leaned over her on his forearms as he moved faster. Her darkness blood inside him, her body around him. He said, “Insomuch that someone, yeah, some in the umm ... Senate.”
He struggled for control and whispered, “But, but he being.” She moaned something and squeezed and he gave way and in. Faster and faster. The fabric of her dress spread around them. Her breasts moving with the beat of their bodies and he came into her, released his dead man’s gasp into her lips.
Beneath him, Obsidian smiled under his weight. She ran a hand through his hair. She said, “Returning to the question of being feared or loved,” she laughed, “I come to the conclusion that men loving according to their own will and fearing according to that of the prince,” she moved as he slid soft and small out of her, “and so a wise prince should establish himself on that which is in his own control,” she pushed him off of her, “and not in that of others.” She sat up, and twitched her skirts to the floor. “He must endeavor only to avoid hatred.” She pushed her breasts back into her bodice.
Her hair was wild tangled. The braids in disarray and pearls scattered across the floor, but her face was composed, her dress somehow looked as tidy as when they began. Her cuts and scratches healed before his eyes.
He stared at her, drained, half naked, his feet dangling down to the cold floor, “Who are you? What are you?”
Obsidian smiled and said, “She is the virgin and so I must be the whore.” She looked out the window and said, “And now I think you should get up and get dressed.” She straightened the top of her bodice, “Maybe later, we can begin again. I don’t believe that one took.”
She smiled at him. “I’ll be in the library, getting fresh reading material.” She swept from the room in a rustle of prim skirts.
Michael fell back into the pillows. Then he got up.
He was her creature and she his mistress.
If only he had the slightest clue what was going on.
Itz --- Le Havre --- Katun
Itz stared at the bay and the channel beyond. They’d made their way up the rivers and come to the sea. Rain drenched down. Wind howled. Henri said, “How are we getting to England?”
Itz smiled sourly. Itz needed to know that this Queen Obsidian was just a sorceress, and not ... Itz needed to know.
Steal a ship. She didn’t know how to sail. Magic. She had none. She hadn’t served that kind of God. Threaten. There were no threats great enough. Logic. Logic was no part of this.
Although, perhaps, logic pointed the way. She sent up her angry prayer that whatever God thought to plague her would have to deal with the sea first.
Henri pulled his hand free. Where was he going now? He struggled forward in the wind and held onto a dock piling. He was saying something, but the gale carried his words away.
She looked over the side of the dock. There was an old fish-woman swimming in the rising and falling swells. A daughter of the first sun. She blinked cold white eyes at Itz. Chattered meaningless words.
It didn’t matter. She hadn’t been talking to Itz.
Other faces bobbed up and down out of the water. One of them pulled a rope, drawing a shallow longboat toward the dock.
Itz clutched the piling against the wind. “It seems the fish are casting lines up onto land.”
Henri grinned up at her. “They’re here to help us.”
Logic should point out that mer didn't help people. They crashed ships, and drowned sailors. Itz stared at the fish-woman. The fish-woman stared at Itz. Blinked multiple lids in a kind, wrinkled face. Flat sagging breasts and gills. The mark of Tezcatlipoca, the smoking mirror, on her forehead. The woman patted the side of the boat. Chattered. It was the end of the world, and Itz had somewhere to be.
Itz reached down toward the waves. The fish-woman reached up. Slick fingers glanced across the skin of her wrist. A wet touch washed away in seconds by the rain. She smiled briefly. “You’re right. They are my answer.”
Itz hoped she was doing the right thing. 
She helped Henri down into the boat, steadied by a dozen pale hands. Climbed in and held on.
The boat slipped away from the docks. Shot across the water. Practically skipped over the tops of waves, as the first sun’s children pushed and pulled on the boat. It was amazing. Faster than the strongest wind. Exhilarating.
Itz never ever wanted to do it again. She was really beginning to hate the sea.
Held on to Henri. Tried to shelter him from the splash of water and wind. It felt like days, but she knew it was only hours. Horrible hours shooting across the endless water, until it ended. Slipped into the protective arms of a small bay. Sand ground under the bottom of their little boat, and they stopped moving.
Itz climbed out of the boat on unsteady legs and looked out into the waves. She could only make out the fish-woman, who waved. Said one last sing-song thing and then dived away.
Henri said, “What did she say?” As if Itz spoke fish.
Itz said, “She wished us good luck.” She picked up her bag and said, “We should get you out of this rain, while I see if this miserable excuse of a town has any transport.”
Henri sneezed and picked up his bag.
Guillaume --- The Dales --- Halfway through the journey
Elizabeth smelled like smoke. She’d huddled over the fire each night, and now the smell clung to her clothes and hair.
Guillaume decided that if grief had a smell, this was it. Grief mingling with the scent of warm blood like Christmas pudding and desire. He was a knave-weed scullion, but that didn’t matter right now while he told his Lady ridiculous stories to keep her to a fast walk.
Trailed off as he heard bells ringing in the distance. They were almost to York. The great towers of York Minster peeked over the horizon into the grey afternoon.
His Lady stopped. Closed her eyes and shook her head. She said, “I am a Queen, a Hunter, and a Godly Lady besides. I will not appear half-dressed, bedraggled with a single escort.” She looked at Guillaume and said, “You will help us dress.”
“What?” He danced Sparkita around to face her.
“You will help Us to dress.” Definitely a royal Us. She said, “I cannot appear before my people looking as I do.” She looked so fierce and alive. He could not give her words of no.
She swung down from her horse and pulled a dress from her saddle bag.
The dress was wrinkled, but shiny. It’d do His Lady good to put something new on. Something that didn’t smell of smoke.
She undressed herself. Quick economical movements. Until she stood there bare as a jay. Didn’t even see him. His Lady who didn’t fight without a chaperone. So lost in smoke she didn’t even seem to realize what she was doing. She slipped a fresh under-dress over her head and laced up her corset. Then she braced herself against a sad little tree and said, “Pull.”
Guillaume stared at the mass of cords. He hadn’t had much call to so much as look at a corset, beyond the year he’d guarded a whorehouse in Venice, and that had been at least fifty years ago.
He picked at two likely enough looking strings. Pulled. Listened to her exhale. His Lady was putting on her cage of vexations. Strange armor.
She said, “Tighter.”
He spread his left hand across her lower back; like this she seemed so small and fragile. The demon worm turned in his heart, whispered for blood, but he told it to shut up. It was a churlish apple-john. He slipped his fingers inside the corset, into the space above her hips. He felt large and clumsy. He tugged at the cords of her corset. Pulled the edges together. She exhaled.
The tree whispered in the breeze, and she leaned forward into it. He spread his hand across her back. The skin already folded along the spine where the corset compressed. His index finger slipped into a fold of flesh. He swallowed. He felt the heat of her body radiate through the thin fabric. He pulled on the cords. Listened as her heartbeat steadied.
She said, “Tighter. I would be Spanish slender.” She leaned forward.
He decided that God existed and had a sense of humor. He tightened until the corset edges met in the back and there was no opening for churlish apple-johns into her heart.
She stepped away from the tree. Looked even to have a figure now. She smelled incredible. Musky and soft. He leaned forward and inhaled. There was smoke ingrained in her skin.
She handed him her dress, and he dropped it over her head. He laced the ribbons tight up her sleeves and tied bows like in a horse’s mane. Then he helped her climb onto her horse and ride into her city.
The head guard quickly saluted her and sent men ahead. “The Queen, the Queen.” He could see it settling down her body. The Queen.
She sat up straight in her saddle and waved to her people. They cheered.
An old woman called out, “We feared that you were dead, Your Majesty.”
Elizabeth yelled, “As you see, it is not so. Be of good heart, my people.” Waved and cantered and made her way to her tower.
At the front gate, there was a cart piled high with dried roses. Blanche was standing there, white-faced at the empty horses trailing them.
Elizabeth nodded at Blanche and looked blankly at her cart of flowers. Well she should. More roses than Guillaume had ever seen, unless you counted that bramblewood with the sleeping princess. Poor thing had grown old while asleep. She’d cried when he’d broken the spell. Ages ago now.
Guillaume dismounted and picked his way forward through the milling men. He pulled out a dried blossom to feed to Sparkita.
“Your Majesty!” Elizabeth’s man, Cecil, rushed toward her.
Elizabeth said, “The Nephilim are dead. We killed them. I think. Maybe.” She glared off a waiting servant and dismounted on her own. Good for her. She said in a low voice, “Kat’s dead. Sir Reginald, too. She, they... ” Pulled herself together, looked Cecil in the eye. “They died to save Us.”
Guillaume looked away. Some small privacy. Fed Sparkita red roses and white.
Cecil let out a long, low sigh. He said, “Your Majesty, we have a problem.”
Elizabeth said through gritted teeth, “Didn’t you hear me, Kat’s dead? You knew her for over twenty years and you look at me cool as you please, and you tell me we have a problem.” She breathed in. Breathed out. “Fine, my Spirit. What is our new problem?”
Cecil said, “Queen Mary, your sister, died in childbirth while you were hunting giants. The cart of flowers arrived from your niece, Queen Obsidian, yesterday. It came with this.” He handed her a piece of vellum.
Guillaume glanced sharply at them. That was the problem with trying not to listen. Sometimes you missed something. Queen Obsidian?
She did not look at the paper. Had her Queen’s mask firmly on her face. She said, “We are now the last of our Father’s children, and our niece sends us flowers in greeting. That hardly qualifies as a problem.”
Cecil said, “Your Majesty, that is a declaration of war for, if you can believe their gall, attempts on Your Majesty’s part to overthrow Queen Mary, the rightful Queen of England and York. It is even said that the White Boar has been sighted on its way to London. The people whisper it means to make her Hunter in your stead.” He stroked his beard, “But even those lies pale in comparison to what I have discovered.” He looked around at the milling listening courtiers. “Your Majesty, I have translated much of the Codex. We need to speak, but not here.”
Guillaume tried not to watch her. Tried to focus on Sparkita munching flowers, and not on Elizabeth’s slumping shoulders. She said, “Blanche, Guillaume, to me.” He gave up trying. His Lady glared at Cecil. “My Demon is a part of this. It seems we both have much to relate.”
Guillaume gave Sparkita to a waiting stableman and followed his Vexatious Lady up the stairs into a room at the top of one of the towers. Guillaume glued himself to a wall to stay out of Her Majesty’s way as she wore a groove in the floor and spat out a description of their late adventures.
Blanche was quiet. Didn’t even pretend to embroider. Just sat there staring at the empty chair next to her.
Finally, Mistress Vexation wound down, stopped in front of Cecil and said, “Now then, since trouble always comes in threes, and if the Nephilim are not the problem, other than our good niece going to war with us, what is the real problem?”
Cecil started to speak.
Guillaume interrupted him. “What niece? Queen Mary didn’t have any children.”
Everyone looked at him like he was the court fool. Elizabeth said, “What are you babbling about? Our sister had a daughter this three and twenty years since. Her marriage to Lord Wyatt was an early attempt on our Father’s part to ensure the succession, while he persuaded himself to what seemed a surer route.” Her eyes glared a hole in him.
Guillaume held her eyes. He’d faced down a basilisk; he wasn’t going to back down from anything less. “I may not have been in England, but I’d have heard if Queen Mary had a grown daughter.”
Elizabeth bristled, fists clenched. “I dislike this line of speech.”
He crossed his arms and held her gaze.
Elizabeth picked up a small clay cup and threw it against the wall. It shattered in a burst of shards.
Guillaume watched her, curious to see how far she’d go. He pointed to the remnants of pottery on the floor. “You’re ready to kill me.” He re-crossed his arms, “What’s normal about this?”
Elizabeth shook her head and looked at the shattered pieces on the floor. Looked if anything angrier.
She turned back to Guillaume to say something, but Cecil, young old man, said, “Your Majesty, as much as it pains me to say this, but what the creature says has some sense.”
“What, do you turn traitor too, Lord Cecil?” gritted Elizabeth.
Guillaume wondered if the collar would let him stop her from doing what she would regret. She had enough regrets.
But Lord Cecil held his hands palm out and said, “Your Majesty, you know that I think this creature and all his ilk foul vermin of the pit of hell. But,” Cecil shared a glance with Lady Blanche, “this is most unlike you. While everything is telling me that Queen Obsidian is your niece and that I should fly at this fiend in a rage, logic tells me that is unlike me as well. And if Your Majesty will let me explain, I think I understand what is causing our behavior.”
Elizabeth flung herself down in a chair with ill grace. “Very well, Lord Cecil. Continue. Do explain.”
Cecil sighed his head and said, “Yes, Your Majesty. Although, before I begin, I am afraid that I must tell you that reports have been coming in from the north and west. Dozens more of the Tzitzimime ... err, Nephilim creatures, have been sighted.”
“Oh,” said Blanche, she pleated the fabric of her skirt with travel rough hands, “but you were hardly able to defeat a handful of Nephilim. What shall we do against more?”
Elizabeth was still in a snit, so Guillaume patted Blanche’s shoulder awkwardly. She gave him a watery look.
Cecil sighed and stroked his beard. He said, “The Nephilim, or more precisely Tzitzimime as they were known to the Mixteca,” his eyes flicked across Guillaume as if he cared what the things were called, “are not the problem. They are just a symptom of the larger issue. They’re merely a sort of scavenger that sucks the living of their life force before the end comes.” Merely, of course, merely.
Cecil tidied a loose folio of paper on the table, “I’ve had some trouble translating the Codex, and I haven’t been sleeping much, and,” he paused and said, “According to the marginalia, the Mixteca,” he held up his hand, as Elizabeth opened her mouth, “New World natives...”
Elizabeth spun her hand in a circle as if to move Cecil along. “Yes, yes. The short version please. When does the world get destroyed? Why is the niece who was born on the same day as myself not my niece?”
Cecil sighed and said, “It’s not a short story, Your Majesty.”
“The short version of the long story then, my Spirit,” said Elizabeth, because clearly that was going to move Cecil to get to the point faster. But at least she seemed to be calming down and less ready to kill them all. Perhaps there was a method to Cecil’s circumnavigation.
Cecil grimaced briefly and said, “Yes, um, where was I. Ah, yes, According to the Codex, the Mixteca believed that there were a series of previous suns or earths. We currently live in the fifth sun. Kali-Yuga. The age of Conflict.” He paused, tapped the pile of papers. “They also believed that in some multiple of fifty-two years, that, and I must apologize, it’s not terribly clear in the Codex, and the handwriting in the margins is simply terrible...” Cecil shook his head.
Elizabeth said, “Breathe, my Spirit, and tell me what happens.”
“The translation seemed to indicate that if the Mixteca sacrificed a holy child.” Cecil cleared his throat. “If they performed something called the New Fire ceremony in honor of the god of the Smoking Mirror, where all the fires in the country were put out and then the sacrifice’s heart was ripped out and a new fire was lit in the body, then something would happen to the world.”
“First of all, that sounds disgusting. Secondly, something?” said Elizabeth. “Could you be more specific?”
Guillaume wondered why they bothered writing prophesies at all if it was always going to be seven seals, lead-headed giants, and rainbows.
“I don’t know.” Cecil shook his head and stroked his beard. “I do know they believed that this sun is destined to be destroyed in earthquakes, volcanic eruptions like the eruption that destroyed Pompeii, only thousands of times more powerful. The world scoured of all living things by these err... Nephilim and some new world created.”
Not one to be distracted by the end of the world, Guillaume said, “And where does Queen Obsidian fit in?”
Cecil looked at Elizabeth, but her Wenchliness seemed fairly calm. He said, “Your Majesty, the Smoking Mirror god, like the stone butterflies, was made of Obsidian. How likely a name is Queen Obsidian? This demon god has cast some sort of a spell over us to make us think that she is your niece, and,” he waved his fingers at Guillaume, “the only one of us who isn’t affected has no reflection.”
“Huh,” Elizabeth ran her fingers along the arm of her chair and seemed in no hurry to kill them all. “Now she gathers an army to face me. Perhaps to complete this New Fire ritual in some way, or merely declare war against me.” She twisted her rings round and round her fingers. “We will need to raise troops.”
“I, err... raised the alarm the moment Your Majesty left,” said Cecil. He shrugged apologetically. “Your Majesty’s last progress made an impression.”
Blanche sighed. “After a trip to Queen Glorianna’s court, Kat said that was going to be absolutely her last Progress. Five Progresses ago.”
Elizabeth seemed to grind to a halt at that. Paused for a long moment. Stared at the table. Then in quick sharp movements, like the way she’d changed clothes a few hours ago, Elizabeth gathered up the folio on the table, “After so much trouble, I would read this Codex for myself.” She looked at Blanche. “Alone. I would be alone for a time in my room.” She held the papers against her chest. “Blanche, I will send for you when I am ready.”
Then she swept from the room. Majestic and Queenly, her heart beating double time. Leaving them to sit and blink at each other.
Guillaume held out a hand to Blanche and said, “While the Queen’s reading, shall we see about her Majesty’s flowers?”
Blanche nodded and took his hand. Cecil opened his mouth, to warn her no doubt, and then closed it, and they went to deal with flowers.
Elizabeth --- York --- Seconds
Elizabeth walked swiftly through her castle. Hot-eyed and silent. Up stairs and through rooms. She clutched the sheaf of papers to her tightly corseted chest.
After an eternity of walking, she was in her rooms. She sent away the page that slept at the foot of the bed. Sent away her suddenly silent whispering women. Sent them all away until she was alone. The first time since the last time. However, she liked to pretend that time never existed. When she was just fourteen and not yet any sort of Hunter or Queen.
Before Kat had spirited her away from her step-mother’s house and her step-mother’s oh-so-friendly new husband and away. To safety with Elizabeth’s cousins in the North.
Her Kat. A sob ratcheted up through her chest but was held in by her corset. She couldn’t breathe.
She dropped the papers to the floor and tried to untie her dress. There were so many knots. They defied her fingers. She clawed at them making so many gordians. Very well, she looked wildly around the room, but her rapier wasn’t there.
It was somewhere tied to her saddlebags below. She couldn’t go back down there. She couldn’t summon her women. She needed to be alone. To be out of this damned dress. She tried to take a breath to calm herself and could not.
Then under Kat’s trundle bed, she saw a small basket for embroidery. She pulled out an embroidery hoop of roses that would never be finished. Touched the red arch of a petal. Traced the spiraling curve of a thorny vine. The thorns didn’t prick her finger. Didn’t put her to sleep like a princess in a fairy tale. She was a Queen, not a princess. She put down the hoop and pulled out Kat’s tiny scissors for cutting embroidery thread.
She whispered, “Thank you,” and cut the ribbons that held her in. Didn’t stop there. Cut the dress off of her. But she was still caged. She couldn’t reach the corset cords in the back. She sliced at one of the seams. Then she hacked at it. Not caring about her skin under the fabric. Cut herself as she cut the corset apart.
Air first seeped and then rushed into her lungs. Then she crawled up onto her bed. Closed the curtains and huddled down under the covers.
Waited for the tears to come, but she’d held them in too long. Lay there and stared dry-eyed at the dark curtains. She knew they were embroidered with her motto and heraldry. They had been her mother’s motto, her mother’s heraldry. Her mother was just a face in a painting. She wasn’t anyone to Elizabeth except a source of gossip.
Elizabeth felt the rings on her fingers. Found the one with its hidden portrait of her mother's face and yanked it off. Shoved aside the curtains and flung it across the room. Fell back into the pillows and waited for her tears. She felt like they were bottled in a hard lump in her chest. Lay there staring at the curtains.
She got out of the bed and looked for her ring. It was under a footstool. She opened it and looked at the miniature paintings of herself as an infant and her mother smiling vaguely at her through tiny paint daubs.
She put the ring back on. Gathered up the scattered papers on the floor. Her Spirit would have a fit if he saw them there. His priceless book.
If she wasn’t going to cry, she might as well read. Climbed into the window seat and looked at the pages.
Swallowed. Cecil was right, the handwriting in the margins was terrible, but she wasn’t reading that. She stared at the brilliant symbols written on the page, wavering into meaning.
She traced them with her fingers.
She read.
About Tezcatlipoca, the Obsidian Mirror, how his every footstep on the earth brought chaos and change. Creative as fire, he made the first sun, only to have it destroyed in a flood by his twin brother, Quetzalcoatl, Lord of Order and Steps. Things in their place and rain in its time. Quetzalcoatl created the second sun, which Tezcatlipoca destroyed in a hurricane. The third sun, Quetzalcoatl destroyed in a wind. The fourth sun, Tezcatlipoca destroyed in a fire. Back and forth, the brothers fought and created and destroyed again.
Elizabeth laughed with little sob at the end. She’d dreamed this so many times. The end of the world. Not the end of this world, but all these previous ones.
Elizabeth stared out the window. Looked past the faint reflections of her own face and into the cloudy afternoon. Rain in its time. Every afternoon from two to three for as long as she’d been Queen here.
She had memories of her niece, Princess Obsidian. What then if she couldn’t believe her own mind?
She went back to the papers. Stared at the picture of Quetzalcoatl, who blew the breezes with a shell that curved delicately on the page. It was the same as the shell in her crest. She traced the image with a finger and for a moment she almost understood the voice of the wind whispering at the window. It had been whispering to her for weeks now. Faint words that she was finally beginning to understand.
She had dreamed that she was Quetzalcoatl, who used the shell when he summoned the black butterflies, souls of the dead, to fight the Nephilim-Tzitzimime, the creatures that lived behind the stars. She looked at the pictures and recognized them, too. The Nephilim-Tzitzimime. For a moment, a memory that she’d never had shifted in her mind, and she knew how she would call the dead to devour them. For a moment, and then it was gone.
Didn’t know what she should believe any more. If her niece was not her niece. If her memory was not her memory. If Sir Reginald and the others had died to protect her from something she almost knew how to control. If she could have saved them all.
God.
She found she could cry after all. Leaned her head back and let the tears roll down her face like a summer storm, but there was no Kat to comfort her. To joke and jest and tell her the world would be all right.
She leaned her forehead against the window and cried until there were no more tears, as outside the window, the rain at last broke from the sky to fall.
Lucretia --- London --- After Afterlife
Lucretia cried frozen tears on the outside, but that was just the sleet. Her almost lover had taken her tears and given her an empty hungry hollow inside. He was still a jerk. She wasn’t sure what that made the mirror lady.
She cradled the Jewel of the Wind, sea shell by the seashore in her hands. She cried dry tears for her Papa to come and brush back her hair. To tell her which road to take.
But he wouldn’t. Couldn’t.
She’d been walking forever of raining days and sleety nights and streets. Icy streets and mud. And blood.
She ate a rat. Or a cat. Or an eel. Drank the blood down. Gulp. Gulp. Swam its thoughts in her head and churn. Definitely an eel. Or a child and she didn’t know. Maybe that was tomorrow. The demon in her heart was already sleeping. Becoming maybe. If she could just figure out which way to get there.
She clutched her head and sat down in a puddle. She rocked her head against the wall and screamed. A shadowy man came and said something to her in rhymes.
She ran away. Ran through the streets. Ran out of the city, into empty fields. It was cold. She peeled back the skin of time and went back to when it wasn’t. No Papa to worry at all. She went back to when the light of the moon made a night rainbow against soft mist.
Lucretia’s feet were bare. Cold. Numb. This was dead. She wished she knew where her shoes were.
She ran towards the rainbow. She didn’t follow a path. She followed the road of the moon on a stream.
Her feet splish-splashed in the cold water. Her feet found their way.
Lucretia had been running for so long. Walking and running and waiting. Dreaming. She wanted to sleep.
In the distance, she imagined that she heard a wolf howl, a lonely mournful cry. She imagined that a pack of wolves slavered at her heels, surrounding her path. She was so tired and alone, she couldn’t not. She didn’t care anymore.
An old red-brown wolf, his fur scattered with silver, snarled from a rotten tree branch, the moonlight shone on the curve of his teeth. Heat steaming the air with his breath. The others slunk around her in the brush; they thought she could not see them, but she could. They were waiting for the red-brown wolf to spring.
Lucretia lay on her back with her belly up, and she waited. She whined. The red-brown wolf growled into her belly. Then he licked her face. His breath was hot and full of life. Steady and old. In his head, now was the only thing that was important. This moment. He’d been looking for her for such a long time. They all had.
Lucretia said, “I’m hungry.”
The red-brown wolf’s ears pricked forward and turned his head, Lucretia smelled it, from upstream, the breeze carried a scent. She nodded and she knew. She smiled with her newly sharp teeth.
They slipped through the woods. Her bare feet knew where to fall, not disturbing a drop of water with her passage. She ran up the moon’s path.
A doe drank water by the pool. She was old. The other deer had drunk their fill. They were nibbling the leaves of a sweet tree. Not that any of them heard Lucretia as she came. She whispered, “Forgive me.” Then she wrapped herself around the old doe and dragged her to the ground, as the other deer scattered to the night.
Her teeth were too small to pierce its hide, so she snapped its neck. She held it in her arms and waited.
The red-brown wolf didn’t have the same problem. She offered him her kill. They fell on it.
When they were done, she drank what remained of its blood. Drank soft and startle and run into herself. But she already had those, so it was all right. But even better, she drank the knowledge of now. There was no yesterday. No tomorrow. Only this moment.
Lucretia said, “I don’t know where I’m going yet. I need to think, but I think you make me clearer.” She offered the red-brown wolf her belly. “Can I stay awhile?”
The red-brown wolf licked her face clean of blood. He circled her once and tugged at her dress for her to follow him.
The moon was setting. She followed him. She went to their cave to sleep the day away. The red-brown wolf curled around her. Grey wolves and brown wolves and everyone thinking about now.
It felt good, and for the first time in a very long time, Lucretia slept without dreaming.
Chapter 8: I Freeze and Yet Am Burned
Elizabeth --- York --- In Session
On Monday, Elizabeth did not read the Codex. She did not give it back to Cecil. She did not tell him about Quetzalcoatl and Tezcatlipoca. What was there to tell? She hardly understood it herself.
On Tuesday, she rode out in front of her assembled troops. She rode a unicorn to silence the whispers, but they wouldn’t be silenced. Whispers never could. Not with her Demon trailing behind in a soiled jerkin.
She gave a speech. It must have been good. The people cheered. Her head hurt.
On Tuesday, she dreamed of flying. Elizabeth did not read the Codex. She woke to the wind’s whispers about Tzitzimime, of Nephillim, of Angels falling from the sky. The wind told her how they crept into villages and left all broken in their wake. About distant mountains spewing fire into the sky. About earthquakes and tidal waves and lost souls. She listened to the wind and went to argue funds from her Exchequer. She must have been persuasive because they once again agreed to cover this year’s bizarre request. She felt tired. She was only twenty-three, and she was tired. Always an Apocalypse. Always the world coming to an end. Sad tired world.
So she had new clothes made. Not for herself, although she did get a new cap. Clothes for her Demon. A stained jerkin would not do. Blanche trailed quietly behind as Elizabeth gave her orders to the seamstress.
Guillaume said, “I can’t wear that!” Elizabeth could imagine Kat laughing, because her Demon could and he would. She dressed him as a Crusader, as a Templar. If there were to be whispers about him, about them, she’d have her court remember that once upon a time, he’d quested for the Phoenix egg. For the Ark of the Covenant. For the apples of the Hesperides. That he’d been the Goodly Knight once. Again.
On Wednesday, she dreamed of pushing the rain across the sky. In the morning, when the first light pearled the horizon, she decided enough was enough and lit a candle while Blanche snored from her trundle bed. Elizabeth opened the Codex, and she read. Some words still made no sense. Squiggles of ink and images of blood. But she understood enough.
She read about how Quetzalcoatl longed for music, so Tezcatlipoca tricked the highest sky into dropping its musicians into the hands of the wind. She read about Quetzalcoatl creating men from ash and bones and his own blood. She read about the Nitzime, sacred to the gods, neither alive nor dead. Creatures with no reflection that lived on blood and memories. Of how the Mixteca had given the best to feed them. And every fifty-two years sacrificed a Nitzime to keep the world alive.
She turned back to the story about music. She preferred it. She was tired of sacrifice. But then Blanche woke up, and the sun rose behind the clouds, and Elizabeth went to speak to the militia captains assembled from mountains and moors to fight someone who probably shouldn’t exist. Elizabeth said something about the demons that her niece had summoned to fight against them. Or something.
Elizabeth must have been eloquent. They cheered. She felt hollow. Like a bell with no clapper. She would have wondered where the music had gone, but she knew that she’d buried it along a Roman wall.
Which was a foolish fancy. She shouldn’t give time to foolish fancies. Not with her Demon walking behind her with a Nephilim head on a pike. The militia captains were most impressed. Her Demon looked seven feet tall in his white Templar’s cote with its blood-red cross. The Nephilim head smelled of apples and looked like a creature from nightmares.
She might not have a standing army, but she had a woman’s wit to drive men forward.
On Thursday, she sat in her window. She almost knew how to roll the clouds back. Almost. It was on the tip of her tongue.
It was disconcerting, but Elizabeth was determined to not be disconcerted. No matter what.
As far as she was concerned, there was but one God, and she was not it. This was merely, well, it was merely like having red hair or blue eyes or being chosen to be the Hunter Queen.
Guillaume had said that her eyes had been black once. Elizabeth wondered why she’d been chosen by the White Boar as the Hunter at all. First woman in a thousand years.
She pressed her forehead against the cool window and shivered.
“Your Majesty,” Blanche hovered in the doorway, “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” said Elizabeth. She put aside the end of the world in looping ink and images. Went to have a smile painted on her face. White lead makeup, rouge roses for her cheeks. A painful plucking for her brows.
She dressed as herself. The Queen, the Hunter, and a Godly Lady besides. White samite in stiff precise folds and the Steel Crown. The crown that the Hunter Kings, and one Queen, wore to battle.
She stood in the doorway to her throne room and watched the room kneel.
As she swept by, Elizabeth glanced at the spot where Sir Reginald had always stood. Now a vacant space by the wall. She didn’t look at the empty seat that Kat had always taken.
Tonight of all nights, she must glow. She must illuminate the room with her light. Even if everything else was falling apart. For tomorrow they rode to war.
The room smelled like apples and sweat. She did her tour of duty around the perimeter. Brushed past the two stone butterflies from the moor, strung in a wire frame in front of a candle for the enjoyment of her court.
The Queen’s drawing stretched out in its frame was popular. It was surrounded by murmuring militia captains.
In Elizabeth’s experience, most people didn’t notice subtle. She never bothered.
She nodded regally, how else, at grim Puritans who disapproved of the cut of her fabric. Wooly Scots with their bonny knees and woolen kilts. Leather boiled militia, hayseed in their ears. Silken lords and ladies.
Her eyes caught her good Demon in a corner. Cross-armed against the wall. He tried to hide in a shadow with little luck.
Looked away.
Whispers swirled as she danced a gavotte with Merriweather. He was subdued in his compliments. More by rote than by wit. As all her suitors were.
She danced around her party, her fete. She would show who was Queen here.
She was regaling the French Ambassador when she heard Merriweather’s nephew, young James, raise his piping voice. “Were you really a Templar?” She turned to look. Guillaume towered over the boy. James should have been serving guests, but who could blame the child for peering at a legend.
Her Demon said, “Yes.” Stood there holding up his piece of wall. The French Ambassador cleared his throat. Elizabeth raised her plucked eyebrows at him.
She heard James say, “I heard Templars ate babies.”
Elizabeth stifled a laugh and discarded the French Ambassador and went closer.
Guillaume said, “No.” He re-crossed his arms. Looked at Elizabeth over the child.
“You’re a vampire.” The boy glared up at Guillaume.
“Yes,” said Guillaume. He looked like he wished he could melt back into the wall rather than be here. Which was just his cross to bear. If she had to be magnificent, then he could stand and look grim.
James pointed at a stone butterfly in its frame. “The Queen saved my life from those butterfly things, and my uncle’s going to marry the Queen, and you should leave her alone.”
“Really,” said Elizabeth. “And when are these festivities to be held?”
“James!” Lord Merriweather swooped in from wherever and grabbed his nephew by one shoulder. Lord Merriweather laughed feebly. “You know children.”
“Not particularly,” said Elizabeth. “Nor is it my intention to know them any better.”
Lord Merriweather dragged his nephew off to less socially embarrassing climes.
Elizabeth shook her head and smiled at her court. Watch. She’d spin them all around.
She clapped her hands and called out, “A galliard.” She held out a hand to Guillaume by his wall. “Come, my Demon. Do not be so standoffish. Kindly dance the galliard so that my court can see you more properly.”
Guillaume stepped away from his shadow and wall. At least a full head above all but Sir Christian, and there was a metaphor in that somewhere.
Guillaume said, “I do not know it.”
She heard a drunken voice slur. “Seems Your Majesty found a use for my gift after all.” The Margrave Sigismund clutched a goblet of ale while his companions stood behind him looking terrified. He said, “Seems he’s good for taking all sorts of castles. Or did you take him? Is that what gets you hot for it? Dead men?”
He squeaked as Guillaume put a hand on his shoulder. The Margrave spilled his ale down his doublet.
Elizabeth shook her head slightly at Guillaume. “You say to my face what the rest of my court says behind their hand. Which makes you foolish or brave. I would guess the fool.” She smiled at him. Waited until his friends pulled him from the room.
Then she turned to her court. Held the eyes of her glittering and gossiping folk.
She smiled as true and luminous a smile as lead paint could give. “There are two separate issues here. The war,” she gestured at the head on the pike, “and the desire of some among you wishing to confront me for Our Lost Virtue.” She paced forward, past her Demon, into the middle of the room. “Not for any act of mine, but for circumstance rendered in the pursuit of my duty that has cost me far dearer.”
She didn’t look where Blanche sat by solitary self. She looked at them. Her people. They would be her people. They must.
“I say that I have oppressed no one, nor enriched any to another’s harm. Caused no turmoil, but rather soothed it with oil.” She turned slowly to hold each eye, “I am tried by envy itself. I need not use many words, for my deeds do try me.” Then she did look at Blanche in her new lonely seat by the wall. Let her people see how hollow she felt. The Queen could have no private grief. So be it. Let the Argus eyes see. “Though you have had, and may have, many princes more mighty and wise sitting in that throne,” she smiled with all that was in her hollowed heart, “yet you never had, nor shall have, any that will be more careful or loving.”
Then she gave the crowd the wink, the play’s the thing, and turned back to the minstrels’ gallery. “I called for a galliard. We would dance to give mock to fortune.”
Then she showed her Demon how to dance a galliard. Leaped towards her painted sky. Spun her court around.
Because she was the Queen here, and they would all dance to her tune. It was the only way to keep the whole mess moving.
Obsidian --- York --- Managing time
Obsidian couldn’t sleep. There wasn’t a pea under her mattress. Nor did she sob broken-hearted for a lost love. She had always been the one to break hearts.
Although the other half to herself was distant and far away. Never gave her a second thought.
Obsidian turned in her soft bed and looked at the dark window. She could hear the wind babbling against the glass panes. It always had been overly talkative. Never one to keep secrets.
The White Boar had reached London.
Obsidian slipped out of bed. Bare feet on the thin carpet. She could feel the cold stone floor beneath it. A cold that burned up into her bones. She felt tired and old.
She’d spent the afternoon sporting with her lover. He’d spread her thin over her throne. Drank all the answers she’d ever give and fell asleep with his head in her lap. She’d left him there.
He’d wake full of questions. He was a thirsty one, her Angel. Her breasts ached from suckling him. She cupped them. They were already beginning to change, as her body shifted into what it was to become.
Obsidian walked to her mirror. Watched the reflection of the White Boar as he trotted down the black muck road.
She stepped into the mirror. The stone gave way like flesh before a lover’s touch. She slid like smoke through the reflective spaces. Until she stood at the muddy crossroads in the heart of the City.
She watched the White Boar run towards her. Stood still until she could see the ruby red of his eyes. The golden wires that twisted out of his snout.
He charged her, pounded the earth in his rush to gore her and rip out her heart. She stepped away. He turned and ran again. She stepped aside. He ran at her, until his chest pounded like a bellows. He stared at her.
She stared back at him.
He snuffled that she was not his Hunter and she should leave now.
Obsidian knelt down in front of him. Looked deep into his burning red eyes with her black ones to indicate that was not going to happen.
He pissed a long stream onto the icy ground. It steamed and stank.
She brushed her fingers along one of his yellowed tusks. The one that was chipped from where he’d gored the Red Lung Dragon. The scarred flesh on his ribs shuddered as if from flies.
There were no flies in this cold.
She grasped his other tusk, the one that was slightly curved at the end. Held him there as she gazed into him. Let him know with her two hands that he couldn’t take his blessing back from just one of them. It was all or nothing. If Elizabeth was his Hunter, then so was Obsidian. It was not as if he didn’t have power to spare for a hundred Hunters. So many lives, so many bones in his bed.
He snorted and would have jerked away. But she would not let him. Could not let him. She couldn’t let anything stand in the way of what she was going to do.
So she kissed him. This kiss wasn’t like with her lover. That was tongues and teeth and consummations devoutly to be wished.
This was simply devout.
The last of the avatars. The last remnant of the fourth sun that had long since ceased to shed its tired rays.
She kissed him softly as a rose. When she stood up, she was alone at the crossroads. The White Boar had made his choice by coming here.
She felt old and tired. Fat like she’d overeaten at a meal. The White Boar was a large dish for anyone. Even a god. Even the un-sister of the god who had made him long ago and far away.
She turned around thrice in her crossroads to stand in her room again. She crawled into her bed to get some sleep.
Michael -- London Tower --- Thor’s Day
Michael vomited weakly onto the thick straw lining the floor. He gripped the side of the rack with one hand and looked up at the prisoner strung out like a naked side of beef. Should have been a pretty sight.
He’d woken cocksore and alone on the floor of the throne room.
He’d decided to show Obsidian that he could do anything he wanted. He didn’t need her for his fun.
He’d gone to the prison to grab the prettiest whatever he could find. He’d have sent one of the guards, but he could hardly find anyone, and what he could find was useless. Hell, Hal had been painting a mural on the wall of the empty guardroom. Pretty painting, but that wasn’t the point. Point was Hal had hardly looked at Michael when he came in. Just kept painting.
The point was, Michael’d gone to the prison and found it empty. Gates swung wide open and the guards’ throats slit ear to ear on the ground.
He climbed the empty curving stairs. From the Library, there were gasps. Short sharp ugly words thrust through lines of poetry. Then groans and the sound of flesh smacked against flesh. He’d come-hithered one of the pile of naked under the table.
So here he was, a vampire in a dungeon with a naked woman stretched out on the rack, ripe and easy to drink. She was some lord’s wife or daughter. Pretty enough. Big breasts bobbed as she watched him vomit her blood on the floor.
“Are you all right?” She slipped her left hand out of a strap and unbuckled her right hand and legs. Swung her legs over the side of the rack. “Is there something wrong?”
He spat the last of her blood from his mouth. “Yeah, you diseased bitch. Your blood’s tainted.”
She jumped down off the rack and stood there naked. Should have been pretty as you please. She said, “What a waste of time.” She laughed at him, and he should have cared. “I’m going back to the library.” He should leap up and kill her. Punish for her laughing at him. But standing was a problem.
Michael rested his forehead against the side of the rack. Pounded it gently against the wood. Why was this sort of thing always happening to him?
Something was very wrong with him. He could feel it on the inside. There was a lump where his demon should be. It should be moving around. Whispering filthy dirty wonderful things to him.
He should be able to drink anyone’s blood. He should feel like a dead man; instead he tingled. He could feel her blood inside him. As it changed him. He wanted to know what that meant.
Obsidian was going to answer his questions for once.
He pushed himself up and walked through the halls and winding stairs. He skirted across the yard and into the palace. Into the ballroom. It was full of people. Talking.
A thin old stick of a man sat in the window seat where Michael and Obsidian had rutted. Weren’t many places left where they hadn’t rutted.
The stick yelled, “Cornwall has fallen into chaos! The tin miners are in rebellion! Devon is beset with monsters!” He waved his stick arms at the other dried-up courtiers. “Queen Elizabeth has set these creatures on us. They are draining the life from whole villages.” He shook his head. “I myself saw what they did to the city of Portsmouth.”
Michael grabbed the man by his shoulder. “What about Portsmouth?”
The stick nodded stupidly. “Every man and woman dead. The very houses were torn apart and emptied.”
Michael felt—he wasn’t sure what he felt. He had expected to outlive everyone he’d known, but he’d always thought he’d be over twenty when it happened.
He could hardly think. His prating prat of a father was dead. Michael had expected to go home and kill him one day. Like in stories. Little Jane, his sister, was dead. Michael hadn’t expected to feel like he’d been kicked in the chest. But the demon inside didn’t stir.
He shoved the stick back and kept looking for Obsidian.
He found a group in the armory plotting to overthrow the Queen and start a society of Philosopher Kings. They hardly noticed him when he came into the room. Michael hit one of them on the head. The man fell to the ground with a thud but kept talking about caves and seeing in the light of the sun. Michael left him there.
A priest was in the chapel at prayers. His hands were covered in blood. Wasn’t his. He looked sharply at Michael. “Blood washes away sin. Did you know that, vampire?”
Michael shook his head. “You’re all crazy,” he said, and he knew it was true. Which made him what, the one sane one left. That was a scary thought.
She wasn’t in the library. The poetry pile groaned at it again. He looked through the books briefly. Threw each in turn on the floor. None of them said anything useful. Though he found himself holding a red copy of The Prince. He threw it against the whitewashed wall. He’d pounded Obsidian into that white wall. His head was pounding.
He thought about going into the City, but that wouldn’t get his questions answered. He didn’t know who to ask or what. He kept looking.
In the kitchen, a body lay crumpled on the floor. A wide-eyed woman stood over it holding a meat cleaver. She yelled, “I’m the Queen of the kitchen!” Michael left, it wasn’t his problem. Found a chambermaid drawing plans on a wall to use the pumps from the front fountain, now frozen, to push heated water from the kitchen to the upstairs rooms. He almost told her not to go into the kitchen, but didn’t. He kept looking.
He finally found Obsidian asleep on her bed. Still and beautiful.
He stared down at her. Watched her breathe. Kissed her softly, but she didn’t wake up. He whispered, “What is going on?” She murmured in her sleep. He swallowed. Blew softly into her ear, which she always liked, and asked, “Who are you?”
She stretched sleepily. He should have kept asking, but he could hear the pounding of her heart, and like always, he gave in to what he wanted, which wasn’t really what he wanted at all. Which meant there really weren’t any sane ones left. Only the crazy people.
Lucretia --- Somewhere --- Some when
Lucretia hunted deer with the wolves. Rabbits. Elk. Dwarf elephants. It was a good life. She could stay here forever. In the moment, that was always right now, with no future.
Sometimes the red-brown wolf stared at her with narrow yellow eyes. He’d push rocks toward her, but she didn’t know what he wanted. She didn’t really want to ask.
She wanted to stay surrounded by wolves curled together for warmth, plump on the prey she’d killed. She felt good. Calm in the middle.
One day, after many nights, she reached inside, and she closed the windows to the future and the past and the present. She hadn’t realized that they could close.
She felt warm. Full of blood and covered in sleeping wolves. She scratched the grey wolf behind an ear. She rumbled in her sleep.
Lucretia thought about what she knew. Somewhen, the world was dying.
She’d been sending dreams forever to the people who needed to dream them. For the first time, she felt warm enough to understand why. The mirror woman and the fire-headed lady were going to fight. They were sisters and that’s what sisters did. Pull each other’s hair and crack the sun.
Lucretia just wasn’t sure what she wanted to happen. Wasn’t even sure how a person decided what they wanted. She never really had.
She lay in a the warm wolf pile and rested her cheek on soft red-brown fur. The old red-brown wolf turned his head and looked at her. He wuffed and licked her cheek. Warm and rasping. He wanted something.
She could tell. But she couldn’t understand what. He nudged at her with his nose. She said, “But I don’t want to leave.” The red-brown wolf sighed and got out of the pile. His steps stiff, he wasn’t a young wolf.
The red-brown wolf stared at her.
She hugged the red-brown wolf. He circled three times and curled next to her. Warm and steady and sure.
It was time.
Inside, she went to the window of the future. Opened the shutters, but not the window. That way she could see out, but not get drafty inside.
She looked for the end. It was easy to find. Just looked for the part where the earth cracked like an egg and the yoke went plop on the pan, then traced back.
Sighed. Lucretia slipped from the pile. The red-brown wolf watched her as she left. The grey wolf whined in her sleep and then was quiet. Already far away and when.
Lucretia walked to when she was going.
Elizabeth --- On the Road --- Day and Night
There were red and white rose knights battling in the muddy field in front of them. Elizabeth reined in Gallant, her unicorn. He snapped at her. He wanted to run headlong and toss chariots. She’d have none of that and reined him in.
Knights were a mere nuisance.
Two days ago, Elizabeth had seen her father. A handsome young man riding with laughing friends. He’d ridden through her army like it wasn’t there and asked her for directions to York. He was going to joust at the Field of the Cloth of Gold with King Edward, King Francois and Emperor Charles.
He’d flirted with her and asked her if she was a Fairy Queen. Heart pounding, she’d looked at her beautiful young father and said, “No.” Everyone had stood frozen until her Demon, shining in his new armor and hidden beneath his feathered helm, rode to the front of the group and told them the way to go.
Her father had ridden off, and Elizabeth hadn’t turned to see how far she could see them before they disappeared into the past.
A week ago, her army had skirted around a vast field steaming with glittering yellow and orange sulfur seeping from the earth. Bones, animal and human, lay scattered on the shore of what had once been a lake. York was dying. She didn’t need the wind to whisper it in her ears. Though it did. Told her about Tzitzimime and earthquakes. Rivers that burned and invisible ethers that killed. Cracks forming in the fragile skin of the world. It had never seemed fragile, but it was.
They told her don’t go this way, go that way. Told her to left and right and east and west.
She felt her generals’ eyes on her. Heard the gossip amongst her troops. The breezes were good for that, too. So she smiled fiercely and repeated back their own words until everyone wondered at it.
But the wind hadn’t mentioned knights. This was not even Albion Hill, just a reed marsh, and yet there was young Edward of York under a crude banner of a white boar. There was Henry Tewdr with his red hair.
Elizabeth sighed and ordered the troops the long way around.
That wasn’t her fight.
Itz --- London, England --- 8 Bells
They didn’t linger at the Papal embassy other than to change clothes. It was an empty building anyway.
They went straight to the palace. Itz heard the echo of Queen Catherine’s voice telling her that she was late as they rolled their rented carriage down empty, yellow snow streets.
At the palace, they wandered until they found the throne room.
Itz had thought Rome sophisticated, but this was something more out of a story of ancient Rome. Out of fevered imagination.
Her eyes searched for King Felipe. Puffed up, and glazed, as she imagined him to be. However, she did not see him in the mass of courtiers that swilled beer and devoured food and each other. They smelled of sex and sweat and vomit.
Then she smelled the scent that lay beneath. Like the memory of a dream. Vanilla and smoke. The indefinable smell of a god that walked the earth. A demon, she reminded herself. An unclean lying thing.
Henri asked, “Itz, what is it?” She realized that she was gripping his shoulder.
She said, “The end of the journey.” She smiled lightly. “Let’s go find this Queen Obsidian.”
She pushed aside a fat courtier, the seams of his clothes strained to hold him in, and tipped over a mass of very enthusiastic gentlemen and ladies. Dug a path through the groaning velvet and sighing silk. Until at last they stood before the throne.
Itz stopped and stared at the tall woman in the golden chair. Her hair parted simply under a golden crown. Her skin dark as bloodied bronze. Her curving lips as red as the last drop of blood pumped from a living heart. Her eyes black as the dark at the center of the earth where no light shines. Queen Obsidian.
Itz was surrounded by the crowd and their clacking teeth and sucking cries.
There was no one else in the room, except Obsidian.
Obsidian stood up and stepped forward. Itz pulled back to avoid her outstretched hand, clumsily bumping into some soft stranger. Itz stared at her. Couldn’t look away.
Henri tugged at Itz’s arm. “Itz, what is it?”
Itz blinked at Henri, her height in heels now.
Obsidian dropped her hand. “Yes, Mistress Itz, what is it?”
Itz and forced a smile on to the mask of her face. “Your Majesty, this is most unexpected.”
Obsidian arched one raven’s-wing eyebrow. “I don’t see how.” She stepped forward, but did not touch Itz. “I’ve been awaiting your arrival with,” Obsidian lowered her fan of lashes, “anticipation.”
Itz felt Henri tugging on her hand. Made herself pretend everything was normal. That they hadn’t arrived on the hands of the fish people. Let Obsidian make the first move.
Itz said, “I have come to present Legate Valois to Your Majesty with the compliments of His Holiness, and to recall Legate Pole on charges of heresy.”
“Hmm,” said Obsidian, “Heresy, you say. The good Legate is already before a higher judge than I. He was tragically sacrificed during a riot.” Her lips curved back.
“King Felipe, then. I have greetings for him as well,” said Itz. She stared straight ahead.
Obsidian said, “I’m sure you would, but His Majesty is off fighting a war on our behalf with our un-sister Elizabeth.”
“Ah,” said Itz. A shadow fell across her. Some undead pet was looming over her, fairly blazing with questions. Itz narrowed her eyes; his eyes did not have just a hint of demon. They burned red in his pale face. Someone had been drinking something he shouldn’t. She wondered if he knew what he had consumed and what it meant.
Obsidian brushed her hand against her pet’s cheek and stroked them both with her eyes, and said, “This is our dear servant Michael, who our not-father was good enough to give to us for our use.”
Itz said, “I had expected to see quite another undead servant.” Had been anticipating it.
“Ah yes, poor, poor Alvarado.” Obsidian tapped the side of her mouth with a finger, “A messenger from the Holy Roman Emperor came asking for relief from King Felipe in the siege of Vienna. We convinced His Majesty to send Alvarado to the Holy Roman Emperor’s aid. By now, I imagine Alvarado is sliding his way down a very large wooden spike. Courtesy of the Turk.”
Itz said, “Good,” and then remembered. She did not want Obsidian’s gifts. They were too late and too little. Itz would not be moved.
Obsidian said, “But we are neglecting our new Legate. Your Eminence.” Obsidian knelt down and took Henri’s hand. Itz wanted to pull him back. Yank him away, but she merely stood there and watched while Obsidian kissed the ring on Henri’s finger. “Would you bless me?”
Henri looked up at Itz and mumbled something that might have been a blessing. Then he wiped his hand on his robe. Not exactly subtle, but for a moment, Itz felt better.
Obsidian laughed and rustled to her feet. “Mistress Itz, We would speak with you privately, outside of the press of court.”
Itz wrapped her arm around Henri, so small and warm. She said, “Of course, Your Majesty.” She curtsied and pulled Henri back into the crowd, not at all like a retreat.
Henri asked, “What’s going on?” He stumbled as she pulled him. “Were you right? Is she some sort of demon?”
She said, “No, she’s not a sorceress or a demon. She’s a God of sorcery and crossroads. Things that are out of season.” She somewhat more gently pulled Henri towards the door. “I’ll explain later.” He was really far too young to be exposed to this sort of place, and for a moment Itz felt too young as well.
Guillaume --- On the road --- Night and Day
Each day, Her Majesty rode with her troops on a white unicorn, emphasizing her point with a good deal of forced jesting and laughter. He didn’t envy her. Unicorns made unruly mounts, what with trying to impale every unworthy cankered whoreson around them.
Flags snapping valiantly in the wind. The White Boar of York and Scotland. The Queen’s Hawk perched on a shell. The shell was picked out in gold. The Hawk's eyes picked out in crimson thread. He liked to imagine that the Hawk had a wicked eye. Blanche told him that Kat had sewn it herself when Elizabeth became Queen. He liked that.
At nightfall, they made camp. This time the Queen retired to no mean small tent. This was meant to impress. A pavilion was pulled out of some cart and thrown up as a moveable palace. Flags flew and carpets lay that Her Majesty might be at her ease and in her element. Bantered with surly Lords and glittered them to her will.
Every night, Guillaume stood against a tent wall and full of a cup of awkward. The demon in his heart wanted to rip out hearts and howl at the hidden moon. It wanted what it always wanted, the soft rich blood pounding in Elizabeth’s veins.
That was awkward, too. He was a churlish bumpkin and unfit for anything but a charnel house.
There’d been a time when he’d stood where Merriweather did. Guillaume had once bantered with Kings and Queens. Been sure of his place in their affections. Why not? In those days, there had been poems of his great deeds.
There still were. But now the swarming great lords or ladies would glance at him, quote a line or two, and he wanted to disappear. Forget that man ever existed.
Here and now, Blanche waved gently at him from across the tent.
He strode across the room, never let them see his concern, and went over to where she stitched feathers to fabric. He said, “Shouldn’t you be dancing?”
Blanche snipped a thread. “I’ve never been much a one for dancing.” She shrugged. “But it keeps this crowd distracted.”
“True,” said Guillaume. He stood there a moment.
“Oh, stop looming over me,” said Blanche. “Sit down before I get neck cramp.” Guillaume sat on the floor at her feet, which, as Queen Alinor had so often said, was where a Knight should sit, at a lady’s feet. Blanche looked him in the eye. “That’s better.”
They didn’t talk. There wasn’t much to say. But they sat companionably enough. Guillaume held Blanche’s thread when she asked him to. After a skein or so, she sent a servant to get a book. Blanche handed it to him with a smile. “You look bored to tears.”
He said, “Thank you,” and he meant it. He opened the book and read about a girl who dressed as a boy and was a knight and fought whole armies.
After court, there were councils of war. His Mistress Vexation jested with her generals as they argued over the best spot to meet Obsidian’s army. If they should cross the border, that the battle might churn up England’s fields. If they should wait, that right be clearly on their side.
After the councils of war were other councils, which boiled down to Lady Blanche sewing, Guillaume reading the Romance of Silence, and Elizabeth reading the Codex. There was a minstrel in a corner, who played a soft melody. A waiting page with a bored look on his sleepy boyish face. Guillaume wondered once if the boy still thought his uncle was going to marry the Queen. Then he went back to his reading, consigned the boy to his boredom.
Guillaume looked up to find Elizabeth had put down her folio on a folding table and looked at him much as Lady Blanche looked at her thread. Pleased with the color and annoyed when it frayed.
She turned to the boy. “Bring us a glass of red wine.” The boy ran out through the tent door to wherever casks of wine lived on the march.
Elizabeth beckoned to Guillaume. “Come closer, my Demon.”
Lady Blanche snorted. “I know that look of old, Your Majesty.”
Guillaume put down his book and got to his feet. Took the few steps that brought him closer to his Queen, still slightly warm and glowing from dancing.
“This look?” Elizabeth batted her eyes at Blanche. “But now I don’t have to wheedle for a sweet.” Elizabeth laid a set of sturdy scissors across the pages. “I’ve been reading about the New Fire ritual. It’s quite interesting. In a bloody, rip-out-your-heart sort of way.”
“Your Majesty,” said Blanche, “if you were Cecil, and I were you, you’d be urging him to get to the point.”
“Were I Cecil and you I, the sad sorry world really would be in trouble,” said Elizabeth. The boy returned with a gleaming gold cup. “Ah, how timely. Put it down over there.” She pointed to the folding table with its bloodbath book. Looked up at Guillaume. “I’d like to try an experiment.” She slid up her sleeve and calmly sliced her forearm with the sharp blade of the scissors.
“Your Majesty!” said Blanche. She scurried over. The boy looked horrified.
Guillaume swallowed as her blood splashed into the cup.
Elizabeth held up her other hand. “Since I can’t very well have you drink from my royal person—a herd of unicorns wouldn’t be enough to stifle talk—I thought to do this.” She raised her brows at the boy, who swallowed and resumed his place. Blanche handed Elizabeth a handkerchief. Elizabeth wiped her arm and then held it up. The wound was already a scab and then faded into nothing. “I’ve always healed quickly, but ... since the battle with the Tzitzimime, it’s been rather quicker.”
“Or, since your eyes became blue,” said Guillaume, staring at the cup.
“As you say.” Elizabeth held the cup out to him like some gaudy grail. “Well, good Demon, drink up already or I’ll have sliced myself for nothing.” Quirked brows at him.
He took it. Breathed in the bouquet. Drank. Consumed dances and fetes and lonely fights and Kat and Blanche. A forgotten mother and a beloved father. He drank the steps to the dance. Each in its place and ordered to the serene music of the stars. He drank flying over a golden city. Crawled through the sky. Drove the rain clouds like sheep before him. He was the wind and he understood its song.
Guillaume put down the empty cup. He felt... different, like when he’d eaten the Dragon’s Heart, so long ago. Like when he’d become a thing, like someone else entirely.
The demon that lived in his heart felt odd. Sluggish with delight. Quiet. For the first time in centuries.
They stood there for a long moment. Looked at each other. Elizabeth smiled a still-winter’s-day smile at him. He attempted a January response. She said, “Your eyes have changed color, just like the Codex said they would.”
He shook his head. He had no words for her. He sat down in a daze, until eventually Elizabeth and her ladies withdrew to sleep. He didn’t need to keep guard, but he did. He wanted to sit and revel in the silence inside.
The next day, they marched to the border where a forest of towering ferns loomed, mist-shrouded, frozen into beautiful abstract shapes. 
He looked up at the mystery. Inside his helm, he smiled. Cecil grumbled at him, and lords quoted, and the troops whispered, and Guillaume smiled like July where they could not see.
It was beautiful, and Guillaume had just remembered how much he loved beautiful mysterious things, and for the first time in centuries, he composed a poem to something beautiful. Remembered, at last, his long-burnt love affair with words.
Itz --- London, England --- 9 Chicchan
In the morning, Henri sat surrounded by a brown leather chair, clutched a clay cup of bittersweet cocoa. He asked, “But why can’t I come with you?” He adopted his most pathetic face. “I’ll be quiet. You won’t even know I’m there.”
Itz brushed her hand under Henri’s chin. He’d grown in such spurts during their time. In a few months, she’d be looking up to him. “No, my wheedling prince.”
“But why?” He swung his legs back and forth under his chair. Quite clever really. It was the tallest chair in the room. However, the adoption of childish innocence was the wrong card to play.
She said, “Because I said so.” Then she stepped back and adjusted her gloves.
Henri sulked into his cup. “It’s not fair.” Pushed the cup aside onto the scarred oak table next to him. “I could follow you.” Then ruined the effect with a jaw-cracking yawn.
Itz looked at her little princeling and asked, “Did you like your cocoa?”
Henri’s eyes managed to glare and droop at the same time. Realization spread across his face. He said, “Hey, I watched you pour!” He yawned again.
“I painted the cup with a soporific last night.” She watched Henri as he fell towards a disgruntled sleep.
She picked him up. He curled into the curve of her body, muttering disjointed unlikely things. She was going to have to teach him some more creative swear words, but she knew she would not have the chance.
She carried him up the tight stairs, careful not to bump his legs against the hand rail. She missed the villa. The stairs were so narrow in England.
She laid Henri down on his soft bed. His face was lax, his body limp.
He was going to be very angry with her when he woke up. She should probably tie him to the bed. Just in case. This was one meeting where she did not want him skulking in the background.
She used soft silk. She could have used hemp, but she didn’t want to. His wrists were small and fragile.
When she was done, she looked at him for a long moment, and then went back down the stairs.
Her rented carriage waited for her. Not shiny or black. The horses did not match. It did not matter.
She got in. Settled her skirts into the seat, and as always in these situations, felt hungry, but that was just nerves. She spread her hands out flat on her skirts and forced herself not to clench the fabric. Not to move. Sat still as the carriage slushed its way to the palace for her interview.
Obsidian’s lapdog skulked in the stable. Fool. She let him help her from the carriage.
A parody of gallantry, he let her down in a puddle. She felt the icy rain water ooze into her slippers. As he brushed near her, she could smell Obsidian on him. In him. Her mouth watered.
All fools here.
The puppy sneered at her. “You know what’s going on. What she is. I could see it in your face. Tell me.” He gripped her arms, bruising flesh with a fraction of his little-boy strength. Towered over her the way all these Europeans did. He said, “Tell me what’s going on.”
She smiled and moved closer into his arms. Moved her face a fraction of a touch from his and said, “You’ve tasted her. You already know.” Then she lifted her arms up, and around his arms, breaking his grip at the thumbs. Moved quick fingers down gently, so softly, to grip his shrinking privates. Such a general not to protect them better. She said, “The only reason I don’t twist them off is that I doubt the Queen is done with them yet.” She patted his cheek with the other hand. “But next time, I won’t be so considerate.”
She him go. He stared down at her. Young and uncertain. Angry at the world. Obsidian had chosen her Huitlipochli well, and he hardly knew what he was.
She laughed and left him there.
She walked into the palace unannounced. There were no guards.
Servants hardly noticed her, rushed by, busy with their own concerns. Fears. Desires.
She did not need them.
She followed the scent of vanilla and wood smoke until she found Obsidian in her rooms. Sat in front of an obsidian mirror carved with the symbols of the fifth sun. She was brushing her hair. With each stroke, her scent spiraled out into the room.
Itz decided that she should have gotten a snack on the way over. A quick sip from a beautiful boy or girl.
It would not have mattered. Obsidian had the only blood that counted.
Itz said, “If you’re going to be staying, you’ll need to do something about the servants soon, or your palace will fall apart around your ears.” Knew it was a mistake as soon as she spoke. As soon as she heard the cracked sound of her voice mingling with Obsidian’s steady brushstrokes.
Obsidian turned away from the mirror and looked at her. Black eyes to black eyes. Obsidian pulled the brush through her waist-length hair. She said, “I think you know that we won’t be staying long.”
“We?” asked Itz. Another mistake. She was not here to ask questions, or talk. She should leave now.
Watched as Obsidian shrugged. Her skin smooth and perfect pale in the square of her bodice. Shifted her raven’s-wing hair to brush from the other side. Her even strokes a counterpoint to the steady beat of her heart.
Hearts. The faintest flutter of a rapid rhythm underneath it all.
Itz stared at her. The demon she carried inside her shifted in her own heart. Really there was nothing for it. She fell onto a chair and laughed until her sides ached. Laughed until she’d have cried, if she still could.
She looked at Obsidian watching her calmly. At least she’d put down the damned brush. Itz said, “You plague my dreams for months. All but wave signs and portents at me, and all this is so you can have a child.”
Obsidian rolled her eyes and said, “And now you’re being ridiculous. You know exactly why I’m here. What I want. What I need to do it. And in any case, I did not send the dreams, I merely opened the door for Tlaloc Chalchiuhtlicue’s aspect to send them to you.”
As if that was such a great difference. “I’m not going to help you.” Itz curled her hands. Calm. Controlled. Powerful. Damn it.
“Then why are you here?” Obsidian’s voice spiraled out. Honeysuckle and octli and that indefinable thing.
“To ... tell you that I’m not going to help you.” Itz was going to be firm. A mountain of firmness. She sounded ridiculous, like she was begging to be devoured.
“Ah,” said Obsidian. She stood up and walked towards Itz.
Itz turned her face away, but she could hear every rustle of silk. The sound of Obsidian’s legs as they rubbed together as she moved. The blazing heat of her body. The beat of her heart. The butterfly beat of her child’s heart. Itz said, “Your slave is an idiot.”
Felt a flutter of touch as Obsidian pushed down Itz’s sleeve on her left shoulder to uncover Itz’s butterfly brand. Obsidian said, “He’s young. His hearing isn’t as acute as yours.”
Itz felt soft lips on her skin. The barest hint of touch. She said, “I’m not going to help you.”
“You’ve said that.” Felt Obsidian’s breath on her skin. “Then leave.”
“I will,” said Itz. She did not stand up. Tried to concentrate on the stitch in her ribs from laughter. The rapid pound of Obsidian’s heart like thunder, as Obsidian leaned in, her soft breath like a hurricane in her ear.
Obsidian said, “You’ve already helped me.” Moved around behind her and whispered in the other ear, “I wanted the world at war and so it is.”
Itz jerked away from her, but still did not stand. Sat on her little chair like a schoolgirl. She said, “I didn’t do it for you.”
Obsidian came around in front of her. Knelt in a torrent of silk and corsets and somewhere beneath it all the whisper of skin. She said, “No, you did it for the sweetest of reasons. Revenge. And yet,” she shrugged, “your every step has brought you to me.” Obsidian’s eyes were hot. They welled with unshed tears.
Obsidian knelt, vulnerable and supplicant at Itz’s feet, and said, “Did you think yourself alone? Unloved?” Obsidian reached down and removed Itz’s muddy slippers. “You were never alone. You were always loved. I would have watched you if I could, but I always listened to you.” Obsidian bent down, and wiped Itz’s feet with her long soft hair.
Itz felt the barest touch of Obsidian’s lips, red as blood, trace their way down the arch and over the joints of her toes. Felt the brush of lips and the hot fall of a God’s tears and the brush of soft hair.
Itz swallowed but didn’t move. Sat in silence. Listening to tears branding her feet. Tried to remember anger, heat, whispered, “I won’t play your sacrifice.”
Obsidian kissed the arch of her foot and said, “I am not asking you to. It is too late for that.” Another whisper brush of hair wiped the mud away. “On the longest night of last year, your life would have been enough. Now the world requires a bigger sacrifice.” Brushed a toe with soft fingertips. “Now I desire your help to see things through.”
Itz held herself very still. “I’m not yours.”
Obsidian ran a hand along the side of Itz’s left foot and said, “Aren’t you?” Caressed the side of Itz’s right foot. “You lay in that bloodied bed each night as you sailed across the sea, and you offered yourself into the hands of any God that would have you if you could have your revenge.” Sat up and placed her hands, palms up, in Itz’s lap. “Didn’t you know that I was in the box that lay beside you? My mirror in the hold of that same ship.” Obsidian brought her hands up and around, cupped Itz’s hands in her own.
Itz’s hands looked very pale in contrast. Small. Itz concentrated on the rings on Obsidian’s fingers. Thought of the years in this cold, filthy place. “You. You have done nothing. I’ve taken my own revenge.”
Obsidian pulled Itz’s hands to her mouth and kissed each finger, “Cortez,” a kiss. “As you dreamed, his piss turned to blood,” another kiss. “And his ambitions withered on the vine until his heart gave out.” Another kiss. “All of them, every one who touched you, diseased in the loins, spread it across the world with every whore and rut. Pocked and dead. Ferdinand and Isabelle’s misfortunes in their children. The endless wars that sucked away their grandson, Holy Emperor's victories. His ceaseless wandering. Never able to rest and enjoy. Even when Charles gave half the world to his son, Felipe, it was a bitter pill of pirates and wars and lost ships.”
Itz sat still. Pulled at the wisps of her thoughts. “Coincidences.”
Obsidian let go of Itz’s hands. Itz felt the loss of the warmth. Felt each lost kiss like a burn.
Obsidian said, “My sweet, I’m not Huitlipochli to fly down in a beam of the sun. I don’t smite. I’m not the sun or the moon or even the stars.” She pulled back her long, long hair and tied it into a lover’s knot. She said, “I’m the mist that rises on the water. The movement out of the corner of the eye.” She reached forward and gently pulled Itz to sit on the floor.
Itz said from some deep hidden memory, “The heart’s dark reflection.”
“Yes.” Obsidian kissed Itz’s forehead. Her eyelids. She said, “Have what you want.”
Itz opened her eyes and said, “Your blood comes with a price.”
“One that you have already paid, many times over.” Obsidian put her hands on Itz’s shoulders and said, “Come love, you are thirsty. Be refreshed at my table. You have had your revenge. Drink and be satisfied.”
Itz fell forward. Nuzzled the soft sweet skin of Obsidian’s neck. The sweet spot where the blood flowed in steady rhythm. Skimmed her teeth across in a caress and bit. Itz drank. Swallowed forests and crossroads and the night into her flesh. Drank and drank and drank. When she was full, could swallow not another drop, found that she was weeping.
The blood of the Gods was said to grant strange gifts.
“Shhh,” said Obsidian, her flesh already healed. The mark closed on her neck. Obsidian held Itz in her arms and rocked her as she cried, until, exhausted, Itz fell asleep.
In dreams, Itz walked again the steps of her temple in golden Tollan, warm and safe, and she was home.

Chapter 9: Lost in a Dark Wood
Lucretia --- York --- Arrival
Lucretia’s feet hurt, but she skipped with giddy. Almost, almost, almost was singing a mighty song in her heart. Her heart was a mighty hunter before the lord. If Nimrod was a wolf with a red, red tongue, and not a Nimrod at all.
She slipped through a forest of ferns. Her wonderful pretty ferns reached up in the soft hills.
She came out the other side and looked up and knew she was at the right place. Not because there were tents in rows and fires and shiny guards in shiny armor that walked in very straight lines. She’d have had to look down to see all that. No, she knew she was in the right place because up on the hill above the little valley was a giant carved in the sod. There, next to the giant and a little higher was a tiny dot. A cloverleaf cave for cloverleaf people.
It was a lucky day. Lucretia skipped forward.
“Who goes there?” asked the shiny, happy guard in his shiny, happy helmet.
Lucretia said, “Me, I go here. I’m here. I’d have been here sooner, but there were things, and things, and I had to walk.”
Lucretia spun on one foot. “Hi,” she said, but the shiny, happy guard in his shiny, happy helmet didn’t move his pike. He really wasn’t very happy, or really all that shiny. She said, “I’m sorry, but I really don’t have time for this.” Lucretia bopped him on the head. “Sorry, sorry, sorry. It’s just there’s not much time left. It took me hours and hours to get here.”
She dragged the guard into the ferns and brushed her hands off.
She hummed, “I’m here, I’m here, I’m here. I’m here.” She waved at the soldiers in the camp. Some of them waved back. One pointed and said something rude. But she didn’t care because she was here, which wasn’t there, but it was the end of a start and the beginning of an end.
She came to the big white tent under the big red and white rose, where she was always meant to go. Except all the times she didn’t come here. But this wasn’t those times. This was only now.
To the guards at the door flap thing, she said, “I’m coming up roses. Ashes, ashes, they all go posies.”
The tall guard said, “I’m sorry, Mistress. What did you say?”
Lucretia firmed her lips, held onto slippery words really, really, really hard. She said, “I need to see the Queen Fire Serpent Lady. I have a jewel for her.”
The short guard said, “Aye now, we don’t let any camp follower that wants a gawk in to see the Queen.”
Lucretia rolled her eyes. So much for words. Stupid slippery. She threw the tall guard back into the camp, hit the short on his helmet, and ran into the tent.
Queen Fire Serpent Lady was eating a chicken leg and Giant Maize Knight was sharpening a knife. It didn’t matter what the other people were doing.
Lucretia spread open her arms and said, “Hello, I’m here.” She smiled big and wide.
Queen Fire Serpent Lady said, “So, you are.” She made a wonderful slidy hands-down gesture to Master Greybeard, and picked up a sword with a long slashy blade. She said, “Who sent you? Vampires don’t generally appear quite so,” she gestured with her shiny line of metal, “blithely.”
“Oh, blithely. I’m blithe. Blithesome, Blitherific. The very spirit of blithe,” said Lucretia. Hopping on one foot, she was so happy. Everything was so clearish in the here that was now. Not much left now. But they were looking at her not happy. Not shiny at all. Lucretia stopped hopping. She said, “Don’t you know me?”
“No,” said Giant Maize Knight. He stood up and up and up. He was much taller when not wading in blood.
Lucretia said, “But didn’t you dream me?” Lucretia shook her head, hair flying. “I sent you dreams, so that you’d be,” she waved her hands around, “knowing things. And I gave you Papa’s Codex.”
Master Greybeard started to say something really not helpful and Lucretia wanted to cry. She was so tired. She’d walked, and she’d died, and it just wasn’t fair.
So, she sat down and put her face in hands and wasn’t going to look at any of them. She felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked up. It was Giant Maize Knight squished down on one knee. His hand covered her shoulder and around. She sniffled and rubbed her nose.
He said, “Shh.” Pushed back her hair with a giant finger, just like Papa used to do when Papa was alive, but Papa was never a giant. She sniffled. He asked, tender like she was a curl of fern, “What dreams did you send?”
Lucretia breathed out and tried, she really tried. “You’re the Giant Maize Knight. Strip your skin off and start again. And, there’s the Mother Snake, and,” she looked at the Queen Fire Serpent Lady, “you’re the serpent who flies. Fire in your hair. And, oh,” she reached into her bodice and pulled out the shell, “I brought the Jewel.”
The Queen Fire Serpent Lady took it. She held it flat on her hand like it was a slug. Didn’t hold it to her ear at all. Looked at it like she was mad at it. That was not good. Not good at all.
Lucretia needed to do something or it was going to go all spirally.
Lucretia took a deep breath. Lucretia said, “I’m sorry.”
The Queen Fire Serpent Lady looked at her, and Lucretia almost stopped because her blue eyes were burny like the sky, but she needed to tell her, because it was all Lucretia’s fault. Sort of. Lucretia said, “I blew it too soon, and something confused happened. I knew I shouldn’t, but I was worried, and Papa was dead.”
The Queen Fire Serpent Lady’s thoughts went red and washed and bloody, but outside she was calm. Lucretia was careful not to look away. If you looked away from snakes they might strike. She might strike anyway with her long swishy blade in one hand and the jewel in the other.
But this was important. Lucretia said, “Do you understand?”
Queen Fire Serpent Lady slowly, carefully, put down her slashy blade, and held the jewel to her ear. She listened for a very long time. Somewhere, down below in the middle, in the center, a line clicked into place. The Queen Fire Serpent Lady said, “I think that I do.” The blue fire in her sky eyes washed over with grey rain clouds. She looked softly, sadly at Lucretia, and everything was going to be all right now. Maybe.
Lucretia looked up at the Giant Maize Knight, his crackly wonderful hand on her shoulder, and she smiled at him. He smiled back like a green growing thing. The moment stretched out until it almost snapped.
Long enough.
Lucretia slipped her hand into the Giant Maize Knight’s and tugged him toward the door. “We need to get going.”
The Queen Fire Serpent Lady held the jewel carefully, like a flower, and was about to say, “What?”
When Master Greybeard said, “Your Majesty cannot mean to trust this creature.” Majestic. That was a good word. Queen Fire Serpent Lady was very majestic. Like the sun.
Queen Fire Serpent Lady said, “Can We not! She has brought me an uncommon sort of jewel.” Majestic and sad, she asked Lucretia, “Where is it you think we need to go?”
Lucretia was about to answer, when she saw it. Sitting all prim like it hadn’t been lost at all on a table. She let go of the Giant Maize Knight, although she didn’t want to because he was the safest of things, but there was Papa’s book. She said, “Where did you find it? I wasn’t looking anywhere for it.” She nodded three times to let them know she was serious.
Master Greybeard got very snappish then. He said, “If this creature claims that her father owns the Codex, then, Your Majesty, she is undoubtedly responsible for its appearance at the Abbey, for all the time distortions throughout the kingdom.”
“Um ... I’m sorry,” said Lucretia. She was getting tired of saying she was sorry, but she didn’t know what else she was supposed to say. “I’m not sorry,” she said. “It took me months to get here, and I went to a mountain that was about to blow up, and another that was about to fall down, and there was a snake, and then the hummingbird-man killed me when the mirror woman told him to.” She looked at the Queen Fire Serpent Lady. “She took your eyes.”
Queen Fire Serpent Lady tilted her head like a bird and said, “Where do we need to go?”
Lucretia said, “To the cloverleaf cave where the stone men went chomp under the giant with the giant thingy.” Lucretia would have grabbed Queen Fire Serpent Lady’s hand, but that really wasn’t a safe thing to do. She held onto the Giant Maize Knight’s hand instead and tugged him to the door. “It’s not far.” She pushed back the flap and the pointed up at giant with the giant prick carved into the hill.
They all stared at it like they hadn’t ever looked up. Lucretia said, “We need to go there on the longest night to stop the mirror woman.” She nodded decisively, “I think.”
Master Greybeard coughed. He said again, “You're Majesty, you cannot mean to trust this creature.”
Queen Fire Serpent Lady snorted and said, “The longest night is a day away. For now, we need to talk.” She looked at Lucretia very hard. “I need you to speak slowly and carefully and explain again, Mistress Blithely.”
Lucretia shrugged. She could always try.
Itz --- London --- Solstice
Itz blinked into awake. She was lying on a low couch. Obsidian’s pet vampire glared at her from the other side of the room. Silly puppy. The Gods were fickle in their affections.
Persuasive, too.
She should feel embarrassed, but she merely felt empty. Emptied. Becoming what she was to become. Itz blinked her eyes. They did not feel on fire, though she knew they must now glow. The demon ... the child of gods inside her now slept. Its hunger finally sated.
She sat up.
Obsidian said, “Oh, good. I didn’t want to wake you; you looked so peaceful. We just have one more member to add to our party.”
The puppy glared at Obsidian. Glared at Itz. He said, “I’m not going anywhere until someone tells me what is going on. Where does Mistress Itz know you from? What are you? What have you done to me?” He looked so determined, but his hands shook. Itz idly wondered when was the last time he’d fed on anyone but Obsidian.
Itz looked at Obsidian. This should be interesting.
Obsidian ran one hand along her puppy’s jaw. She said, “Mistress Itz’s origins are I think fairly well known.” She glanced over Itz and smiled, “She’s been like a shining jewel in a dark age.”
The boy jerked away from her, “That doesn’t answer my question.”
Itz snorted. “I think you’ll find getting a straight answer out of your Mistress will take some doing.”
Obsidian shrugged and smiled. “Perhaps. Perhaps not.”
Itz said, “I think perhaps.” She walked over to the boy, who charmingly made a slight gesture to protect his genitals. Nice to see she’d made an impression. She said, “Sit down, boy.”
The boy sat down on a stool. Better. She pointed at Obsidian looking amused and all-knowing from a chair next to the mirror. All-knowing, with all the mirrors in the world to help, not far off.
The boy cleared his throat. Itz said, “She is not even close to human.” Trailed off because really what did it matter, but hearts had to be willing to be plucked. She started again, “This is the age of confusion. Your Queen needs us, and two other, um... vampires, to complete a sacrificial spell.” She raised her brows at Obsidian, “I only count two vampires.”
Obsidian picked some lint off her sleeve. “The others are already there.”
“Right. Indirect,” said Itz. She would have to end up serving an enigmatic god. She missed Coatlicue. Drink blood, strike straight and true like a serpent, die when the time was right. Nice and straightforward.
The boy said, “But what is the spell for?”
Itz looked back at the boy, and laughed. “It’s the end of the world. You figure it out, puppy.”
“My name is Michael,” said the boy, standing up, but still keeping his hands poised to protect his softer parts.
“And I’m sure the Archangel is very happy about that,” said Itz, eyeing his exposed calves.
“Children, don’t fight,” said Obsidian. “There will be plenty of opportunity for that later.” She picked up a small bag and put on a cloak. She said, “Michael, please pick up my mirror, and we can be off.”
Her puppy whined under his breath, but he did what she said.
They walked through the palace. The servants weren’t just remiss. The place was almost empty. Obsidian smiled, “I hope they’re enjoying themselves.”
“I imagine they are,” said Itz.
Obsidian walked lightly down the stairs. “I haven’t made anyone do anything that wasn’t already there.”
“Tell it to your puppy,” said Itz, walking heavily. Her head ached. Her hands felt somewhat unsteady as she came down off of the high of Obsidian’s blood.
“My name is Michael,” said the puppy.
Itz’s carriage still waited. She looked at Obsidian, “Why aren’t we taking your carriage? You’re the Queen of England.”
Obsidian walked over to the back of the carriage and pulled a small struggling shape from the back of the carriage. Henri. Of course. 
Itz glared at Henri, who glared back at her while rubbing his wrists. She said, “Knife in the sleeve?”
“Yeah, you didn’t even check,” he said. “You should have brought me.” He stamped his foot, which could have been a tantrum, or loss of circulation. It was hard to tell.
Itz looked at Obsidian, “Henri should stay here.”
Obsidian said, “My sweet, you’re not a priestess anymore. You’re a fulcrum. We need a priest consecrated to this land. That's why I had you bring him.”
Itz sighed, and followed Henri following Obsidian outside. She knew she was going to regret this.
Michael --- On the Road --- Melting time
What did she mean that he’d drunk Obsidian’s blood, so he already knew. He thought, “Already knew,” very sarcastically in his head. But he didn’t say it out loud.
He was walking through a blizzard carrying a mirror. A heavy stone mirror. Shoved his way through snow up to his hips.
Least he was better off than Mistress Itz’s little brat or Mistress Itz herself, either. They weren’t much taller than the snow level.
The thought didn’t warm him.
Obsidian told him to walk in front and cut their way through the snow with the mirror. When he’d started to dig, she’d laughed at him. She was always laughing at him. She said, “No, my Angel, hold it front of you. There are still places in the world where there is heat. The hot center of the world where stone is liquid and certainly warm enough to melt any amount of snow.”
“Stone is liquid,” he thought very sarcastically and stumbled along the trail that he was melting from the snow.
Elizabeth --- At the Border --- 3 to 10
She held the shell to her ear and listened to the sound of the sea and wind. She looked at the woman, little more than a girl, a dead girl at that, sitting in a chair babbling happily to Guillaume.
Elizabeth shook her head and held the shell up to her ear. She heard again the rustle of stone wings. Confused and lost. Things not in their place and out of their season, and all she had to do to set the seasons right was blow into the shell.
Cecil said something.
She said, “What, my Spirit?”
He shook his head, “Your Majesty, I mislike this turn of events. It is very ... ”
“Convenient,” said Elizabeth. She held the shell in the palm of her hand, exactly like her crest, which had been her mother’s before her.
It felt so very right. The Jewel of the Wind. It was hers. Like the rapier. Like her hand. She turned the shell over. “Perhaps, perhaps not. But, let’s try this one more time.” She shook her head. “Lucretia?”
The girl looked up. “Hmmm?”
Elizabeth beckoned to her. She unrolled her drawing over the map. She pointed at the image of the serpent-headed woman, “Where is she?”
Lucretia shook her head, sending brown hair flying like a flail or a flutter of butterfly wings. She said, “They’re ... they’re not here. They’re with her. The other Queen who took your eyes.” Lucretia bounced on one foot, “We need to go now. To the cloverleaf cave. Down, down, down. And you need to blow the shell. And we need to stop the mirror woman. And I feel cold.”
Elizabeth closed her eyes. No more than a moment. She opened her eyes to look at the map with its array of armies spread out. Markers for Queen Obsidian’s troops. Markers for ancient battles suddenly erupted. Markers where the wind whispered that the Tzitzimime crept. The creatures were coming south. Converging here. She said, “Lucretia, tell me what you see.”
Cecil said, “Your Majesty, you can’t mean to listen to this creature.”
Elizabeth said, “My Spirit, please sing another tune. I watch and listen. That is how I learn.” She took her own advice and she watched Lucretia looking at Guillaume.
Lucretia picked up a piece of charcoal on the table and wrote numbers in the center of the drawing. They spiraled and looped. Formed lines and spheres and planes, and Elizabeth had no idea what Lucretia was trying to tell her. They’d been at this for hours of not knowing what she was trying to tell her.
Guillaume leaned over the drawing.
“So forward, my good Demon. Have you become a mathematician?” said Elizabeth, tapping her fingers on her hip.
“No.” He spread his hand across the spiraling numbers. He shook his head. “Vampires and Queens, and an army. Not a private sort of fight.”
Elizabeth considered her previous experiences with villains. “Very well, Queen Obsidian seeks to distract me from her purpose with an entire army. A trifle overblown.” She shrugged.
Lucretia said, “It’s right now. It’s yesterday. It’s tomorrow.” She put her finger on the map and slid it across in a straight line. Lucretia blinked, she did that quite a bit. “But you’ve got to use the Jewel or they’ll stay confused like me.”
Elizabeth looked at the shell. The curved lines of brown and white. The etched stars on its surface that seemed to circle and slide. She picked it up and once again felt that sense of rightness. The wrong madness of the whispering memories that shouldn’t be in her mind. In summoning things that had consumed loyal companions.
She lived in mad times.
She walked to the front of the tent. Looked out at her army and the gathered clouds.
Held up the conch shell to her lips and blew. Felt the sound spiral out into the air and across the seas and lands to the souls that waited for her call. A stone army with fluttering wings. God’s Teeth. She felt them in her head, rustled into the air, carried on the wind. Like stone arrows. Like faith and love. Like she felt giddy from blowing on the thrice-damned shell.
She lowered the shell and looked out at the day, dark and stormy, and there would be no more of that. She called out, “Stop,” and the wind growled, and like a pet that had piddled on the rug, it stopped with a whine.
“Your Majesty,” said Cecil, “you’ve never been able to do that before.”
“No.” She looked into her Spirit’s eyes and tried to give him the wink, but it was an effort. “Don’t worry, I won’t let it go to my head any more than I usually do.” She went back into the tent. Back to her map of armies and strategy. Her generals were going to love this, but in the end, she was the Queen, there’d have to be a stirring speech. She had a tall hill with overly excited graffiti to climb.
She said, “My Spirit, you’re going to have to lead the army.” She smiled crookedly at him. “I always lean on you.”
“But surely we must avoid Obsidian’s troops while you face her directly in this clover cave. She could be seeking to wage war against us to gain power through blood spilled in her name. We must not give her any more power than she already has.”
The wind was whispering now. The Tzitzimime weren’t far now. “I have another purpose in mind.” She pointed to a narrow valley inked in brown with a blue river. “Draw Obsidian’s troops in. The Tzitzimime will be drawn to the greatest heat that they feel.”
Cecil stroked his beard. “And lay ourselves out as dinner. Your Majesty, we cannot fight these creatures and Obsidian's army. Unless you mean to turn us all into demons.”
Elizabeth breathed in and breathed out. Thought of poor Sir Reginald, her good Bulldog, and her men, not even bones on a mountain trail, consumed by butterflies that even now flew to her on the wind. If she could trust her almost memories. She said, “That isn’t going to be a problem.”
Elizabeth looked down at her perfectly ordinary dress. She looked at Blanche and raised her brows questioningly. Blanche snipped a bit of thread and nodded. Elizabeth stood up a little straighter. “I am going to change my clothes.” She shrugged. “One should be well dressed when meeting not-family for the first time.”
Itz --- Cockswell --- Before
Obsidian stopped, tilted her head, and listened to the breeze. She said, “He always was a show-off,” and started walking again.
Itz dragged her feet through the sludge and snow. She’d discarded her skirts miles back.
Given them to Henri to wrap around his shoulders. He looked like a red round explosion of fabric. He said, “Is it far?” It was the twentieth time he’d asked the question, but Itz could understand the sentiment.
Obsidian replied, as she had the nineteen other times, “Not far.”
They walked in the snow. Michael led the way with the mirror and looking more and more lost. Poor foolish puppy. Henri in his skirt, and Itz wishing that she had longer legs.
After miles or minutes or hours, they came to a line of stones huddled in the lee of a hill. Obsidian stopped and waved at the stones.
Michael said, “There’s nothing here.”
Obsidian said, “Of course not, my sweetling, these are just the markers for the ley lines.” She pointed to the first stone, “Put the mirror down there.” She smiled. “From here, it’s a mere few steps forward and we’re there. Not as flashy as some people I could name, but it will do the trick.”
“But, but,” said Michael. He protested, and he put down the mirror where Obsidian had pointed. Poor puppy, already trained. “But that’s...”
“Traveling by ley line is really dangerous,” said Henri, huddled in his skirts. “Are you stupid? Everybody knows that the Ninth Roman Legion still hasn’t shown up. We could end up anywhere. Or any when.”
“And we can’t bring any metal,” said Michael. “How are going to do this spell of yours if we can’t bring a knife for the sacrifice?”
Obsidian said, “Because not all knives are made of metal.” She reached over and touched his collar. “However, you need to choose this freely.” The collar snapped off.
Itz felt her collar. The signs on it had smoothed away. It broke at a touch. She dropped it to the ground to disappear into the white.
“Oh, you're free,” said Henri, he smiled at her. “Like you were in Tollan.” Then he looked at the mirror. “Is this safe?”
“No,” said Itz, “but if there is one being qualified to pull us in one side of a mirror and out the other, it would be Obsidian.”
“That’s fine, then,” said Henri, and he put his cold little hand in her frozen one. Obsidian took Michael’s hand, and he looked back at Itz uncertainly. She tilted her head. Such a big strong man. She took his other hand. 
Obsidian pulled them into the mirror and through. Past high-pitched colors and furry sound and blue taste. Until they popped out on the other side to stand front of a cave on a hillside under one of the more interesting examples of ancient art that Itz had been privileged to see. “Someone thought quite a bit of himself,” she said. Far below, Itz could see the army of York. Little flags snapped in a breeze just for them.
Obsidian said, “Michael, if you would pick up the mirror.”
Michael looked at the giant graffiti and the mirror lying on the ground. Grumbled, “I’m just a beast of burden,” and picked up the mirror.
Obsidian brushed her hand along Michael’s shoulder. “Oh, you’re more than that,” and slipped by him into the cave.
She pointed to the entrance to one of the passageways. “It needs to go there.” She looked at Michael and Itz. Held their gaze with her own. “And if we have guests, you must make sure they don’t go down that tunnel.” As if Itz didn’t know.
Michael carried the mirror across the cavern.
Henri shed layers of skirts in the warmth of the cave. Obsidian knelt next to him, a long piece of chalk in her hands. “My young priest, do you feel the hearts and minds that have been given to you?”
Henri glanced at Itz. Glared at Obsidian. “What are you talking about?”
Michael lurked in the background. Listening. Practically wagging his tail in hope of answers.
Obsidian ignored the glares and the hope. She would. She took Henri’s hand. The one with the cardinal’s ring that his mad mother bought for him. “From the moment you were born, your mother gave you into the service of the lamb and the fish and the cross. God of these lands. Wet from birth, covered in blood and already a priest.”
Henri flinched a little, but didn’t pull his hand away. “I guess.”
“Don’t guess. Know.” Obsidian brushed a hand along Henri’s ears. Dusted them with chalk. “Close your eyes and listen. From here, you can hear people dying in your god’s name. Can you hear them?”
Henri closed his eyes. Squeezed them shut and wrinkled his forehead. Listened. He nodded yes.
“Then give me your blessings, little priest.” Obsidian knelt at his feet. Long black hair like a cloak across her back.
Henri did jerk his hand away then and looked at Itz. “Should I?”
Itz walked behind him and hugged him briefly. “It’s why she wanted you here. That’s how the world is saved. Through sacrifice and hearts.”
He sniffed, his nose red from the cold. He said, “You’re not going to die, are you?”
“I might,” said Itz. She brushed some snow from his hair.
“Will I be safe?” asked Henri stamping his feet.
“No, but there are no safe places left,” Itz looked at the patiently waiting Obsidian with her smoke-dark eyes, “but if you give her your blessing, I’ll tell you a story, and because I know that you’re very clever, I know that you’ll understand.”
Behind her, Michael snorted. Muttered, “A straight answer might be nice. But no, you’re going to tell him a story.”
Henri didn’t hear him. His eyes were so bright, it was hard to look at them. He smiled at Itz and kissed her cheek. Then he held out his hand to Obsidian. “You can have my blessing.”
Obsidian kissed his hand. “Thank you.”
Itz laid the skirts down on the stone, because it was cold, and climbed up onto the slab. She pulled up Henri to sit next to her. Then she told him the story that Imex had told her. About the end of the old world, the world of the fourth sun, and the beginning of this one. For the new sun to be, the old sun had to die.
Michael came around the other side and leaned against a wall, like he wasn’t listening, while Obsidian smiled her smile and drew the sacred symbols onto the walls and floor.
Guillaume --- Yorkist Camp --- Now
Guillaume watched the bulk of the army march to a different battle. He felt light. Empty. He hadn’t consumed a drop of blood in days. Not since Elizabeth had given him his dram. He didn’t need it any more. Didn’t want it. He was a fasting knight on his last vigil. This was it. What he had been moving towards every long moment of his life.
He knew it by the silence inside. He put on the robes that Elizabeth had given him. Attached a few treasures from the years. The bell, the candle, the hammer. These things were always important. Except when they weren’t. He held the book the Margrave had given his Mistress Vexation. Flipped through the pages. Felt the bored page’s eyes on him, so he handed it to the boy. It wasn’t precisely Guillaume’s to give, but it felt like the boy had more need of it. Guillaume hoped the child knew how to read it.
Guillaume waited.
The Queen finally came out of her tent.
Wayward pignuts!
She was wearing a thing of feathers and strategic bits of fabric and not much else.
He looked over at Blanche, who beamed at her nearly naked lamb. He said, “White Lady, you’ve done Kat proud.”
Blanche sniffed and said, “Thank you.” Then she reached up, hauled him down a foot or two, kissed him on the cheek, before turning bright red and running off to tend some last detail on her mistress's non-wardrobe.
Lord Cecil was turning a different shade of red. “Your Majesty, you, your, I mean.”
Elizabeth turned on one sandaled foot. She said, “Do you like it? It’s my Quetzalcoatl outfit. I wasn’t sure Blanche would be able to finish it in time, but she came through like a trooper.” Elizabeth gave her a brief hug.
Blanche said, “I wish I was coming with you, Your Majesty.” Handed Her Majesty a wool cloak sewn with feathers. Good. Inspiring was one thing, but that was an outfit asking for frostbite.
Elizabeth shrugged it on. She said, “I know, but I’ve already lost... I need you to stay here and keep Cecil in line.” She looked around. “Now then, where is my chaperone?”
Lucretia jumped out of the tent looking pretty much the same, but with blue ribbons and good deal less blood on her face. She spun around and said something about floods and silent heart worms and humming birds. It didn’t worry Guillaume at all that he knew what she was talking about. She’d been trying to tell him for months. He’d only just now started listening.
Obsidian --- Womb of the Sun --- Hours
She felt the smooth chalk between her fingers. First she drew a weapon, her axe of this wonderful steel. Curving lines and shades of blue. Then she pulled it from the wall with a slight pop. She’d need a weapon.
Then she drew the symbols of what was to come.
The looping lines of her un-sister-brother Quetzalcoatl next to the fifth corridor.
She drew herself above the entryway into the world. Her when she was a him. Placed one hand on the cool stone. Took extra care with the lines of herself, with soft smoke rising from the mirror in her left foot and eyes.
Above the first tunnel she drew Tlaloc Chalchiuhtlicue in quick faint lines. The falling water of her hair, the melted lines of her skirts. She had never had been all there.
She went to the second entrance and drew Xipe Toltec, his skin falling from the husk of his body. She felt the husk of her body. Her nipples puckered against the chill air. The slight soreness from holding her arm at such an angle. She welcomed the feeling. She relished even the slight flutter in her belly, not quite strong enough for a kick. Sweet and slight and sad. She wished for more time, but that was common enough. It made these last moments all the sweeter.
As she drew Coatlicue above the third door, she listened to the sound of Itz’s voice telling the story of the fall of the golden age of Tollan and the sacrifice the god of that age had given to preserve the world. She drew fierce serpent heads, and a bloody belt of hands, and a burning hungry heart.
Obsidian remembered strolling into the city of Tollan as a wandering merchant. How she'd seduced her un-sister-brother with octli milk and sweet, sweet words into doing what he wanted to do. A wonderful way to end an age. Begin an age. Quetzalcoatl always had been stubborn. Vigorous, but stubborn.
By the fourth door, she leaned in next to Michael and reached around him. Held herself, this husk of flesh, an inch from him as she drew Huitlipochli. Fierce and unthinking. Cruel with bright curving beak. She didn’t need to, but she drew him one last flower.
She leaned in for a kiss. Drank the taste of him. Cool and dry and dead. A memory of someone. She pulled him a little ways down the fifth corridor. Not too far, but far enough for the light to fade into grey. Close enough to hear the sound of Itz’s voice as she told stories of past glories.
Obsidian whispered to him, “You are not just a beast of burden.” She felt him tremble under her hand. Let him push her against the smooth wall of the tunnel and touch her tender skin with unsteady hands. Felt the men who would die in her name as they struggled to where the battle must be. She prepared to gather it all in.
Kissed her Angel. Prepared to blow all the fires out, and leave only the smoke behind.

Chapter 10: Valley of Cockswell --- Waiting
In dream that was her life, Elizabeth felt the battle joined behind her. She could hear on the breath of the wind King Felipe cursing under his breath. The damp air told her that the soft ground made it difficult for his engineers to aim their cannon. If it had been snowing, then he’d be able to prop the cannons up on boards. But this soft sludge defied Kings and lesser men. 
Oddly, it felt like she could hear the ticking of his heart. All the reasons he urged his men on in Obsidian’s name.
She could hear Bishop Gardiner as he knelt in front of the relics of the Virgin Mary and Saint George as he prayed that soon they’d all be clean. 
She couldn't smile. She rode forward.
***
Guillaume rode with his eyes closed. He could hear everything. The birds as they talked. The ants as they crawled. He could hear Blanche as she pulled another stitch and a soldier screamed. Sewing up wounds. He felt the demon inside him loosening. Stretching its unwings. Heard Cecil stroke his beard and pull the army back and pull back. Forced King Felipe’s forces into tighter and tighter formations like those long ago knights in the last battle Guillaume’d fought as a man. As a human. 
He could smell the battlefield hot and muggy with smoke. Cannons. Buckets of charcoal smudged the field until all was smoke.
***
Lucretia smiled and laughed. Time was her shepherd, and he’d laid out a feast in the presence of his enemies. The angels could smell it, too. Yummy, yummy, yummy food. After so many snacks. A feast.
The pretty shiny angels vibrated with excitement as they ran in the suddenly laughing breezes. Lucretia laughed. They did not understand the wind’s words. They only understood the scent of sweat and smoke and fire. Ran forward in a wave. Numbered as the sand on the beach. As the stars in the sky. Pulled from their meager appetizers towards the main course. If they didn’t hurry, the world would end before they could finish.
She clapped.
***
Itz dreamed awake. What she dreamed was this. The dream of her soul.
She slept deep below the dirt, below the stone. The thin crust upon which the world rested shifted and seethed. Trembled from pressure it could hardly hold.
Soldiers who had once been men snapped their butterfly wings, and hovered in a swarm of wings high above the battlefield. She heard the call. 
The enemy was coming. The Voice of the Wind had called them. Not some faint half-understood little voice, but the Voice. She’d been summoned to the final task. Summoned by name. All around her the butterflies remembered their names. Remembered life and love. Hovered and gossiped with enemies from that other life. There were no enemies now. Just the call and the task. They hid the sun with their wings and shadowed the valley with their numbers. They watched. She watched.
“Wait,” the wind whispered as they saw the faint glow over the hill. “Wait,” the breeze said as the wave of angelic Tzitzimime washed over the ridge and into the valley of men below. “Now,” said the boisterous gusts, “Go.”
The butterflies floated down. Fell like a blanket of night on each shining shape. The soldiers ran, and then were lifted from the valley on the hands of the wind, but that wasn’t important. They weren’t the enemy. The Tzitzimime were.
They cut glowing flesh with dark wings, and devoured light. She cut. She devoured. It was her nature.
The sun set before they were done. The enemy numbered like stars in the sky. Like sand on a beach. Infinite into the finite and then there were no more.
The butterflies fluttered away on the daring breezes. This was the longest night of the year, and their work had only just begun. They would fly round the world. If only the world would hold together long enough to let them.
Itz fluttered open her eyes and wondered.
Chapter 11: The Beginning of the End
The Final Battle --- Solstice
Elizabeth rode at the front of their little party in the fading light. She would not look at the battle unfolding in the valley below. She pushed back thoughts of butterflies and the Tzitzimime and the wind. She tried to focus on the reality of riding up the hill. Whatever this reality might be.
As they climbed over one final curve, the giant came again into view.
“Well that’s clear enough,” said Guillaume, as he dismounted from his horse.
Elizabeth could clearly see the cave in a direct line from the giant of Cockswell’s giant, Elizabeth shook her head, cock. What a place for a Queen to be.
She shouldn’t have to see these sorts of things. On the cusp of her thought, the last light faded behind the cloudy sky. The longest night and all that rubbish.
She reached for her rapier and unsheathed it. Paused as the iron ring on her hand clinked against the hilt. Decided not to stop to think. She pulled the ring off and handed it to Guillaume. She said, “If you’re going to kill me, do it now.”
“Your Majesty?” asked Guillaume looking at the ring in his hand.
“Live or die. By the seal of Solomon, I give your life back to you. Choose what you want.” She shrugged. “If I kill you, it will be as a free man.”
He looked at the ring in his hand, and slipped it onto his little finger. “Thank you. But we’re all going to die.”
“That’s my Demon, ever the ray of sunshine.” She flashed a dark smile and went to the entrance to the cave, took a deep breath and walked in.
It was softly lit by five torches. Somehow there were always torches. Elizabeth guessed evil gods bent on world destruction liked to see and be seen just as much as anyone.
A dark woman with a very familiar face emerged from one of the tunnel entrances, twitched her skirts. She said, “Oh, look, the hero. I thought you’d never get here.” She curtseyed. “It is good to see you, my un-sister.” She picked up a wicked curved axe leaning against a wall.
“Wish I could say the same,” said Elizabeth. The evil hell-bitch had stolen Elizabeth’s face. Not literally, but there was the familiar bump in the nose that greeted her every morning, and she had a better figure. For some reason that really annoyed Elizabeth.
Elizabeth looked at the boy sprawled out on an altar in the center of the room. She said, “Don’t worry, we’ve come to save you.”
“Oh,” said the boy. “Sure.” He turned to a very short dark-haired woman standing next to him and whispered something. The woman pulled out a black stone-bladed knife and circled around to face her Demon; while Lucretia was matched with a man of middle height. This seemed an unfair arrangement.
Elizabeth was about to suggest that Guillaume face the dimple-faced man, when the small woman and Guillaume began thier fight.
It was a blur of motion. Steps and moves and grace. She hadn’t even known her Demon could dance like that. That anyone could fight like that.
Elizabeth almost forgot she had her own twin to face. Lifted her blade to parry just in time to prevent her head from leaving her neck. Her twin said, “Beautiful, aren’t they?”
Elizabeth smiled. “You’re beautiful enough for two of us.” She lunged the battle in earnest.
***
Guillaume fought. It was like flying. Needless to say he had reach, but there was a lot of undefended leg there. Hard to go as fast when he had five feet of blade to swing and reverse. The tiny woman didn’t leave any openings. Her movements were controlled and elegant. Only dropped her guard when she was lulling him in. Pretending to be weak, but he didn’t lull.
He looked into her dark eyes, and he smiled at her. She smiled back. All of her teeth were filed down into points. Her ears were notched like flowering thorns. He said, “How beautiful you are, my enemy. Your beauty is like the sway of the serpent.”
He swung his sword under the woman, and she jumped over the blade. “Your two arms are like twin fangs that glisten amongst the lilies of the valley.” She lunged as soon as her feet hit the ground. Fairly danced forward with her sharp knife to slice at his legs.
He stepped back and spun his sword point down to block her movement. “How delightful is your strike, how swift and pleasing is your motion.” The woman stepped back to avoid being cleaved in two, but that wasn’t what he was after. “Your hands jab death as the bee stings.” He raised his sword and embedded the blade a foot into the stone between them. “Your lips drop venom sweet as the honeycomb.”
The tiny woman smiled sharp at him. She said, “You’re good. Although I do not think much of your poetry.”
He said, “No one does.” Then he paused, bowed briefly, and said, “I am Guillaume FitzJohn, sometimes called the Dragonheart, the Goodly Knight, and my lady’s Demon. May I know who I face in the lists for honor of my Lady and God.”
***
Itz paused and considered the gift of her name. She looked up at the bone white giant with the pale white eyes. He bore the mark of one who had bathed in the blood of a great serpent and eaten its heart. There was a long pale scar across his right cheek. The mark of the flayed man. She said to this white mountain, “I am Itzpapalotl, which meant Obsidian Butterfly in the language of my youth. I was the sacred vessel of the goddess Coatlicue, and only the greatest of willing warriors would I devour.”
They smiled at each other over the blade in the stone and began again. Guillaume FitzJohn left his sword stuck in the stone and fought using a long steel knife. They circled around the sword. Their blades made sweeping arcs. This good knight with an eagle’s sharp face told her that she was beautiful as a storm when her obsidian knife darted up past steel. He told her that her grace was like fire as his bright shining steel reached down past obsidian.
He bled from a thousand cuts. She bled from a thousand more. It was dazzling, and the spirit that Imex had placed within her so long ago emerged from the sleep of becoming to sing. She felt the burning spirit within her come alive, and so did he. Their battle was a worthy gift. Their blood a shining sacrifice.
***
Lucretia liked to watch the dancers spinning. They were beautiful and so wonderful in a tragic, happy way.
She ducked as her only ever lover, he’d given her his child after all, reached for her. His wonderful gleaming child. It woke up and glowed fire and water and wind and blood in her eyes. Yelled happy about what it could become.
Lucretia sang or played or spun or wove light time in rainbows of transportation. Her only every lover tried to reach her and snap her neck, but she was never there. Never would be there. There was never going to be a time when he would or could.
She giggled. “You’re a silly man.” She spun on one toe. “Do you like unicorns?”
He said, “Hold still, damn it.”
Lucretia giggled again, because she knew where they were going, and what they were going to make out of the icky broken things, and he still just went tumble with the tide. She could run. It would be easy, but it had to be for the right reasons, or they couldn’t go at all.
***
Michael felt knocked about. Hadn’t been hit once, and he felt like he’d been in a brawl. He didn’t know who these people were or what was going on or anything other than he was confused. He’d been lost for a long time now. Sometimes it seemed like before he’d died even.
Felt like if he could just kill this one girl. If he could make just one thing make sense, he could get all the certainty of dying back.
If she’d just hold still.
***
Henri watched everyone. That was the Goodly Knight fighting Itz. They were incredible and wonderful, and he wanted them both to win. Well, Itz more than the Goodly Knight, who he didn’t actually know after all.
But he’d read a lot of stories.
The Goodly Knight only fought for things like saving people and the world. But, according to Itz’s story, that’s what they were there for. Henri scowled and sat on his cold stone slab watching everyone else do something.
Obsidian fought.
***
She was waiting. Marking time.
Elizabeth’s each move, she countered.
As Elizabeth countered each of her moves. How could she not, when they were the same.
Almost time now. In a few minutes, it would be midnight in the center of the world. The dear world, dying from the inside out. Obsidian had given birth to this world of the fifth sun in a cavern like this. Burned her sister’s creation, the world of the fourth sun, when her sister was a brother. At least that was her version of the story.
Obsidian took a deep breath and breathed the word. The secret name of the fifth sun in its heart.
Outside, the struggling world went dark in a wave, as all the fires went out. Left only the blue glow of time and space on the walls to see and kill by. The earth rippled in an earthquake. All the pots broke, as buildings crumbled and shattered. Stone butterflies paused as they devoured the stars.
Inside, Obsidian made her final swing and then twisted her axe at the last moment. Let Elizabeth sweep her feet from under her and Obsidian fell. Smacked against the stone floor and felt the breath drive from her lungs.
Looked up into Elizabeth’s killing stroke.
Sparks danced off the stone next to Obsidian’s head. Elizabeth shook her head. “That was too easy.”
Lucretia laughed. “That’s because, because, because.” She spun around angel fool Michael and weaved seemings with her twickerings vorpal self.
Guillaume hardly noticed. He was too busy battling poetry.
Elizabeth looked down at Obsidian and felt like an idiot. “It was all a trick. You weren’t trying to invade York.” She stepped back. Rapier lowered. “You weren’t going to sacrifice the boy. You’re not even trying to destroy the world. He’s not the sacrifice.” Elizabeth tapped stone with the end of her blade. “You’re the sacrifice.”
Obsidian breathed in and out. Lay still on the floor. “Yes, so do it. There’s not much time. Even now the blood from our armies soaks my earth. Fuels the ritual. All you have to do is finish it and you can save this world of the fifth sun. The sun will rise in the morning. Everything will go on just as it is.” Tried to hold still and not wince for the final cut that would stop her heart. For the fire that would burst from inside and consume her. Consume her impossible child in her belly. No matter how many times, dying always hurt.
But Elizabeth laughed, that familiar face under red curling hair. “Oh, our armies aren’t fighting. I had other fish to fry, and I’m tired of sacrifice.” She threw aside her rapier.
Obsidian’s heart skipped a beat. “No!” Jumped to her feet. Roundhouse punched Elizabeth.
“Not so sacrificial now.” Elizabeth spat out blood on the floor.
“It could still work.” Obsidian circled around Elizabeth. “I wanted the battle to be sure. As it is my world, I was willing to be the one to die. But one of our deaths should be enough.”
“One of our deaths.” Elizabeth wrinkled her nose at her. “Now you’re just flirting.”
Obsidian scooped up Elizabeth’s rapier. Tested the weight of it in her hand. Looked at Elizabeth and swung.
Elizabeth ducked. Rolled for Obsidian’s axe. Circled back around Obsidian. She said, “I’m not going to kill you.”
“You’d let the world die then,” said Obsidian, lunging forward. Elizabeth knocked the blade aside. “Even now, you could do your duty. Kill the monster wearing your face. Your Mother’s eyes.” Obsidian slashed at Elizabeth’s belly.
Elizabeth spun the axe to knock the blade aside and shook her head, “I think there’s been enough talk of killing. You want my eyes, you be the hero.”
The moments ticked by. Not much time now at all. Every moment connected, but there was always the possibility of too late.
Obsidian swung wide but could not reach through. Elizabeth knew her every move. Quetzalcoatl always was a stubborn bastard when it came to sacrifice, but Obsidian had to try.
***
Henri watched the battles. Obsidian and the red-haired lady were too similar to tell who was going to win. He thought that Michael didn’t stand a chance against the crazy girl and Itz really was like a dragon. The Goodly Knight had killed dragons, but he’d made friends with the Basilisk, and maybe Itz was like a Basilisk.
Henri loved Itz, and he wanted her to win, but he didn’t really want her to kill the Goodly Knight, and there was nothing he could do about any of it, but he really didn’t want Obsidian to win.
He looked at the long dark tunnel ahead and thought about how Obsidian didn’t want anyone to go down it.
Henri grinned. There was one thing he was really good at.
He slipped down from his slab. Henri yelled, “Itz!” and ran down the fifth tunnel. He heard Itz yell from behind him and he ran faster. He knew she’d always follow him.
***
Guillaume watched his enemy, his would-be killer, run away. Looked at his sword embedded in the stone. Laughed. Felt the worm in his heart shift and break free. Spread through him like the phoenix so long ago over an Egyptian dawn.
He left his sword in the stone and walked over to where Lucretia played keep-away from the gleeking clotpole with the knives.
Took them away from him. Pretty boy, caught the eye of something deadly, hardly knew how to hold them. Then he held the struggling boy’s hands behind his back.
He asked, “Now what, Mistress of Vexation?”
Obsidian held the rapier in front of her. Pointed it at Elizabeth, at Lucretia, at Guillaume.
Lucretia said, “Shh ... there’s only one way to go now.” She brushed her hand across the mirror as she went. Left a trail of shiny future oils and flakes of shattered past skin. The stone mirror rippled like water and time. Then she slipped, skipped, went down the fifth tunnel, which was also the sixth tunnel, if you counted the front door.
Guillaume couldn’t stop laughing. Everything was so funny. He let go of the struggling pretty boy. Guillaume threw aside the knives. Unbuckled his belt. Dropped all the useless things he’d brought with him. Bell and candlestick and hammer. Pulled off the silly Templar’s cote and threw it aside. The pretty boy looked nervous, but this wasn’t about him.
His Lady asked, “What are you doing, my Demon?”
He said, “I’m shedding my skin.” He smiled at her once to drink his Lady in, but she didn’t need him, not really, and finally, he didn’t need her.
He walked down the tunnel. He tossed aside robes and braes. Until he was naked as a babe. As a knight before he was sworn. He walked down curving tunnel and into the dark. Then he peeled back his skin to reveal what glowed inside.
Michael stared at the tunnel where the scary giant man had gone. Looked at the red-headed woman and Obsidian.
Obsidian said, “My Angel. Pick up your knives.” Michael breathed in. Felt the air fill him inside. Felt the demon inside him doing something weird. He coughed. Bent over at the waist. He tried to cough it up. Crouched there half bent, his hands on his knees. He gasped, “What’s wrong?”
Obsidian smiled that tell-nothing smile. He shook his head and felt dizzy. He wanted to smash something. Smash that smile. He could barely move.
He picked up a hammer lying next to the giant’s belt. It was like a child’s toy.
Obsidian whispered, “No,” but it was too late. If there was one thing Michael knew, it was how to screw things up. He threw the hammer at the mirror. Then he stumbled toward the tunnel where he and Obsidian had just had sex, made love, rutted, whatever it was they did. He shook his head to clear it. He coughed again. As the thing inside him filled him up, he went into the darkness to see if he could figure it out.
They were alone. Obsidian lunged forward with the rapier.
Elizabeth swept it aside. Trapped the sword that was a part of herself to the floor with her foot and then simply pulled up on Obsidian’s hand.
The rapier was supple, but it could break. Elizabeth snapped the blade in two.
Obsidian dropped the useless hilt and spread out her arms. “It’s not too late.”
Elizabeth tossed the axe to the floor. “No, it’s not. It’s early.” She kissed Obsidian lightly on her forehead and said, “I’m tired of sacrifice. Aren’t you?”
Obsidian shrugged her dark hair over her shoulder. “No.” She shrugged. “I like this world.” She looked around the cave. “The new sun won’t be any better. It’ll have all the same flaws.”
Elizabeth shrugged at her own sweat-clumped hair. “I should hope we'll make a new world with fresher, prettier flaws.” Touched the familiar bump on Obsidian’s nose. “Come now. If I do it alone, it’ll just be the same old thing. This time, for once, let’s do it together.” Elizabeth gave her not-sister the wink.
Elizabeth walked over to the mirror with its cracks and took the Jewel of the Wind from her belt.
She slammed it against the mirror. The shell shattered and cracks spiraled from the heart of the stone. She looked at her not-sister, standing still and said, “What do you want the next sun to be made of? Personally, I think sacrifice is last year’s fashion. This year, everyone is wearing charity,” and slammed down the hammer again.
Outside, Obsidian could hear the world break. Shatter into flat round slabs and points and lines, as the first piece of the mirror fell to the cave floor.
Obsidian looked outside as the world broke apart and whispered, “Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal. For now we see through a glass but darkly.” Obsidian shook her head. “Seriously, sometimes you’re such a bitch.” Picked up her axe from the floor and threw it across the room at Elizabeth.
It smashed into her mirror. Pieces scattered to the floor.
The last blue lights dimmed to dark, as outside, the world remade itself.
***
Somewhere, in a green and verdant land, Prince Henri rode his pony to adventure. He laughed at the shapes of the clouds above. At the giant shadow that Itz spread on the rolling green hills. Itz lazily spread her wings, puffed smoke, and grinned a dragonish smile. High above, the wind maidens wove rain and the wraiths breathed soft mist as fine as down. If Itz sometimes ate a bullock in one gulp, she hoped no one would blame her. Looking after Henri would make anyone hungry. Even the Red Dragon.
Somewhere, Michael played the lost fool and wandered rambling roads. His red eyes flashed in his long white face. Those who followed the running footsteps of the White Hound rebelled with no cause. They were the wanderers and the fools, the dreamers of the dream.
Somewhere, Guillaume slept. He wore no armor; he needed none. His skin was his armor. He held no sword. He needed none. He lay on a slab of stone, and the dust settled on him like a shroud. He dreamed of fields of flowers and golden grain, of things growing in the sun. In his dreams, he was a poet and his poetry was always about someone else. But he wasn’t alone. But after many months of journeying, the Basilisk found him sleeping in the middle of the garden of the Hesperides and settled down happily to guard him. The grail in the grass came later. Later still the briar roses that spread out and through the gardens of the Hesperides. The phoenix roosted in an apple tree. The Basilisk knew that these things were important. Because some day, when the Goodly Knight was needed, he would wake and give some new hero the strength to save the day. Because that was how stories went. But for now, the Goodly Knight slept and Basilisk guarded the knight that he loved.
Somewhere, in the middle of a vast forest of fern in the midst of a red land, Lucretia and her Papa lived in a tower of glass. They played chess, and no one knew what would happen before it was played. Lucretia looked out the windows all around her, and they were the only windows that she had or wanted. Her unicorns were all gold and black and held every color in their skin. Her shoes were made of light and everywhere she turned, she lightning split the possibilities into serpentine rainbows. Everyone who came to seek her learned more than they wanted to know, but it was always what they needed.
Somewhere, Cecil sat in a soft plump chair and read a poem with no portents or signs in it, while Blanche chatted with Kat, and Sir Reginald looked on. Cecil ignored them, and turned a page, and made some notes. He sighed happily. Didn’t wonder a bit where Elizabeth had wandered off to. He was enjoying himself too much.
In that new world, somewhere, a girl breached the glittering waves of the sea and swam down to a pearl-filled city. The water was supple. Full of sights and smells and songs. The city of Nacre gleamed and drifted beneath the deep sea. A conch shell glimmered in its hidden heart. The sea folk, ancients as they were of the third sun, grumped and told her to watch out, because sure as pearl, there were still sharks in the sea.
Outside, in the breathless space before the sixth sun thought to itself its first breath, a young shepherd keeping watch on flocks by night saw the last star of evening wink goodbye. He breathed in and flew into the sky to follow the stars. The air folk, ancients as they were of the second sun, chattered and told him to watch out for sudden down drafts, because what goes up, still has to go down. 
Somewhere Charles thumb-wrestled with Suleiman for the fate of a Vienna of infinite spires. Somewhere the czar Ivan wasn’t terrible. Soldiers blinked at the swords that had become ploughs in their hands and set to tilling rich, deep soil.
Somewhere, there was a comedy act, Sigismund and the amazing knights, three nights only. Bring your own tomatoes. While Felipe wandered dazed and confused through empty El Dorado, his army straggled from golden street to golden house, gems littered the road so common that they had to use ears of corn for delicious currency. 
Somewhere, there was a black stone mirror in a cave beneath a restless city. Water dripped down through the cracks of the humming streets to splash the stone and slowly cover it in lime. Somewhere in that gleaming city, a hill teemed with birds and every other stone was made of song, every citizen an artist of the heart.
Somewhere, there was a world covered in dew that longed to dry its wings.
Somewhere, there was a cavern in the hills of an island kingdom that had been split in two. In that cave, two women looked at each other in the dim light trickling in from a door that had once been a tunnel.
Chapter 12: Epilogue --- Christmas Day
Obsidian looked around the empty cave. At the shattered spirals of mirror, now scattered stone on the floor. She said, “I don’t feel any different. But then, I never do.” She looked at Elizabeth. “You know, saving the old world was all your idea in the first place?”
Elizabeth shrugged. “I guess somewhere between being born and getting here, I changed my mind. I don’t remember.” Looked out at the hillside covered in white. “I can’t say as I care much.”
Obsidian rolled her eyes. “And they call me chaotic.” Put her hand on her stomach and felt the new little life inside her flutter. Smiled. “Charity, huh.”
Elizabeth shrugged. Held out her hand. Obsidian held out her own. They met in the middle, fingers wrapped around each other, palm to palm. They walked to the door. Outside red and white rose petals fell like snow from puffy white clouds.
As they stepped onto the petal-covered hillside, the sixth sun rose on a fragrant new day.

About the Author
Crystal Carroll lives in California in a Stately Manor (ok, more of a house) surrounded by attack squirrels (well, no fruit certainly survives).
Crystal rises before dawn cracks the sun to yoke herself to her keyboard, before heading to her job writing documentation and managing projects in the finance industry. That manual that you threw at the wall, she didn't write that one.
When not writing, Crystal can be found traveling and living the lifeamgood. She can be found on Google+, Facebook, Goodreads, and Library Thing.
Visit crystal-carroll.com to learn more about her writing. 
Other Books by Crystal Carroll
Blood Maiden 
In the City, gods from all mythologies mashup with the every day. Monster infested fog sometimes sweeps through the lunch hour. Occasionally traffic backs up because the Blood river overflows. Bicyclists can shortcut through the Sumerian underworld to City park as long as they don’t mind a few desiccated zombies gumming them. That’s life in the City. 
 
Blood Maiden, a Mayan death goddess, is starting her senior year at Himinbjorg High, where her skin, hair, even the shape of her nose mark her as an outsider among the teenage Norse gods. While at home in the Mayan Underworld, anyone who is invited as a guest must face a series of trials. The winners will gain a boon from the Death Lords. Since the heroes never listen to Blood Maiden’s advice, they end up trapped in the underworld. Meanwhile, Blood Maiden's parents think that she'd be a great death goddess if she just had a little more self confidence. 
 
Her friends have their own problems. Blood Maiden's friend, P.D., swallows a pine needle and gives birth to Raven, who keeps trying to steal the sun, moon, and stars stored in the hope chest in the living room. The twins, Isis and Nepthys, can't get any respect. Coatlique is impenetrable and isn't that fun to bring up on a date. While Princess Danae, Danny, has been lojacked by her father because of the "curse" that she's under. 
 
If Blood Maiden can just figure out how to deal with Zeus perving on Danny, how to ask Danny to the winter dance, all the tangled prophecies everyone is under, and her parent's expectations, just maybe she'll figure out what she's supposed to do with her life without killing anyone. 
 
Or they could all decide to be heroes.
Preview of Blood Maiden
A month before Blood Maiden started her senior year at Himinbjorg High, her best friend gave birth to a raven. Well, technically, that was when the egg hatched. P.D.'d actually given birth, or nested, or whatever you called it, a month earlier.
Blood Maiden got the call while she was doing her chores in the guest houses of the Xibabla.
The Dixieland ring tone echoed off the stone walls sending the razor bats into a demented swirl before they hid in one of the cabinets. Normally, she'd have turned her cell off when she was in the guest houses, because the razor bats could seriously not deal, but P.D.'d said the egg could crack any moment. Blood Maiden hadn't wanted to miss the call.
Last year hadn't been good for P.D. First her parents black-holed into divorce after her mother finally found her sealskin coat. P.D.'d gained about fifty pounds, although that might have been a half-selkie thing. Either way, life was like jungle orchids gone arctic for teenagers like them in a school full of athletic blond blue-eyed Vikings. Then to top it all off, P.D.'d gotten pregnant after swallowing a pine needle.
Their friend, Isis, said the City was like that, and her sister, Nepthys, went on about the general toilet flush of life, but Blood Maiden wasn't convinced. There had to be something better.
Her cell rang again, and the razor bats practically tried to merge with the ceiling. Blood Maiden bolted out the door into the front alley. "Hey."
"Hey," said P.D. Her "hey" sounded desperate.
"What? Is it time?" Blood Maiden looked up at the sloping stone above her, but the ceiling's shifting murals didn't really show her anything other than the glories of Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death, long may they slash, disembowel, and slay.
"Maybe. It's my parents." P.D. lowered her voice and Blood Maiden could hear the sound of a faucet being turned on in the background. "They're both here." P.D. sighed in a long low whistle with a little depressed hiccup hitch at the end.
"I'll be right over." Blood Maiden pocketed her phone.
Then she remembered that she really couldn't be right over. Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death had invited guests to play Pitz in the central ball court of the Xibabla. Guests that could arrive at any time.
She briefly hoped that the guests wouldn't show. Maybe they'd buy a clue from getting an invitation from people named Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death and then having to cross a river of scorpions, a river of pus, and a river of blood, and stay home.
Not that anyone ever did. The guests probably thought the names were just a funny coincidence. After all, “Death” was one of the twenty day names in the rolling calendar cycle, and it was pretty common for people to be named for the day they were born on. The Lords just happened to have been born on two of the Death days. Course, Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death took living up to their names really really seriously. It got so it was hard to remember that the words referred to the calendar at all. Well, except on their birthdays, when there were black and orange happy death day balloons everywhere, which inevitably got stuck in the carvings and at least a couple of the jaguars had to have their stomachs pumped.
For whatever reason, when Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death sent the giant owls with an invitation to play a game of Pitz, everyone always came.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw one of the wispy servitor-dead slowly drift down the hallway. She waved him over. "I'm sorry to ask you this, but it would be really great if you would help me and clean out the litter boxes in Jaguar house and . . . "
Before she got any further, the servitor-dead held up the pale memory of his mangled right arm and gave her a mute pleading look, which meant he'd probably been mauled to death in Jaguar House.
She could have made him do it. Her father was Master Blood Gatherer. She knew the words to command all the servitor-dead. She could have gotten a fresh one from one of the clay death jars. Not all the servitor-dead had died in one of the houses. Some of them died for having trash on their patios or staying out after curfew. But digging up a spirit not suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder would have taken a long count, and she really needed to get moving.
She waved the servitor-dead on his way and ran down the alley towards Jaguar House. She could skip Bat House—she'd almost been done there—but she really needed to clean out the jaguars' litter boxes.
As she opened the gold-embossed door to Jaguar House, a wave of musky stench rolled out. Dark Paw made his traditional escape attempt. Blood Maiden swatted him on the nose. "Cut it out. I don't have time." Dark Paw whined and sulked on a stone couch.
As usual inside Jaguar house, it was muzzle to rump jaguars. Missy Twelve Toes batted a pink ball at Blood Maiden.
Blood Maiden said, "Sorry, I don't have time to play today. The egg's cracking." She shoved her way through the jaguars—"Sorry. Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry"—until she reached the litter boxes at the back.
She quickly scooped the jaguar shit out and dumped it into two of the silver pails. Then she shoved her way back out.
She ran down the alley past a colorful mural of Father gathering brilliant pools of sinners' blood and opened the door to Fire House. She flung the contents of the bucket inside and winced as she heard litter box sand scatter across the stone floor. By morning, there'd be melted glass spatter all over, which was going to be beyond annoying to clean up. No time to think about that now. The murals around her frowned the Xibabla's disapproval, but really, nothing much she could do about it now.
She used her cell for a quick look at 511-Fog-Chek. It was sunny across most of the City with dense fog in the North Portal. Normal summer conditions basically. If she was going through the fog, she'd need some blades. Well, not according to her parents. According to them, she just needed to apply herself, but she wouldn't and couldn't, and whatever.
Inside Blade House, the blades stopped their slide across the floors and walls and ceiling. They turned as if one creature and rushed at her in a sparkling obsidian wave, crowding around her legs and jumping against her knees. Tiny red love cuts. She said, "Who wants to go for a ride?" But of course everyone did, so she gathered up two of her favorites, Blue Shadow and Hoppy, plus Chip on the End, because he hadn't gotten to go in a while. She put them in the old battered Speed Racer lunch box that she kept on a shelf in Blade House, just in case. She said, "Maybe next time," to the rest of the blades, who went back to pacing the walls. Blade House was one of the later guest houses and they hardly ever got visitors.
The blades rattled around inside the lunch box, excited about their trip. "Shh . . . if they hear you in there, they won't let me take you." They got really quiet after that.
She really wasn't supposed to take the blades out. They were for eviscerating guests and not for playing with. They, like everything else in the Xibabla, belonged to Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death. They, like everything else in the Xibabla, longed to go outside. She was careful not to let anyone see her take them.
She practically flew through the front entryway to her bicycle, which was chained up to one of the mannequins seated by the gate. Outside, blazing sunlight faded the colors of the quiet neighborhood.
Master Trash and Master Stab sat in their usual spots as they fried battered shrimp on the heated stone bench, which was for guests, so clearly they weren't worried about anyone showing up anytime soon.
Master Trash called out, "Hey, Blood Maiden, want a shrimp?"
"Can't. P.D.'s baby is hatching." She wrapped the long coil of her bicycle chain around the seat post. Then she carefully put the lunch box in the blue plastic basket that she'd attached when she'd assembled her bicycle. The blades inside the box didn't make a sound. Good blades.
She waved at Master Trash and Master Stab, who waved back, their mouths full of battered shrimp. The curlicue stone carvings around the great door waved at her, like hanging vines in a breeze. She yelled, "Bye."
As always, when she got outside, the sunshine hurt her eyes. But she got used to it pretty soon. Plus, she loved the way her muscles stretched as she started her ride. She'd thought about motorizing her bicycle, but then she wouldn't feel the earth give way to her feet. This was one case where faster wasn't better.
Except for the part where she was leaving forty minutes after she said she would.
She sped down the smooth asphalt through the painfully clean stuccoed buildings that surrounded the Xibabla. Even the red tile roofs gleamed without a trace of bird nests or spider webs. There were no birds in this neighborhood. Not even pigeons.
There were only silent people on their way to and from their approved tasks. Everyone walked on the sidewalk or crossed at the crosswalks. No one raced through yellow lights.
She didn't see any spiraling graffiti until she reached the edge of the Xibabla Neighborhood Watch territory at the Five Death Bridge over the Pus River. In the marsh at the river's edge, shirtless boys stood in the foul reeds next to their grazing elephants and stared at her silently.
They recognized the little red flag snapping on the pole attached to the back of her bicycle. The elephants didn't look up from their grazing. Her bicycle wasn't shiny enough to catch their attention. She waved. The boys with their elephants didn't wave back.
They wouldn't be here by the time she returned. The Lords wouldn't let them stay, and anyway, they had to keep moving to find new grass. At least this neighborhood didn't have any of the belching busses and zipping cars that irritated the elephants. They were only half trained by their teenage minders. There'd been a thing last year where an elephant decapitated his boy. Her classes had buzzed about it for weeks even though none of the boys went to any school.
She lost sight of them as she rode over the bridge.
The neighborhood on the other side was crowded with stained cement apartment blocks blinkered with black metal grills over tired windows. Diseased pigeons could hardly stir the energy to duck out of her way as she whirred by.
Street corners were peopled by dull-eyed men, amid the remnants of shattered bottles and crushed bone left when someone hadn't been quick enough when the fog alert made its call. There was a reason no one wanted to live this side of the Xibabla.
She felt the dead eyes of the men crawling over her skin and jewelry as she rode. She told herself that she shouldn't feel out of place. It wasn't like at school. She hadn't even known she was short until she started at Himinbjorg in freshman year. There her skin, and hair, even the shape of her nose marked her as some sort alien from another City borough. May as well be another planet. She should have fit in here. Pedaling down streets where everyone looked just like her. Except for their eyes, those were different.
Even the servitor-dead had more hope.
She didn't unlatch her lunchbox, though. The little red flag flapped and cracked in the breeze of her passage. The faded markings on her bicycle were a more subtle sort of warning.
She sped through the neighborhood. She pedaled past the bomb-shelter-deep Metro stop. She whirred past the empty convenience stores. No convenience here. She went down the slope past the fenced-in gas station. She kept going.
Until she came to the cement channel down which the mighty Blood River flowed. Today it was just a trickle. Although you could never tell when a god would kill a giant upstream and the blood would churn down the river in a bubbling froth wave.
Father could make the Blood River dance. All it did for her was splash stickily against her legs as she rode across the thin stream to the bicycle path on the far side. This was exactly what it should do.
She rode toward the ridge that marked the entrance to North Portal along the coast. She could see wispy claw fingers of fog reach over the top of the cliff and dissipate in the bright sunshine. A few wisps put out furtive fingers through the V-shaped pass where the C405 freeway cut through. Some days fog crawled through toward the Xibabla like a battering ram, but not today.
She finally came to the drainage tunnel that went under and parallel to the freeway. Before going in, she got off her bicycle and helped the blades down.
Hoppy spun dizzily on his tang. The sunlight sparkled off his edge like he was cutting it, which maybe he was. There were flecks of golden light in the Blood River. Nothing in the City was as sharp as the blades of Blade House.
But she couldn't waste time here. She rode into the tunnel, illuminated only by the bluish circle of light cast by the pedal-powered LED she'd installed when she'd built the bicycle.
Around her, the blades splashed through the blood and spun round and round inside the pipe. Something wet and viscous dripped on her face. They were having a good time. There were no rivers of blood inside the Xibabla.
They emerged out the far side into another cement channel bundled in roiling fog. She could hear something shrieking off in the distance. She could also hear the blades as they slid along the ground next to her. They wove in and out and around her in abstract patterns. She could tell from the way Hoppy skipped that he hoped something would attack them.
But nothing did.
The ground was littered with the bones of things that had attacked them on previous visits. She wondered if the blades thought of this section of cement as some sort of daughter colony of Blade House. Blue Shadow circled around a rounded rib cage and let Chip on the End have a slide through.
After a long count of pedaling, the old wrecked car emerged out of the grey—landmark for the ramp up the side of the channel behind P.D.'s place. She rode up to street level and stopped at a gaping tear in the chain link fence. She carried her bicycle over the sword grass and leaned it against the side door to the garage of P.D.'s house. She trailed her hand along the paneling so she wouldn't lose the building in the mist.
When she reached the short flight of pale blue stairs that led to the porch, she put the tired blades in their box, and went up to the white front door.
She'd hardly knocked once when P.D. flung the door open, grabbed her hand, and pulled her inside.
Blood Maiden had been to P.D.'s house lots of times, but still she felt dizzy at the speed that P.D. yanked Blood Maiden past the colorful entryway totem poles toward the narrow staircase. Blood Maiden stumbled forward and said, "Um, hello."
P.D. kept tugging. "We can't leave them alone." Blood Maiden gave up on helloes and went up the stairs two at a time. P.D. had her father's height and her mother's selkie muscle-fat mass, so it was follow or be dragged off her feet.
In the three flights of stairs, clustered family pictures of P.D. and her parents smiled from the walls. It was a study in contrasts. The sound of yelling spiraled down. P.D. dragged Blood Maiden faster.
As they reached her sea-foam-colored bedroom, P.D. shoved Blood Maiden through the door. "Look. It's Blood Maiden."
P.D.'s mother, Bridget, a short, heavy white woman currently sweltering in her inward-turned sealskin coat, pasted a smile on her face. "Hello, Blood Maiden." She grimaced briefly. "Here for the joyous occasion?"
"Umm . . . yes." Blood Maiden bobbed her head. "Hello . . . Bridget, Grey Eagle."
P.D.'s father, Grey Eagle, carved a smile onto his own face and re-crossed his arms.
Blood Maiden looked into the basinet. The large blue-brown egg jiggled slightly to the left.
P.D. sighed and squeezed Blood Maiden's hand. Everyone was silent for a long time as they stared at the egg. It wasn't exactly a comfortable silence, but it didn't feel like someone was about to get pushed out a window either.
It couldn't last.
Bridget fidgeted with a large basin of water, big enough to bath a toddler in.
Grey Eagle snorted. "You aren't going to need that."
Bridget said, "We might. My great grams on my father's side was a—"
"I don't want to hear about your great-grandmother again. Look at it." Grey Eagle jabbed the air in the direction of the egg. "It's going to be a bird."
"And what made you a biology expert. You work construction." Bridget sniffed.
"High steel," gritted Grey Eagle. "At least I do something more constructive with my life than harass local shipping." A little vein next to his right eye pulsed in a really unpleasant way.
P.D.'s hand on Blood Maiden's became a death grip. Blood Maiden sighed and said, "I got a card from Nepthys. She and Isis are still with their folks on vacation in Memphis." Blood Maiden puffed out a short sharp breath as Bridget and Grey Eagle stared at her. "Um . . . they went to Graceland and everything." Blood Maiden shrugged. "She really wished she could be here."
P.D. sighed. "Yeah. It'd. . . . " She swallowed. "It'd be nice if my friends were here."
Blood Maiden wished Nepthys and Isis were here, too. They could jump on the conversational grenades with her.
Bridget sniffed. "If we'd gone to the birthing grounds, you could have been surrounded by hundreds of your cousins instead of being stuck here alone in this cramped—"
"Bridget, don't start that again." Grey Eagle kicked the side of the basin. Water splashed over the side and onto the thick green carpet. "You wanted the house in the divorce. You got the house. All the family she needs is right here." He punctuated his words with splashing kicks.
"For as long as you're here, you mean!" Bridget shoved her hands in her coat pockets. "How long before you head out on another contract and leave all the work to me."
The vein next to Grey Eagle's eye continued to pulse on its caravan to an aneurism.
P.D. looked like she was about to cry. Blood Maiden said, "Um . . . want to see my blades?" Blood Maiden held up her lunch box. "They're sleeping right now because of all the sliding they did coming here."
"Your what?" Bridget's brown seal eyes got very round. Rounder. She was a very round woman.
"Sliding!" Grey Eagle brushed something off of Blood Maiden's face. She could see dried blood on his fingers and sensed the flakes as they drifted to the floor. "Blood Maiden, how did you get here?" His hands did this spasmy thing. "Did you ride your bicycle again? Through the fog?"
Blood Maiden got as far as "Um . . . " when the egg saved her.
It shuddered violently and then a tiny beak broke through the speckled shell.
Bridget grabbed a digital camera and started filming as the thing inside cracked the egg open and the ugliest little naked-blind-bird-thing ever pecked its way out.
Bridget stopped filming. "Ugly little monster." She smiled sourly at Grey Eagle. "Must be from your dad's side of the family."
He glared at her. "I'm not the one who turns into a seal."
"Ha. After I finally found my coat, you bastard."
"It was in the chest in the living room the entire time," said Grey Eagle through clenched teeth.
"Along with all the other things you have trapped there. What kind of ass keeps a sun, moon, and stars in a box? They should be flying free."
"They. Don't. Fly." Grey Eagle opened and closed his hands. "They were my father's and his father's and they are going to be P.D.'s. In the damn box!"
"Well, I'm out of the box." Bridget waved the camera at him. "And in the list of things that are cute, baby seals top the list. And that—" she pointed at the wet chirping bird—"is not cute."
The baby bird coughed a couple times and then chirped in a high thin voice, "Grams, come on. I'm so fugly, I'm adorable." Then he flopped himself around and said, "Hey, Mom, could use with a little food. Pecking out of that thing was a bitch and a half."
P.D. smiled dreamily at her naked bird baby. "Oh, he's a Raven." She picked a grub out of a plastic box, and ground it up in a little stone mortar. Then she dribbled the mush into Raven's open beak. The ugly-pink thing gulped it down.
Blood Maiden peered into the basinet. "Are you sure he's a Raven?"
Raven wallowed in his blankets and chuckled like a baby buzz saw. "Oh, I'm a Raven, all right." He ate another mashed grub.
There followed a long period of Raven eating his weight in grubs, Blood Maiden distracting Grey Eagle and Bridget from killing one another, and P.D. glowing happily. Finally, Raven gave one more burp and curled in on himself. Blood Maiden hoped this meant that he was asleep and not that they'd fed him so many grubs that he'd gotten an internal injury.
The blue whale clock on the wall said it was 4:24. It would be time for dinner soon. Blood Maiden said, "I should go."
Grey Eagle scowled. "Not on that bicycle, you're not."
"Shh, you'll wake the baby." Bridget's forehead creased a tidal wave between her eyes, "Grey Eagle, you should drive Blood Maiden home."
"Hmmm," Grey Eagle kind of rumbled. Blood Maiden could sense him suppressing the urge to refuse just on principle.
Blood Maiden wished that P.D. could drive her home. Grey Eagle had given her a rebuilt 1967 Dodge Charger with a 6.1 Liter V8 Hemi, upgraded power train, cold air intake, exhaust headers, and a flamethrower. Blood Maiden was in love with the Charger. Also, this would get her away from both her parents.
P.D., not the car.
The Charger was utterly cherry and Blood Maiden wanted to marry her. If, you know, that were even theoretically possible, which it probably was given the way the City worked, but if she could marry her then she wouldn't be the car that Blood Maiden loved.
Anyway, Blood Maiden couldn't figure out how to suggest it. At least they weren't going in Bridget's car, which was an energy-efficient box. Blood Maiden knew she should love the box, but the heart wants what the heart wants.
Blood Maiden followed Grey Eagle back down the stairs and waited in the garage while he went outside to get her bicycle. He carefully fussed her bicycle into the trunk of his Roadrunner, which was also very nice, but not the Charger. She patted the Charger's back bumper and waited. He went into a brief funk staring at an unused weight set.
She shifted awkwardly on her feet. Traced her hands along the colorful Haida symbols painted across the Charger's glossy forest-green body. The history of Grey Eagle's family going back ten generations spiraled under her fingers.
Finally Grey Eagle grinned. "Raven really is cute, in a butt-ugly sorta way." Chuckled and jerked his head toward the Roadrunner. "Get in."
Blood Maiden climbed in. The springs creaked under even Blood Maiden's small weight. She breathed in the smell of old leather and sweat. Then she put her seat belt on. In North Portal, it was more than basic car safety.
Grey Eagle hit the button on the garage door opener and the door shrieked open in seconds. The Roadrunner screamed out of the driveway as the timer slammed the garage door shut behind them.
The street was empty. Not that they could see farther than a car length ahead.
They sailed down the quiet streets to the cloverleaf on-ramp to the C405. A dark group of tentacle-somethings rolled into the street around them, but Grey Eagle sprayed them with a short burst from the right-side flamethrower and they scattered. On the freeway, they joined the other cars that roared down the shrouded lanes. The radar gauge in the dashboard indicated that there was a car twenty feet ahead and one thirty feet behind them, but Blood Maiden couldn't see them. Couldn't see anything. It was like they were the only people alive in the world.
Quickly they climbed over the ridge and burst out of the fog. Grey Eagle slowed to 80 mph. Blood Maiden looked back. A steady stream of cars flowed after them. She patted the car door to let it know that it had done excellent work. Not that she was anthropomorphizing or anything.
From the C405, they took the 15 toll road. As they came around Parnassus, Blood Maiden could see the coliseum where the Xibabla was located. Stone buildings at odd angles perched out the top of the curving golden stone walls. It hadn't been any sort of coliseum in a really long time, but the overall shape remained.
As they pulled up in front, Grey Eagle parked the Roadrunner in one of the always-empty spaces in front of the Xibabla. "You can't keep riding your bicycle through the fog like that. One of these days something might happen."
Blood Maiden shrugged. "The fog's not so bad."
Grey Eagle's mouth pinched like a file. He climbed out of the car and carefully pulled her bicycle out of the trunk. He opened his mouth to say something, but whatever he was going to say curled up and died in his throat.
Mother stood just inside the front gate in full court feathers, as far as she could go. The stone curlicues hung down around Mother and brushed against her arms affectionately. They hung down barring her way.
Father stood on the sidewalk, still wearing his jade mask. The brilliant quetzal plumes danced softly in the slight breeze. He should have looked small next to Grey Eagle, but he did not.
She could tell they'd been with Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death. A red and yellow pattern glistened on Father's right hand.
Blood Maiden sank down on one knee. "My father, the Master Blood Gatherer, my mother, the Lady Blood Snake, you may remember Grey Eagle of the Haida." She made a brief gesture toward Grey Eagle. "His daughter, my friend, Perspicacious Duck, was blessed today by the heart of the sky, Raw Thunderbolt."
Grey Eagle muttered, "I don't know about a blessing."
She raised the volume of her voice, but did not look up. "The child that she had of the pine needle that floated down from Raw Thunderbolt just hatched and I went with all haste in what state I could muster to pay Raw Thunderbolt honor." She placed her lunch box on the ground in front of Father's sandals and gently opened it. He'd find out anyway. "Grey Eagle brought me back that I might I throw myself on your forgiveness if I have in any way transgressed the will of Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death." She held one hand against her carotid artery to indicate the depth of her statement.
"Yeah, uh . . . " She could hear Grey Eagle shift his weight from one booted foot to the other. "Like I told you last time, I'm worried about your daughter riding through the fog." There was a long pause. "It's not safe."
She didn't look up. She did not need to. She knew the expression that Father's face would not show as he stared at Grey Eagle through his intricately carved mask.
A drop of bile fell to the ground and made a vivid splash on the white cement.
Grey Eagle coughed. "There're things that live in the fog." He shifted forward and back on his feet. "You probably know that."
Father's hand brushed down on the crown of her head and pressed down like the weight of a corpse. "Childhood's freedom is precious. The worthy bring honor to the Xibabla." His hand slid around her face, a single sticky finger pushing up. "There has been no transgression where Raw Thunderbolt is honored." She scrambled to her feet. "Thank you for bringing our daughter, Blood Maiden, home. We owe you a debt. Would you care to join us as our guest in the Xibabla?" He held out his blood-misted hand and pointed to where Mother stood.
Blood Maiden kept her face carefully still as she looked at Grey Eagle. She said, "I think P.D. said she wanted you to pick up some milk at the store."
Grey Eagle blinked. "Milk. Yeah." He turned to her parents. "Sorry to have to turn down your hospitality'n'all, but Blood Maiden's right." He rolled the bicycle forward into Blood Maiden's hands. "Pleasure." He stumbled back awkwardly, got in his car, and rumbled away.
Father looked at Blood Maiden a long moment. "As important as it is to honor Raw Thunderbolt, it is also important that we honor our invited guests. No more trips until the guest houses are clean."
Mother snapped her fingers and one of the servitor-dead gingerly whispered out onto the sidewalk. It picked her bicycle up in the memory of hands, floated up along the side of the Xibabla, and disappeared over the top. Mother's voice was the desert. "You will not need that until school starts."
"Yes, Mother." Blood Maiden bowed her head and followed Father inside.
~~~~
Eleven interminable days of repetitious preparation later, the invited guests finally arrived.
One-Hunter and his brother Seven-Hunter laughed as they came in the front archway and greeted the mannequins as Masters in loud booming voices.
Not that Blood Maiden saw them. She was in the alley outside the guest houses wiping down the stone slabs with a Swiffer. She washed the walls, and the carved and painted murals glistened and glowed with her attention. The Xibabla was alive in a way, or really actively dead, or something.
Out in the entryway, she knew the guests to this active dead place had greeted the mannequins because no one answered for several minutes. Master Pus and Father sat in the entryway that day. She knew the low rumble of Father's voice like the sound of mountains falling, but she only heard unfamiliar confident voices. The voices of men who did not know the love Lord One-Death and Lord Seven-Death had for silence.
She went into Ice House. An ice storm blustered in the dining room and blew sleet into her hair and clothes. She closed the cupboard doors in the pantry and locked them. They stored perishables in Ice House between visits. Her sandaled feet were pale numb when she came out.
By now, Father had greeted the visitors and had offered them a seat on the bench. No shrimp today. Father believed in the proprieties. He believed in the justice of the Lords of the Xibabla. The visitor's voices carried down the alley, bouncing like a heavy rubber Pitz ball on the stones. The deeper man's voice described their long journey down the mother road from their home in the desert. He must think Father cared. The lighter man's voice had a lilt at the end of his sentences as he described the rivers that they had crossed to reach the Xibabla. She could tell they'd never been to the City before.
She walked to Fire House and stood in the warmth of its blaze for several minutes until her clothes dried. She whispered to the flames and the flames whispered back. But fire tended to simple conversation.
She heard shrieking. She knew that they had sat down on the bench.
Then she went to the red door at the end of the alley, which opened on the broom closet of the Xibabla. She put away the Swiffer and pushed aside mops and buckets. Picked up her Pitz ball; the smooth rubber a welcome weight in her arms.
She climbed the narrow stairs, slim room for her feet on each steep rise, up to the ball court. There were other ball courts. After all, the guests must have played somewhere before they came to the Xibabla. But this was the only real ball court, the first court. The ever freshly painted stone walls carved with the images of the first game that flickered with the motions of the players. High above, almost to the opening where the reaching walls ended, the two age-slicked stone hoops framed the eye of the sky.
In the dull boom of the ball as it bounced on the smooth stones, she could hear the echo of Father's voice when he'd taught her the game. Before Mother decided that she'd grow old enough to be the Maiden. The guests played for the Maiden. The Maiden did not play.
She kicked the ball against the wall in a solid smack. Everything she couldn't say went into that blow. The ball soared high and rebounded off a carving of the white ball and plummeted back down.
She had no padded hip yoke. No hammer. No shin or wrist guards. She didn't care. She kicked the ball again. Again and higher and higher, she kicked the ball toward the hoop. In each dull boom, heard the echo of Father telling her the rules of the game, but those were just rules. Just, the law was all to him.
The servitor-dead came then, pulled by the familiar sounds. As she kicked, they began their own game. Pale men, their edges bled vaguely away as they acted out once more the games that killed them. Below her grey ball, the memory of the white ball fell from the carvings on the ball court's brilliant walls. The servitor-dead played against unseen foes. They played against hammers that bashed. The bone-white knife tumbled out of the white ball to once more slice the memory of necks and hearts. Then they'd pick up their heads and begin again.
She went faster then. Driven on by the memory of Father's earthquake voice. He'd told her how the hoops were the gates of the heavens, here in one of the few places in the crowded Xibabla where the sky could shine down the sun. While below, it was the sacred duty of the Lords of the Xibabla to play the white ball, which stood for winter and the moon.
The servitor-dead melted back into the stone as they were called to the tasks that guests brought. She played herself then, faster and faster, reaching for the heart of the game, to send the ball on through the hoop to Raw Thunderbolt, the heart of the sky.
But it was just a ball. This was not the first game. She had played by herself. Finally her grey ball fell to earth with a hard thud.
She stood there a long moment, her hands on her purpling knees, her breath blading through her lungs. She watched the sweat fall from her face onto the granite floor. Felt the damp limp hang of her dress, rank with herself.
This was her last summer. In a few weeks, she'd start her senior year. Her last year before childhood's end. Come next summer, she'd wear the mask of the Maiden and not just bear the name. The stones of the Xibabla would reach down as she came to the door and brush her cheek with such infinite affection.
She let go of her knees and picked up her ball. Swirled a drop of sweat on the ground with one foot into the symbol for hope. Crept down the stairs. Her legs trembled with stilled motion. She put her ball back in the broom closet and draped a mop in front of it.
She went out down the alleyway. The guests were in Dark House. She paused at its door.
She shouldn't go in. It wasn't as if she wanted them to win their boon. But still, she opened the door.
If was, of course, dark inside; except for flickering torchlight. She called out, "Hello. I'm Blood Maiden."
The taller man held the torch. She couldn't see his face. She never could. "Good evening. I am the mighty One-Hunter of Chupricabra. I was born on the day of One Hunter. My name means Lord as well as Hunter, and I am mighty." It sort of looked like he was making a muscle with the arm holding the torch, but it was hard to tell.
Blood Maiden rolled her eyes.
