







THE GHOST SCHOOL
Books by Stacey Keystone:

Alchemist series:
1. THE APPRENTICE'S PATH
2. ALCHEMICAL MAGIC

Marn Magical Academy series:
1. THE GHOST SCHOOL
2. THE GHOST BRIDE
#
Subscribe to Stacey's newsletter to get news of all her latest books:

https://staceykeystone.com/subscribe/








THE GHOST SCHOOL

Stacey Keystone













Copyright © 2020 Stacey Keystone
All rights reserved. The use of any part of this publication reproduced, transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, or stored in a retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the publisher is an infringement of the copyright law.
ISBN: 978-1-83988-003-2 (paperback)
eISBN: 978-1-83988-001-8
Published by Ellauri Press 2020








CHAPTER ONE


The best thing about working in Jemma's Waffle House was the free food. I could feel the smell of freshly fried waffles and the tingling of crispy fried bacon rashers as I was bussing tables. I looked forward to the meal I would get at the end of my shift. Jemma is generous with the food for staff, so I could always get extra. A group of teenage girls stood up, leaving a table that was an absolute mess. It's incredible what a mess teenage girls can make (teenage boys never surprise me). I looked at the table as I piled the plates to clear it up. They'd nibbled on most of the food, but I could see they left some bits untouched. I looked around.
The restaurant was full, as it usually is on Saturday mornings, but nobody was looking. I ate some of the untouched bits and resumed the clean-up. 
I tried to clean as quickly as I could, since customers come constantly on days like this one. Some drunks come to get a bit of food before they get to sleep; some come hungover after they find their fridge empty and no desire to cook. Jemma's Waffle House is family friendly, though. We sit all the less pleasant customers further away from the window and terrace area, where families come to have a nice, peaceful breakfast before going out for a stroll.
The tray, which I filled with the plates, was heavy. My hands had gotten greasy with the plates (they made a mess of the table), so I quickly carried the tray to the kitchen. Collecting some of the sponges and soap we use for the bigger messes, I went back to the table and quickly cleaned it. There will be new customers soon. We get a non-stop flow of people on Saturday mornings. People come for breakfast until lunchtime.
It was a sunny day. I could feel the bright rays of sun from the more interior part of the waffle house, almost blinding me. It's the kind of day sunglasses are made for. I could see quite a few of the customers who are sitting on the terrace are wearing them. We had some inside, too, but those are the hungover ones. 
I wasn't supposed to be on this shift, but Melanie called yesterday, as I was settling in bed. She was going out, and she asked me to take her shift. I never say no to extra shifts, so I came. The tips are decent on Saturdays, especially from the still-drunk crowd. Teenage girls aren't the best tippers, but families also give decent tips (although they give a lot of trouble, and always create a mess to clean).
However, I am assigned to the inside part of the restaurant. So I have to hope I get as many of the still-drunk customers as I can since the hungover ones aren't that generous. 
Here comes another customer. Jessica, who was in charge of the terrace, also arranged the seating, making sure she got the best customers. This one, a young, professional man (I'd give him 30+), she gave the teenage girls' table. While he could be a potentially generous tipper, single men don't make big orders, so the tip would be small, even if generous percentage wise. But people like that rarely give me much trouble. I took a menu, smiled, and approached the man.
"Good morning, sir," I said, giving him the menu. "What would you like to eat?"
He didn't even look at the menu.
"Bacon and scrambled eggs," he said, "and espresso."
"We usually serve that dish with waffles," I said. "They're included. Would you like them?"
"No," the man said, staring at my chest area a fixed, slightly scary stare.
Was he staring at my boobs or trying to read my nameplate? 
"I'm Amy," I said. "Amy Laurendeau. It's pronounced Loh-ren-do."
He looked up, now looking at my face.
"Well, Amy Loh-ren-do," he said, "are you bringing me my order or not?"
So he was going to be one of those customers that did create trouble. I smiled.
"Sure," I said. "It will take ten to fifteen minutes since the kitchen is busy. Would you like the espresso now or together with the food?"
"Bring me the coffee first," the man said.
After bringing him the espresso I brewed, I kept taking orders from the new customers and bringing the orders to the rest. Finally, that man's order was ready. I didn't tell the kitchen stuff to exclude the waffle. I looked around swiftly and slid the waffle into my pocket. I then put the plate on the tray and brought it to him.
"Here's your breakfast, sir," I said, smiling.
"Took your time, Miss Loh-ren-do," he said, making emphasis on my name.
"Enjoy your meal, sir," I said, not taking the bait.
I didn't expect any tip from this man, so why waste my time?
So, when I came to clear the table after he paid and left, I was surprised to see a twenty-dollar bill on the table. A twenty-dollar bill for an order of less than that! Well, that made me feel better than the stolen waffle.
#
After I finished my shift, I got to eat breakfast in the kitchen. Despite nibbling food here and there and getting some bites at the beginning of the shift, I was ravished again.
"Hello, Amy," said Gary, the head chef, when I entered the kitchen. The plump, short man shared my love of waffles and food, so he always treated me with affection. Most of the female waiters ate the salads we only had in our menu for people in big groups (who goes to a waffle house to eat a salad?). Gary liked those who appreciated his food, and he hated salad. He slid me a generous pile of waffles with cream and chocolate, with a side plate of bacon and scrambled eggs.
"If I didn't see you eat, I'd assumed you eat the same diet as Jessica," Gary observed, mixing the batter for a new order of waffles. "How do you do that? My wife keeps insisting I keep this," he patted his big belly, "in check."
"I do a lot of exercise," I lied, like always.
There is nothing fellow women hate more than a girl who eats a lot and stays thin. I always had an enormous appetite. I devoured amounts of food that would fit a rather large adult, even as a small child. My mother, who worked as a sales clerk at a clothing store, had to scramble every month to feed my outsized appetite. She had taken me to many doctors, and none of them could detect anything wrong with me. In a fit of desperation, she even tried to feed me less, giving me the amount of food more appropriate to a person my size and age. It didn't go well. Not only did I go on angry tantrums, but I also started to faint and lose weight. When veins became visible on my arms after just a week of the diet, my mother gave up, returning me to a diet of calorie-rich food.
"I guess your outsized metabolism is not that bad," she said once, while I was devouring a 16-inch pizza all by myself. "At least you'll always be thin."
"It would be nice if it wasn't this expensive," I agreed.
My mother had been struggling with cancer, and the need to spend money on the ginormous amounts of food I needed just to keep my energy stretched our budget. Even with supposed free medical attention on Medicaid, the fuel, the parking fees, the rent, and the utilities were way too much for a household where the only earner was a teenage girl. Mother couldn't work much, although she did what she could; I had to manage our budget, working extra jobs, and scrimping as much as I could on everything. All the food we ate was cooked from scratch; I bought the clothes in yard sales, and we rented a tiny apartment over a club, for the lowest rent you could get in town.
Mother sometimes considered going to Social Services to get help. But just the idea that they could take me away from her, for my own good, made me wake up with cold sweat at night. I never encouraged her, so she gave up on those intentions, as she was too weak to do anything on her own.
She insisted I study for my GED, though.
"You didn't ask me when you quit high school," she said then. "And I can't force you to go back. But you must get a GED. You're a smart girl; you should be able to get it on your eighteenth birthday. Promise me you'll do that."
"Promise," I said, to ease her mind. It's not like the exam is that hard; mother was right, I had been a good student before all this. I bought the textbooks at a yard sale, and studied them every evening, going over some things with her.
I kept my promise, even though I couldn't show her my degree. She died of the metastasized breast cancer that had been slowly killing her. 
"What kind of exercise?" Gary asked, taking me out of the flashback. "Maybe I should start doing that, too, if it works that well."
"I run ultramarathons," I said the usual lie.
Actually, I could barely run. When I was still going to school, PE requirements would sap all the energy out of me, making me hungry almost immediately. But I said I ran ultramarathons since nobody would consider asking me to join in that. Who wants to run over 26 miles in a morning?
Not me, that's for sure.
"Ah," Gary said, deflating. "I can't do that. The wife will have to live with the belly."
"Or she could keep nagging you," I said.
"That she would," Gary observed, sadly contemplating his marital life.
I finished the plates and put them on the pile of dirty dishes.
"Thanks, Gary," I said. "I'll be going home now, I guess. This shift was exhausting."
"Tell me about it," Gary said. "I still have a couple of hours left, before Mark comes."
"Have a nice day," I said, waving, as I went towards the exit.
#
When I arrived home, I took out the GED diploma. I kept my promise to mother.
It was time to visit her.

Despite the sunny summer day, the cemetery at our local church was quiet. Nobody liked to visit it unless it was for necessity.
I put my GED and a pot of white gardenias on mother's grave. The wind was weak, but the thin, weightless piece of paper almost flew away. I put the flowerpot on top of the diploma.
"Here, Mama," I said. "My GED. I promised I'd get it, right? Didn't even have to study that much. Which is a good thing, since I couldn't do it without you."
I could see my mothers' smile, smell the faint smell of her favorite peach perfume, and her hand patting my arm. 
"I don't even know what to do anymore," I said, as I felt my voice cracking. "I don't know what to do about a future without you. Alone."
The tears I was trying to keep inside me were released, and, as the first drop landed on my GED diploma, I felt the torrent of grief I'd been bottling inside me bubble up.
I stayed like that, crouching, crying over a flowerpot and a diploma, when I suddenly heard a voice behind me.
"Now you need to get a use out of your GED," the voice said. I felt a hand on my arm. "Go to community college. Or do an apprenticeship. Move on; that's what your mother would have wanted."
#
I turned around, the tears still running down my face.
"Pastor Mark?" I whispered in a croaky voice. 
He handed me a box of tissues, which I used to sneeze and dry my face.
"I haven't seen you since your mother's funeral," he said, with a hint of disappointment in his voice.
I wasn't religious, and, despite mother's attempts to convert me, I only went with her to mass to give her company.
"How long have you been listening?" I asked the pastor.
"Since I saw you coming," the pastor said. "Didn't want to bother you, though. So I waited. But it seemed to me you needed some guidance, so I came to talk to you."
I didn't like him butting into my business, but I was quite used to the small-town nosiness by now.
"I'd like to continue talking with Mama," I said, "if you don't mind, pastor."
"Of course," he said, directing his palm at me. "Take your time. But I'd like you to drop by the rectory when you're done. Your mother left me a few things for you."
"OK," I said. 
I turned back on him, kneeling on the ground in front of the grave. The grass hadn't grown yet, so the wet soil would ruin my jeans. I didn't care. I just hoped to talk with mother alone.
I think I heard the pastor leaving. I stared at mother's grey tombstone for a while, before I stood up, and shook the jeans at my knees, getting rid of the soil. I was curious about what mother had left me.








CHAPTER TWO


When I arrived at the rectory, Pastor Mark was waiting for me, with a steaming teapot, and a big tray of scones his wife had just baked. I greeted her and sat on the armchair in front of the coffee table in the pastor's living room.
Pastor Mark knew about my appetite. Mother had taken me to him several times, trying to exorcise the sin of gluttony out of me. The pastor, after observing the disastrous results of the brief attempt at dieting, advised her to let things run in their natural course. Besides, they didn't do exorcisms since they weren't protestant.
"God makes us different for a reason," he told my mother, gently, as I devoured a tray of doughnuts. "In your daughter's case, it's not gluttony that pushes her, but a need for nourishment. That her needs differ from others is just an example of God's mysterious ways."
After that, mother stopped trying to reign in my appetite. It made me like the pastor a lot more.
So he gave me a tray with 10 scones, while he only took one. He also gave me a big jar of jam to spread it onto the scones.
"Eat, my child," he said. "For grief takes a big toll on all of us."
I poured him a cup out of the teapot before I served myself. I always made half-tea: half cream, half tea, and a tablespoon of sugar. I felt how the warm drink warmed me on the inside, relaxing.
After I finished the tea and scones, the pastor took out a big folder, so full of stuff that it was exploding on its seals.
"Your mother frequently talked to me about you," he said. "And what she thought would happen after she died. She wanted you to have a better life than she did, so she told me to give you this when you're ready."
I took the folder, my hands shaking. The first thing I saw was a photo of mother in her youth, with a man embracing her shoulder. I took it out, examining mother's carefree and young face. Why did she leave it here? I looked at the pastor.
"She told me that is your father," the pastor said.
Mother had never told me who my father was. She always told me he was dead, or away, or traveling, or something. I looked at the man. His black hair, aquiline nose, olive tone skin, dark, penetrating gaze, high cheekbones, and heavy jaw. It seemed like I got almost nothing from him, inheriting my mother's softer, lighter eye color, her snub nose, and narrow face.
"Do you know his name?" I asked the pastor.
He shook his head.
"Your mother told me he introduced himself as Matt, but not his full name. She never knew much about him; he disappeared after you were conceived."
Mother got pregnant by a stranger? My church-going, pious, and puritan mother? I stared at the pastor in incomprehension.
"Margaret was a bit of a wild spirit when she was in college," the pastor said. "She converted when she came here. I still remember when she joined the church, full of questions and skepticism. But she has followed an unwaveringly Christian life since she joined."
I put the photo aside and checked the next document. It was her family tree. It seemed like I had an aunt who was still alive? I also left it aside, to check the rest of the contents. There was a notebook which I'd seen mother write in but could not find after her death. And a big stack of brochures for different colleges. I took them.
"Your mother was greatly saddened when you left school," the pastor said. "And she said she'd like you to apply to one of those schools. Or one of your choosing."
"It's too late for college applications now," I said. 
It was true. We were at the end of August; the study year will start in a week.
"You can apply to start in spring," the pastor insisted. "And you'd have the time to sort things. The student loans. As an orphan, you'd be an independent student, and qualify for the higher student loans. You've got a lot of paperwork to sort out before the September deadline."
"But I'm not sure I want to go to college," I complained.
"And what do you want?" the pastor asked, raising his eyebrows.
"I… don't know," I admitted. 
I had spent the last two years running around between jobs, accompanying my mother to and from the hospital, holding her head as she vomited after chemo, and making sure our budget worked, that I hadn't had time to think about anything that wasn't immediate.
I went back to work a week after the funeral, taking all the shifts I could, stuffing myself with huge amounts of food every night as I got asleep in front of the TV. I quickly repaid the debt I got to pay for mother's funeral, as I worked myself to the bone, and spent little, as had become my habit. I had no other debts (nobody would loan money to a minor, not even the skeeziest of loan sharks, so I couldn't get a loan when I most needed it). And I didn't inherit mother's debts; the creditors didn't even have anything to impound since mother left me nothing but her clothes and half-used bottles of shampoo, which she stopped using after chemo destroyed her beautiful hair. Since I relinquished all my rights to mother's estate, her sizable debts did not weigh on me. So, for an orphan, I was doing well, economically at least. I had two months' savings right now.
"I just want to find out," I said. "I've been living my life so close to the edge, I've never even had time to consider it."
"Well, now you got a chance," Pastor Mark said.
That triggered me.
"My mother's death is not 'a chance'! There is nothing good to find in sad things," I yelled, standing up at pastor Mark.
The pastor stood up and forcefully hugged me.
"I know, child. I know," he whispered, patting my head.
I started crying. The same torrent of tears I had released on mother's grave, but this time at the world, at the pastor, at all those people who just didn't understand. Who said things like 'This is a chance to reexamine your life', or 'Your mother wouldn't like to see you like this.' Didn't they know that all those empty platitudes just made me want to smash things and yell at the world?
The pastor's wife came in. She released her husband's hug and leaned my head on her shoulder.
"Sometimes, Mark… I don't even know how you can be a pastor," she told him, holding me. "Forgive my husband, Amy. He sometimes doesn't know what he's saying. Of course your mother's death is a tragedy. Things like that can never be opportunities."
That calmed me down a little, enough to release the embrace and start blindly grasping for tissues. I got some on my hand and dried my eyes.
"Now, sit down Amy," the pastor's wife, Joan, said, helping me sit down again.
I sat, using all the tissues to blow my nose. God, I must look awful. I put on makeup this morning. The horror running mascara and the tissues must have made of my face!
When she saw me trying to look at my face's reflection on a spoon, Joan, a fellow woman, understood.
"The bathroom is there," she pointed. "You can use my makeup remover to clean your face. Go, make yourself feel good."
#
As I wiped the runny mascara off my face, and washed off all the tears and snot, I looked myself in the mirror. My eyes were red and irritated, but at least I didn't look like a ghost anymore. I've never been pretty, nor ugly, but I must admit crying does make my face look a bit on the ugly side. There must be some disadvantages when you have a killer metabolism. My hair was also a mess; I did my best to sort it out with my fingers, making a new ponytail.
I emerged from the bathroom and overheard the last bit of conversation between the pastor and his wife.
"Don't put too much pressure on her, Mark," Joan said. "She's still a child. What she's gone through — to handle it with such fortitude. Just because she needs time to adjust, it doesn't mean anything."
"If she spends too much time in the groove," the pastor replied, "she'll get used to it. Some people get addicted to grief and make a shrine to the dead out of their own life. I don't want another Lynne in my congregation."
I could guess who he was talking about. Lynne Simas was the cat lady. Did she have some kind of tragic backstory?
Before I could overhear anything else of interest, they noticed me and fell silent.
"Are you feeling OK, Amy?" Joan said. "I shouldn't have left you alone with my husband. He can be too pushy sometimes."
"It's alright, Mrs. Gernsheimer. He's not the only one who's said that to me," I replied.
"But a pastor should know better," Joan said, looking at the pastor. "I'll stay here now. Give you some company. Do you want more scones?"
"No, thank you, that's alright," I replied.
I collected all the contents back into the folder. 
"I'll take this home," I told pastor Mark. "And I'll think about it. Thanks for being there for my mother."
"That was my duty as a pastor," he replied. 
As they escorted me to the door, Joan gave me some more of her homemade scones. 
"For dinner," she said.
"Thank you, Mrs. G," I replied.
"I'll be praying for you," she told me, sincerely.
I nodded. I didn't believe in God, or prayers, but it's nice to know people care about you.
#
At home, I took the folder out of my bag like it was a poisonous snake. Once it was on the kitchen table, I wondered what to do.
Mother didn't leave a will since it was clear that her estate had a negative value. She instructed me on how to reject an inheritance, when she discussed her arrangements with me. I refused to listen when she talked about it, so she left written instructions. Mother was very organized.
What should I do with all of this? I wondered, sitting on the sofa, looking at the thick folder. I realized I had the bag with the scones still in my hand. I would eat first. Maybe my mind would clear after that?
I felt in a much better mood after eating the tray of scones. Enough to open the folder and spread its contents over the table. I decided to start with the most harmless contents. I grabbed the college brochures.
As I thumbed through them, noting the parts mother had highlighted, I noticed a weird one. It had none of the glossy coloring of the others, but a simple note in gothic letters over white cardboard.

The Academy of Magic is inviting talented students of magic for its experimental distance course. Funded by scholarship. Interested apply by placing the advert under their head and saying 'I'd like to attend the Academy of Magic' three times.

It was a weird advert. I was sure there weren't any magic academies in this area, much less the US. But… This advert was among those mother left for me. What if she wanted me to attend this academy? And, besides, it's not like it would hurt anybody by following the instructions. 
The problem here was the sleep part. I had been getting to sleep by eating vast amounts of food and laying in front of the TV, staying up until the early noon hours. Getting to sleep just by placing a note under my head seemed impossible. 
Well, I guess if those are the last words I say before I go to sleep, it doesn't count how much time it takes before I get asleep. So I cleaned up the plates, showered, put on my light summer pajamas, lay on the sofa, and placed the card under my ear, as I said the stupid phrase three times.
"I'd like to attend the Academy of Magic, I'd like to attend the Academy of Magic, I'd like to attend the Academy of Magic," I said.
To my surprise, I felt the dark oblivion of sleep immediately after saying the sentence for the third time. Maybe I should keep doing this, just so I get to sleep better?








CHAPTER THREE


In my dream, I was standing in an enormous hall. The ceiling was up there, ten yards or so from my head. I'd never been in such a grand place. My subconscious must be telling me I need to travel. Maybe see an actual cathedral. But for the moment, I enjoyed the greatness of it, staring up to the ceiling, trying to see the detail of the fresco, which was a painting of people shooting rays out of their hands, towards a grand, gothic building. Figures; my subconscious must be very meticulous. The fresco is also about magic.
"Give way," I suddenly heard behind me. 
I turned to see guy of approximately my age, dressed in a weird cloak that covered his otherwise conventional costume. I moved aside, but, as the guy moved brusquely, he touched my hand… and went through it, giving me a slightly unpleasant tingling sensation there. Apparently, he felt it too, because he turned to look at me.
"What are beggars like you doing, standing in the way of the actual students of this academy?" he said, as he shook off some invisible dirt from his sleeve with visible disgust.
"I'm sorry," I said, despite not feeling guilty at all. One of the most important things you learn as a waitress is to pick your battles and let some things slide. But I made a mental file on this guy (I had a mental file on hundreds of customers, most of whom I didn't see more than once; but, if I saw them again, I'd remember them). 
He was one of those people. The type who thinks their position in life puts them above those who have to work hard to achieve even a quarter of what they get due to privilege and upbringing. I encountered them all the time in my job as a waitress (they're also bad tippers, unless showing off to somebody). It figures that I would find a guy like this in my dream.
I looked around. The hall was full of people, all of them wearing cloaks over their clothes. I looked at my attire. I was wearing the jeans and shirt I wore this morning. Well, at least my subconscious isn't making me go around in my pajamas (or worse, naked). How considerate of it.
I was here to enroll into this academy, right? Like mother would have wanted. But somehow, I can guess that my GED will count for nothing here. Nor my SATs (which I did in my sophomore year). Well, I'll do my best. Mother offered me more than one option, after all. I still had community college as an option.
I went around the room, avoiding the robed people, just in case they were all as snobbish as the young man I saw first. Then I saw somebody who looked like a teacher; an elderly lady who observed the entire room with falcon eyes, standing in the corner.
"Excuse me," I approached her, and she looked at me, startled. "Could you tell me where I have to go to enroll into this academy? For the distance learning course, with the scholarship," I clarified, as she still stared at me with confusion.
"Ah, yes, the new distance school," she said, now composed. "Go to the end of that corridor and turn right. You have to pass the exam first; once you pass, the secretary will help you with the paperwork."
"Thank you," I said, and walked (floated? Whatever, I still moved my ghost legs) towards the exam room.
#
I came into a room with a large queue of fellow ghosts (some of them were hovering an inch over the ground). I stood at the end, patiently waiting. Who would think I'd have to stand in a queue in a dream? But I was going along with everything. I kept observing everybody there, as the queue moved along. The people who were done with whatever was happening here scattered around the room, going one by one into a room, but without nobody going out. Do they send everybody back as soon as they're done? Then I need to enjoy this before I'm sent back, too.
I know that there's not a single chance I would pass an exam in magic. Dream or not, I know I'm not a magician. If I was, I would have cured mother. But I guess this dream is preparing me for the future or something. Learning to handle rejection, probably.
I smiled, looking around. I won't pass the exam, whatever it is (since I don't have magical talents at all), but I could enjoy this. It's the first time I've ever been out of Springfield (not that Springfield, but the one in Nevada). I haven't even been in any big city. I had to skip the school trip to D.C., because mother couldn't afford the price. So I pretended I didn't want to go, although I've always dreamed of traveling. Maybe I'll get to travel in my dreams, now.
The queue moved along as I looked around, absorbing the surroundings. The classic building style, the high ceilings, the weird robes, the beautifully tiled floor. I think I've seen pictures of similar floor styles in the travel books about Arabic countries. The floor should have clashed with the classic gothic, Western style walls, but it somehow all came together; the brightly multicolored floor and the pastel walls. I was admiring a particularly beautiful pattern on the floor when I reached the end of the queue.
"Name?" barked a frazzled middle-aged lady.
"Amy Laurendeau," I said. "It's spelled L-A-U…"
"I don't care how it's spelled, until you pass," she cut me. "You're number 10,354," she then grabbed my wrist and stamped the number. The stamp emitted a golden light that went through my entire arm, quickly subsiding. "Next!"
I shrugged, and stepped aside, mixing around the group of people waiting to be called into the exam room. I tried to approach several of the guys, but they checked my jeans, and looked aside, ignoring me. Maybe I'd have better luck with a girl.
A girl approximately my age was standing by the wall. Unlike the others, she seemed friendly, so I approached her.
"Hello," I said, extending my hand. "I'm Amy. Amy Laurendeau."
"Hi," she replied, shaking my hand. "I'm Yllana Daby. Are you applying for the distance school, too?"
"Yes," I said. "Although there seem to be over ten thousand applicants. It seems like it will be impossible. Do you know if I can get a tour of the school, anyway?"
"A tour?" she frowned. "Why would you want a tour?"
"Well, I've never been out of Springfield," I said. "Never even gone to a college campus visit. But some of my high school friends went on a tour of some of the colleges they wanted to attend. I'd like to check out this place, too, even if they reject me."
"I don't think you can do that," she said. "Supporting our ethereal projection is costly for the academy's magical accumulators, so we are limited to the Main Hall and this exam room. You'll only be able to see more if you're accepted."
"Oh," I said. "That's such a pity. Well, at least I'll have something to tell my grandchildren about."
"You don't think you'll be able to get in?" Yllana asked, with curiosity.
I shook my head.
"No chance," I said. "I've never even heard of magic. I thought the brochure I saw was a prank of some kind. But even knowing that it's true, and the academy exists," I said, waving my hand around the room in general, "I still could not attend, since I've practiced no kind of magic whatsoever."
"No magic? At all?" Yllana asked. "Not even magical outbursts as a kid?"
"None," I replied. "I'm not even sure I'm a magician at all. Could I be here by accident?"
"That's impossible," Yllana said. "You couldn't have come here if you didn't have some magical talent."
"Well, that's excellent news, I guess," I said. "Although I don't know what I'll do with it, once I'm back in Springfield. We don't have any witches there."
"Is your world called Springfield?" Yllana asked. "Never heard of it."
"World? You mean planet? No, my planet is called Earth," I replied.
"Oh," Ylanna said. "It seems like your planet is one of those outside the Confederation of Worlds."
"Must be," I said, "since I've never heard of this so-called Confederation."
"Good luck," Yllana said. "Since quite a few of the students applying to the academy are magic school valedictorians. I'm intimidated, as well. I've been homeschooled all my life, so I can't compete with all these overachievers."
"Well, I hope you get in," I said, "since you seem so much nicer than the rest. They wouldn't even talk to me, can you imagine?"
"That's because the competition is so fierce," Yllana said. "There are about a thousand applicants per spot."
"That's an 0.1% acceptance rate," I said. "Not even Harvard has an admission rate that low. But at least applying here is free. Because it is, right? The brochure said nothing about paying an admission or exam fee."
"It's free," Yllana allayed my fears. I hated debt, even dreamed up debt. 
As we were talking, Yllana's number was called. She nervously headed towards the door. 
"Good luck," I wished her.
Judging by Yllana's number, I still had some time for my number to be called. So I went out of the room and headed towards the main Hall. I had to check it out.
When I went back, I saw the elderly lady who showed me the way before standing by the arch.
"You again?" she asked. "Didn't you find the way?"
"I did," I confessed. I showed her the stamp on my wrist. "But since I have to wait so long, I decided to see this hall. It's unlikely I'll ever be here again, and I'd like to check out the architecture. I'll start with those statues," I said, pointing at a group of statues on the opposite side of the hall.
The lady looked in the direction I pointed.
"You want to see the statues of the founders of the academy?"
"Sure," I said. So those were the founders? "And then I'd like to go around, to see everything I can. It's my first time here, you see. I've never seen such a grand place."
"Well, go ahead," the lady said. "Might as well."
I headed towards the statues, maneuvering between the people. I'd figured by now that, despite my ghost ability to go through people, it didn't feel pleasant, to me, or to the people I went through. There were many people in the hall, though, and it's not like I could tap their shoulder or anything. They were rude, and mostly ignored me when I said 'excuse me', or 'could you please let me go through?'. That's how I ended up in the part of the hall with the most people, stuck among the crowd. People were signing up for the academy here. I stood by the table, observing. They'd approach the table, write their name, and hand in a check, which was scanned with a round stone that looked like an eye.
The queue spit out the guy I had an encounter with. He confidently strolled in, handed in his check, and said his name.
"Martinus Novak," as if everybody was supposed to know who he was. 
By the looks of people around, they did. The secretary was unimpressed, though. I guess she encountered all kinds of famous and rich people. She scanned the check (Martinus didn't seem to like somebody distrusting his check) and said "Next."
So that's the guy's name. 
It had taken me so much time to navigate between the students; I figured my turn would be soon. I couldn't miss the show my exam would be, right?
I run back to the exam room, this time going through people if they didn't respond to my polite requests. Some people swore.
"Beggar mongrel," I heard. I looked behind, but then the number on my wrist became red, hurting me.
I run towards the exam room and entered the room out of breath. I stood there, panting, staring at the four people in front of me. There were three men, one old, two middle-aged, and a young woman, staring at me like I was an insect.
"So, number 10,354," the old man said. "Show us what you've got."
"You mean, my magical talents?" I asked.
"Yes, obviously. It's a magical academy, isn't it? And don't make us waste our time, we already waited for you."
I shrugged and tried to think of some magic. I saw the guys on the ceiling with rays from their hands, right? Maybe I could do the same if I closed my eyes and imagined it. I closed my eyes, trying to vividly imagine a ray of fire going out of my hand. I felt my hands tingling, my fingers warm.








CHAPTER FOUR


"That's enough," I heard. "That's a rather mediocre attempt at fire magic."
I opened my eyes. My hands were emitting a ray of fire, but it was faint, almost transparent. Still, good for somebody who's never heard of magic before. I admired it for a bit when my fingers felt a bit too hot. Dream or no, this shit is dangerous! So I threw it away, and it quickly popped in the air.
"Would you like to try anything else, number 10,354?" the young woman asked.
"I'm Amy," I snapped. "And it's rather rude not to call me by my name. I'm a person, too. No, I don't think I can show you any other magic."
"Then you should leave," the young woman said.
I shrugged.
"Can I see the hall before I leave? It's so beautiful… And it's my first time seeing such a great place," I said.
"You can't," the old man said, in a slightly weird voice. I looked at him. His gaze was glazy, and he looked quite sick. We had an old man like him once in our waffle house, he sat there with the same expression. He was having a stroke, and he had to be taken in an ambulance.
I approached the table and grabbed the man's wrist, checking his pulse. It was strong but quick. At least his heart was beating.
"You should get checked by a doctor, sir," I told the old man. "You could be having a stroke. Do you feel pain in your chest? Shortness of breath? Blurry vision? All those things could be a sign of a disease."
He took his hand out of mine. His eyes regained their color, his face became rosier.
"How did you come here?" he asked.
"Here? I just put the brochure under my head and said the phrase three times. Like everybody else, I guess," I replied, not sure what he was asking.
"No, not that," the old man said. "How did you cross the barrier?"
"Barrier? Which barrier?" I asked, confused. "I was told I wasn't supposed to go beyond the hall and the exam room, and I didn't. I saw no barrier anywhere."
"The barrier between the exam room and this table", the young woman said.
"There was a barrier?" I asked. "I didn't notice anything. I'm sorry. But you should still get yourself checked," I told the old man. "I'm sorry for being nosy, but you need to take care of health issues at your age."
"Miss Laurendeau," the old man suddenly said, even pronouncing my name correctly (what about the number thing?). "Please step back to where you were while we discuss this."
I shrugged and went back to where I was before that. The Rector waved his hand.
#
They started talking about me as if I wasn't there. So rude. But then, it seemed like it was a common trait among magicians, so I shrugged it off and listened to what they were saying about me. The in-your-face manner they did it in was quite refreshing.
"Her fire magic was rather weak," the young woman said.
 "But did you notice how she crossed the anti-magical barrier? She wasn't supposed to be able to do that. And then she tried to use healing magic on me while I was scanning her aura. Quite powerful healing magic, too. I feel quite energized," the old man said.
So he wasn't having a heart attack? That's quite embarrassing.
"She seems to have no idea what she is doing, though," the middle-aged man on the right said. "And, Rector Faine, don't we have a lot of more promising students? Those who know how to use magic."
"We pumped them to the top with magic for a reason," the old man, who must be the Rector, said. "And she seems to have some hidden talents. Aren't we looking for rough diamonds? Most of these," he said, holding a sheet of paper with lots of scribblings, "are polished rocks. They'll do moderately well, but they won't ever stand out. And the Academy has always been a place for exceptional magicians."
"It will be hard on her, though," the middle-aged man on the right said. "Magister Basara and Dean Finster are right; solid skills are more important than obscure talents."
"While you make a good point, Gwyr," the old man said, "let's give her a chance. If she fails badly enough in the first quiz, you can kick her out and give her spot to one of the people on your list."
"But why waste any time on her?" the young woman said. Is she the Magister or the Dean?
"This is my final decision, Edolia," the Rector said. 
He then turned towards me. I had been looking around the room, pretending I wasn't hearing anything; I wanted to make at least an appearance of manners. Somebody in this room had to.
"Well, Miss Laurendeau," the Rector said. "You're accepted. Go talk to the secretary, she'll instruct you."
I smiled.
"Thank you, Rector Faine," I said, before walking towards the exit. "I'll do my best to deserve your trust."
When I exited the room, the frazzled secretary who stamped my wrist looked up.
"So you were accepted," she said.
"Yes," I said.
"Give me your wrist," she said.
As I extended my wrist towards her, she deleted the stamped number by waving her hand over it and gave me a round pendant made of tiger's eye. 
"That's used to communicate," she said. "And to attend the Academy. Just use it like the brochure to come here. The code phrase is 'I want to go to the Magical Academy'. What is your name?"
"Amy Laurendeau. L-A-U," I started spelling it again.
"I can spell your surname, don't worry. Look," she showed me the notebook. I looked. It was written in some weird alphabet that I could recognize for some reason. An alphabet that seemed to be phonetic instead of the weird English way of spelling things. 
"How should I see the messages?" I asked, hanging the crystal around my neck.
"Simple," she said. "Just touch the center of the crystal, and you'll see the message."
"And how will I know there's a message?"
"It will heat up," she said, now more annoyed than before. "Now, go back home, I don't have time to deal with you. Come when you're called to register, and everything will be explained to you."
"And how am I supposed to leave?" I asked, right before she waved another crystal at me, and I went into a comforting, dreamless sleep.
#
When I woke up the next morning, I felt more rested than I'd felt in a long time. I was thankful for that brochure and the weird dream. As I stretched, feeling all the muscles in my body release the tension, I walked around the apartment. 
It was Monday, and Jemma's was closed. So I could dedicate this day to something else. Before, I'd have spent it on some other part-time job. But the pastor was right. I needed to move on with my life and start planning my future. Wasn't that the message of my weird dream? I could succeed in everything, even magic, if I tried. I'm a very hard worker.
I looked back at the sofa. I had been sleeping on the sofa, despite having a perfectly usable bed, because, in my mind, the only bedroom in this tiny apartment was still mother's. It was time to clear up the house and get rid of all the emotional baggage attached to the things. But first — like always — I had to eat. After munching a breakfast of five eggs and a plateful of bacon, I was ready to deal with everything.
I started by throwing away the half-used bottles of mother's shampoo and hair products. I never used them, despite my general stinginess, as I always thought mother could use them later. By now, they were hopelessly expired. I chucked them in the rubbish bag. After sorting out the bathroom, I headed towards the bedroom. Some things that were in a good state and reminded me of the better days, like my mother's cashmere sweater, all her jewelry, and her books, I put in a small to keep pile. Everything else, I sorted into two piles: good enough to be donated, too worn/stained/torn to donate. The donation pile was small. But it included a couple of wigs (good quality wigs are very expensive, let me tell you), so it was still worth the trip to the charity shop. I didn't want to keep anything that reminded me of the bad years. 
I double bagged the donation pile and headed outside. The charity shop was walking distance from my house. There are benefits in living downtown, even if it's the crappier and seedier area. 
The day was beautiful. Sunny, but the gentle breeze cooled the air to make it comfy. I didn't even break a sweat hauling the bag across town. There weren't many cars on the streets. Springfield is quiet between peak hours. So, instead of exhaust fumes, the air smelled like the bad parts of town usually do: urine and pot. 
I saw Joan, the pastor's wife, when I arrived at the charity shop. I forgot she frequently volunteered here.
"Hello, Amy," she said. "I see you brought some stuff for donation. Is it your mother's?"
"Yes," I replied, opening the bag. "There are a few of her clothes, plus her wigs. The wigs are valuable," I told her.
"It's good to see you moving on, Amy," Joan said, taking the bag. "Thank you for the donation. Do you need a receipt?"
"Why would I need a receipt? I don't itemize, since my income is so low, I don't even have to pay taxes," I smiled, bitterly.
"I see," she said. "Well, go on, then. You should consider doing what Mark told you, though. A bright girl like you shouldn't spend her entire life as a waitress."
"Thank you, Mrs. G., for your good intentions," I replied. "But I'd like to decide on my life myself. Not even mother should be allowed to make such decisions for me. Especially not beyond the grave."
"It's good that you're starting to move on and change your life," Joan said. "But don't go overboard. Take things more slowly."
"I'll try, Mrs. G," I said. "I'll go back home now. I want to sort out everything today."
I left the charity shop without banging the door.
The condescension, and the attempts at sincerity, of people who just didn't, couldn't understand what I was going through, pissed me off. Telling me not to go overboard, from a woman with a full family (her parents were still alive, and were wonderful people), to an orphan… Well, I just wanted to do something to spite her. Spite the world. As I was trying to decide what to do, I walked by the hairdresser and stopped.
I never had a teenage rebellion phase. No sex, drugs, alcohol, tattoos, piercings, nothing, just work and running around making sure we survived. I wasn't too interested in changing all that now, but there was something I always wanted to do as a girl, and mother wouldn't allow. So I went into the salon, checking my wallet. I had two hundred dollars there. That should be more than enough for what I had in mind. It's not like they have high prices in a small town like this.
I had quite some time to reconsider as I sat down, waiting for the customers with an appointment to be done. There weren't that many customers today (the peak day is Sunday morning, before church).
I didn't reconsider. So when the hairdresser asked me what color I wanted to dye my hair, I responded without hesitation.
"Blue."
#
The small, good-girl rebellion made me feel good. I had to spend a lot of time patiently waiting for the hairdresser to brush every lock of my hair, and some time under the hood, but, when I exited the hair salon, I had an electric blue mane. I couldn't put this glory into a ponytail, so I left it out. It was nice to feel the breeze in my hair. I headed home. I still had quite a few things to sort out.
When I arrived home, I put my hair in a ponytail, covered it in an old T-shirt, and put on some rubber gloves. It was time for a deep summer clean.
Since the time of the last cleanup, the cooker hood had become greasy. As I left it soaking, I sprayed the oven, coughing because of the painfully acrid smell. Still, I had to get rid of the dark burned crust on it. After opening all the windows, I headed to the bathroom. It was time to clean the cabinet and remove the limescale.
By the time I was finished, and lay, exhausted, on the sofa, the apartment was as clean as it could be. It wasn't shining; old furniture and worn laminate don't shine. But it was spotless, and, although everything smelled of chemicals now, clean. The windows were transparent for a change (that won't last, but I was inspired). I showered and ate dinner. Since I'd gotten tired with the cleaning, I just made myself an enormous bowl of oatmeal porridge and mixed it with jam, to add flavor.
I switched on the TV, lazily browsing between the channels when I felt something warming on my chest. I looked; the tiger-eye crystal appeared there, the eye in the middle of it was gleaming. I took off the necklace. I was supposed to touch the eye, right? I carefully touched the center. A note appeared on it, moving along the crystal.

Miss Amy Laurendeau to come for registration now.

I put the crystal under the pillow and said the magical phrase.
"I want to go to the Magical Academy," I repeated three times. It never stopped surprising me how quickly I would go to sleep with magic.
#
When I appeared in the main hall, it was not as full as yesterday. Only a few people with cloaks were around. I checked myself. I was wearing today's clothing, but with a cloak on top. The tiger-eye crystal necklace was laying on my chest. It warmed up again. I tapped it.

Go to the same room where the exam was held.

Well, at least they were providing me with clear instructions, unlike yesterday. I went towards the exam room. 








CHAPTER FIVE


The room was full. I headed towards the secretary who was sitting at the table, with nobody beside her.
"Good morning, Miss Laurendeau," she said, making another note on her notebook. "You're registered now. Give me your vizor."
When I stared at her in incomprehension, she pointed at the pendant.
"Give me that," she said.
I handed her the vizor, and she waved it over a larger crystal.
"I have loaded your schedule into the vizor," she said. "Now, you just have to wait for the Dean of the Distance Department to give his introduction speech."
I nodded and looked around. I saw Yllana and headed towards her.
"I see you got admitted," I said. 
She smiled. 
"Hello, Amy. Glad to see a familiar face," she said. "I see you passed, despite not knowing magic?"
I shrugged. 
"The Rector said he'd give me a chance," I explained. "But if I have issues, they'll kick me out."
"You'll need to study very hard," she said. She waved her hand around. "Do you see all these people? They're all super competitive. Most of them spent all their lives doing their best to study magic. If you come from a world with no magic, you'll have a lot to catch up on."
"I guess," I said. "But I'm quite used to working hard. I don't understand how I'll study with this distance thing, though. How can I take notes? It's not like I can bring my notebook or take books home."
"That's what the vizor is for," Yllana said. "It can record lectures, and you can also record yourself reading a book. Ours are quite limited in memory, so you'll need to copy the recordings quickly."
"Record? How?" I asked her. 
She showed me how to reach the menu, and we even made a few short recordings and played around with it.
"How do I make it appear?" I asked. "Because it was invisible for most of the day."
"Focus on it," she said. "It will appear immediately."
"Thank you so much," I said. "I wouldn't be able to figure it out without you. Everybody else is just focused on themselves," I nodded towards our ghost classmates, who were all standing on their own.
"That's because of the competition," Yllana said. "The number of scholarship spots for the second year is much lower than the first year. They think of everybody as competition."
"Ah," I said. 
I only knew a few people who were so competitive. Our town's medical students. They have to study this hard degree, spending tons of money on it, for a chance to become a doctor. Because the number of residencies is small, they have to compete like crazy with each other. We have three in Springfield. They return for the summer and sometimes come to Jemma's to study. I've never seen them co-operate or help each other. They always sit as far apart from each other as possible, each occupying a different table. They're not good tippers, either. But maybe that's just our medical students. Springfield's doctor is quite a nice chap, after all.
"Well, I don't want to be like that," I said. "I think we can learn a lot more if we help each other and cooperate. Competing doesn't mean being assholes to each other."
"That's what I think, too," Yllana said. "But I'll still study like crazy. I need the spot for the second year."
"I will too," I said. "I like coming to this academy. I always feel so rested in the mornings."
"That's because of the high concentration of magical energy," Yllana said. "You absorb it easily since there's so much. Your body doesn't have to collect drops at home."
Before I could ask anything else about this magical energy, the Dean entered. It was the man the Rector called Gwyr.
"Good morning, everybody," he said. "I'm Dean Lienauer. You're the first students of the experimental Distance Department. This is a very important experiment. You need to do your best, everybody," he paused my eyes on me. I guess he thinks I will drag his experimental department down. "You need to select a class representative," he said, "since I don't have the time to deal with all your complaints. Just don't make trouble."
And with those words, he left.
"And that was a speech?" I asked Yllana, with incredulity. 
We sometimes had people say speeches at Jemma's. It was one of the more decent restaurants in town, and many big events, like city council dinners or even wedding receptions, happened there. I've seen my share of long, short, drunk, boring, funny, but mostly tedious speeches. This one couldn't even be called a speech; it was so short and to the point.
"I guess he doesn't want to waste any more time with beggars like us," Yllana shrugged. "Let's go to the Magical History class now. It's going to start in half an hour, according to our schedule."
"And how do you see the schedule?" I asked again, as we headed out of the class, following the crowd.
She showed me. It seemed like the vizor was a very multifunctional object. 
"Do you think there are books in the library that explain how this thing works?" I asked.
"Are you kidding?" she asked, staring at me with incredulity. "It's the library of the Academy of Magic! Have you been living under a rock or something? There are rumors that the library has every book about magic in existence."
"Wow," I said, suitably impressed. Springfield's library was a lot smaller. I had gone through all the science fiction and fantasy bookshelf by now. But then, the entire library was around a thousand square feet. With most of it taken by children's books, cookbooks, and encyclopedias, not much space was left for the good stuff. "I'd like to see that. It must be huge."
"It is," Yllana said. "I'd like to go there. We won't be able to borrow any books, but we can always dictate the contents to the vizor. Oh, and I forgot to tell you, you can also record images. You need to use this option," she pointed at the function in the vizor. 
"I'll need to perfect my drawing skills, I guess," I said. "Since I'll need to copy all the illustrations by hand."
We arrived at the classroom by now and were standing outside, making a corridor towards the entrance door.
"Why aren't we going in?" I asked.
"We don't need seats," a guy next to us told me. "So, we will need to enter last. We'll just have to stand on the stairs. It's not like we'll get tired of standing."
Wow. Just… wow. It seemed like this world had not gotten the memo on equality and democracy, yet. Although what equality, in a world with people who are magicians and those who are not? I contemplated what would have happened on Earth if we had a group of people with superpowers who thought they were superiors to everybody else. Considering that many didn't even need a superpower to think so and do terrible things to those they considered inferior…
And it seemed that all my classmates, my super-competitive, smart and talented classmates, had interiorized that. Before I could say anything, though, the rest of the students came. They all passed by looking at us like we were dirt. Martinus Novak also came, with an even more superior expression, if that's at all possible.
When all the students had entered and were seated, it was our turn to go in. Everybody just scattered around at the stairs. Since I was one of the last to enter, I was standing at the base, right beside the row where Martinus was seated.
The Professor came in.
"Good morning", he said. "I'm Ber Alday, your History of Magic professor. I'll be starting with a brief introduction to some general concepts of Magic you'll need to understand our history."
I switched my vizor on, recording the lecture. General concepts or no, it was all going to be new and interesting to me.
"As you may know", he started. "Magic has been practiced since the dawn of civilization, but formal practice only began two thousand years ago. Every living organism produces a bit of magic to survive, but some do more than others. Scientists currently suppose that the legendary dragons were exceptional in generating magic, although the proof of it is only circumstantial. Magic levels were said to be especially high when dragons roamed around the worlds, moving from world to world by breaking the barriers between the worlds. It is believed that the magical portals between worlds, which are created in the areas where the barrier between worlds is the thinnest, were put in places the dragons had gone through before. But, other than fossilized skeletons, there is no evidence that dragons ever roamed the earth."
Wow. Dragons. Are they the same as dinosaurs? Did we have dragons on earth, too? There are certainly a lot of legends about them, both good and bad. I looked around. My classmates, both the ghosts and the full-bodied ones, showed as much interest as my high school classmates did during the most boring classes. I guess they already knew all that. Dragons aren't that cool when they're the subject of obscure philosophical research you're forced to study.
"Currently," the professor continued, "magic is produced by trees and animals. It is then released and accumulated into magical streams, which at some places create lakes or areas with a high concentration of magic. The Academy was built on such a lake. Most magicians absorb the magic from outside and learn to accumulate it inside them. There are, however, exceptions: magicians that can generate their own magical energy. They don't need external sources, so they can use their magic even in worlds that are isolated from the net of magic streams that goes between the worlds".
I guess Earth is such a place. Although we did have dragons — dinosaurs — at some point, so maybe there was more magic on Earth before?
"That's where the division between higher and lower magicians lies," the professor continued. "Higher magicians can generate their magic and accumulate high amounts of it. Their bodies, unlike the bodies of lower magicians, don't get damaged by high concentrations of magic, since they produce it and are thus accustomed to it. This means that those of you who aren't higher magicians won't be able to do the higher levels of magic we teach at this academy."
He looked around the room, giving an especially piercing glance to us, the distance department, and a much kinder one to the row where Martinus Novak was seated. I guess that rude prick is a higher magician. And I am a lower level magician.
"Higher-level magicians were at first almost like ordinary mages, but a bit stronger, and with a slightly better ability to regenerate. But with time, many started to notice those qualities get inherited. Magical inheritance does not work like genetic inheritance, though; the mechanisms are different. Mothers who carry their children in their womb while using and practicing magic develop their children's magical capabilities. It is theorized that blood memory passes on magical capabilities through generations. Fathers also transfer a part of their magical abilities, albeit a smaller one, to their children. But carrying a magical child is dangerous to non-magical women. That's why relationships between magicians and ordinary people are banned." 
He said that relationships are only dangerous to ordinary women, not men. That means I get to have a boyfriend, right? Although they banned it for everybody… Considering the level of condescension and contempt they showed towards us, low-level magicians, they must despise ordinary people. 
It's probably just racism… Are magicians a different race? This lecture was raising so many questions.
"After giving birth, women's life gets reduced to less than a decade. They get so used to having magic flowing through their bodies, that their bodies cannot live without magic anymore. They need it, but they can't produce it or absorb it. The only way to help those poor souls live a bit longer is to have a Healer pump them with magic all the time. But even that only buy ten or fifteen years, max. After that, they die of horribly painful diseases that rot them from the core. Magic is dangerous, and those who haven't evolved to handle it cannot tolerate it in big doses. Even excessive healing can be dangerous. That's why we try to use ordinary doctors instead of healers whenever possible for our ordinary patients."
Wait… I am, apparently, a magician. My mother died of, as the professor said it, 'a disease that rots them from the core'. Was it because of that? But then, he said that a Healer would have to maintain her life. And there was no Healer in Springfield. How could my mother have survived this long, if that was the true reason for her death? I would need to do more research on the topic. I focused on the lecture with an intensity I've never felt for any class. Mother's sudden disease, the issues she faced — it was all so inexplicable and so wrong.
Was I the cause of her death? I mean, my birth?








CHAPTER SIX


The Professor continued, and the lecture was recorded in my vizor, as I got lost in my thoughts.
All these years, I always wondered why my mother fell ill. She was young. She was under forty when she died; she had so many years left to live. But she kept getting sicker. From what mother shared, I didn't use to have such an intense metabolism as a baby; it started when I was around three or four. 
I tried to remember what happened when mother became sick. My appetite became unreasonable after one of her bouts of illness. She felt sick, and I started eating more; she quickly recovered. 
I should find out everything I can about appetite. Is that something that happens to magicians who use magic? I tried to pay attention to the lecture again.
"It is thought that the ability to generate magical energy can be trained, by placing young magical kids in an environment where they are forced to use magic but can't absorb it from the environment. Like an isolated world. But, since this leads to death or disease in most cases, the Magical Council banned such experiments."
It appears I was such an experiment. A natural experiment, not one done on purpose. A child born to a mother destined to die quickly. Could the extreme fear and love I felt have pushed my body into pumping my mother with magical energy? I don't remember ever doing it, but could it be done subconsciously? Had I been unwittingly using magic all my life — without realizing it?
"Anyway," the Professor said. "These are the basic reasons. We'll explore the consequences of the way magical lineages work in our next lecture. The suggested reading material is on the board. Class dismissed."
He flicked his hand at the blackboard, and a detailed list appeared there. I tried to dictate the list into my vizor.
"Hey, beggar," I then heard beside me. I turned around. It was one of the guys seating in the row. My fellow ghost classmates had scattered; I was alone. "Move aside."
"I'm sorry," I said, moving aside, to the center of the stairs, letting them pass. But then the people going down the stairs started insulting me. 
Being rude was one thing. Not letting me study was unacceptable.
"Let me copy the list first," I said. "I'll move then. Shouldn't you read the material, too? Or do you feel you can coast on doing nothing because you paid for your diploma?"
Yes, they got to me. 
Martinus, who had been going down the stairs, came back. He wouldn't leave me alone after I confronted one of his coterie.
"Only such talentless students like you focus on studying theory," he said, standing taller than me even though he was on a lower step, "since you can't ever do real magic. Zethe, let's go. Don't bother talking to mongrels. It's below you," and with those words, Martinus grabbed the Zethe guy and headed outside. 
"Maybe I wasn't born with talent," I then said. "But I promise you, Martinus Novak, that I'll do better than you in this course. You'll see."
He smirked. 
"I won't bother asking for your name, you beggar, although you seem to know mine," he said, "since you probably gave a fake name, anyway. Like most of your classmates. Cowards who don't want to be found in case this thing goes south," he waved at my entire ghost body. "Distance classes in magic. Ha! It would only work for weaklings like you. Real magicians have to study here because their magic is too powerful and dangerous to do this nonsense distance thing." 
"I'm Amy Laurendeau," I told him. "And that's my real name. I'm not afraid of you."
"We'll see, Amy Laurendeau," he said, "whether you'll be as brave when you'll be here in full body." And with those words, he turned around and left, dragging the Zethe guy by his sleeve.
I stood there, with the other students going around me, giving me gloating looks. I didn't leave until I finished dictating the entire list.
#
When I left the room, I saw Yllana, standing on the opposite side of the corridor. I went to her.
"Did you copy the list?" she asked me.
"Yes," I nodded. "Didn't you?"
"No," she shook her head. "I would come back in when everybody went out. But it seems like you already did it. Can you pass me the file?"
"You'll have to show me how to do this," I said. "But sure, no problem."
After Yllana showed me how to do it, and we put the vizors on top of each other, and the filer transfer began, I told her what happened inside.
"You had an encounter with Martinus Novak?" Yllana asked, shaking her head. "I don't know if you're brave, or just stupid."
"Neither," I said. "I just don't think I'll be here next year. I don't have a chance, do I? Not against people who have been studying magic all their lives. But at least I should learn what I can. And, once I'm back in my world, Martinus will never find me."
"Ah, yes, you live in an isolated world," Yllana said. "You know, in theory, Martinus still could find you. Your world is not completely isolated. The brochure somehow ended up there."
"How were they distributed?" I asked.
"They were sent with a targeted search spell that looked for powerful magicians without developed auras," Yllana explained. "A similar spell, but using your aura, can be cast to find you, specifically. Getting you would require incredible amounts of energy, but it's still possible. Martinus is the son of the Security Counselor in the Council of Magic. Don't mess with him."
"I'll do my best to avoid him," I promised her. "Do you know what is scheduled next?"
"We have a Magical Structures class in half an hour," Yllana said. "But right now, our classmates are meeting to elect the distance learning classroom representative. Let's go."
I followed her as she guided me to a classroom she said was our Department's meeting room.
#
The room was bare; there was no furniture at all. I guess they decided not to bother with getting furniture for ghosts.
Our classmates were introducing themselves to each other.
"Alfrida Maddern," said the only blond girl in the group.
"Hima Risch," said the brunette standing next to her.
"Endymion Loy," said the tall guy next to them.
"Raibert Zok," was the turn of the guy next to me.
I guess it was my turn now? 
"Amy Laurendeau," I introduced myself, after waiting for two seconds.
"Yllana Daby," said Yllana.
And so it went, clockwise, until everybody introduced themselves. Their names were so strange and unfamiliar to me, that I struggled to remember most of them, despite having an excellent memory for faces.
"Does anybody want to be class representative?" Alfrida asked, looking around.
I stayed silent. I couldn't be class representative. I do not understand how this world works; I know nothing, and I would be useless at the role. Nobody else said anything, either. Silence lingered, with everybody looking at each other uncomfortably.
"I can give it a shot," Alfrida then said. "If nobody minds, that is."
Nobody minded, so we unanimously elected Alfrida as our class representative by raising our hands.
My vizor warmed.
"It seems it's time to go to the Magical Structures class," Alfrida said, heading towards the door.
"How does everybody know where to go?" I whispered to Yllana.
"They probably studied the maps," Yllana explained.
This vizor thing seemed to have as many functions as a good smartphone. But if it was like a smartphone…
"Can I use it to send letters and talk to people, too?" I asked her.
"Yes," Yllana replied. "You can write and talk to people, although for anybody outside the Academy, the vizor will use your energy. It is connected to the Academy's energy channels, but for things outside its main function, you need to use your energy. The heavier the file, the more energy."
"That's OK," I said, "since I wouldn't even know who to talk to. Can you show me how to use it?"
"Sure," Yllana said, inputting her number into my vizor and sending a message to hers.
I've never had a person who helped me so disinterestedly like Yllana. It was nice.
When we arrived at the Magical Structures classroom, my classmates stood outside again, waiting for everybody to come in. I stood with them. I had gotten in enough trouble with the Martinus guy. Yllana had already informed me my challenge had been most unwise and that he had been tutored in History of Magic by the best. It's not like I would lose anything except my pride, but pride was the only thing I had left.
We stood on the stairs again in the class. 
The Professor for the Magical Structures course (which, as far as I understood, was math, but applied to magic) was a woman. I saw looks of condescension on the faces of my non-ghost classmates. So, not only are they racist, they're misogynist, too. The fact that they were the full package did not surprise me. They were assholes who thought their money made them superior to those who had to earn it.
"I'm Odharnait Strasser," the Professor said. "Professor of Magical Structures. I'll start by explaining the basic calculations for some simple spells."
And then the lecture of my horrors started. Unlike the Magical History class, I understood nothing here. Thanks to whatever programming they used on me, I could read and write well enough in the magical world's language. I could even recognize the numbers, the plus, minus, and equal sign. But after that, I was completely lost. Most of the magical symbols Professor Strasser confidently drew on the blackboard were unfamiliar to me; I did not understand what any of them meant. I could see, by the furrowed brows in Yllana's face, that she was struggling to understand, too.
At some point I tuned out, just taking photos of what Professor Strasser drew on the blackboard. I would have to grok in the library a lot to even start understanding these terms.
By the time we finished the lecture, I was happy to run out of the class as quickly as possible. Professor Strasser did not give us any assignment; she just told us to learn the material she gave during the lecture. I checked our schedule. Thankfully, we only had Magical Structures classes twice a week, and the next class was on Friday.
"Finally," Yllana said, as we quickly went out. "I thought it would never end."
"I didn't understand much," I admitted. 
"Yes, it was hard even for me," Yllana nodded. "And at least I have some preparation. What are you doing now?"
"I think I'd like to go to the library," I said. "Would you like to come with me?"
"Sure," she said. "Why not? It's not like I've got anything else to do tonight."
We headed towards the library, while most students went towards the cafeteria. It was lunch hour here. That's even better; we won't have to deal with assholes like Martinus or Zethe in the library.
When I came into the library, it dazzled me. It was as big as Yllana had told me.
"Wow!" I said, with my mouth open.
The place was bigger than I could imagine in my wildest dreams. Some kind of glass dome or magical sphere covered it; you could see the brightly lit blue sky from here. The library itself was an enormous cylindrical tower with many floors below us, organized in the form of a caracole. I approached the banisters and looked downstairs. It was like staring into the abyss.
"How many levels does the library have?" I asked. 
"I've heard there are fifty, at least. But you can't access anything under the fifth floor without official permission from the Magical Council. And even with the permission, only high-level mages can go lower than the tenth level. Everything we need is located on the first two floors, anyway."
"Shouldn't you be able to see from outside how many floors it has?" I asked.
"No," Yllana explained. "Since the library is not a physical building, per se. It is a magical construct. The floors are multi-dimensional pockets, each attached to the other by the staircase. It's very complicated and powerful magic. So powerful, there are only two such libraries in the whole Confederation. This one, and the Magic Council's library."
"Cool," I said. "But how do we find anything in this place? Even walking through the entire thing would take a day."
"Well, not a day," Yllana said, "but we don't have to. There is a catalog system. After you say the search word, we will be guided to the spot."
"Great!" I said. "And do you know how to use this system?"
Yllana nodded. She seemed to know so much. Or maybe it was I who knew nothing.
"What would you like to find?" she said. 
"Well, let's start with the suggested reading list for the History of Magic course," I said. "Although I'd like to check the books on Magical Structures later."
Yllana approached a big, protuberant tile that lay on the floor. 
"Comparative analysis between higher and lower magicians' ethereal bodies," she said, after checking her vizor for the list. "By Rheda Kallio."
The tile moved, crawling around the circular part of the banister, as we followed it. Then, at some point, it started moving between the bookcases, until it stopped in front of one. It then hovered around the ground. Yllana tapped it, and the tile flew up, and a book just jumped out off the shelves onto the tile. She then reached and took out the book.
"Here you have," she said, stepping down from the tile. "To return the book, just place it on any of these tiles."
She then went sideways while I followed her. We reached an area, hidden between the bookcases, with armchairs and study tables.
"You can read the book here," she said. "I'll go get some other books."
"Thanks," I said, sitting by a desk, and placing the book there. I opened it with no issues despite my ghost hands. It seemed like I could only go through people; I couldn't go through things.
I started reading, while Yllana went looking for the books she wanted.








CHAPTER SEVEN


The book was written in a rather academic language, so the reading was slow. I checked the index and jumped to the chapter 'On magic generation'.
Measurements on the rate of recovery of magical energy between different magicians placed in magically isolated chambers have detected significant differences between different magicians. The ability seems to be trainable, as magicians who used up their magic experienced significant increases in recovery performance after staying in the chamber multiple times. However, because of the many secondary effects of the loss of magical energy compounded by the lack of absorbable energy in the environment, such as dizziness, extreme appetite, weight loss, lack of energy, low physical form, brain fog, nausea, depression, emotional outbursts, etc., no volunteers could be recruited for further studies.
I thought of the time when my appetite increased. Dizziness? Check. Weight loss? Check. Lack of energy? Check. Low physical form, brain fog, nausea? Check, check, and check. I suffered from all the symptoms on the list as a kid. Most of them had subsided with time, by the age of ten, except for the physical form and extreme appetite. I'd gained enough muscle work as a waitress (that requires more physical fitness than you'd think), but I still could not run for more than a minute without vomiting and my legs cramping.
The more I read, the more it seemed to make sense. The book suggested that magician's kids could also inherit the base abilities to generate and absorbing from their fathers, but, due to the lack of a magical environment in the womb, those abilities were not developed in those whose mothers weren't high magicians. The book suggested that maybe they could develop those abilities, in theory, if placed in stress situations.
I stared into the air, my mind reeling with this world-shattering information. Was my father a magician? If so, why did he have a relationship with my mother, despite the risk? Was it on purpose? Was it some kind of twisted experiment? If so, why did he abandon me?
To think Mama could have lived a long, healthy life if it wasn't for me and my father…
Yllana came, placing the books on the table with a loud thud.
"Hey, are you alright?" she said, shaking my shoulder. 
I looked up at her worried face and quickly stood up, wiping the tears out of my eyes. 
"Yes," I said. "It's just family stuff."
Yllana was considerate enough not to pry further.
"Yllana," I said. "About what Professor Ber Alday said today… Is it true that relationships between magicians and ordinary people are banned? Because a pregnancy could be lethal?"
"Yes," Yllana said. 
"Aren't there ways to avoid pregnancy by using contraception? Or, once a fetus is created, can't they have an abortion if carrying a baby to term has such consequences?" I asked. That's how we dealt with the risk of unwanted pregnancies on Earth.
"I've heard ordinary people use contraception," Yllana said. "And it even works. But for magicians, it's pointless. Contraception does not work. And, once there's a pregnancy, getting rid of the fetus is not only immoral but impossible. You cannot do it while keeping the mother alive. Once a magical baby is implanted, they claw their way to life."
"I see," I said. "The Professor also said that high magicians are also banned from having children with low ones. Is it also lethal? And what would happen if a high magician impregnates an ordinary woman?"
"It's also dangerous for female low magicians to carry a high magician's baby, yes," Yllana confirmed. "As for a high magician and an ordinary woman… I imagine it would be even worse than in other cases. Extraordinary levels of magical energy would be needed to keep the mother's life after giving birth. And even then, the level of damage that would create in her aura would be enough to make her very sick. Ordinary people can't handle magic for long. But why are you asking? You are not thinking of catching one of those guys, right? Because let me tell you, no amount of riches and comfort is worth it. Even if you ignore the reduced lifespan, you'd be living in a golden cage. Female high magicians live a very sheltered, very safe, very boring life. You aren't allowed to go out without a companion, you aren't allowed to get a profession without your parent's permission, you have to marry who your parents want…"
"It sounds like you are speaking from experience," I observed, seeing Yllana so incensed.
She fell silent.
"I don't want anybody to know about this," she said. "Promise me you won't tell anybody."
"Promise," I said. "I can even give you a magical oath. You're my friend. I wouldn't want you living in a gold cage."
"An oath is unnecessary," Yllana said. "Just don't talk about it, OK? But, now that you know my secret, could you tell me what you were crying about? I don't want to be the only one sharing secrets."
"My mother died recently," I said.
"I'm sorry," Yllana said. Then she looked at the book, at me, and reached some conclusion. So she asked bluntly. "Was your mother non-magical?"
"Yes," I said.
"I see," she said. "And do you know who your father was?"
"Not really," I said, "although I have his photo. He called himself Matt."
"You could try finding your father," Yllana said. "If he was a magician, one powerful enough to visit an isolated world, it's highly likely he studied in the Academy. You could check the graduation books for the Academy. What year do you think it would be?"
"Nineteen years ago, give or take five years," I said.
"That would be 4356, so the years 4351-4361," Yllana said. She approached a tile, and said, "Graduation book, year 4356."
The tile slowly started moving. 
"Check it out," Yllana said. "Maybe you'll find something."
"Thanks," I said, and followed the tile.
The tile floated around, following a complicated, twisted path. While it stayed on the first floor, I had to go to one of the furthest corners of the library. I guess nobody checks the graduation books. The bookcase we arrived at was full of them. The bookcases next to it contained old newspapers. I guess this is the archive part of the library. 
The tile went up, and soon enough, the book was within my reach. I still felt all physical sensations despite only being here in my ethereal form.
I saw the cover: "Graduation Class 4356". I nervously opened it, paging through it. There were pages after pages of photos. The book was 300 pages or so thick. I looked for an index and checked only the Department of High Magic. Because if my theory was right, my father would be a high-level mage.
That part of the book was relatively thin, only a couple of pages, so I went through it, and didn't find my father.
I approached the tile, thinking about what I would ask.
"Graduation year 4346," I said. 
The tile hovered again, and I collected the book, placing the previous one for return. The tile went up and once it was at the right level, the book re-shelved itself. So convenient.
I went through the section of High Magic for every Graduation class, starting to think that maybe my father wasn't a high-level magician when I found a man who looked just like. They were so similar; they could be brothers.
"Azrikam Morad," I read.
I kept checking every graduation book, expanding my time range as widely as I could, but I found nothing. No other Morads. No sign of my father.
I dejectedly walked back. I would have to figure another way to find my father's identity.
"Did you find anything?" Yllana asked when I came back.
I shook my head.
"Nothing," I said, without mentioning the guy who looked like my father. "Do they have genealogy books here? You know, ones with photos?"
"They include the most important families in the Who-is-who Encyclopedia," Yllana said. "And some of the most important members' photos appear there. But if he didn't study here, it's unlikely he'd be in one of them. Most male members of the elite study in the Academy." By the bitterness of her voice, I could see how much she resented the male part.
I went back to the book I had been reading. But before I opened it, a thought crossed my head.
"What time does the library close?" I asked. "There is so much research I need to do."
"It doesn't," Yllana said. "It's open 24/7. You can come to higher levels at any time."
"Great," I said. "I think I might come during the night again."
"I wish I could do that," Yllana said. "But my family will notice if I stay asleep during the day."
"I could send you the notes I make from the books," I offered. "Then you don't have to sleep. It's not as good as taking them yourself, but it's better than nothing."
"Thanks," Yllana said. She then checked the time on the vizor. "Shit! It's time to go. The day's about to start in my part of the world."
"How do we go back?" I asked.
"Simple," Yllana said. "Walk out of the Main Hall's door."
We headed out. This was too much for me to handle. Besides, I had the morning shift.
#
After going out of the Main Hall, I woke up home, feeling energized. It all still seemed surreal, imaginary, a play of my imagination. But I felt the vizor yesterday, didn't I? I tried to make it appear by focusing on it. I focused… And felt the warm sensation under my hand. I lifted my hand. The tiger-eye crystal lay on the pillow, as I left it yesterday, before going to sleep.
This shit was real. 
Before I could process it all, the alarm clock rang. It was time to shower and go to work.
During breakfast, I noticed I had a much lower appetite. This time, I was satisfied by a rasher of bacon and a couple of eggs; just an appetizer, by my usual standards.
When I came to work, Jemma, who always came by on Tuesdays to check how everything was working, raised her eyebrows at my electric blue hair. 
"At least you didn't get a tattoo," she said, looking at Melanie, who had around five visible tattoos. "But you still need to carry your hair in a ponytail. Food hygiene."
I nodded.
"No problem."
The shift was not busier than usual, with customers coming and going, while I didn't nibble like usual. I didn't feel the need to. When Greg served me lunch at the end of the shift, and he saw me struggle to finish a waffle and a bit of bacon, he got worried.
"Are you alright, dear?" he asked. "Something wrong with your appetite? You're not dieting, are you?"
"No," I replied. "I'm just not feeling like it, I guess."
I had to test my theory. Use up my magic and see if I went back to my usual appetite. Thankfully, my schedule said I had two classes tonight: The Fundamentals of Practical Magic, and Magical Energy. I would hopefully learn how to use magic, and I would see if I then felt different on Earth. 
That would be the definitive proof of my theories.
When I arrived home after the shift, I wasn't feeling tired at all. I was bursting with energy like I didn't just work an exhausting eight-hour shift. I wouldn't be able to get asleep at all. I had to use this time productively.
I started by writing down the lectures I had recorded today into an empty notebook I had around the house (there was a discount for bulk buying).
Writing down and copying the formulas from the Magical Structure Lecture was the hardest. I still didn't understand almost any of it, since the concepts and the symbols, the entire logic of the math, was foreign to me. It wasn't like our Earth math. Or at least it wasn't like the math I knew. Maybe it was like the weird stuff they do in college-level math? Anyway, I had to figure this out. 
By the time I finished copying the contents of the lectures into the notebooks, together with the notes from the book I'd read, it was mid-afternoon. I was still not tired, but I felt on edge, itching to go to the Academy to test my theories. I ate some dinner, dressed comfortably, put the vizor on my pillow, and lay on the bed, saying I wanted to go to the Academy. And I immediately felt my mind transported there.








CHAPTER EIGHT


When I appeared in the Main Hall, it was empty. I checked the vizor. It was late at night here. I headed towards the library as quickly as I could. I wasn't sure whether students are banned from walking at night (I don't think so, because they are university students), but I didn't want to test my theory, either.
I could see the starry sky from the library, with the Moon providing a white, dim light. I looked around. If the library was open 24/7, there had to be some system of lighting, right? Some white quartz balls were laying on a desk by the door; they looked like the ones floating in the corridors emitting light. I approached the desk and grabbed one ball. It glowed. I tapped on it again. It became brighter. I released it; it stayed floating in the air. I went toward the archives. The quartz ball followed me.
Once I was inside the library, far enough from prying eyes, I found a tile and said the search words.
"Azrikam Morad, family, Who-is-who," I said. 
The tile hovered for a bit, searching, and started moving. I followed, with the quartz ball floating in front of me, lighting my way. I went down to the second floor, and finally, the tile stopped in front of an enormous bookcase which seemed to contain just one of the editions of the Who-is-who encyclopedia.
When the tile lifted me, I took the book for the Morad family. 
I sat on the floor, reading the book. It's not like I could feel the cold, and the floor was impeccably clean. Paging through the book, I saw the Morad family's genealogical tree, going back hundreds of years. The book started in 2037, and Yllana told me we were in the 4000 and something year. The family was two thousand years old. 
The family that always seemed to have around forty people each generation, give or take five. One thing that seemed notable was that there seemed to be quite a few men each generation who remained unmarried. By the middle of the book, the size of the family decayed. I skipped to the end. There were only three people in the family. Azrikam Morad, the elder son; his father, Ektolaf Morad; and brother, Mahalat Morad, marked as 'unknown status'. Could Mahalat be shortened into Matt? I looked for his photo. There was none. And what did this 'unknown status' mean?
I returned the book and tried another search term.
"Mahalat Morad, photo," I said.
This time, I was taken another level down, to the third floor, which contained what seemed like an archive of police cases. How could they be here, available to the public? 
The tile stopped at a spot, and a small leaflet jumped out. The library did have everything.
I grabbed the leaflet, and looked at it, feeling my stomach sink. It was my father's photo, alright.
On the Most Wanted list.

Dead or alive. 5 million ducats for information on Mahalat Morad, wanted for heinous magical crimes.

No other detail. Nothing about what heinous crime Mahalat commited. Nothing. 
I searched, I kept trying different search words, but there was nothing I could find. Nothing on the crimes my father supposedly committed. One thing seemed clear; there was no court case. Nothing I could find. 
I looked at the clock. Classes would start in an hour. I should return home and copy father's photo into my vizor. Maybe I could send it and get those millions?
I went out of the Main Hall, coming back home, where I took out father's photo and copied it into the vizor. It felt weird. Would it be OK to sell my own father? But then, it's not like I knew him, or he did anything good for me. And he was responsible for mother's death.
Anyway, that would be a decision for another day. Now I just had to go back to class.
I felt a huge pang of hunger, so I rushed into the kitchen, dipping into the emergency stockpile. Chocolate milkshakes, chocolate, and energy bars. I checked the clock. I only had half an hour left. I had to eat quickly.
By the time I went to the Academy, my vizor was heating. Once in the Main Hall, I ran like crazy towards the classroom.
#
I sprinted into the classroom before the Professor. I quickly joined Yllana, and only then looked around. The room was bare, save for a few straw mats on the floor, and a box by the door. Everybody was scattered around the room, all the ghosts standing in one corner.
The lecturer, who came in seconds after me, started talking.
"Good morning," he said, "I'm Professor Felan Maler, and I'll be teaching you The Fundamentals of Practical Magic. This is a practical course, so you'll start practicing today. Everybody, sit."
"But where?" one of the non-ghost students asked. "There are no seats."
"On the floor," he said. "Cross-legged."
The students, grumbling, took the mats and sat on the floor. My ghost classmates and I also sat on the floor, but without the mats. It's not like we could feel the cold stone.
At least my knees won't hurt from sitting like this. There are advantages to an ethereal form.
Once we were all seated, the Professor started the lecture. 
"The first thing you need to learn in using magic spells," he said, "is to control the amount of magic you put into a spell, regardless of how much energy you have. One of the biggest problems students have in the beginning is that they use too much energy when they are rested, and too little when they are depleted. So you need to practice using an even flow of magic. Take a crystal from the box."
Everybody stood up and went to get one. After our classmates got one, the ghosts also took one each. They were all identical, anyway.
"These are simple lamps," the Professor explained. "But they are not connected to the Academy's energy network. You need to act as the source of energy here. Connect to it and light the lamps. Make sure the light stays even. It's better if it's weak, but even, than for it to be strong but flickering. You'll need to keep it on for three hours."
"Three hours?" One classmate complained. "Just acting as a battery?"
"You won't be able to do it," the Professor said. "It will be good if you just do it for five minutes."
"I have a big reserve," Zethe, the guy I had an altercation with, said. "Enough to keep a hundred of these lamps switched for days."
The students in his group murmured in agreement.
"Just do this lamp first," the Professor replied. "And if you do it, I'll give you a second next class."
The students started switching their lamps on, to different degrees of brightness, grumbling. I stared at mine. How was I supposed to do this?
I sat on the floor, cross-legged, as instructed, and put the crystal ball between my hands, staring at it. Nothing happened. I tried to imagine it was emitting light, and warming up in my hands, like my vizor. Still, nothing.
I looked around. All the high-level mages had flickering bright orbs in their hands. Yllana and a few others of my ghost classmates had lamps that were emitting some light, with intermittent brighter moments. But most students had lamps that emitted barely visible bursts of light, or no light at all.
I focused on my lamp. How was I supposed to do this? I've never used magic before, consciously, at least. Except for that one time in the examination, when I made a fireball while trying to make a ray of fire. 
I tried to think of that time, vividly imagining the lamp switching on. It wasn't working very well. With my eyes closed, open, I couldn't get any light. I then tried to remember the occasions on which I used magic unconsciously. The time I wiped the sweat off mother's forehead, as she grabbed my hand, frantically, writhing in pain, vomiting water and bile into a bucket. How that calmed her, her pain slowly relenting, her stomach calming down. 
I felt my hands warm up. The lamp was emitting light, so powerful, I had to close my eyes. I tossed it.
"Too strong," the Professor said, standing by me. I looked up, startled. "What's your name, Miss?"
"Amy. Amy Laurendeau," I said. 
The Professor skeptically raised his eyebrows. 
"Well, it's your right to keep anonymity, I guess, like the rest of the Distance Department. But, Miss Laurendeau, you should try to focus on a steady stream, not highly concentrated bursts. Look at your fellow classmates. Those who chose to start strong are struggling most. That's what happens when you try to brag before you can do the work," the Professor nodded towards the high-level mages, who were sweating profusely, their lamps flickering.
"I'm not…" bragging, I tried to say, but the Professor already moved to talk to the next student, instructing and offering criticism to everybody.
I looked around. Everybody seemed to struggle with maintaining a steady light. At least I wasn't the only one.
I focused on the lamp again, trying to remember how it felt to switch it on. After what seemed like an eternity, I got a flickering, barely visible light, which I only kept for ten seconds.
I kept turning it on, with the longest time I managed being a minute. The elite snobbish classmates, the ones who claimed they had reserves for hundreds of lamps, could manage ten minutes max.
At some point, I could not switch the lamp on at all.
"Most of you have exhausted your magical reserves," the Professor said. "But still, try to do your best. There is still some energy left, even if it seems like there isn't. Your body tries to store it when a critical point is reached. That point is much higher than the one you need to live, so try pushing it. You need to use your magic even in extreme circumstances."
The students started grumbling again.
"But we will not be battle mages," one student complained. "Why would we need to prepare for extreme circumstances?"
"Because," the professor said, "when the extreme circumstances arrive, it will be too late."
I kept looking at the crystal, which was inert in my hands. I tried to do what I did at the beginning of the class when I imagined I was taking care of mother. The lamp switched on, but my head started to hurt terribly.
"Stop, Miss Laurendeau," the Professor said, appearing beside me. "You're starting to dip into your critical reserve. How did you even do that?"
I stopped, my body cold, my head hurting, feeling dizzy.
"Just lay there, rest a bit. Close your eyes," the Professor said, gently. "You should not use any more magic today."
I nodded and looked around. Everybody noticed, and now they were watching me with interest, sensing weakness like bloodhounds. I smiled at them and continued to sit, keeping my back straight. You'd think not having a body or muscles that get tired would make it much easier, but just sitting straight required a lot of energy.
I stayed like this until the end of the class, patiently waiting for everybody to go out.
On the way out, Martinus Novak decided to comment.
"Now you see, you mongrel, why weaklings like you could never become real mages, whether you learn theory or no. You got exhausted just by turning on a lamp!" he said.
I smiled sweetly at him. 
"Does that mean you think I'll get better grades than you at History of Magic?" I asked. "Because if you'll admit that, I'll readily admit that you're much better at everything at which you have inborn talents. Hard work cannot overcome privilege, that's true."
He smiled, too.
"And what will you do when I crush you like a bug? Because, have no doubts about it, you beggar, I am much better than you in everything."
"I'll acknowledge you're much better than me at everything," I said. "When you prove it."
"That won't do," he said. "Make no mistake, as soon as your body steps a foot on this Academy, I'll show you."
And he left, with his coterie behind him.
"Why do you keep provoking him?" Yllana asked. 
"I guess he just pushes at my buttons," I said, shrugging. "Besides, he can't do anything to me. It's not like he could reach the place where I live."
"Just be careful," Yllana said. "Guys like that are not used to defiance from those they consider their inferiors. He won't do real harm, but his pride could push him to do something humiliating to you."
"I won't do anything to him if he doesn't start," I said. "We have the Magical Energy class now, right? We should head there."
"Will you be alright?" Yllana asked me. "You seemed ill before."
"Oh, I'm used to that," I replied. "I've had it worse. I can walk to a class."
I had days when my head was hurting, I was tired from not sleeping all night, and I still had to take my mother to hospital, bring her back, help her through chemo's secondary effects, and then work a shift, smiling at customers.
I survived.








CHAPTER NINE


I managed to walk straight toward the Magical Energy class without falling to my knees, although it required a lot of willpower. Yllana, who wasn't fooled by my smiling face and friendly chatter, kept looking at me with worry as I followed our classmates.
When we arrived at the class, the Professor was already there, sitting on the floor, with his eyes closed. This class was also bare of any furniture. But I had a feeling this classroom was not as empty as it looked. It almost seemed like the class was full of water or something. It became a bit hard for me to breathe, as I felt the air viscous in my mouth.
I collapsed onto the floor, trying to breathe.
"What… is… this…?" I asked, struggling to get air. 
"And this, ladies and gentlemen, is what happens when you try to absorb more energy than you can handle," I heard a voice from above. I looked up. The Professor was looking down on me with amusement. "Get out of the class, Miss. Come back when you feel better."
I tried to stand up but couldn't. Yllana tried to help, but I chose to crawl towards the door, instead. Once I was close to the door, I could open the door and exit. I heard snickers and some people laughing as I crawled by them, collapsing in the corridor, sitting with my head between my knees.
"Well, I didn't expect to have somebody on the verge of magical exhaustion in my class today," I heard the muted Professor's voice. "But you can see what happens when such a person gets access to a magical stream. It's like an animal exploding from drinking too much water. You need to learn to absorb magic at a rate you can accept. The reason this class is scheduled after the Fundamentals of Practical Magic is so you can be tired enough you lose control. And you just observed what happens when you lose control."
I breathed, trying to calm myself. It was so much easier to breathe here, where the air was normal. Although it's weird that I struggle to breathe, when I'm a ghost… But it seemed like it wasn't really the air that was dense. It was just full of concentrated energy. I guess that's how I process this; by translating the feelings of my ethereal body into physical ones.
I tried to stand up. I could, and now I was feeling much less tired. Dizzy, but able to walk. I came back into the classroom, sitting next to Yllana.
The Professor looked at me, annoyed at the interruption.
"I see you're back, Miss…" he said.
"Laurendeau," I said. "I feel better now."
"Well, if you say so," he said with skepticism. "But don't blame me later, if you need a Healer's attention."
He then turned back to the classroom, continuing his lecture.
"A magical stream fills this classroom with energy," he said. "And you need to replenish your energy by absorbing it. Remember, it needs to be a steady, even absorption rate. Drink from a straw instead of gulping down a barrel, like Miss Laurendeau."
I blushed as everybody stared at me but tried to keep my head high. I was just learning, right? I'm sure I'm not the only one who made this mistake. Besides, I wasn't even sure what I did wrong. It's not like I did it on purpose.
"Observe how it's done," the Professor said, sitting down. He then placed his hands on his knees, palms up, and closed his eyes. I could see movement in the viscous air as if a stream was going into his hands. The surrounding air became more viscous, and he became more blurry. He then stopped, opening his eyes.
"You need to learn to absorb energy," he said. "Slow and steady. You've got three hours to refill your reserve."
"That's fast," Yllana whispered. "It usually takes me a day to recover."
"I've got no idea how long I take," I whispered back. 
"No talking," the Professor said, walking by us. 
I sat with my palms up and tried to make the viscous air go through them. Instead, it seemed like my mouth was full of this viscous mess again, impeding my breathing.
"It seems like you're so used to absorbing your energy through your mouth, Miss Laurendeau," the Professor said, "that you don't know how to do it through your other body parts. It's a bad habit you need to break. It's most common among high magicians, who have the ability produce their magical energy from food. But you aren't one, so why are you swallowing magic instead of absorbing it?"
"I don't know, sir," I said, swallowing the viscous substance in my mouth, trying to clear this unpleasant feeling. 
"Just do it as I did it, Miss Laurendeau," the Professor said. "Don't try to re-invent the wheel. Especially if you're going to make it square."
I heard snickers around me. The students around me, who had been listening in, laughed. The Professor looked at them, disapprovingly.
"Don't think you're much better than Miss Laurendeau," he said. "At least she's doing something, even if she's doing it wrong. You don't seem to be doing anything."
The snickers quieted, and the Professor went back to circulating around the room, making sarcastic remarks and giving helpful hints to everybody.
I swallowed and tried to feel the viscous substance on my hands, instead. I wasn't feeling anything with my hands; the air was just air. In my mouth, though, I still felt the viscous substance, which I kept swallowing, trying to get rid of the sensation in my mouth. I think I may have felt a vague feeling of something sticky on my hands. Not sure, though. It could have been sweat.
By the end of the class, many of those who were sitting with their eyes closed were nodding, asleep. I was feeling light-headed and rested. 
"Class dismissed," the Professor suddenly said. "Miss Laurendeau, stay."
I observed as everybody left, including Yllana, who left last, after saying some words of support. I stayed, sitting on the floor.
"Stand, Miss Laurendeau," the Professor said.
I tried. I really, really tried. But when I tried to disentangle my legs (why did they suddenly seem linked together like a braid?), I tumbled on the floor.
"Enough," the Professor said, extending me his hand. I took it, and he pulled me up. "Try touching your nose, Miss Laurendeau," he then ordered.
I tried, but my finger kept touching my mouth, cheeks, and eyes, missing my nose.
"What is happening to me?" I asked.
"You're drunk with energy," the Professor said. "Most people have a very well-established limit for their energy reserve; a minimum below which it's very hard for them to go, and a maximum above which they can't absorb any more energy. Sometimes, these controls are broken by external shocks. You, Miss Laurendeau, seem to have none of those two internal constraints. You came into this class with your magic depleted below your critical level, right?"
"Yes," I replied, hearing his voice through a pillow. And it was sooo sloow. Liiike hee waaas speaaakiiiing liiike thiiis. It was somehow hilarious. I giggled.
"Enough, Miss Laurendeau. It doesn't seem like you'll understand what I'm saying. Go home and rest. Use some of your excess energy, but don't do anything dangerous."
"Sure," I said, stumbling towards the door. 
"You'll never get there like this," the Professor said. And then he must have done something because I felt like I usually did when I went back home.
#
After sending the problematic student home, the Professor of Magical Energy, Lazio Enius, decided to talk to his colleague, the Professor of Fundamentals of Practical Magic. Because of how close and interdependent their classes were, the two men frequently collaborated, designing their learning programs together. He took his vizor and called his colleague's number. 
"Hi, Felan, it is time to discuss our new batch of freshmen," he said.
"Let's meet in the usual place," Felan said.
When they met, drinking the cold beer in the pub the teaching stuff most frequented (and thus, a pub students avoided), they started with the usual small talk, before they reached the more interesting bits of the conversation.
"By the way, Felan," Lazio said, nursing his cold beer in his hands, squinting at the sun. "Did you notice any unusual students?"
"Well, there's the usual bunch of elite talents," Felan said. "But then there was this weird girl in the ghost class… I mean Distance Department…"
"Miss Amy Laurendeau?" Lazio asked.
"Yes," Felan nodded. "You noticed her too?"
"I did," Lazio said. "She came with complete magical exhaustion into my class. She shouldn't have been able to remain conscious in her condition, much less walk, but she walked. She then absorbed a lot of energy through her mouth, and I sent her out. By the end of the class, she had absorbed so much energy, she was drunk on it. How did you allow her to exhaust herself?"
"She didn't show, Lazio," Felan explained. "I'm trained in recognizing signs of exhaustion in students, but I didn't see them in her. And you know what the weird thing was? After her collapse, she stood up, smiled, and walked straight, as if nothing happened. If I didn't know she was beyond the verge of exhaustion, I wouldn't have seen. It's like she's trained to hide it."
"Well, I can tell you she wasn't able to hide an excess of energy," Lazio said. "I could see it."
"So, it seems we've got a student with a broken energy system," Felan said. "What should we do about it?"
"And should we do anything at all?" Lazio asked. When Felan raised his eyebrows, he explained. "She's only here for a year. There's no way she can go to her second year, much less get a scholarship, with such a broken ethereal body. Not unless she learns the strictest control."
"Even if we leave aside the ethical side of ignoring a student in need," Felan said, "we need to ask what happened there. How could somebody's ethereal body be so broken?"
"Some kind of abuse? I've heard this kind of thing happens to mages who grew up in a magic-starved environment. Their body gets used to a feast-starve cycle, so they absorb everything they can when they can get it," Lazio proposed.
"That would be reasonable," Felan said. "But she was also very willing to give her energy. What kind of environment would lead to a child constantly spending down their energy to critical levels, then gorging on new energy just to spend it again?"
"A survival one?" Lazio asked. "One where that would be the only viable strategy?"
"If that is so," Felan asked, "what kind of parent would put their child through that?"
They both went quiet, contemplating the situation. 
"Maybe we need to investigate this," Felan said.
"And risk messing with some rich and powerful family?" Lazio asked.
"How do you know it's a rich and powerful family?" Felan asked.
"Because she's a high magician. I didn't notice it at first, but when I saw her swallowing that magic… She has the habits of high magicians. She absorbs magic through her mouth, as the children of high magicians do until they are trained by it. She's like a child that has never been allowed to access enough energy, starving of magic all her life, having to produce it herself."
"Even if she's a high-level magician," Felan said. "How could it be a rich family? All rich families have access to energy streams. They usually build their houses on them."
"If a high magical daughter was born into a poor family," Lazio said, "they wouldn't waste a daughter for some experiments that could make her useless. It would more profitable to sell her to some family as a bride. You know the amounts of money families pay as a bride price."
"Yeah… I heard four hundred million ducats were offered for Elspeth Moresi," Felan said.
They contemplated the number. Their salary would never exceed a hundred thousand ducats a year. It would take them four thousand years to save that much money. And that's without living costs.
"That was because she married a Yaldai," Lazio said. "And they didn't find anybody else who was magically compatible with him. They will pay anything to get their heir married. It's unlikely this girl would be that valuable. But still, it's a waste of money. Nobody would waste resources like that if they were poor."
"Have you noticed you never mentioned ethics?" Felan said. 
"That's because those families don't have them," Lazio observed. 
"They could have kidnapped a child," Felan said. "For the experiments."
"And only a rich family could afford that, too," Lazio said. "Since any magical family whose child was kidnapped would organize a Confederation-level search. High magical families don't take kindly to such things, since there are so few of them."
"What do we do, then?" Felan asked.
"Report to the authorities," Lazio said. "And other than that, continue teaching like usual."
"Shouldn't we tell the Rector?" Felan asked.
"I think the Rector knows," Lazio said. "Since he accepted her, instead of more talented students. He must have known. And decided to observe."








CHAPTER TEN


I jumped out of bed, giddy and full of energy, euphoric. I looked at the clock. It was three am. I cleaned the house, again, organizing those spots I hadn't dealt with last time, because they were the most emotionally difficult. Like the contents of the folder mother left me, which were still spread on my study desk. The brochures, father's photo, the notebook…
I still hadn't opened the notebook, with all the things that were happening in my life. I wasn't ready. Now that I learnt my father was a criminal who probably killed her, I was less ready than ever. But would I ever be ready?
I had to deal with it now. I had already dragged things enough, avoiding everything. I lived a shell of a life, with nothing to do, except work, cook, clean, eat and sleep. And the last one, I did badly.
So I had to read it. Before I let myself go even more, before I let guilt gnaw me from the inside. I needed all the crazy bravery I had in me, all that extra boost, to open the notebook, expecting a diary. But it wasn't a diary. It was a letter. A book-long collection of letters. Every letter started with a date. I checked the date on the first page. September the 18th, 2018. Two years ago, the day mother learned of her diagnosis. That's when she started writing letters to me? I felt tears running down my cheeks, obscuring my vision. 
But I dried my eyes, using a box of tissues I had on the coffee table for all the interminable nights I'd cried myself to sleep. I had to read this letter. I had to do it now, before all vestiges of courage were eaten by grief and guilt.
Dear Amy, 
I'm writing you this letter as the problems I've been running from are starting to catch me.
If you're reading it, I must be dead. I'm planning to leave this notebook to Pastor Mark, so he'll give it to you when you're ready. I know you; I know you'd be working yourself to the bone, punishing yourself for my death. Don't. Just don't.

Easy for her to say that. She didn't know what happened. That I was to blame for her death. That it was really my fault, for being born.

I know what you must be thinking. That I don't understand. That I don't know. I know a lot more than you, Amy. I know why I'm dying.
When I met your father, I was a student in college, a bright girl with a great future. And then I made the mistake of falling in love with your father. 
Matt was a charming guy, who swept me off my feet. He understood me better than I understood myself. He always said the right things, he was always so patient and understanding. And then I got pregnant. Despite taking the pill and being very careful, I still got pregnant.

Well, this would be in line with what Yllana told me about contraceptives not working for magicians.

To my surprise, he was happy. He was so, so happy, that it almost made me suspicious. Almost --- because I still trusted him back then. 
And then, once, when he thought I was still asleep, I heard a conversation. He was complaining about me, about you --- how you weren't good enough, how you were weak. He also talked about magic. 
But that wasn't what scared me. No, what scared me was that he was talking about my death, and how he would take you away from me. As if it was a done deal. I knew, in that very moment, that I had to run away.
He caught me. He actually made fun of me, he told me that without him, I couldn't live, that I would die without his help, that you needed him, needed his magic to survive. I didn't believe him, so he locked me up until I gave birth to you. And that's when I realized --- it was true. I felt miserable, sick and poorly unless he helped me. He'd touch me, and then I'd get better --- for a brief period, until I needed his help again. He always made me beg before he helped me. He seemed to enjoy my suffering.
He also did his best to keep me away from you, except for when you needed feeding.
I stayed with him longer than I should have, despite his mistreatment of me. And I would have stayed --- if it wasn't for what he was doing with you. One day, I woke up to hear you crying. You were crying like never before. I went to check up on you, and that's when I saw him, waving his hands around you, a glow so bright it blinded me linking you and him. 
He saw me. He knew I saw him torturing you. But he smirked, and said, "What are you going to do, leave me?"
And that's what did it for me. I left him, I run away, trying to hide from him. You clung to me, staying silent, as if you knew that was the only way to avoid that cruel man.
I expected to feel bad, that I would be writhing in agony, but I wasn't. At first, I thought I was cured of my addiction from magic, but then, one day, when I left you at the motel while looking for a job, I started feeling ill again. That's when I realized. You were keeping me alive.
I knew this was going to end. Your father explained to me how magic worked. He said that I wouldn't be able to live a long life, and that it was because of you. For a little while, I believed him. But then, after running away, I realized he lied. 
Amy, I don't blame you. I know that giving birth to you shortened my life. And your father will try to make you feel guilty, to pin part of the blame on you. Don't listen to him. Your father is a terrible man, and if anybody's responsible for my death, that's him.
I don't regret having you. While I wish I had more time with you, watching you live such a hard life was heartbreaking for me. I want you to be happy.
I love you, Amy. I've always loved you, ever since that scan showed me a tiny, moving bean inside my belly, and heard your heartbeat. Even when I discovered that your father was a bad man, I still managed to keep you separate from him.
I don't know what you've learnt since my death, and all of this may seem like the crazy ramblings of a woman who took way too many painkillers. I know. I'm still not sure I understand anything. How could magic be real? How could magic be like an addiction --- and addiction that was killing me?
I know that you may not understand what I'm saying, that it may seem crazy to you. Just please remember what I'm saying.
Avoid your father and anybody who looks like him. He'll come and tell you stories, stories about magic and power, and the incredible things you can do. Don't listen to him. It's all lies.
Another thing your father mentioned --- there are other magicians out there. Look for them. Try to learn magic. You'll need it to defend yourself.
I'll write you more letters. I'll try to explain all of this to you. But there are two thing you should remember, Amy:
Avoid your father.
I love you.
Love, Mom

I started crying. Mother knew! She knew what caused her life to be shortened. She knew what happened, and she didn't blame me. 
It felt like the world's weight had fallen off me. While I didn't think it was my fault mother had died (what could a baby do), the weight of it was still with me. That mother knew, that she was still OK with it, changed everything for me. She knew… And she still didn't blame me.
I continued reading. In the following letters, mother told me everything she'd heard from my father, her guesses and observation. It wasn't much, but I could see that she had carefully collected every scrap of information she could.
She also explained why she kept it secret. She didn't want me to feel guilty, she wanted me to live a normal life while I could.
When I finished reading, I felt my eyes were red, but my heart was peaceful. I had accepted my magical nature, and I was more determined than ever to learn magic. I'd need it to defend myself, after all.
I checked the time. If I was quick enough, I still had enough time for a shower and a meal. I put a pizza in the oven and headed to the shower. I had to rush things a bit, but I didn't need to run to the classroom. I just had to walk at a very brisk pace.
I needed to keep my energy in order to avenge my mother.
#
We had the Practical Magic class again. Yes, we had Practical Magic and Magic energy three times a week, on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, with Mondays and Fridays, dedicated to History of Magic and Magical Structures. Four courses per semester, but at an intense pace. I still had all the reading to do (I'd only read the one book), and all the math stuff to figure out. Today, I couldn't afford to go home after class. I had to go to the library.
That's what I was thinking, but when I came to the classroom door, I saw all the ghosts at the door, pacing around. Martinus, Zethe, and a few of the other guys were on the opposite part of the door, leaning against the corridor.
"Why haven't you gone in?" I asked Yllana.
"Somebody put a barrier against ghosts," Yllana said, nodding towards Martinus' coterie. "We can't."
"Really?" I asked, going towards the door. I came in with no problem. I then went out. "I didn't notice any barrier."
A classmate (I think his name is Raibert), seeing me, tried to come in, but couldn't. For some reason, instead of directing his anger at the person who deserved it, he vented at me.
"How come you're the only person who can cross the barrier?" he said. 
"I don't know," I shrugged.
Martinus, who'd been preparing to have some fun, came by too. He was looking at me with an expression of curiosity and surprise.
"I heard about you," Raibert said. "You came out of nowhere, and you got accepted into the school, despite not having any merit to your name. You don't know how to use magic, you don't know the most basic stuff, and nobody has heard of you. And now, you're the only person who can cross the barrier. I bet it's because you," he said, pointing at me, "are one of them," he pointed at Martinus. "That's why he left you alone. I bet your friend is also one of them. I know people who were much better than you two got rejected. The only explanation is that you used your money and your name to get in. Why can't you just come and study like the rest of them?"
The accusation stung. Me, one of those elite jerks? And why are they mixing Yllana into this?
I looked around. Our classmates came by, and, by the looks they were giving me, I could see they believed Raibert. I looked at Martinus.
"Tell them," I said. "Tell them I'm not one of you. Tell them I'm the dirt under your boots."
"Oh, but why would I do that to my cousin? Even if you are a fifth cousin," Martinus said, smiling. "You should have told us if you wanted to study. I'd helped you with the money. You don't have to pretend you're a beggar anymore, dear Amy. We Novaks take care of all branches of our family, even the illegitimate ones."
Why was he doing this? The looks of my classmates, accusing before, were of pure fury now.
"Not only do people like you mistreat us," Raibert said. "But now you take our only opportunities to ever succeed, too? Just so a spoiled rich girl can have some fun?"
"What are you doing? You know I'm not your cousin," I whispered into Martinus' ear. "I'm not even one of you."
He smiled, leaning into my ear. 
"I know," he said. "But they don't. You just gave me a brilliant idea. It's more fun to torture you by making an outcast out of you. Silly pranks are not enough."
That was way worse. Now I would have to bear the hatred of all my classmates, both the ghosts and non-ghosts. 
The Professor then came.
"What are you all doing here?" he asked.
"There is a barrier against ghosts on the door," Alfrida said.
"Really?" the Professor asked, waving his hand at the door. "I removed it. But I will report this to the Dean," he said, looking at Martinus' group. They just shrugged and leisurely came into the class, looking at us like we were dirt.
I came into the class last, facing the looks of hatred from the ghosts and the condescension from Martinus and his group.
By calling me an illegitimate child, he made me an outcast for both groups.
"The task is the same as yesterday," the Professor then said. "We'll be doing this until most of you can keep an even, stable light."
I stared at the crystal ball in my lap, skeptically. It was as inert as yesterday. So I tried to switch it on, like I did yesterday, to end up with a powerful flicker that almost blinded me.
"Even light, Miss Laurendeau. Powerful bursts of magical energy are good for battle magic, and nothing else. But even in battle, you need to fight for more than a minute," I heard the Professor's voice behind me. 
I looked back, saw his dry smile, and he moved on. I stayed there, staring at the ball, trying to adjust the brightness so it would be even. It was hard since I wasn't even sure how I did it. 
You could say the class was a success since at least it wasn't a disaster like yesterday. I didn't end up with magical exhaustion. But try as I might, I couldn't keep the light on for more than a minute, and even then, it would be a constant flicker instead of an even light.
My only consolation was that, whenever I looked around, nobody did that much better at the evenness front. Sure, Martinus and his guys were keeping their light for longer, but theirs still flickered.
I would have been happy about the class ending, except I remembered we had Magic Energy afterward. And I had to face my classmates' anger.
I waited for everybody to get out of class. Yllana stayed, looking at me warily. Martinus stayed, too, probably wanting to see the results of what he'd done.
"Yllana!" I said. "He's lying. It's not true. I've never seen him before. And I don't know how I went through his barrier. It wasn't because he allowed me to go in, that's for sure."
"I'd like to know how you got through the barrier too," Martinus said. "Since I certainly didn't put any exceptions for you."
"I don't know," I said, trying to explain this to Yllana. "Although the Rector asked me how I got through his barrier, too. I still don't know what you're talking about. I saw no barrier."
"Is that the reason you got in?" Yllana asked. 
Martinus was looking with curiosity. I didn't want to say it in front of him, but then I nodded. I didn't want to lose my only friend because of this idiot.
"Yes," I said. "But we better discuss it later."
"OK," Yllana said. "Let's meet at the library after class." And with those words, she left.
Martinus, who observed the entire thing with a smile on his face, tried to mess with me even more.
"You're alone now, you beggar," he said. "I might even leave me alone if you beg well enough. On your knees."
"Oh, bog off!" I said. "You've already done your worst."
"Well, if you say so," Martinus said, shrugging.
We stayed like this for a while. I was trying to kill him with my gaze, and he was trying to gauge me.
"How did you cross the barrier?" Martinus asked. "Or are you really, like that idiot said, one of us? There are only five families that have this talent: Gwendolen, Zawada, Kaffale, Mazza, and Taibi."
"I told you, I don't know. I just crossed it. And my family name is Laurendeau. None of the surnames you've mentioned sound familiar."
"You just crossed it," Martinus repeated, with a strange expression on his face, as if he knew something I didn't.
"Yes. I just went through. I don't know how that happened. I didn't even feel anything."
"Interesting," Martinus said. "You know, if you claimed to be a bastard of one of the families I mentioned, I'd have left you alone."
"I'm proud of my surname," I said. "And I won't lie about it just because of a bully like you who likes to intimidate those who are weaker. Have a good day."
"Have a good day… Amy," Martinus said, with an inscrutable expression.








CHAPTER ELEVEN


"The exercise for today is the same," Professor Enius said. "You're supposed to fill your reserve from the stream. Without getting drunk on energy," he said, looking at me. "Through your skin, not your mouth."
"You absorb energy through your mouth?" Martinus whispered with a smirk. "Like a little child?"
He was sitting next to me and Yllana. He followed me into the class, making it seem like we came together, and continued to annoy me by sitting right behind me. His friends, after a weird look, also joined us, moving our ghost-classmates from their seats. 
Needless to say, this wasn't adding to my popularity.
I ignored him, trying to breathe and not swallow the viscous air. It was annoying, so, after a while, I spat it into my hand. It went there, like honey, still leaving a sweet, sticky feeling in my mouth, but at least I felt some of it go through the hand, once it was so concentrated. 
The guys around me giggled. I looked around. It seemed like they were all observing me.
"She is like a child," Zethe asked. "Martinus, you never told us you had such a pretty cousin."
"That's because she's not," Martinus said, "pretty. And she's only a low magician. You know we don't talk about the mistakes some members of the family make. She was supposed to live quietly and marry whom she was told but look at her. Such a cute rebellion."
"Ah," everybody said, looking at me with interest. "One of those."
"Which is why my uncle wanted to keep her home," Martinus said. "But Amy is so stubborn… She insisted on coming here, despite not understanding about magic… She thinks she can overcome everything through effort alone."
I continued sitting, ignoring the comments, as I tried to keep up the success. It was hard, but I started feeling that sensation in the palm of my hands, on my fingertips, everything becoming sticky, and viscous, and dense. It wasn't a very pleasant sensation.
I kept fighting the desire to swallow, trying to avoid the sticky substance to go through my mouth. I'm not supposed to do it that way, right? But it was hard. Every so often, I needed to swallow, due to an accumulation of saliva in my mouth. You know, like the feeling you get when a dentist is examining your mouth and you're not supposed to swallow. You just have to swallow. It's a compulsion.
Every time I swallowed despite my best efforts, I felt the sticky substance going down towards my core, as if it was my saliva. It was so hard to fight my natural instinct. By the time I was done with the class, I was exhausted, my head hurt, and I was itching to get rid of Martinus. So, when I quickly stood up to go out after the Professor dismissed the class, I was surprised when I felt I couldn't move. 
"Where are you going?" Martinus asked, keeping me immobile with his hand.
"To the library," I said. "I have so much material to study. I need to understand Structural Magic and read the material for Magical History. Unless you wanna help me, cuz." 
I needed to talk to Yllana, make sure she didn't misunderstand me. That last sentence was to get rid of Martinus.
"Sure," Martinus said, leisurely standing up. "I'm happy to help my dear cousin with her studies. I wouldn't want you to fail because I didn't help you enough. Cuz."
"I'll join you another day," Yllana said, looking at Martinus warily. "I need to go back home now."
He made me walk beside him by grabbing my elbow and holding it tightly, under the hateful stares of my ghost classmates. He was making an outsider out of me.
"Why are you doing this?" I asked. "Do you have to destroy me in front of my classmates?"
He shrugged. 
"Your classmates were already too eager to find somebody to blame for their troubles. Somebody weak, not the ones they fear. They're cowards. They'd have picked a victim anyway. Don't worry, cuz, as long as you're with me, you'll be OK."
"It's not like being with you is much better," I said. "And besides, this whole thing is your fault. They wouldn't hate me so much if it weren't for you."
"Oh, trust me," Martinus said. "They'd hate you anyway. You stand out too much, and they're cowards."
I harrumphed. He ignored me.
Once we were in the library, he brought me to the reading section and ordered me to sit there, while he went to take the books for me.
"And believe me," he said waving his hand around me, "I'll know if you move."
"What did you do to me?" I asked.
"Oh, just placed a bug on you. Wherever you go to the Academy, I'll know."
And he left, happy for some reason.
I took my vizor and wrote to Yllana.
"When can I call you? We need to talk."
The message appeared as sent, but Yllana didn't respond for a while. I worried. Did she believe him? Was she going to leave me alone, too, with this strange guy who wanted who knows what from me?
In the end, I felt the vizor warm.
"OK," wrote Yllana. "Write to me when you're free, and I'll call you."
Martinus came with a stack of books, and he placed most of them in front of me, taking one for himself.
"There," he said. "I noticed you understood nothing in the Magical Structures class. For all your big talk, you're pretty dumb. So I chose the dumbest books for you."
I stared at the book titles. They seemed to be selected as an insult for my intelligence. 
'Magical notation for first graders', 'Structures for dummies', 'Remedial magical notation', etc. I rolled my eyes but said nothing. Maybe if I don't show I care, he'll stop bothering me?
#
The books Martinus chose for me were good. They were easy to read, and I understood, on at least a basic level, what that Magical Structures level was about. All the symbols and signs that were used to depict magical spells. It seemed like I would have to memorize a lot. But at least I was getting the hang of it. 
It was peaceful, both of us reading books, me the kids' books, him his book, whatever it was about. 
 After a while, I checked the vizor. It was late. Early morning in Springfield. I had to go to work.
I stood up, returning the books. 
"Where are you going?" Martinus asked.
"Home," I said, not seeing the point in ignoring him further. 
I was sometimes too polite.
He turned a page of his book and looked at me.
"Aren't you going to spend the day here?" he asked, looking at the blue sky. "There's plenty of time until the evening."
"It's none of your business," I said.
"Is your family waiting for you?" he asked.
"You should know," I responded. "Since they're your fifth-degree uncle and aunt. Or is it fourth-degree? I always get confused."
"It's OK if you don't want to tell me," he said. "I'll find out everything I want, anyway."
"Go ahead," I said. "I'm curious, myself, what you'll find. But meanwhile, I'm going home."
#
Martinus escorted me to the door of the Main Hall. Everybody saw us walking side by side. 
Once I was home, I immediately wrote to Yllana. She must have been waiting because she called me immediately.
"Amy! Is it true? Are you one of the junior branches of the Novak family?" Yllana asked. "Have you made peace with Martinus?"
"No," I said. "It's not true. I don't know why he's doing it."
I told Yllana everything about Martinus' plan to destroy my life, and how he spent an evening in the library and helped me, albeit in his manner.
"I don't understand what he's doing at all. Why is he playing with me?" I said in the end.
"I guess he's bored," Yllana said.
"Why doesn't he do something with his friends?" I asked.
"Who knows," Yllana said. "He seemed to be nice to you now. Why don't you try making peace with him? Maybe he'll stop bothering you then."
I guess Yllana is used to this since she lives in this world. Well, I'm not. I want to be treated with respect.
"He's an oversexed, egotistical, selfish, arrogant son of a bitch," I told Yllana. "And he seems hell bent on destroying me. How would I make peace with him? I don't think anything I'll say will change his mind."
"They're all oversexed. And frustrated. And bored. Because he and his friends are decent guys and follow the law. And you know how horny teenage boys can be," Yllana said. "So I guess he tries to relieve his frustration by playing games with people. Trust me, this is not half as twisted as the things my brothers did to me before they got married."
"Wait," I said. "You mean…"
"That all the high magicians who aren't engaged or married are still virgins, yes. At least the law-abiding ones. Unless they're bisexual or gay," Yllana responded. "Because of the prohibition for relationships with anybody but a high-level female magician. And there's fewer of them than guys, and they live very sheltered lives."
"Like you," I said.
"Like me," Yllana said. 
"Still, that doesn't mean he gets to go being a jerk to everybody," I said. "I'm also a virgin. I don't do that."
"Some of them ignore the prohibition," Yllana said. "Which leads to those girls living such a brief life. Some will do that for enough money. But Martinus doesn't do that. I told you. Deep down, he's decent."
"And how do you know that?" I asked.
"I've heard rumors," Yllana said. "Besides, Martinus is oversexed."
"He does look like he's never been laid, right?" I said, amused. "I'd just wish he didn't take his frustration on me."
"I grew up around two brothers," Yllana said. "And let me tell you, they were both unpleasant between the time they hit puberty and their engagement. My sisters-in-law have a civilizing effect on them. Men without women can be assholes. I'm sure Martinus would be the same."
"Great," I said. "But I just don't understand it. If he's so desperate to get laid, why can't he find a girlfriend? He's rich. Why can't he find a suitable girl for himself? Even if he has to marry her."
"Well…" Yllana said. "Marriages between high magicians are for life. The magic needs to be compatible. And Martinus hasn't found a compatible partner yet."
"Really?" I asked with curiosity. "And how do they find compatibility?"
"When two magicians exchange their magic, and it mixes," Yllana said. 
"And how does this exchange happen?" I asked.
"With a kiss," Yllana said, blushing. 
"You mean, you go around kissing guys until you find a compatible one?" I asked.
Yllana blushed more.
"Something like that, yes. Some pre-compatibility tests are done to determine whether it works. But only a kiss will determine real compatibility," Yllana explained.
"And how many guys have you kissed so far?" I asked, teasing her.
"Three," Yllana said. "And none were fully compatible. That's why I'm still single and able to attend the Academy. I'd be too busy nursing a baby otherwise."
"You mean, your dating pool is only limited by those who are magically compatible with you?" I asked. "How many guys can fulfill those criteria?"
"Well," Yllana said. "Before any pre-compatibility test, my parents will only accept a guy who's rich and successful enough by their standards, and who can pay enough bride price. And once you reduce the pool that much, it's harder to find somebody suitable. But men don't get to have high standards. I've heard the Novak family was looking among any magical family with a daughter, even the poorest ones. They haven't found anybody yet. And they've been looking."
"A bride price?" I asked, shocked. "You still have those antiquated customs here?"
"We do," Yllana said. "And they have existed forever. Just so you know, it recently appeared in the papers that the Yaldai family paid, on behalf of Teyo Yaldai, four hundred million ducats for Elspeth Moresi. It was the wedding of the decade. And Elspeth wasn't forced. That's just how things work among us."
"So, are you saying, if a girl belongs to a family of high magicians, she can be bought and sold," I said, in shock.
"It's more complicated than that," Yllana said, condescendingly. "The girl has to agree. But families have ways to… convince people. Besides, magical compatibility is quite a powerful thing. It activates some of the baser instincts. It's very hard to resist a guy who's compatible with you. Your magic will drive your feelings, making you fall in love with him. In the end, you'd even like it."
"I'm glad I'm not one of you," I said. "I grew up in a world where I can do whatever I want. But, anyway, going back to Martinus. If he can't get laid, but he still wants to have sex, why doesn't he try other alternatives? I'm sure there's some girl somewhere willing to do that. Not every form of sex gets you pregnant."
Despite our pastors' protests, we got a sex-ed class in high school. In my sophomore year.
"Because high magicians have more limitations than that," Yllana said. "And they don't get discussed that much, because they only pertain to them, and high magicians prefer to keep private about their more specific requirements."
"You mean, those things aren't in books?" I asked.
"At least not in the books we got on the reading lists for classes, no," Yllana said. "There are many complications when your magic is so powerful and concentrated. You need to learn careful control, and sex is the time when everybody, including magicians, loses control. So, when that happens, and they release magic, if there's another person there, and that person is weaker, it will harm one of the two people."
"And what does compatibility mean?" I asked.
"Compatibility is to know whether you can have talented children," Yllana said. "But nobody will allow their daughters to date, somebody, if it won't lead to marriage. And without compatibility, there's no marriage."
"Now I know way more than I wanted about his sex life," I said, "but I'm still nowhere close to solving the problem."
"At least you understand where it comes from," Yllana said. "And how hard it will be to get rid of him. Your best chance is finding him a fiancée. My brothers changed magically when they got engaged."








CHAPTER TWELVE


The next morning, I got a call on my vizor from an unknown number. 
I was eating a slice of pizza, interspersing it with bites of a chocolate doughnut (I like the sweet-umami combination), dunking it down with a hot chocolate. 
I stared at my vizor. I knew Yllana's number, and I'd saved my ghost classmates' numbers on my phone. Who could this be? I accepted the call, putting it on video, just to see who was calling.
Martinus Novak was now staring at me, while I was standing in my kitchen, in a bathrobe, with wet hair and no makeup, with a big pizza and an enormous box of doughnuts in front of me. Martinus stared at me with a weird intensity. I looked down. My chest was decently covered with the robe, not an inch of skin visible. As for my appearance… Well, I'm not going to put makeup on just for him.
"So that is your actual face," he said. "You aren't wearing a mask."
"Yep," I said, gobbling up another slice of pepperoni pizza. "Although I don't know what you expected. Do you really think I'm the bastard daughter of a highly ranking family and I'm hiding that? Why would I do that?"
"If you aren't," Martinus said. "Why aren't you scared of antagonizing me?"
"I'm just not," I shrugged. "Although I'd rather you leave me alone. Have a nice day."
And I hung up, saving his number. He gave me another call, but I ignored him. I went to the Academy a bit earlier than necessary, because I wanted to avoid coming to class with Martinus.
He was waiting for me.
"I think I know what your problem with Practical Magic is," he said. "And I can help you."
"And why would you do that?" I asked, going to the class, while he followed me. 
Nobody was inside, but the door was open. I came in, sitting in a far corner.
He took a crystal ball and tossed it towards me.
"Start the exercise," he said. "I'll observe."
"And why would I do that?" I asked, staring at the ball.
"If you do it," he said, "I'll leave you alone for the day. And I'll help you figure out how to do this."
I looked at him, trying to surmise his intention, but his face was inscrutable. I shrugged and started the exercise. It's not like there was any harm to extra practice. He took a notebook and took notes while observing me.
In both classes of the day, I kept struggling, without achieving anything. It seemed like magic was not my thing.
#
"This is so hard," I told Yllana. "It doesn't seem like I'll be able to go to the next year. I wonder if studying just for a year is of any use. It seems like I'll have to live without magic."
I don't think a years' worth of magical education will help me much against my father. What could a mere student do against a criminal magician?
"But you are a magician," Yllana said. "Even if you're living in an isolated world. You can't spend all your life without magic."
"Why not?" I asked. "I've managed so far. I would be sad leaving you alone in the Academy, but I'm sure you'll manage."
"I'll manage," Yllana said. "Although I'd miss you. But no, the issue is with you. You won't manage."
"Why?" I asked. "I've lived fine without magic all my life."
At least, without the conscious use of magic.
"Because living without magical energy is not good for you," Yllana said. "Magic is part of your life energy. Magicians depend on it a lot more than ordinary humans. We also live longer lives than humans do; many magicians live until they're two hundred years old."
"Wow," was the only thing I could say. "But I don't need to live for two hundred years. I'm happy living eighty good years. If I lived two hundred years on Earth, they'd burn me as a witch."
Or worse, put me in a lab and study me like a rat. Or a hamster? Maybe like a monkey.
"But that also means the opposite," Yllana said. "Without magic, we live brief lives. And you won't be able to get enough magic from that isolated world of yours. If you work hard enough at the Academy and learn how to build portals, you could come to Marn. That's the world where the Academy is."
"How short?" I asked.
"Until you're thirty," Yllana said. "No more. Your body has been starving of magic. You know why magic is so bad for ordinary people? Because they get used to it, and their body starts needing it. Well, magicians also need it; they're just able to accumulate it."
"I'm eighteen," I said. "Does that mean I only have twelve years to live?"
"Yes, if you don't get out of your planet," Yllana said. "If you don't believe me, get examined by a Healer tomorrow. They'll tell you the same thing."
"This is a bit too much for me," I said. "Let me digest it."
"I'm sorry for giving you the bad news," Yllana said. "But I like you. I don't want you to live a short life and die miserably."
"Thanks," I said. "I'll consider it. Are you going home now? I can't stay here; I have to go to work."
"I also need to go home," Yllana said. "My aunt came to visit me and is taking me shopping. This day will last an eternity."

I spent the whole shift thinking, although I still got all my orders right on autopilot. I have quite a good memory; I never forget a face or an order, even if I'm not paying attention. Still, the lack of personal attention meant I got fewer tips than usual.
After I came home, I started pacing my apartment, restless, trying to figure out what to do.
First, I would go to a Healer, as Yllana said. I looked at the watch. It was very early morning in Marn, but maybe the Healing section would be open?
#
I'd memorized the layout of the Academy, and more or less knew where the Healing section was. As I waded through the empty halls, I kept having doubts. Would they help me? I was only here in my ethereal form. Would they send me back, unable to help?
But, after a while standing there, looking at the bright light of the Healing unit, I finally breathed and come in.
A lady in a green robe was sitting behind a desk, looking at me with amusement.
"I was about to come out and invite you," she said. "But it seems you mustered the courage to come in. Did you come in for an examination, Miss…?"
"Yes," I said. "I'm Amy Laurendeau, a student in the Distance Department. If that's possible. I was told I may have problems…"
"I can see some of the issues," she said, "but I can't see the full of extent of your issues without a full scan. Would you like one?"
"Yes," I said and paused. "But I have no money, so, if I need to pay…"
"Don't worry about that," she said, standing up and coming towards me. "The Academy provides free Healer services to all students. Now, can you lie on that bed?" 
She pointed at an examination table. I moved towards it and lay there.
"This may hurt," the healer told me. "You may even lose your consciousness."
Wait, it would hurt? 
I wanted to say, wait a minute, I think I want to reconsider… When she pointed a crystal at me and waved, a wave of pain began. I shouted, or at least I think I did. And it seems like I did lose consciousness. 
"Can I see her results?" I heard a voice. Martinus? Here? 
"Not without the patients' permission," the healer said.
I sat on the chair, although it felt like my head was split in two.
"Whatever he says," I said. "Is not true. I do not give him permission to see the result of my medical test. Now, can you tell me what you saw in private?"
"Of course, Miss Laurendeau," the healer said. Then, turning towards Martinus, "Mr. Novak, please let me speak in private with my patient. If she wants to, she'll tell you the results herself."
He seemed annoyed, but he still left. The Healer sat behind the desk again, inviting me to sit in front of her.
"So, what did your test reveal?" I asked.
"Miss Laurendeau," she started saying. "Are you aware that I need to report this?" she said, pointing at the folder.
"Why?" I asked. "Don't I get privacy?"
"Not where a crime is suspected. I have the obligation to report this," she said, pointing at the file in her hand.
"What does it say?" I asked, now very nervous. "I didn't do anything. I even learned about magic a week ago! I couldn't have committed a magic crime."
Was this about whatever my father had been doing to me? Whatever it was, it won't be good for me.
"You're the victim of a magical crime, Miss Laurendeau," she said, looking at me seriously. "The way your ethereal body is broken, the scars you carry, can only result from severe abuse. It looks like you were starved of magic…"
"That's because I live in an isolated world," I said, quickly. "Could it be because of that?"
She paused, considering this information.
"Did you experience dizziness, extreme appetite, weight loss, lack of energy, low physical form, brain fog, nausea, depression, emotional outbursts?" she said, listing the symptoms I had read from the book.
"I did," I said. "But, as I grew up, only the extreme appetite and the low physical form stayed. I got used to it. I'm doing fine now."
"You could generate magic," the healer said, "which is how you survived. But then, you'd lose your magic almost immediately as you produced it."
"I have a theory about that," I said. "And there's no crime in it."
I explained to her my theory, about mother, her damaged body, and me keeping her alive on an unconscious level.
"That's not possible," the healer said. "Kids' magic is a lot more unformed than that. Somebody formed your magic. They broke your magical accumulator, making you pump energy outside, without storing it at all. That kind of damage can only result from conscious action."
"But," I tried to gather my thoughts, which were scattered around my empty brain. "Why would anyone do that?"
What was my father trying to do?
"I can tell you what they did," the healer said. "As for the who and why, that's for the police to investigate. Magical police. I've already sent them a report."
"Already?" I stammered. "You mean, there is nothing I can do to stop you?"
"Yes," the healer said.
"Tell me what the report says," I ordered her. 
I had already gotten in trouble. Might as well learn what it's all about.
The healer opened the folder, showing me a picture of something that looked like an outline of a human body, but with lots of lines inside.
"This is how your ethereal body looks like," she said. Then she took a different picture, placing it next to mine. "And that's how the ethereal body of a healthy magician looks like."
I stared at the images, trying to see the difference. The image of the healthy magician had a core, with channels going in and out of it, going through the whole body. The thicker channels linked to the outside through tiny channels on the surface of the skin. It looked like the blood circulation system, with the heart at the center. Mine… Didn't have a core.
"Magicians can store magic in their bodies," the healer said. "Which is why even those who can regenerate mostly don't. They can absorb energy from their surroundings and self-regulate the levels of magic. You, Miss Laurendeau, function by constantly generating magic, or by constantly absorbing it. You then pump it outside at the slightest provocation and then regenerate the energy by using your body's resources. You're constantly starved of magic."
"And what does that mean?" I asked, staring at the picture. "Will they kick me out of the Academy?"
I guess I would be fine with that. Sure, at first, it was exciting, but now, it was becoming dangerous.
"It's worse than that," the healer said. "If you continue living in that world, where there are no external sources of energy, you'll burn to death in five years. Regenerating magic is costly."
"Five years?" I exclaimed. "And if I come here, to Marn?"
"You might live a normal life," the healer said. "And maybe we could even fix your channels. With enough training."
I couldn't come here, not from Earth, since I don't know where the portal is.
"And what if I continue distance learning?" I asked. "Coming here in my ethereal form? I feel better after I started coming to the Academy."
"You could extend your life, a little," the healer said, "but you wouldn't be able to live a full life."
And what should I do now? 

I went out of the healer's room and saw Martinus there.
"You," I said, "are the last person I want to see. Please have the decency to leave me alone today."
"Bad news?" he asked. 
"Criminally bad," I said. "By the way, do I have the right to keep quiet when the police question me?"
"Yes," he said, blinking. "Did you commit a crime?"
I shrugged and took the vizor, fiddling with the menu.
"What are you trying to do?" Martinus asked, leaning over me.
"Delete everything here," I said.
"And why would you do that?" he asked me.
"I'd like to know that, too," a voice behind me said.








CHAPTER THIRTEEN


I turned around. There were two men in uniforms, standing there. One had a vizor on recording.
"Miss Laurendeau, is it?" said the one with more stripes on his shoulder.
"Yes," I said. "And who are you?"
"I'm Colonel Teyo Yaldai," he said. "And this is Captain Aegisthus Kaffale, from the Heinous Magical Crimes Unit."
I heard a whistling sound. It was Martinus.
"What are you doing here, Martinus?" the Colonel asked, obviously recognizing him. 
"I'm her friend," he said, obviously not willing to lie about our familial relationship to the police, although still quite liberal with the truth.
"Well, I need to ask a few questions to your friend," the Colonel said. "And ask her to hand in her vizor."
I had no intention of giving them the vizor. It still contained my father's photo, which I put on it, when I didn't think somebody else would look through it.
"Do you have a warrant?" I asked.
"No," he said. "But we don't need it. Your vizor is Academy property, and the Academy must collaborate with us on heinous crime investigation. Hand me the vizor, Miss Laurendeau. While we're being nice."
Captain Kaffale approached me. He was way bigger than I was, and they could use magic. I gave him the vizor.
"Please come with us, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said.
"I can't go outside the Academy," I told them. 
"That's alright, we can use a classroom," the Colonel said.
I shrugged. I wasn't sure I cared anymore. They'd figure it out soon enough. What was the point of resisting?
 
The classroom they chose to question me was small. They sat me behind a desk, and both of them sat in front of me, with their vizors recording. The Captain was looking into my vizor. I was confused and lost, not sure what was happening anymore.
"Would you like to make a statement, Miss Laurendeau?" the Colonel said.
"No," I said.
"That's unfortunate," he said. "But, in cases like yours, we don't need the victim's statement to investigate. We must investigate, and we can force you to act as a witness."
"And what if I don't comply?" I asked.
"Trust me," the Colonel paused. "You wouldn't want to know. So, please tell us, who tortured you?"
"Nobody," I said. "Like I told the healer."
"We aren't here because of the healer's report," he said. "Your teachers noticed some anomalies, and we started investigating. By the time the healer's report came in, we were about to investigate more deeply. That report just confirmed that there was something serious going on."
"You mean, you'd have come anyway, even if I didn't get scanned?" I asked, feeling less stupid about the visit to the Healer.
"Yes," the Colonel said. "Now please tell us what happened."
I told them the version I gave the healer, about how mother ended up pregnant with a high magician, and my unconscious child magic kept her alive.
"That is unlikely," the Colonel said. "The damage you show was caused deliberately, over many years. Try to think, Miss Laurendeau," he grabbed my hand, but I fought to release it, "was there anybody who you regularly saw, after which you felt worse?"
"Nobody," I replied. "I can't think of anybody. I told you, there are no magicians on Earth. Except maybe my father, but I have no idea who he is."
"Colonel," the Captain said. "I found this."
He showed the Colonel the photo. 
"Wow! If it isn't the man on top of our Most Wanted list!" the Colonel said. Then he turned to me. "How do you have this photo? And before you say anything else, let me remind you that hiding a criminal is an offense."
"My mother gave it to me," I said. "He's my father. I don't think I have to report my father, do I?"
They stared at me with horror.
"So he did it with his daughter," the Colonel said, in horror. "No wonder the Morad family kicked him out."
"Did they kick him out?" I asked. "Who-is-who just said his status is unknown."
"That's probably because it's an old edition," the Colonel said.
"That means I'm not part of the Morad family, right?" I asked. 
"Not unless they recognize you," the Colonel said.
"Good," I replied. "I want nothing to do with them. And Colonel, could you keep it a secret? From the Morad family and the Academy. I'm quite happy being Amy Laurendeau, my mother's daughter."
The Colonel nodded.
"There is no reason to inform the Morads about this," he said, "since Mahalat is not one of them anymore."
"What will happen now, Colonel?" I asked. 
The Colonel and the Captain exchanged a look.
"We need to find Mahalat," the Colonel said. "And we have strong reason to believe he's somewhere close to you. We need to get him out of that world, come here, to Marn, reveal himself. And for that, we need to bring you here."
"Bring me here? You mean bring my body to Marn? From Earth?" I asked.
"Yes," the Colonel said. "We'll need to prepare for it, get official permission, everything. But we'll be able to bring you here in a day."
"A day?" I asked. "You'll bring me here tomorrow?"
"We need to do this quickly," the Colonel said. "Before we spook Mahalat. He is careful. He hasn't been on our Most Wanted for years without getting caught for nothing."
"Will I be able to go back to Earth once you bring me here?" I asked. 
"On your own, unlikely. Maybe if you become an Archmage," the Colonel said.
"So I'd be leaving Earth forever," I said.
"Cheer up," the Colonel said. "That world is killing you. Magicians can't live in isolated worlds."
"It's still home," I said. "It's where my family is. My mother's grave. And I'd be coming here, where I know nothing. Where would I live? How would I make a living?"
"You'll be placed in a safe house at first," the Colonel said. "And after that, you'll have to find a job. Or you can get married. Or contact your father's family."
None of the options he was suggesting were viable. Get a job? I have no idea what jobs they have here. Get married? To whom? Contact my crazy psychopath father's family? The question answers itself.
I'd be losing a lot by coming here. It only made sense if what the Healer said was true. That I would just die on Earth. Considering how mother's life ended… It was probably true. 
On the one hand, this is my only chance to get out of Earth. I'll die in less than five years if I stay there, and my crazy father is running some kind of experiment on me, without me realizing it. On the other hand, I'd be coming to Marn, a world full of magic whose rules I don't understand, and a place where I'd be a second-grade citizen by virtue of being a woman. A clannish society where I won't have the protection of a family.
I weighted my choices. I'm young. I can work hard. I can make a life here, with hard work. There is nothing that ties me to Earth. And I want to live.
I had to use this opportunity to save myself.
 "What can I bring?" I asked the Colonel.
"A small backpack," he said. "No more."
"Can I choose not to come to Marn?" I asked the Colonel.
"You can," he said. "You're a free person. But we are only offering to build you a portal now."
"And how long do I have to decide?" I asked.
"Five minutes," he said. "I'll start preparing the paperwork as soon as we're done here."
"OK," I said.
It would be hard. But I wanted to live.
"I'm in," I said. 
#
By the time they finished questioning me, the Fundamentals of Magic class was finished, and the Magical Energy class was in its middle. It would be easier to skip the entire thing than to go, I decided, as I went out of the small room. To my surprise, Martinus was there.
"Why are you still here?" I asked him. "Shouldn't you be in class?"
He shrugged. 
"It's not like I'll miss that much," he said. "And I was curious."
"Well, I won't tell you anything," I said. "I'm not wasting any more of my time with you. I have bigger issues than some petty bully."
"What kind of issues?" Martinus asked. 
"I'm not telling you," I said, going towards the Main Hall. I had to pack my belongings.
"I'll learn about them anyway," Martinus said.
I shrugged.
"Do your worst."
#
Once at home, I started packing. It was good I donated all of mothers' stuff and threw away most of my things. I could donate the rest of my clothes in one go.
There was another issue. I had savings; meager savings, but they still cost me quite a bit of effort. So, after donating all my clothes, I went to the ATM and took out all the savings I had and went to our local pawn shop. I had to buy stuff I could bring with me, stuff I could sell later. 
For the two thousand dollars I had, I bought a gold locket necklace, a sapphire bracelet, a small platinum ring, and a pearl necklace. I hope I covered all the bases here. Who knows what is valuable in Marn? One thing is for sure — paper dollars are not.
Since I was only allowed to carry a small backpack, I had to be strategic about it.
I took the notebook I used to make notes about magic and a pen; my good clothes; the notebook with mother's letter to me; mothers' photos, and the jewelry I just bought. 
I then texted the landlord I was clearing the house by next week, and threw away every item that couldn't be donated, leaving the apartment bare. I was ready. Now what? Should I say goodbye?
 
I dropped by Jemma's to hand in my resignation in person. I was friends only with Gary; our goodbye was brief and not too emotional.
"I'm going to college," I said. "And I'm moving out of Springfield."
"Will you be coming back?" he asked.
"I don't think so," I shrugged. "Everything in this town reminds me of mother. I need to build my life and move on."
"Fair enough," Gary said. "Good luck."
 
I also went to the rectory, where the pastor and his wife treated me to another tray of scones and tea.
"So you're leaving town," the pastor said.
"Yes," I said. "I've chosen the college I want to go to, I have some savings, I want to figure out things before the semester starts. Thanks for the support, pastor. I'm grateful."
"Will you come by to Springfield in the summer?" the pastor asked.
"No," I shook my head. "I'm moving on. Springfield is the town where mother died, a town that ties me to the past. I need to build my future."
"Well, bless you," the pastor said. "I'll pray for you."
 
I brought a bouquet of roses to mother's grave. I kneeled on it, saying my goodbye.
"You'll always be in my heart," I told her. "But I can't be tied to your grave. I'm sure you'd want me to be safe."
That was the goodbye that took the longest. I didn't cry. I just sat there, saying goodbye to a stone on top of the earth that held my mother's rotten body, trying to convince myself I made the right choice. 
 
And with that, I had dealt with everything that tied me to Earth. Admittedly, it's not that much. Maybe moving is a good idea.

#
When Amy left, Martinus turned towards Teyo. They knew each other for a long time; their families were allies. 
 "Why are you here?" he asked Teyo. "You only investigate the most heinous of magical crimes. I've heard about some of them. What could she be involved in that deserves your attention?"
"And why do you care?" Teyo said. "I've heard about you from an informant who's studying at the Academy. You and I know she's no cousin of yours."
"I thought it would be fun to tease her a bit," Martinus said. "But, after I saw her cross the barrier, I got curious."
"What barrier?" Teyo asked.
"Well, I put an anti-ghost barrier on the classroom door. She crossed it like it was nothing," Martinus explained.
"Interesting," Teyo said. "Could you tell me what type of barrier you used?" 
"A standard one," Martinus shrugged.
Teyo took out his notebook and started drawing. Martinus tried to check what he was doing, but he only got a glimpse. A very brief glimpse, but it seemed like Teyo was drawing the interactions of the schematics of a ghost barrier with… something?
"I can see how that could happen," Teyo said. "Considering…"
"What?" Martinus asked.
"Not your business," Teyo said. "Anyway, Martinus, leave that girl alone. Or you'll have to deal with me."
"May I remind you that you are married? Why do you care about a random girl?"
"Because she's had enough in her life," Teyo said. "And she doesn't need you messing with her on top of that. Leave the girl alone, Martinus. I understand she makes you curious, and she's pretty, but don't play with her."
"Should I talk with Elspeth?" Martinus asked, teasing his friend.
"Go ahead," Teyo shrugged. "But then I'll tell your mother about your behavior. Trust me, she won't like it."
"Now that I know there's a big secret about her," Martinus said, "I'm even more curious. What kind of heinous crime could she have witnessed? Or been victim of?"
"Stay out of it," Teyo told him. "You're inexperienced, and not even half as good as you think you are. Don't try to do anything."
"I know more than you think," Martinus said, taking out his notebook. "I can even guess what the healer saw. I observed her very carefully during class yesterday. She has the magical habits of a child. A child that wasn't allowed to develop. She even absorbs energy through her mouth."
"Give me that," Teyo said, trying to grab the notebook.
"And why would I do that?" Martinus asked. 
"To help a friend? And because it would help a police investigation?" Teyo said. He knew there was no chance of forcing Martinus since he was the scion of one of the most powerful families. He couldn't force him through a warrant; there would be a team of lawyers debating and fighting him for a decade before he got the materials. By which time it would be pointless.
"You can do better," Martinus said. 
"And what do you want?" Teyo asked.
"I want to know what all this," Martinus waved in the direction Amy left, "is all about."
"Alright," Teyo said. "I'll tell you what I can, OK?"
"Deal," Martinus said.
"She's a high magician. A very broken high magician who has lived in a world with no magic. Having to generate magic every day, her body fighting for life. That's why she's so broken."
Martinus gave him the notebook, his face grim.
"How could a magician's child end up living in an isolated world?" he asked. "Who is her family?"
"She's got no family," Teyo said. "She's an orphan. And that's everything I can tell you."
And with that, he left, checking the contents of the notebook. Martinus made very detailed observations. Some of the things he noted weren't even in the healer's report.








CHAPTER FOURTEEN


After packing everything I would bring with myself into a small backpack, I ate some dinner and went to sleep, back to the Academy. It was Friday today. In less than a week, my life had been overturned. I learned who my father was, why my mother got ill. Now, I was leaving Earth. The Colonel didn't mention what time he was bringing me, and I still had classes to attend. If I was moving to this unfamiliar world, I better start learning about it, right?
I arrived on time, and saw Yllana there, with the rest of my ghost classmates, standing in the corridor.
"Hi," I said, approaching her. My classmates gave me a dirty look but said nothing.
"Hi, Amy," she said. "Did you do what I told you to?" 
"I did," I said. "But I can't tell you the results. Let's just say, I've had to make some life-changing decisions."
That's when Martinus came and gave me a strange look. I froze. Was he going to play some prank now? I couldn't deal with this shit right now.
"Hi, cuz," he said. Then looking at my classmates. "What are you doing here? Go sit in the class."
They looked at him, and then, slowly, one by one, went into the class, sitting in the chairs instead of standing on the stairs. The other classmates allowed this, with no comment, in silence. It seemed like they respected Martinus' authority.
I also went inside, with Yllana, sitting on the fourth row, in the middle. There was an empty seat on my right, but nobody seemed keen on sitting next to me. Well, whatever. 
"What kind of animal bit him?" I asked her. "Because I don't understand. I thought he was about to do something nasty."
"I told you he's a basically decent guy," she told me. "He rarely plays status games."
"You should listen to your friend, cuz," I heard a voice from my right. "Because she's right. She seems to be a lot more reasonable person than you."
I was about to say something when Professor Alday came in. Today's lecture was not as world shattering as the previous one. Just the story of Marn, how they built the portal system, and how the Confederation was formed, through wars, intrigue, and marriage. I listened intently, as this was the history of the world I was coming into. I had no time to talk.
At the end of the class, when everybody started leaving, Martinus blocked my path.
"You know I can go through you," I told him. "And it will be unpleasant."
"Try," he said.
I tried and hit against his knee. I tried to push, but he was stronger than me.
"How can you do this?" I asked.
He showed me a ring, a massive gold ring with a big ruby in its center. 
"Is that what I think it is?" Yllana asked. 
"If you think this is a necromancer's ring, which allows to catch spirits, you're right," Martinus said, with a smirk. "You can go," he told Yllana. "I just want to talk to your little friend here."
Yllana started going. Martinus moved his leg aside, unblocking the way. Yllana turned a bit before going.
"Don't worry," Martinus said. "I will treat your friend as if she was my real cousin. I won't do anything bad."
She nodded and left. I stayed, watching him with a weary expression. First, he was nice. Then he wanted to talk with me. What was this about?
"What do you want?" I asked Martinus, sitting three chairs away from him. He could touch me now, and I didn't want his hands anywhere near me.
He smiled.
"I just want to help," he said. "Teyo told me about you."
"He had no right!" I exclaimed. Being the result of my father's sick experiment was enough. Having everybody know about it was worse. "I told him to keep it secret from everybody. And if he told you…"
"And what do you think Teyo told me?" Martinus asked, interested.
I paused. It seemed like the Colonel didn't tell Martinus everything. He was fishing for information.
"I don't know," I shrugged. "But just so you know, it's not your business. None of it is."
"A beautiful girl who's in danger is any gentleman's business," Martinus disagreed.
I stared at him in disbelief. Was he flirting with me?
"Wait," I said. "You like me now? I'm not a beggar and a mongrel to you anymore?"
"Well, now that I know you're one of us…" Martinus said.
"Oh, so you're a racist. Or chauvinist. Or whatever the name is for those who only treat their fellow high magicians like humans," I said. 
He shrugged.
"I'm who I am," he said. "And, since you're one of us, you must learn to deal with people like me. Trust me, most of them are much less open-minded than I am."
"You? Open-minded?" I scoffed. "I didn't know you were such a joker."
"You'd be surprised," he said, sitting beside me, putting his hand on my shoulder, and leaning into my ear. "I can be many things."
"What I see right now is a lonely, sad, pathetic guy," I said. "Who's trying to skirt the rules. I may be one of you, but if so, is what you're doing appropriate? Would you court one of your own like this?"
"There would be no courtship," Martinus said. "Her family wouldn't allow it, not without serious intentions. But with you… I'm not sure there are rules here. We can have some fun."
"Ah, no," I said. "I also expect serious intentions from my suitors. I'm keeping myself for marriage. So don't even think about it without a ring."
"A ring?" Martinus asked.
"That's what a guy gives a girl he wants to marry. A ring. With a diamond. I want a big diamond," I said. "And now, move."
I think Martinus was quite shocked because he let me go without saying a word.
I don't want a ring, nor am I keeping myself for marriage. But that seems to be the only language he understands.
#
When I arrived at the Structural Magic class, Yllana waved. The seat next to her was free, and it was the last chair in the row. Great!
I sat next to her, with a smile on my face.
"What happened?" Yllana asked.
"He made a move on me," I said. "And I demanded a marriage offer. I'm sure he'll leave me alone."
"But that means…" Yllana said.
"Apparently," I said. "I'm one of you. At least that's what the healer said yesterday."
"Really?" Yllana said, surprised. "But how could that happen? You told me you live in an isolated world. Gosh, Amy," her eyes filled with tears, and she hugged me. "It must have been so hard for you! I had no idea."
I hugged her back, unsure what it was all about. 
"I'll tell you some of it," I whispered. "When we can have a private conversation."
"I'll wait," Yllana said. 
Professor Strasser came, and the class started. Thanks to the basic books Martinus gave me, it wasn't so hard to follow anymore. It was still bloody hard. My brain just isn't made for math.
At the end of the class, when I and Yllana were about to go out, I saw the Colonel in the corridor. Yllana did, too.
"What's he doing here?" she whispered, panicking. "How did he find out? I was so careful."
Yllana was from a high magic family. She was afraid of the Colonel. Was Yllana's real surname Yaldai?
"Don't worry," I said. "He's on my behalf. Stay here, I'll go with him."
"Thanks," Yllana said, staying back, pretending to take notes from the blackboard. 
I quickly went towards the Colonel, eager to get him away from Yllana. Sure, it seemed like Yllana was wearing a mask, but wouldn't her brother be able to recognize her? 
"Colonel!" I said. "Nice to see you. You didn't tell me when you'd be organizing this. Shall we go, then?"
"That's because I didn't know when it would happen, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said. "But I've got all the relevant permissions. Follow me."
I followed him, and he went towards the faculty's offices. We reached the Rector's office, and the Colonel knocked.
The Rector, and the young woman who sat next to him (I think her name was Edolia, but I didn't get her surname) during my examination, were there, with an elderly man. They all stared at me with curiosity.
"We can't create a portal to your world," the Colonel said, "nor can we use the existing one without the criminal learning we're onto him. But fortunately, there is a way to bring you to Marn. We'll use the link you have with the Academy to bring you here. That's why I needed to tell the faculty. Rector Faine, Magister Basara, thank you for your collaboration. This," he said, pointing at the old man, "is Archmage Er Moresi. He'll be the one building the portal."
I nodded to everybody.
"Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said, "we'll return you to your body now. You need to sit somewhere, preferably on the ground, outside. Sit there as quietly as possible, and we'll start pulling you in through the link. I must tell you, though," he looked at Archmage Moresi apologetically, "that, despite Archmage Moresi's experience, there is still a certain danger. That's the reason we are returning you to your body. While we were going to pull just your body first, it was decided that there was too much risk of permanent separation. You've got fifteen minutes once you're in your world. And remember; you have to be still."
He then waved his hand, and I went back to Earth.
#
Back in my apartment, I went to the toilet, collected the backpack, and headed outside. I left the key of the apartment in the postbox, like I told the landlord, and headed to the park. While our park is quite a decent place, it's full of people during the day. I didn't want anybody to see me disappear, so I went to the shadier part of the park, the one where you can encounter needles and broken glass on the floor. Once I found a sufficiently clean place, I sat on the floor. I checked the vizor. I still had five minutes. I looked around; nobody was here. Good.
"Excuse me, Miss," I heard from behind. I turned around, spooked. "Have we met before?"
I recognized him. It was the annoying customer who left me a twenty-dollar tip for a ten-dollar order. What was he doing here? He was wearing a suit. Men like that shouldn't be in this area; not unless they're buying stuff. But he didn't look like a junkie, either. Could he be…
"No," I lied, wanting to get rid of him before I left. "I don't remember you."
I tried to leave, but he grabbed my arm.
"Well, I remember you, Miss Loh-ren-do," he hissed, and then smiled in a really creepy way.
I released my hand by turning his arm and hitting him in the shins. Then I ran. Whatever he wanted, it wasn't good. I had to get him off my tail.
I knew the park well. I had crossed it hundreds of times, at night, with a flashlight. I knew this place well. There's no chance I could outrun that man, not if he followed me. And I needed to stay still. I checked the time. I had two minutes left.
I quickly reached the crowded area of the park and slowed down. I looked back. Nobody seemed to be following me. So I turned left from one of the roads in the park to the right, where I could hide. 
It was a big hole in the ground, left from the time when a storm made one of the gigantic oak trees fall. They were always about to cover it up, but then it grew some grass and looked OK, so they never bothered. If you lay in it, nobody can see you unless they're a few yards from you.
I lay there, begging for the transfer to Marn to start soon. If I was right, and the man who had been looking for me was my father…
"Did you think you could hide?" A voice said from above, suddenly. I sat up. He was sitting there, looking at me with an amused expression.
That's when the pain started. I felt my body tearing away, ripped, pulled, dragged. I felt I was being skinned alive, and all my organs were moving around my body as if floating in the water. It hurt, it hurt so much that I couldn't even cry. I'm not sure how long it lasted because I lost memory of what happened afterward.








CHAPTER FIFTEEN


The next thing I remember, I was lying on the desk in the Rector's office. 
"Somebody tried to block the portal," the Archmage said. "That's why she feels so sick. He pulled her, and I also had to pull her. It's a bit like being magically quartered."
I tried to sit up, but couldn't, my body full of pain. 
"Miss Laurendeau, are you alright?" I saw the Colonel's face on top of me.
No, I'm not OK, can't you see? I tried to say but couldn't. I had lost the use of my vocal cords. I tried to shake my head, but I'm not sure it worked.
"You won't be able to get anything out of her," Rector Faine said, "until she gets some healing attention. And what are you doing with my student, anyway? I was letting you do what you want since the Academy must collaborate with you, but if you will turn my students into this…"
"She'll get help now," the Colonel said. "We'll take her to the safe house, and there's a healer on standby there. Can you get her asleep?" 
"Sure," the Rector said, and I felt my mind easing into painless sleep.
#
When I regained consciousness, a woman in green robes (a healer?) was sitting beside me. I moved. My body still hurt, and I still felt a bit dizzy, but at least I could move.
"Good morning, Miss Laurendeau," she said. "May I examine you?" 
I nodded, and she waved a crystal around, writing something on a form. After a while, she finished and smiled.
"Well, Miss Laurendeau," she said. "It seems you have recovered from your portal accident. You should eat some food now. I'll go make some arrangements."
She left, and before she came back with the food, the Colonel came in.
"Did you see Mahalat, Miss Laurendeau?" he asked.
I shook my head.
"I saw a different man. I've seen him before, but I didn't know him," I told him.
"Mahalat has an uncanny ability to mask himself," the Colonel told me. "He can change his facial features so he can become unrecognizable. It's a surprise he even appeared on that photo. Maybe he appeared with his actual face in front of your mother, because he wanted to conceive his child with his real face."
"Was it him, then?" I asked. 
"Probably," the Colonel said. "It's highly unlikely another powerful, talented magician would appear in your world and become interested in you."
"So, now that he knows you're onto him," I said. "What are you going to do?"
"You must stay inside the house," the Colonel said. "A magician will guard the house round-the-clock."
"And what about the food?" I asked. "Can I go out to get food?"
"No," the Colonel said. "We'll buy you the food. The cold room is already fully stored. We included everything you could need."
The Healer brought me a big tray. It was my usual big-appetite portion. A pile of pancakes with syrup and butter, crispy bacon, a steamy egg scramble, and a milkshake.
"There, Miss Laurendeau," she said. "I brought your food."
"Thanks," I said. "It's the first time I see a doctor prescribe tasty food."
"In your case, it's more important to care about quantity than quality," the healer said. "But, once that's fixed, change your diet. I've detected many deficiencies in your organism."
Whatever. When I saw the tray, I felt a surge of appetite and started devouring the food. The Colonel observed me with interest.
"She's like a child," he told the healer. "My sister used to eat like this when her magic awoke, and she had spontaneous outbursts."
"I'm here," I said, between bites of food. "And I hear you."
The Colonel smiled at me like I was a child.
"Eat, Miss Laurendeau," he said. "We'll finish this conversation later."
And he and the healer left the room, letting me eat in peace.
#
After I finished eating, I felt much better, and even tried to stand. But, as soon as I separated my back from the pillows backing me, I felt dizzy and had to recline. 
The healer came back in.
"Don't try to walk for the next couple of days, Miss Laurendeau," she said. "If you need help going to the toilet, ask somebody for help. Eat well and stay in bed. Those are my instructions for you. And now, if you'll excuse me, I have other patients."
After she left, the Colonel came in. 
"The Healer told me you need to stay in bed. I'll ask the magicians who are guarding you to help if you call. Just ring the bell," he said, pointing at a bell on my bedside table.
"So, what am I supposed to do while I'm in bed?" I asked. "Can you offer me something to do? Books? Movies? Anything? Maybe I can talk with the guards."
"Why don't you go to the Academy?" he offered. "You'll be safe there, and your body will get the rest it needs. Just come back every four hours to eat and attend your bodily needs."
"Is that safe?" I asked.
"Absolutely," he said. "I asked the Healer. So just go there. That will make our job easier."
"If you say so," I shrugged. "But what should I do once I'm not confined to my bed?"
"You need to stay in the house," the Colonel said. "You'll need to figure out something to do."
And he left me alone. I noticed my backpack on the floor. Without leaning, I tried to lift it, but my arm was so weak I couldn't. 
Well. It seems like I have nothing else to do, anyway. I took my vizor and placed it under my head, saying the key phrase.
#
It was Sunday morning, and the Main Hall was empty. I guess most students sleep in.
I had no classes today, so I would spend the day in the library. Martinus gave me a good idea with the books he selected for me. I should start reading children's books.
So, when I reached the library, I told the tile, "Children books magic," and followed it into the kid's section. There were fairytale books, picture books, textbooks. I started with the textbooks for the first class.
I didn't know most of the things, but, thankfully, adults are smarter than children, so I was going through the books at quite a fast pace. I was struggling, however, with the exercises. How was I supposed to draw and write essays without a notebook? Dictating stuff into the vizor wasn't nearly as satisfying.
"Here you are," I heard Martinus' voice from behind. I turned around.
"How did you find me?" I asked.
"You forgot I placed a tracker on you?" he asked. 
"Is it still on?" I asked. 
I thought the Colonel had removed it by now.
"Yep," he said, leaning to the floor and picking up the pile of books beside me. He then grabbed my arm and lifted me. 
"Where are you taking me?" I asked. 
"To the reading area," he replied. "A lady shouldn't sit on the floor."
"I don't mind sitting on the floor," I said. 
"I do," Martinus said. 
"You won't leave me alone, won't you?" I asked.
"No," he answered. 
When he brought me to the reading area, I sat as far away from him as the length of the table allowed.
He left my books on the table and brought another pile.
"These are better," he said. Then he took an empty notebook out of his bag, and handed it to me, together with a pencil. "You can use this to make notes. I'll keep it for you."
And then he sat back, pointedly ignoring me, studying.
We spent a peaceful afternoon. At some point, I checked the vizor and realized it was time to go eat. I left, leaving him there. When I came back, he was still there. Doesn't he need to eat? Or does he study so much?
When stars appeared in the sky, I went back to my body again, to eat and visit the toilet. The magician who was guarding me accompanied me to the WC and turned back as I fumbled to take off my pants. It was so awkward.
I came again, and he was still there.
"Don't you need to eat? Or drink?" I asked him. "Or sleep?"
"I've already eaten," he shrugged. "And as for sleep… I usually go to sleep late and wake up early."
"I'll be here all night," I said, "in case you're wondering. "I'll be spending the next three days and nights here since I've got nothing better to do."
"And does you having nothing better to have anything to do with the reason the Colonel came on Friday?" Martinus asked.
"It's an experimental healing method," I said. Well, taking me out of Earth where I was dying and bringing me here was a method of healing me, right? "And my body was damaged. It's resting, but I'm not supposed to do anything. Here, at least, I get to do something."
"What experimental healing method?" Martinus asked. "How can treatment of your ethereal body result in damage in your physical body?"
"I've got no idea," I said, shrugging. "They explained it to me, but it flew over my head. You can ask your friend, maybe he'll tell you."
"Teyo won't tell me anything about you," Martinus said. "Since your case is top-secret. And I'm dying of curiosity."
"Don't you have anything better to do than dig into my life?" I asked. "I'm a fairly ordinary girl. The most extraordinary thing about my life was coming into this Academy."
"I have other things to do," Martinus said. "But none of them are this interesting. Besides, none of my other tasks involve a pretty girl."
I rolled my eyes. This was the second time he told me I was pretty. I thought I cut him off with a demand for marriage, but he was still insistent.
"I told you last time," I said. "Don't expect anything from me on the love front. Not without a…"
"Marriage proposal?" he asked. "I know, I remember. But I can still call a pretty girl pretty, right?"
Calling me pretty in my current state was akin to mockery. I had the chance to see the reflection in the mirror when I was in the bathroom. My cheeks were hollow, my brown eyes had circles underneath that made me look like a panda, my hair was dirty and greasy (and I had no energy to wash it), and I had no makeup on. I looked like a ghost. The dead kind.
"Don't flatter me," I said. "I've seen the mirror." 
"Well, you are pretty," Martinus said. "On your good days."
I shot him an ugly look and returned to reading. After a couple of hours, he left, going to sleep.
"See you tomorrow," he said, returning his books.
"See you," I waved my hand, continuing to read. I wasn't getting tired, and I needed to learn as much as I could about this unfamiliar world I was going to live in. And it's not like I could do anything while I was bed-bound.
He left, while I continued reading, only taking two breaks to go back to my body.
During one of them, I asked my guard to scan and remove all bugs. He did, and I returned to the Academy with the satisfaction Martinus wouldn't find me as easily anymore. The library was big.








CHAPTER SIXTEEN


The next morning I saw the sunrise through the library's ceiling. It was a beautiful view. The pink and violet sky brightly colored the room, making its austere white walls seem a lot more girly and fun. I reclined in my chair, looking up. My ghost eyes didn't get blinded by the sun. I would have stayed more, but then I felt hands on my shoulders.
"Stop touching me," I said. 
"Shh," Martinus said. "Isn't it beautiful here?"
"I was just admiring the sunrise," I said, "and then you had to come and ruin everything."
He sat beside me, looking at the much smaller pile of unread books.
"Did you stay the whole night here?" he asked. "Reading?"
"Yes," I nodded. "I only took a couple of breaks. I need to catch up on everybody and get good grades if I hope to stay in the Academy. Unlike you, I don't have anybody backing me up."
"I'm sure that can be arranged," Martinus said. "I could help you."
I harrumphed. I didn't believe for a second that Martinus would pay for my student fees for nothing.
"For a price, of course," I said. "No, thank you. I've told you. I'm keeping myself for marriage. And I want to earn the scholarship. I'm not the kind of girl who takes the easy way out."
"You could also find a husband," Martinus said. "Somebody rich."
"It's not like I have a queue of suitors on my door," I said. "I've only got you. And I'm not sure what you're offering, but it's certainly not marriage. Besides, I want to marry for love."
He looked at me and cocked his head.
"You're like a child in so many ways," he said. "So naïve. Who marries for love? High magicians marry for compatibility. Low magicians marry for power and money. Ordinary people marry for money and status."
"Me," I said. "I marry for love. And that's a rather cynical view to take."
"Perhaps," he shrugged, "but it's the truth."
"Keep your views," I said, taking his hands off me and standing up, "and your hands to yourself."
I checked the vizor. There were twenty minutes left for class. I returned the pile of unread books, making a note in the notebook to get them later.
I guess it looked like I and Martinus came together to class, but we didn't. Yllana, smart girl, sat on the edge of the corridor again, with one seat to her left. I sat there and was glad to see Martinus join his gang.
"Thanks," she said. "I don't think I got caught on Friday. I kept quiet during the weekend, so they wouldn't catch me, but I don't think Teyo caught on anything."
"Well, he didn't mention anything," I said. "And he was busy enough with my business."
Yllana's eyes filled with worry.
"I know the kind of case Teyo investigates," she said. "And if he's involved in your business, that means…"
"I can't tell you anything," I said. "Not now. Someday, when this is all over."
"That's OK," Yllana said. "I understand."
Professor Alday came in, and our conversation was over. But we returned to it on our way to the Structural Magic class.
"Are you safe?" Yllana asked.
"I'm under the Colonel's guard," I replied. "So I guess I'm as safe as I could be under the circumstances."
"You're under his guard?" she asked. "You mean, you're here, on Marn?" 
"Yes," I said. "And I had a bit of a portalling accident. I'm fine," I said, seeing the worry in Yllana's eyes. "But bored to death. I'm bed bound, and I can't even move much. That's why I've spent the entire Sunday day and night in the library."
"We could do something else today," Yllana said. "After class."
"Like what?" I said. "I'm all ears. While it's good to read, and I'm learning a lot, it would be nice to mix things up."
"I have a few ideas," Yllana said.
"That sounds good," I replied.
I was going to spend the entire night in the library, anyway. It was good to have something else to do.
#
Yllana waited for me in the Main Hall as I quickly went home and ate. I was lightning fast, guzzling the food in fifteen minutes. She was surprised when I came back.
"That was fast," she said. 
"I didn't want to make you wait," I replied. "Besides, you have to go back home soon, right?"
"We have three hours before I need to wake up," Yllana smiled. "And we should have fun."
"What do you have in mind?" I asked, feeling giddy.
I hadn't had fun in like… forever? What was the last time I went out with friends to play or dance? I couldn't remember.
"It's a secret!" she said, smiling. "You'll have fun. I promise."
I followed her, bursting with curiosity. She walked with confidence, going towards the part where the students lived.
Finally, we reached a big, brightly lit ballroom. You know, a room they'd use for dancing in a movie for Anna Karenina, but with magic. Polished wooden floors, gold chandeliers with magical lamps, white columns. The room was empty, which made sense, considering most students were at lunch now.
Yllana fiddled with a big cube in the center of the ballroom. After she tapped at it for a while, music started playing.
"I know you've never used magic," she said, "other than in class. So I thought you'd like to have some fun with magic. Look."
And she started going around the room, while a cloud of brightly colored bubbles followed her, moving to the rhythm of the music. Soon, her appearance changed; her dress became longer, more elegant, she had a sparkly necklace on her, and her ponytail was substituted with an elegant updo.
I clapped when the song finished. 
"How do you do that?" I asked, excited. 
"Play with your imagination," Yllana said. "That artifact in the middle of the room helps you with that. You just need to imagine the objects, clearly, and the artifact helps you project it. At first, it's tricky to keep over one object in mind, but with time you learn to concentrate."
 She tapped on the artifact, and another song started. 
"Try it," she said. "It's fun!"
I tried to imagine a bubble. Like the bubbles the clowns produced when we went to a fair. I remembered the roller coaster ride, and the circus, and the clown with his bubbles, and the loud country music, and the big balloon I had in my hands, and the sparkly, pink princess dress I wore. There was a pony, as well. At twelve, the pony and I were the same height; I needed mother's help to get onto the pony. But it was so fun! I think that was the last time I did something fun with mother.
"Not too bad," Yllana said, "but try to imagine one thing at a time."
I looked around. The pony was riding on the roller coaster; the clown was floating around like a balloon, and I seemed to be smaller. I looked at myself. I was wearing a pink dress, and I seemed to have become smaller.
"You were a cute child," I heard Martinus' voice. 
The illusion broke, and I was back to my normal size, no longer wearing a dress.
"How did you learn about this place?" he asked, turning the music down.
"I heard about it," Yllana said. 
"Are we not allowed?" I asked. "If so, I'm sorry, we'll be leaving."
"You're allowed," he said. "But usually this place is kept from first years. It's where we make parties, and since many of them involve alcohol and we don't want problems with minors…"
"There's no risk we'll drink alcohol," I said. "This was just some harmless fun. But we'll leave."
"Stay," Martinus said. "I'm curious what's the next thing you'll imagine."
I paused. I wanted to continue playing. It had been so realistic! Did the artifact make things clearer? I wanted to enjoy the experiences I didn't get to enjoy. Like a trip to Disneyland. But I didn't want Martinus to make fun of me and spoil the fun.
"I won't look," he promised. "I need to talk with your friend here, anyway."
I looked at Yllana.
"It's OK," she said. "I'll talk to him."
I shrugged, tapped on the box, and started chasing my childhood memories again. Now, what about the circus?
#
"I know what you did here," Martinus Novak told Yllana. "Yllana Yaldai."
She got paler, and then her face started changing, becoming narrower, bonier, her eyes bigger, until she was almost a female copy of her brother.
"How did you know?" she asked.
"If she guessed," Martinus said, nodding towards Amy, who was watching a man walk a tightrope as he juggled, clapping like a child. She even looked like a twelve-year old, with that silly pink sparkly dress. "You think it was hard for me to see when you avoided Teyo?" 
"Please don't tell him," Yllana said. "You know how conservative my family is. They don't want me to learn a profession."
"I won't," Martinus promised. "Since it's not my business. But your brother will learn soon. He's smart, even if he can be blind to what's happening right under his nose."
"Thank you," Yllana said, nodding. "But that's not why you wanted to talk to me, is it?"
"No," he acknowledged. "I wanted to talk about you inviting Amy into this room."
"You said it yourself," Yllana pointed out. "It's not banned."
"But nobody except high magicians come here," Martinus said, "since high-level realistic illusions require very intense magic. And mental magic capabilities. You wanted to test her, didn't you? See who she is."
"Maybe," Yllana said. "I was a bit curious. But I also wanted her to have fun. Look at her."
Amy now was riding a unicycle, kept stable by a woman that looked very much like her, while surrounded by a cloud of bubbles.
"The number of things she's projecting," Martinus said. "Even though it's flawed… There aren't that many families."
"That's right," Yllana said. "It took me years of training to get to this level. To project illusions this realistic… The Yaldais are not good enough at mental magic. There are five I can think of: Gwendolen, Zawada, Kaffale, Mazza, and Taibi."
"I thought of the same ones," Martinus said. "Plus an additional one."
"The Morads?" Yllana said. "But there are only two adults left! And Azrikam would never abandon a child. Even a broken one."
"Azrikam wouldn't," Martinus said. "But there is another Morad. Ex-Morad, I mean."
"I've heard some rumors about him," Yllana said. "But isn't he dead?"
"Not dead enough, apparently," Martinus said.
"Martinus," Yllana said. "We never met before, but I've heard about you from my brother. You were never this noisy, and you aren't a bully. Why do you keep following her?"
"At first she annoyed me," Martinus said. "With her wide-eye naivete and fearlessness. Now… Let's say it's my sense of right and wrong."
"Right," Yllana said. "A sense of right and wrong. That's why you've been following her with your eyes wherever she goes. And that's why you sat behind us so you could look at her neck."
"You noticed that?" he asked. Yllana nodded. "Did she?"
"I don't think so," she answered. "But Martinus, this is wrong. People like you and me aren't supposed to have feelings. Or at least act on them. Be wiser."
And with those words, she stood up, to join Amy in some crazy world with walking humanoid rats, dogs and ducks, full of castles and princesses. Amy said it was 'Disneyland'. Or at least how she imagined it would be.
#
I must admit, playing with illusions, and my imaginary trip to Disneyland was fun. But at some point, I think I started confusing imagination with reality, because I was dancing with a prince, swirling around the room. I could even feel a hand on my waist, and see his neck, my head at his chest level. It felt so real. A bit too much, maybe. None of the other illusions felt this real. So I stopped, breaking the illusion. Except the prince was still there, his hand on my waist, my hand on his shoulder. I looked up to see the prince's face. 
He was no prince. I broke the embrace, making five steps back.
"You!" I exclaimed. "What were you doing with me?"
"Dancing," he said. "I invited you, and you accepted."
"That's when I imagined…" I stammered. 
"It's true," Yllana said. "He invited you. And you accepted."
"I was hallucinating," I said. 
Believing my own illusion. Martinus, a prince.
"That was enough play for the day," Yllana said. "I need to go home, and it seems like you should, too."
I checked the vizor. It was time to go back. 
"We've been here for four hours?" I wondered. "I didn't even realize! Yeah, let's go back."
Yllana and I left the room.
"Why did you let me dance with him?" I asked.
"There was no harm in it," Yllana shrugged. "And you seemed to enjoy it. Until you realized who he was, that is."
"And how long did I dance with him?" I asked in horror.
"Half an hour or so," Yllana said. 
Half an hour! Made me wonder how I didn't realize it before. I must have been pretty out of it.
"This was fun," I told Yllana. "But I don't think I should spend this much time with illusions. They mess my perception of reality."
"Sure," Yllana nodded. "That's quite common. The more powerful the illusions, the more they mess with you."
"Let's try to come up with something else for fun," I told her. "Like go for a walk or something."
"Sure," she said. "We could do that tomorrow. But today, I need to go back home as soon as possible."
"Let's run, then," I said, and we both started racing towards the exit.








CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


For the next two days, I was at the Academy day and night. After class, Yllana and I explored, memorizing every corridor, every nook and cranny we could visit. It was fun, but I wanted to go back to normal. So I was immensely happy when the healer decreed I could walk. I stood up, propping myself on the bed, and then walked leaning on the walls. 
I explored the small house the Colonel had given me. My bedroom, and a small bathroom, were upstairs. Downstairs, we had a living room/hall, where the guards stayed, and a kitchen. The kitchen was quite a decent size. But, other than the cupboards, I saw nothing I could use to identify it as a kitchen.
"Where is the stove?" I asked. "The pans, the pots, the cutting boards? The oven? How am I supposed to cook anything?"
"You know how to cook?" the guard, whose name, if I remember correctly, was Aegisthus Kaffale, asked. He was a Captain or something like that.
"Of course I know how to cook," I replied. "If I have a decent kitchen, that is."
"Well," Captain Kaffale said. "Let me show you how to use it, then."
Turns out, the stove was part of the countertop. One of the plaques of marble that made the countertop, which looked indistinguishable from the others, was the stove. And the oven was in a cupboard. Why hide things, pretending they don't exist? I don't get it. It's like the minimalist decorations I saw in magazines, only even more minimalist. A house should have stuff in it and look like there are actual people living in it.
As a thank you, I made enough pancakes for the Captain, as well. There was no syrup, but there was plenty of jam, so I generously slathered the butter and jam onto the pancakes. The Captain, a big, burly man who was probably six feet tall and double my shoulder width, ate only a few, while I devoured a huge pile (I offered more, but he politely declined).
"Captain Kaffale," I started saying. "Do you know by any chance how much longer this incarceration will last?" 
"I don't know," he answered. "You need to ask the Colonel. He's the one who's managing the operation."
The Colonel had been avoiding my calls.
"Well, thank you," I said. "But could you please ask the Colonel? I'd like to go out a bit. See the city."
"I'll tell him when I give him the end-of-shift report," Captain Kaffale said. "But I don't promise you he'll answer."
"That would be nice," I said. "I need to get a job."
"A job?" Captain Kaffale raised his eyebrows.
"Yes," I said. "I don't know how long I'll be allowed to live here for free, but I need to save some money for a deposit. I also have some jewelry I'd like to sell."
"While you may be able to convince the Colonel to allow you to go out," Captain Kaffale said, "he won't allow you to go out regularly enough to get a job. As for your jewelry, I may help you estimate its value."
"Thanks," I thanked him and brought my backpack down. 
Captain Kaffale observed with curiosity when I took the objects I bought in the pawnshop.
"I thought you were an orphan," he said.
"I am," I said. "These are all my savings."
He nodded and started observing each object.
"Selling jewelry for a good price is not that easy," he explained. "If you want to sell it quickly, you won't get much."
"How much would I get, if I take it to the closest pawn shop?" I asked. "Give me a ballpark."
"Two thousand ducats," he said. "Give or take."
"Excellent," I said, not really sure how much a ducat was worth. "And how much would it cost to rent this house?"
"Two thousand ducats a month."
"And if I get a studio? In a more dangerous area? In a worse state of repair?" I asked.
"Unfortunately," Captain Kaffale said, "I'm not too interested in the bottom of the housing market."
"The bottom of the housing market is the only thing I can afford," I said. "On Earth or Marn. It's not like waitresses earn that much."
"You were a waitress?" Captain Kaffale said.
"A waitress," I said, "and a sales clerk, a cleaner, a hotel maid, a babysitter, a nanny, a tutor, and I also did yard work. But mostly, waitressing paid better after tips. The customers at our waffle house gave quite generous tips. And I could eat leftovers."
"You ate leftovers?" Captain Kaffale asked. I think I might have shocked him. Why, I wonder? It's not like police don't encounter all strata of society regularly. Or maybe it's because I'm a high magician. As useful as that is.
"Well," I said, taking another bite off a pancake covered in what tasted like cherry jam. "I've got an enormous appetite and a large need for food. You think I could save anything if I had to buy all the food?"
"I can see you have an enormous appetite," Captain Kaffale said. "Although I still don't understand where you fit all that food."
"Nobody knows," I said. "But it goes somewhere. So, Captain Kaffale, do you have waitresses here?"
"We do," Captain Kaffale said, biting his lip. "But I don't think that's a suitable job for you. Aren't you a magician?"
"I entered the Academy by some miracle," I explained. "I still don't understand why the Rector passed me. Anyway, I have no magical skills. And the Academy doesn't give room and board scholarships. I need to make a living before I learn to use magic."
"I can help you with that," Captain Kaffale said. "You said you were a babysitter, right?"
"I was," I replied. "I can manage kids quite well."
"My sister-in-law recently had a baby," Captain Kaffale said. "And she's desperate for help. I could recommend you to her."
"And what would the salary be?" I asked. 
"Five thousand ducats," he said. "And you'd be living in their house."
I felt I almost choked on another piece of pancake. Captain Kaffale helpfully gave me a few back blows as I coughed.
"That… is a lot," I said, spitting the guilty piece of pancake into a napkin.
Of course, I'd heard that rich people's nannies can make a lot of money. Well, decent amounts of money. But the kind of nanny who makes a lot of money probably has a college degree. And a lot of experience. I'm just an eighteen-year-old who does not understand about anything. There had to be a catch.
"How many hours of work would that involve?" I asked. "Because I need time off to go to the Academy, and also some personal time."
"No more than forty hours a week," Captain Kaffale said. "As per the Labor Laws."
"And you don't mind that I am being hunted down by a maniac?" I asked. "That could put your family in danger."
Captain Kaffale shrugged, not bothered. Does he hate his sister-in-law? Or his brother?
"The security in our family house is so high," he said, "that nobody can come there uninvited. Old families can afford to use magic that is orders of magnitude more powerful than our Department can. They have generations to do it, after all."
"Captain Kaffale," I said. "From what I understand, your family is rich. Immensely rich. And yet you're offering me a job helping take care of your family's baby, to me, a young, inexperienced nanny. You can afford somebody more qualified. Why me?"
"It's the magic," he said. "We can't hire non-magical people. And even ordinary magicians… They wouldn't be able to handle the baby's outbursts. Whereas you would."
"I'm not so sure about that," I said. "But set up an interview with your sister-in-law, anyway. I'd like to check it out."
"Sure," he said. "Just give me your vizor number."
#
After breakfast, I took a long, warm bath, scrubbing all the dirt accumulated on me after three days of not showering. The warm water was relaxing, the soap smelled nice, and the shampoo made my hair smell of flowers. When I exited the bath, I put on some fresh clothes, changed the bedsheets, and aired the bedroom. Once that was done, I started aimlessly wandering around the house, not sure what to do. I still had the full day, and I didn't want to go to the Academy. I liked being in my body. It felt nice to feel the warm water of the bath, the pleasant sensation of clean skin, even the wet hair cooling my neck. Being an ethereal body gets old quickly.
But, since I wasn't allowed to go out (not even to the patio; I asked), there was nothing else to do other than pace. After I opened all the drawers of the house, played with all the setting of the stove and the kitchen, cooked lunch, washed my clothes in the bathtub and hang them to dry, transcribed my class notes into my notebook, jumped on the bed, and tried sliding down the banisters, I think Captain Kaffale got sick of it.
"Shouldn't you be studying, Miss Laurendeau?" he asked. "You go to the Academy, after all."
"I like being in my body," I said. 
And I felt restless. I didn't feel I could concentrate. I know I need to study more; I know nothing, and I will live in this world now, where magic is important. But I still didn't want to go to bed and return to the ethereal form. I enjoyed being in my body, even if I was bored.
"Besides, I have no books," I said. "Or anything else to do here."
"Maybe we can figure out something to do," Captain Kaffale said.
"I'm open to anything," I said. "As you can see, I'm bored."
"What would you like to do? Using magic is out of the question; you'd get detected."
"Well, on days where I stayed at home, I would watch a movie or the telly," I said. "Sometimes I would put the music on and dance. Back when mother was OK, we would play some board games. Or I would try solving a crossword puzzle."
"We don't have a screen here," Captain Kaffale said. "They're too cheap for that. I'll bring cards next time. For now, we can dance. I have some music on my vizor."
He tapped on it, and some kind of slow, waltz-like music started playing. Captain Kaffale moved the table, clearing the living room. I wasn't sure how to dance to this music. I'd never danced to something like this; I always preferred more pop stuff. Stuff that didn't require any formal learning, where I could move my body like a monkey.
"I've got no idea how to dance this," I told Captain Kaffale, who offered his hand to me.
"I can teach you," he said.
And he did. Not only the waltz-like music, but some more upbeat songs, too. We spent a good three or four hours. To my surprise, I didn't feel exhausted, although I usually have a very low threshold of tolerance for physical exercise. And I didn't step on his toes once, maybe because he was guiding me so expertly.
"You're a superb teacher, Captain Kaffale," I complimented him, as we took a break to have some tea. 
"And you're an excellent student, Miss Laurendeau," he responded, I think out of politeness. 
"This was nice," I told him. "I'm sorry I was driving you crazy, but confinement is driving me stir crazy."
"You're far from the worst," Captain Kaffale said with a smile. "I've guarded people who picked a fight just because they were bored."
"I'm not used to this," I said. "I've been managing my life by myself for the last three years. I don't like anybody else making decisions about it."
"That must have been nice," Captain Kaffale said.
"It was very scary at first," I replied, "since I was responsible for all the decisions. It was hard. But once the worst part of it was over, I can't imagine living differently. I hope this situation ends as soon as possible."
"I hope it does, too," said a voice from behind.
I turned to look. 
"Colonel!" I said. "Just the man I wanted to talk to."
"In that case, Miss Laurendeau, let's talk," the Colonel said. "Captain Kaffale, you can leave. I'll wait until the end of the shift and hand it over to the next person."
Captain Kaffale nodded and teleported himself out. It still gives me the creeps every time I see a man just disappear in front of my very eyes, becoming fainter and fainter.








CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


"So," the Colonel said after I made him a pot of fresh tea. "What did you want to talk to me about, Miss Laurendeau?"
"This whole situation," I said, waving my hand around the house. "How long will this last? I'd like it to end soon, so I can get a job. Captain Kaffale already said he could help me find one."
"Wait," the Colonel said, pushing the cup of tea he was nursing aside. "What job did Aegisthus offer you?"
"As a nanny," I replied, "to his brother's kid. He said I would live in their family house, and the security there is impenetrable."
The Colonel sat there, with an inscrutable expression, for a while.
"Sure," he said, "Captain Kaffale's family house is very safe. Much safer than this house. But we didn't bring you here to save you."
"Yeah, you brought me here to catch my father," I said, "by maybe provoking him. But so far, it doesn't seem to be working."
"It's only been three days since we brought you here," the Colonel said. "Give him time. Our agents just detected some unauthorized complex roving portal use today."
"And you think it's Mahalat," I said.
"That's our guess, yes," the Colonel said. 
"How much longer do I have to live here, without going out?" I asked. "At which point will you allow me to just live my life? I've lived a more-or-less decent life with nobody protecting me from him. I'm not as sure as you are that he's willing to risk capturing to harm me. I only agreed to it because it was a way to get out of Earth and maybe live a longer life. But if I will be in a cage, that doesn't seem like that big an improvement."
"We are sure he will want to continue his experiments on you," the Colonel said. "We gave the scan of your aura to our experts, and they're sure his work is unfinished. They also mentioned that his window of action is narrow. By the changes happening in your aura, we think he only has a month to act."
"A month?" I asked. "A month sounds reasonable. So, once that month is over, I'll be allowed to live a normal life?"
"I wouldn't advise you to go outside," the Colonel said, "until Mahalat is in custody. But, unless we catch him or find more evidence against him in the next month, we will finish our operation. Our superiors are not too happy about the expense."
"Good," I said. "So I can accept a job offer to start in a month? And Colonel, could you organize a visit to somewhere I can sell my jewelry? Captain Kaffale said I could only get two thousand ducats for it, but I need to at least buy some clothes to look like a local. And I don't have any money."
"I'll look into it," the Colonel promised. "We could use the outing to provoke Mahalat."
"Thanks, Colonel," I said.
#
Practical Magic was still something that I couldn't do, as much as I tried. I either exhausted myself or could barely keep the light on for a minute or so. My classmates were all improving, while I was stuck. The only good thing was that, after the first time in the class, I didn't collapse anymore.
"Try harder," the Professor said, walking behind me. "Look at Mr. Novak: he has become a lot more stable now. He has also increased his time from fifteen to twenty minutes."
I looked at Martinus, who winked at me, while keeping the crystal between his hands alight, emitting a visible light. The brightness had gone down as it became more stable, but now the lamp didn't flicker. I looked at mine. I was still barely able to make it switch on, much less emit any light.
Things weren't going much better at Magical Energy. I still had to fight my every instinct not to swallow energy through the mouth, and I barely made any progress on that front after the first small breakthrough.
"Miss Laurendeau, please stay after class," Professor Maler said. 
When the class cleared, the Professor looked at me with an expression of concern.
"You aren't making any progress, Miss Laurendeau," he said. "I am starting to doubt whether you can make any progress. I must tell you that, unless you can pass this class, you won't be able to stay in the Academy. Those are the conditions of the scholarship offered to you. And you need at least five minutes of stable light to pass. Your classmates are on their way to achieve that goal. You seem stuck."
I remembered that the Colonel told me he received a report from some of my teachers.
"You reported this to the Heinous Magical Crimes Unit, right?" I asked.
"I did," he said. "And I saw Colonel Yaldai. An investigation is in progress, right?"
I nodded. 
"As much as I feel for you, Miss Laurendeau," Professor Maler said. "Figure out how to deal with the issues. You can't continue learning magic until you learn to control it."
"Is there any advice you could offer me, Professor?" I asked. "On what I should do?"
"I don't know," he said. "You should continue working on your problem, but there is no guarantee."
"Does this mean I may never get to be a magician?" I asked.
"You are a magician," Professor Maler replied. "You absorb magical energy. Your body needs it to live. You just won't be able to practice magic, at least anything beyond the simplest of spells."
"But I can do simple spells?" I asked.
"Yes," Professor Maler said. "Freezing water, boiling water, removing dust, that kind of thing. But nothing more complicated."
"Thank you, Professor," I said, leaving the classroom. I was sad, for sure. I had left Earth and came here, but I couldn't practice magic. I would continue living my life as an unqualified employee, only the Marn government, the Confederation, or whatever, was unlikely to give me a federal student loan. But at least it seemed like me being a magician allowed me to get slightly better-paid jobs. And maybe I could save enough money to learn accounting? Or whatever non-magical jobs pay best.
#
"Please, Captain Kaffale," I begged. "Please, please, please." 
"The Colonel said you shouldn't use any magic here," Captain Kaffale said. "Because that will make you easier to find."
"But isn't that part of the point?" I asked. "I'm the bait, after all."
"That may be the Colonel's intention," Captain Kaffale said. "But my job is to protect you. And I won't allow a woman under my protection to get in any kind of danger."
The Colonel, seeing that I got along with Captain Kaffale, put him on most day shifts. I'm not sure what Captain Kaffale thought about it, but he never complained.
"But I want to practice magic," I said. "See whether I can do it. I'm still not entirely convinced. I mean, Yllana took me to a ballroom, and I could project the illusions of ponies and soap bubbles, but I have done nothing else. Other than a small fireball on my examination day."
"Ponies and soap bubbles?" Captain Kaffale asked, suddenly alert.
"Yes," I said. "I remembered this day I went to the market fair with mother… And it just all became so real: I was in a pink dress, and there was a pony, although it was riding the roller coaster for some reason…"
"Can you describe, in detail, what you made that day?" Captain Kaffale said, tapping something into the vizor. "Just wait for the Colonel."
"Sure," I said. "Maybe he'll allow me to use magic. It makes little sense to spend so much effort bringing me from Earth, just to keep me under lock and key. I make terrible bait this way, let me tell you."
"You seem to hold your life in low esteem," Captain Kaffale said. "Seeing how you want to risk it."
"That's not it," I said. "I want to live. That's the reason I agreed to come here. But I've learned to manage risk. All my life was full of risk. Coming back from work at night; the area we lived in; quitting school to take care of mother; working at different jobs while still a minor. All the decisions I made, they weren't about what the safest choice was. The safest choice would go to Social services and ending in some foster home, while mother died in a hospice. But safety isn't my priority. We're all gonna die; might as well live our lives while at it."
"As charming as your insistence on risking your life is, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said, after he appeared behind me, "for the moment, I am responsible for your life, so I will be the one decide on the risks you may take."
"This is a jail," I accused him, "and I did nothing wrong."
"You didn't," he agreed. "But we brought you to Marn on the condition you'd help us with the investigation. Now, Aegisthus," he turned towards Captain Kaffale, "why did you tell me to come? I thought it was urgent. Miss Laurendeau's ideas, while interesting, are not as important as she thinks."
"Miss Laurendeau was about to tell me everything about the time she used a projector," Captain Kaffale said, "and I thought you might find it interesting."
The Colonel raised his eyebrows and gave Captain Kaffale a long look, after which Captain Kaffale nodded, as if they were having a conversation. He then turned towards me and sat on a chair.
"Alright, Miss Laurendeau," he said. "Please tell me about the ponies."
"Well, there was nothing special," I said. Remembering that Yllana was his sister, I tried to be as vague as possible. "A friend thought I might want to have some fun, and she took me to a big ballroom with white walls. Martinus Novak said that room is usually used by older students, but it was empty, so we saw no harm in it. And my friend showed me some illusions she created, and I tried it on my own, only I got complete nonsense, like ponies riding a roller coaster, clowns that floated like balloons, stuff like that. It was also weird because I felt like I became smaller, like when I was a kid. I was wearing a pink dress from that day and all. And I also felt a bit confused, because at some point I confused Martinus Novak with a Disney prince I was dancing with."
"Well, I don't know where this Disney country is," the Colonel said. "But Martinus Novak is kind of a prince. His father is the head of the Magic Council."
"Is he?" I asked. "Well, I don't care. He's not my prince, that's for sure. Anyway, what's so important about the projections I made? They were wonky, but it was just harmless fun."
"Well, you see, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said. "Advanced, realistic projections are very hard to learn and require years of training in concentration and visualization. And you somehow managed to not only create an entire market fair, but you also mode an illusion so realistic, you believed it yourself. That is not something any ordinary magician can do. That is the Morad family's gift."
"Well, you know who my biological father is," I said. "So it's not that strange, right?"
"The thing is, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said, "that magical talent can't be inherited that easily. While a predisposition to be better at certain magic is inherited, it's only a predisposition. For it to work, your magic has to be nurtured and fed. And fed, you weren't; it's more like starved. So this would indicate that whatever Mahalat did, he went a lot further than we thought."
"Well, that doesn't surprise me one bit," I said. "But there is something else I don't understand. I was told today by Professor Maler, that I may never use powerful magic. If that is so, how could I do those projections, which, according to you, are hard?"
"I don't know exactly what Professor Maler told you," the Colonel said. "But it seems to me like you will be able to practice some aspects of mental magic since you have a predisposition for it. It seems, Miss Laurendeau, that you are a very specialized magician."
"And what use is mental magic?" I asked. "Will it help me get a job and make a good living?"
"That is without question," the Colonel said. "Although the jobs mental magicians have are not suitable for ladies."
"Well, the good news is," I said, "I am no lady. Rather, an orphan bastard."
Captain Kaffale frowned at my choice of words but said nothing.
"What?" I said. "It's true. So," I turned towards the Colonel. "Professor Maler told me I probably won't be able to study in the Academy since I can't learn the basics. Is there any way to hone my natural predisposition without going to the Academy?"
"It is," Captain Kaffale interrupted. "But it is highly unadvisable. Mental magic makes many of its users go crazy, and, without a well-developed aura, you won't be able to counterbalance its effects."
"Aegisthus also belongs to a family with a predisposition similar to yours," the Colonel said, "so he knows what he's talking about."
"Great," I said. "So it seems the only magic I can use, I shouldn't because it will make it crazy. And I can't develop my magic, because my ethereal body is so damaged that I can't accumulate or channel it properly. Why was I even accepted to the Academy?"
"I talked with Rector Faine," the Colonel said. "And he noticed your mental magic capabilities the day you crossed the anti-ghost barrier. He thought a person like you, so predisposed to mental magic, but so unaware of their abilities, could be dangerous. And you could become an asset. Such abilities are rare. Of course, he wasn't aware of the damages to your aura. On the day of the examination, they pumped you with so much energy, nobody could see your aura. That was done to even the competition."
"That explains it, I guess," I said.
Everything was so complicated… I was a magician but couldn't use magic. Except for the simplest kind. Which reminds me.
"Colonel," I said. "I'd like to get your permission to use some simple magic spells. I need to see whether I can use them."
I heard Captain Kaffale's sigh.
"Here it goes again," he said. "I must warn you, Teyo, she has been nagging me about it all morning."








CHAPTER NINETEEN


 "No," the Colonel said. "You can't. If you use magic, Mahalat will find you."
"But didn't you say I was here as bait for him? How could you use me in that capacity if he doesn't know where I am?" I asked. "And besides, won't Mahalat find me in the Academy?"
"Unless he knows you are in the Academy," the Colonel said, "there's no chance of finding you there. The magical streams are so powerful there, they distort everything. Besides, with all the students there, practicing magic every day… Whereas this place is a lot more exposed."
"But still…" I said. "Why did you bring me to Marn? Didn't you say it was all about catching him?"
The Colonel looked away, in what seemed like… embarrassment?
"He talks the big talk," Captain Kaffale said, "but when it comes to it, he is incapable of putting a woman in danger. He's too much of a gentleman."
"Aha! So it is just sexism," I said.
Captain Kaffale frowned in incomprehension.
"I'm not sure what 'sexism' means. It sounds bad. But if you mean Teyo is old-fashioned, that's true. He is very protective of women and children. At first, he said he just wanted to catch Mahalat, because our superiors wouldn't understand spending this amount of money on bringing a girl from an isolated world to Marn. Especially since Teyo didn't tell them…"
The Colonel gave Captain Kaffale a dirty look, and he shut up right before revealing the most interesting detail.
"Didn't tell them what?" I asked. "About my injuries? But how would you explain that I'm a victim of a crime if there is no crime?"
"Didn't tell them you are a high magician," Captain Kaffale said, giving the Colonel an apologetic look. "Because Azrikam Morad is the head of the Magical Council's High Crimes Division, to which the Heinous Magical Crimes Unit belongs. And Teyo promised you he wouldn't tell the Morads."
"Oh," was the only thing I could say. I stared at the Colonel in shock. I noticed he was protective of me, but this… I didn't expect him to disobey his superiors. Or rather, hide the truth from them.
Why did he do it? Was it because he wanted to protect me… or because he didn't want Azrikam to protect his brother? To sweep it under the rug?
"Were you afraid Mr. Morad would shut down the investigation? To cover up his brother's crime?" I asked the Colonel.
"If Azrikam did shut down the investigation," Captain Kaffale said, "it wouldn't be to protect his brother. But he would want to keep this secret."
"He would," the Colonel said. "Azrikam was the one who convinced his father to kick Mahalat out and reveal his crimes to the Council. But since then, he's gained a lot of power in the Council. His brother reappearing would open a can of worms he wants to keep closed. Besides, the appearance of Mahalat's daughter… It would put him in a difficult position. A daughter of such a family being mistreated and abused… Even if they didn't know about her, that would bring shame to the family. And Azrikam is not the man he was. He would want to get rid of such public shame."
"You mean, he'd kill me?" I asked.
The colonel and Captain Kaffale both looked at me with surprise. Wasn't that what they were getting at?
"No," the Colonel said, after a pause. "Azrikam would never do that. No magical family would kill their daughter. But there are other things they could do. Hide you. Marry you off somewhere. And, considering Azrikam's capabilities at mental magic…"
"He could delete your memory," Captain Kaffale said. "And supplant it with a fake one. You'd forget your previous life, your mother, everything. Azrikam is a very talented magician. A powerful one."
"So, life imprisonment, force marriage, and memory deletion," I summarized. "Delightful. Every additional thing I learn about father's side of the family, I like them more and more."
The Colonel caught my sarcasm, and sighed.
"We're not sure that would happen," Captain Kaffale said. "It depends on when Mr. Morad finds it… And what he thinks about you."
"When, not if?" I asked.
"Yes," the Colonel said. "Mr. Morad will find out sooner or later. But for your own benefit, it should be later. Late enough that you're in full possession of your magical skills, familiar with Marn and its customs, and have enough people who know and care about you."
"Everything you're not allowing me to do," I pointed out. 
The Colonel sighed. 
"For a girl, you seem to like risk a lot," he said.
"Safety is an illusion," I replied. "I could get mortally sick tomorrow. I could get depressed and prefer to die. I could fall down the stairs and break my neck. There is no absolute safety. Being safe means being in a cage."
The Colonel sighed again.
"And that's why," he said, "I haven't told Mr. Morad about you. Yet. But if you keep pushing the boundaries… I might reconsider."
"How long do you intend to keep me here?" I asked. "Especially if your superiors don't know. I can't imagine they'd be happy you were keeping such an operation secret from them."
"A month," the Colonel said. "I'm sure Mahalat will act soon, to finish what he started."
#
I wasn't as sure as the Colonel was. Two weeks had gone by since that conversation. Nothing remarkable happened since then, except for the call from Emere Kaffale. Captain Kaffale had told me she'd call that day, so I was ready. The guard that day was a different one, one I wasn't very close with. He played the local version of poker with me, but other than that, he kept to himself.
"Miss Laurendeau?" said a female voice, coming from an unknown number.
"Speaking," I said. "And I suppose this is Mrs. Kaffale?"
"Call me Emere," she said. "I've heard from Aegisthus you're looking for a job as a nanny."
"In that case, you can call me Amy. I'm looking for a job, yes," I replied.
"Could you switch the video feed, please?" the voice said. I clicked on the video feed, and saw an elegant, although tired woman dressed in a long dress with a V neck sitting on a chair. I was wearing jeans and a stripy shirt; I hadn't convinced the Colonel to take me shopping yet. He looked at my clothing disapprovingly every time, but he never offered to take me to buy a dress.
I hope Mrs. Kaffale is not prejudiced.
"I see you now, Amy," Emere smiled. She was older than me. By her looks, I'd say thirty or so. "Aegisthus told me you were a high magician, and that you'd have no problem becoming a live-in nanny. Is that so?"
"Yes," I said. "But did Captain Kaffale explain to you I would attend the Academy remotely? At least for the first year."
"That's not a problem," Emere said. "Although we are in the same time zone as the Academy. You'd have to attend it in the mornings and work afternoons and nights. That sounds good to me; I'm hiring help so I can sleep."
"How old is the baby?" I asked. 
"Three months," Emere explained. "She's just learned to keep her head straight. She's also at the phase where we're waiting for her first magic outburst. That's why somebody needs to be by her side day and night."
"Did Captain Kaffale tell you that, because of health issues, I can't use magic?" I asked her.
"He didn't," Emere said. "Does he know about them?"
"He does," I said. 
"In that case, it's not a problem. Aegisthus wouldn't offer me to hire somebody who'd be endangered by a magical outburst. Because you can manage magical energy, right?"
"Yes," I replied, trying to figure out how to explain this. "I can absorb energy, but I can't use it. Not usefully."
"Then it's fine," Emere said. "Since we don't use magic on children. You know how to change a nappy?"
"Not sure I know how to use the ones you have here," I said, "but I learn quickly."
"Good," Emere said. "When can you start working?"
"In three weeks, hopefully," I said. "Did Captain Kaffale tell you about my situation?"
"In general terms," Emere said. "Don't worry. The security of Kaffale House only allows those explicitly invited. Do you have questions?"
"About the pay, and hours," I said, awkwardly. "Captain Kaffale said…"
"He offered you five thousand ducats a month, forty hours a week, right?" Emere said. 
I nodded. 
"That's what you'll get, then. Do you want an advance, so you can buy clothes for our world?" she asked, eyeing my jeans. "Most people are a bit too conservative for trousers. Especially my mother-in-law."
"I would," I said. "Do you have any uniform in mind, or…"
"Just get yourself whatever you want," Emere said. "But I wouldn't wear very nice clothes with a baby. Get something practical. Aegisthus mentioned you just arrived here; that would mean you don't have a bank account?"
"Nor papers," I agreed. "I'm not sure what the procedure is."
"Don't worry about that," Emere said. "I'll let our lawyer handle everything. As for the advance, I'll tell Aegisthus to accompany you shopping. I'll give him the money, and then, when you open a bank account, we'll pay you into the account."
"Is there any trial period?" I asked. "To see if we fit."
"I'd say a month is enough," Emere said. "And, if we find we don't fit, I'll still pay you the first months' worth of wages anyway. For the inconvenience."
"That's very generous of you," I said.
"Believe me," Emere said, yawning. "When you haven't slept well in weeks, sleep is priceless. I look forward to having a decent night's sleep."
"Doesn't your husband help?" I asked with compassion.
"Ion?" Emere asked. "He has to work. He does what he can in the afternoons, and he stays with the baby on the weekends, but it's hard on him, too. We're all so tired."
I suddenly heard a wailing cry.
"Sorry, Amy," Emere said. "We'll have to cut it short. You're hired. For any issues, talk to Aegisthus."
#
My practical classes were going badly, although I was making advances in theory, mostly thanks to the fact that I spent twenty-four hours a day studying (with the occasional break for eating or a bit of play).
I could see I was the worst in class. My classmates were advancing, learning, figuring out things, while I was stuck at the same exercise, trying to not collapse of exhaustion. And, despite my best efforts, I collapsed another time. And got drunk on energy again. That day, I drove Captain Kaffale crazy. Thankfully, it was him, and not another guard. I'm not sure where I'd put my energy otherwise.
I tried to learn to do a handstand; I run up and down the stairs; I danced, as Captain Kaffale taught me the moves of most dances in this world. I didn't stop moving for sixteen hours that day, without eating (I had no appetite). Thankfully, my energy levels went down after I worked with the stupid lamp again, but I was still so frustrated.
I could see my classmates noticed, and, by the looks in their faces, I could see what they were thinking. On the faces of my richer classmates, I could see pity and condescension. They didn't mock me, not since Martinus declared I was his cousin. But they talked among themselves. I frequently overheard conversations where they pitied Martinus and his family for having such a talentless, stupid bastard. My ghost classmates seemed to have deleted me from their consideration, now that they didn't see me as competition at all.
"Don't get too upset," Yllana said, after yet another class in Practical Magic, where I just sat there, for three hours, trying to do the same exercise I'd been doing two weeks ago, with no success. "Some people take a long time before they have a breakthrough. But once they do…"
"Nobody else seems to struggle like me," I said, resigned. 
I'd already given up on any hope of using magic. It seemed to me, more and more, that magic, at least for me, was nothing more than a bunch of tricks. I couldn't do anything useful with it, but I had issues because of magic. 
"Because we don't have that many high magicians in the class," Yllana said. "My brother told me there was a guy in his class who struggled, too, but overcame it. He then became an Archmage. You might be one, too," she said, way too optimistic.
"Amy, an Archmage?" said the voice from behind. "Don't give her false hope. She'll be lucky if she becomes a cleaner."
I didn't turn my head. I had gotten used to Martinus' tendency to sneak up on me. During classes, he sat just behind me. Yllana, bless her, would always sit on my right while I sat on the edge of rows, right by the stairs, to avoid having anybody on my left.
In the Practical Magic class, he always sat with his friends but frequently lingered at the end of class to tell me some valuable insight. Or at least something he thought was a valuable insight. I wasn't sure what he wanted. I'd say he was courting me, but then I've never been courted before. 
He accompanied me and Yllana to the library; he gave sarcastic but helpful explanations; he sat with us as we studied. He frequently stayed with me after Yllana left, helping me make notes. He always brought the notebook he gifted to class, and he stored it for me. 
"I'll be an accountant," I said, without turning my head. I knew it annoyed him when I ignored him. "You don't need magic to be an accountant. And accountants make decent money everywhere."
"Are you quitting the Academy?" Yllana asked.
"No," I shook my head, "I'll stay until they kick me out. I just have a feeling they'll kick me out soon."
 "So much defeatism," Martinus snickered. "Coming from a girl who said she'd prove she's better than me."
"In theoretical classes," I said. "And you haven't won that battle yet."
"Yeah, right," Martinus chortled.
There was no question he'd win. I saw Martinus study. In the time I read one book at a snail's pace, carefully trying to understand every unfamiliar term, he'd quickly read three, summarize, analyze and criticize them. He would also go through my notes, make tons of witty and sarcastic remarks, and give me a lecture on why I was wrong. 
He was an excellent student. He knew a lot more than he showed in class when the Professor would ask a question. When his friends joined us in the library, they always listened carefully to what he said. Although they never stayed as long as Martinus or I did. Thankfully, they left us alone most of the time, because they were as lazy and entitled as I initially thought Martinus was. I was especially thankful for avoiding Zethe, who seemed to have a bone to pick with me.








CHAPTER TWENTY


Speaking of the devil, Zethe popped his head into the class.
"Hey, Martinus! It's time to go to class," he said.
On my way to the Magical Energy class, which wasn't going much better for me, Yllana tried to console me telling me things weren't that bad and I could still pass the courses. I listened, and let her convince me, despite knowing, deep down, that this wasn't my thing. I can't use magic.
It's not a tragedy. Now that I know I won't die of a lack of magical energy, I'm not sad about it. Just a fact of life. I wasn't too sad about my lack of athletic abilities, for example. As long as I can make a decent living, there is nothing wrong with not being able to do tricks. 
And once the Colonel caught my father, I would be safe. I wouldn't need to learn magic to protect myself from him.
Professor Enius didn't even bother saying anything to me anymore, pointedly ignoring me. It seemed like, in his mind, I had already dropped out. I guess that's better than the sarcastic quipping he dispenses to my classmates, but frankly, I'd have preferred sarcastic quipping. Instead, I felt like a total loser. 
A loser even my crazy psychopathic father couldn't be bothered with. The Colonel, who had been so sure that by taking me from Mahalat's grasp before he could finish his experiment on me, he would provoke him into revealing himself, was starting to doubt it, too. Maybe he'll finally listen to what I've got to say.
#
Finally, in the third week of my confinement, he agreed.
"Alright, Miss Laurendeau," he said. "You win. Use your magic, go shopping, whatever. Let's see if it works in provoking Mahalat."
"If he is in Marn, at all," Captain Kaffale said. "It could have been somebody else using the magical portal."
"From the same world as Miss Laurendeau?" the Colonel asked. "Nonsense, Aegisthus. That's highly unlikely. Mahalat is in Marn, and he's here to finish what he's started. The question is, what is taking him so long?"
"I've got no idea," I said. "But I'd like to use my magic. To see if I can do something, instead of switching a lamp on and off."
The Colonel and Captain Kaffale exchanged a look. 
"Hey," I reminded them. "You just said I could use my magic."
"It will be a disaster," Captain Kaffale said. 
"First real-world uses of magic always are," the Colonel agreed.
They both nodded, and their faces became serious and determined.
"So," I asked, "are you going to show me some simple spell or not?"
"Let's go to the kitchen, Miss Laurendeau," Captain Kaffale said.
Once in the kitchen, he took a pot and filled it with water.
"I will teach you a freezing spell," he said. "That should be enough to freeze the water in the pot."
"OK," I said.
"Bend your fingers like this," he said, his hands making a weird gesture. I tried to do it, but after five minutes of me trying to repeat it, Captain Kaffale just grabbed my hand and bent my fingers. I wasn't even sure if I could make them go back to normal. 
"Now, picture this symbol," the Captain said. "And try to direct a minimum amount of energy, through your hand, in the shape of it." 
He showed me an image in my vizor. I pictured it, all blue, going out of my fingers, towards the pot.
It worked. Maybe a bit too well.
"I knew it would be a disaster," Captain Kaffale said, his face wet with rapidly melting white frost.
"Fortunately, we didn't teach her to boil water," the Colonel said, as he took a handkerchief to dry his face. "Or she'd have exploded the kitchen. Did you feel the magic perturbation?"
"Are you kidding?" Captain Kaffale said. "Everybody at least twenty miles from here must have felt it. I'm sure Mahalat felt it."
I was meanwhile observing the suddenly white kitchen. All the surfaces were covered in white frost, like small hairs of ice. The floor, now suddenly slippery, had now a white patina over the brown, terracotta tiles. 
"How did this happen?" I asked.
"This is the reason control is so important," the Colonel said, gloomily. "It seems like you put a bit too much energy into the spell. I told you to put just a bit."
"Usually this kind of thing is shown to kids in families," Captain Kaffale said. "And they learn why control is so important. All those exercises they make you do in the Academy are good, but nothing can teach you like good old-fashioned experience."
"Does this mean I can't even use weak magic?" I asked, observing the frozen kitchen.
"You'll need to practice," the Colonel said. "But I don't see why not. This isn't that bad. My sister, the first time I taught her, froze all the pipes in the house. Thankfully, they had protective spells. Still, it took days before the hot water worked."
"And you don't mind me practicing?" I asked.
"Nah," the Colonel said, shrugging. "Anybody who was looking for you would have already found you. Go on, continue practicing. I'll go see if I detect any activity after this. Aegisthus, make sure she doesn't ruin the house."
Captain Kaffale waved his hand, his fingers bent differently, and the kitchen's frozen surfaces first melted and then dried. It became humid, so I opened the windows.
"Try to make it directional, Miss Laurendeau," Captain Kaffale said. "And try to undershoot. With the size of your magical channels, you pump out too much magic too fast."
By the end of the day, I was hungry and exhausted, but I managed to freeze just a pot of water, instead of the entire kitchen.
"Does this mean I can do the exercise at the Academy now?" I asked Captain Kaffale, who also seemed tired (he spent the day cleaning up after me). 
"No," Captain Kaffale said. "It might become a bit easier, but the thing is, the Academy requires a lot more control than what is necessary for the most basic spells. Your classmates already had enough control for spells like this one and still struggle with that exercise."
"Well, at least I'll be able to use magic," I said. "It would be a pity to have the talent and not be able to use it."
#
Captain Kaffale was right; learning to use magic did not make it easier to do the exercises in the Academy. Although at least it helped me understand why control was so important. Making spells work the intended way was a lot harder than it seemed from outside, when I looked at other magicians effortlessly wave their hands and achieve the desired results.
But then, I guess everything is harder than it seems from the outside.
The Colonel didn't come for a visit after that, but Captain Kaffale told me he had detected some increased portalling activity with Mahalat's magical signature. I kept using my magic since Mahalat should know where I was by now.
But nothing was happening.
"Maybe it's because the house is well-defended," I told Captain Kaffale. "I should go out. Maybe if I go outside the house, Mahalat will be tempted, and you can catch him."
"I know what you're trying to do, Miss Laurendeau," Captain Kaffale said.
I was trying to get outside, see the world a bit. I had been in Marn for over three weeks by now, and the only parts I'd seen were the Academy and this house. 
"Is it working?" I asked.
"It's working in driving me crazy, alright," Captain Kaffale said. "But the person you have to convince is the Colonel, and I don't think this strategy works on him."
"A pity," I said. 
"But he's tempted to do it. All of this," he said, waving his arm around the house, "is expensive. The guards, the house…"
"Feeding me," I said.
"Nah, even with the amount of food you eat, that's just peanuts compared to a battle magician's salary," Captain Kaffale said. "And the Colonel cannot keep this playing with the secret funds much longer. And once Mr. Morad learns about it… It won't be good for any of us."
"You mentioned it," I said dryly. "Is it going to be that bad for me, though? He's my uncle, after all."
"People like him don't tend to be sentimental about family," Captain Kaffale said. "The fact that you are a high magician changes things. Magical families are quite used to bastards, even though it's illegal. It's hard to police rich, entitled kids' behavior. And to stop desperate women from accepting money. Bastard kids are not unheard of, although it's not that frequent. Usually, a suitable family is found for them, and proper funds are arranged. Your situation is unique, though. You were born after Mahalat was kicked out of the family. Technically, you aren't a Morad, and could never have a claim to the name."
"If I make it clear I know that and I won't, will they leave me alone?" I asked.
"I don't know," Captain Kaffale admitted. "It's a highly unusual situation. Explaining the sudden appearance of a high magician in the family would be hard. On the other hand, your magical talents…"
"My useless magical talents," I pointed out.
"Nevertheless, you have the Morads' magical talents. And they would not want you to ever demonstrate them in public. And your appearance…"
"What about my appearance?" I asked.
"You look like them," Captain Kaffale said. "You look like a Morad. At first, I didn't notice. But now, it's obvious."
"That's probably because you know about it," I said, "and you look for those facial features in my face."
"It's not that," Captain Kaffale said. "You should look at yourself in the mirror."
"I do so every morning," I said.
I did, although not more than needed to wash my face and teeth. Now that I didn't have makeup, why bother?
"Look carefully," Captain Kaffale said. "It's very subtle, but… Now that you're receiving adequate magical energy…"
"What?" I asked, a bit annoyed.
"You're starting to look more and more like them," Captain Kaffale said.
I stood up and went to the bathroom and stared at my face. It was the same face I always had; narrow, with a pointy chin and low cheekbones, my meaty, snub nose, brown eyes, brown hair, white skin, and otherwise most ordinary face. The only change was that I'd gained a bit of weight, now that I was eating like before, but could get magic from the environment. But Captain Kaffale said I looked different now. I stared at my face, which looked the same to me. Maybe if I looked at myself at a slightly different angle?
I turned around, trying to see if I looked any different, other than the weight gain. No, still the same.
"It's probably the light," Captain Kaffale, who had followed me upstairs, and was now leaning on the bathrooms' doorframe, said.
I closed the curtains, so the sunlight wasn't directly on my face. And that's when I noticed. My facial features had changed little, but my hair roots, which had grown in these three weeks, had become darker. My pale skin had also gone slightly darker, despite spending the last month indoors.
Similar to my father's olive skin color.
"We think with time, your hair will become black," Captain Kaffale said. "And your face will also change."
"But why is this happening?" I asked. "I'm not a child anymore."
"Every magical family has a blood memory," Captain Kaffale started explaining.
"I've read about it," I said. "In the book 'Comparative analysis between higher and lower magicians' ethereal bodies' by Rheda Kallio."
"Well, I don't need to explain the mechanism, then," Captain Kaffale said. "Usually, most of the blood memory is given by the mother, and another part by the father. But haven't you wondered why magical families have paternal inheritance of magical gifts?"
"I did," I said. "But the books don't mention it."
"That's not a surprise," Captain Kaffale said. "Since we mostly don't talk to strangers. Well, the thing is, once a woman marries into a family and starts living in the family home, children absorb the house's magic. When the entire house is soaked in a family's magic, for generations, only a fraction of the mother's magic is passed to the kids. Most of it will come from the family."
"That means that the father's magic is almost inconsequential," I said.
"That's true," Captain Kaffale said. 
"And genes don't matter, either," I said.
"They don't," Captain Kaffale said. "In the past, families without kids have adopted babies. It was discovered that even the children's appearance is similar to the adopted family's. But they do have to be high magicians in order to survive; bastard kids don't usually survive exposure to such concentrated magic. Most families have no babies to spare, so adoption doesn't occur anymore."
"But I'm not living in the Morad's house," I said. "So why am I becoming more like them?" 
"We don't know," Captain Kaffale said. "But we guess that, whatever magical programming Mahalat created in your aura, it was like the effects of growing in a magical house. And now that your aura is finally receiving sufficient energy, that programming is going into effect."
"And what does that mean for me?" I asked.
"We don't know," Captain Kaffale said. "But you shouldn't appear in front of the Morads."








CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


I was still processing the discovery when I went to the Academy. Yllana, who waved at me when I entered the classroom, gave me a really surprised look when I sat next to her.
"You look different," she said.
"I've gained a bit of weight," I replied.
"No, that's not it. Your face looks darker now? And your eyes have also gone darker."
"I guess it's the sun," I replied. "All the sunlight I'm getting."
That was a lie, but not one that Yllana could test. What would I tell her otherwise, that my crazy father's family genes were finally expressing themselves? Although it wasn't genes… It was my father's 'blood memory', whatever that is.
Yllana said nothing, although she kept giving me weird looks for the rest of her day. I also noticed how she said something to Martinus. Since when do those two talk to each other?
When I commented to Captain Kaffale that my ghost appearance had changed, he nodded.
"While most of the distance learners are wearing a mask," he said, "you are wearing your real appearance."
"It's not exactly my actual appearance," I said. "I've never gone to the Academy in my pajamas. I usually go there in the clothes I wore that day. And in the makeup, even if I remove it for the day."
"It's still your actual appearance, or at least what you see as your real appearance," Captain Kaffale shrugged. "And, after you saw yourself, it changed."
"So, if I don't want anybody in the Academy to notice changes in me, I should stop noticing them myself?" I asked. 
"Yes," he said. "That would probably work."
"Then could you help me remove the mirror?" I asked. 
"Sure," he said. "No problem."
#
A week after he allowed me to use magic, the Colonel appeared. 
"We've prepared an operation," he said.
"What operation?" I asked. 
I had nagged Captain Kaffale incessantly, to go out. Could I finally do it?
"You can go shopping," the Colonel said. "With Captain Kaffale here."
"Great," I said. "But we should go to an affordable store. A place where I can buy an entire wardrobe for five thousand ducats. Everything I'll need, from shoes to clothes."
My sneakers were starting to look rather ratty after a month of incessant use. Yes, I only brought one pair of shoes to Marn. It's not like I had any other decent pair, or space in my backpack.
"Sure," the Colonel said. "And I will follow you with the team."
"As long as they don't look while I'm changing," I said, "that's OK."
They took me to the mall. I didn't know Marn had malls, but apparently, it did. It's not like I knew much about this world, after spending almost a month here. We used a portal to go there; I wasn't even allowed to see the world through the windows of a car or a train.
The first thing I did was to buy a dress I put on during the shopping, after I noticed the stares I got as the only woman wearing trousers. I guess people in the Academy had gotten used to it, but all the women there were wearing long dresses, and I wanted to blend with the crowd. 
Captain Kaffale seemed insistent on taking me to the more expensive shops. Was he trying to put me into debt or something? I resisted, using all the shopping instincts I had accumulated bargain hunting and buying second-hand clothes to find the cheapest clothes I could. So, whereas he tried to take me to the more exclusive boutiques (so exclusive, the clothes didn't even have price tags), I dragged my feet and only went into the stores that showed prices in the affordable range. And of course, I tried hundreds of dresses. Despite Captain Kaffale's objection, I also dragged him into a lingerie store, where I bought some fresh lingerie.
"It's not appropriate for me to buy you these things," he said.
"Good," I said. "Because you aren't. Your sister-in-law promised me an advance to buy some clothes; ask her for the money."
"And all this time, I thought you were trying to save my money," he said, writing another check for the salesclerk.
"Why would you be paying for my clothes?" I asked, taking the check from his hands. "So, this gives a total of 4987 ducats. Well, it seems like I run out of money," I said. "But I can invite you for a drink. It has to be less than 13 ducats for the both of us, mind you."
"You will invite me with my own money?" Captain Kaffale asked as if he found it hilarious.
"Kind of, I guess," I replied. "But I'll make sure I pay you back. I swear."
"Don't bother, Miss Laurendeau," Captain Kaffale said. "Despite your generous offer, I've never had a woman pay for my drinks, and I'm not going to start now."
"I guess that means it's over," I said. "And we should return. It seems like Mahalat has left me alone."
"Why?" Captain Kaffale said. "We could still go to have a meal. Give Mahalat ample opportunity to make his move."
"I thought you didn't want to," I said, confused.
"I didn't want to take your last 13 ducats," he said. "I can pay for my meal. And my companion's too."
I considered it. I didn't want to go back to the tiny house. I was happy being outside, seeing the world. 
"Alright," I said. "But I choose the restaurant."
We went past several restaurants Captain Kaffale tried to invite me to. But I remembered the one that seemed the cheapest when we went through the whole mall. 
"You don't have to save my money," Captain Kaffale said when we arrived at the front of a small restaurant I saw when we came out of the portal. It was full of people who looked ordinary, so I filed it away as a decently priced place. "I'll charge it to the department, anyway."
"I'm not sure the Colonel would authorize it," I said. "Besides, I don't want to get used to fancy things."
We sat down near the glass wall of the restaurant, through which you could see all the passers-by. A waitress came and brought us the menu.
I checked through it, and then just ordered the most popular dish. It's not like I understood what any of the names on the list meant. I guess my magically learned language capabilities did not mean I learned unfamiliar food names.
"I'll have the same," Captain Kaffale said, and we sat there, looking through the wall.
We didn't talk much, even after the waitress brought us the dish we ordered, a delicious soup with who-knows-what type of shellfish floating around. Thankfully, it was peeled, so I didn't totally embarrass myself trying to figure out how to eat. 
"I love people-watching," I said, as I continued to observe the passersby. I noted everything; their appearance, clothing, gait, demeanor. That's when I saw him. 
"He's there," I told Captain Kaffale, staring at the man who smiled at me, with that particular annoying smile I'd only seen once before. "The man going towards the portal. That's him."
Captain Kaffale followed my gaze and made some kind of gesture.
The man noticed it, because he rushed towards the portal. I think I saw somebody jump into the portal after him; I guess one of the Colonel's underlings.
Captain Kaffale took his vizor and put it on speaker mode.
"I missed him," said a voice. 
I could hear the Colonel's swearing. 
"What now?" I asked Captain Kaffale. 
"Now," he said. "We finish lunch and have a briefing."
#
After an exhaustive questioning from the Colonel, (what did I see? How did I recognize him? Had I seen that face before?), I was exhausted.
"He just had this weird smile," I explained, for the hundredth time. "And gait."
"There was nothing unusual about his aura," the man who missed him said.
"I don't notice auras," I said. "I don't even see them."
"That's the problem of having a unit of exclusively elite magicians," the Colonel said, somberly. "They all get so used to observing reality with magic, they forget about their eyes. Thank you, Miss Laurendeau, for your quick eye."
"So what do we do now?" I asked.
"Now we wait," the Colonel said. "Mahalat is obviously after you. He hasn't forgotten about you, as we thought at first. We need to wait for him to attack. And be ready for that time."
"Does that mean I'll have to stay here?" I asked.
"Yes," the Colonel said. "Today's outing was already dangerous enough. People could have gotten injured. We'll wait here."
#
The days after the visit were terribly boring. You'd think it would be exciting, but there was nothing for me to do in the house. The guards, who would talk, or maybe even dance with me before, now just stood quietly with a poker face. After the first day's excitement, I mostly stayed in the Academy, day and night, like the time I had the bout of illness, because I was so bored. 
Martinus accompanied me as I stayed late, but even he would go to sleep, while I stayed, reading and staring at the stars, waiting for my life to change. That's how my days went by, while, in the house, my guards' and the Colonel's faces became darker and darker.








CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


I was still reading the same book when I felt a presence behind me. I turned, expecting Martinus to be there.
"Why did you come back?" I said, before freezing, when I noticed the man behind me.
"Hello, Amy. Amy Laurendeau," the man in front of me, who was also in ethereal form, said. 
My father wasn't wearing any mask. A tinge of craziness in his eyes, he looked at me with… I don't know. Scientific curiosity? Experimental zeal? Whatever it was, I didn't like it. I tried to stand up but couldn't. I tried to move my hand. Nothing. He had immobilized me.
"Hello, Dad," I said, to distract him. Or maybe get a reaction out of him. "The Colonel thought you'd attack me on my outing."
"That fledgling is so arrogant," the man said. "Does he think I remained free by falling into obvious traps? No, when I play, everyone plays by my rules. I don't play by other people's rules."
He then paused, looking at me with interest, and then made a twisting motion with his hand. I cried with the pain that suddenly ate my insides.
"You traitor," he said. "To side with a stranger, a cop, instead of your father. Well, you'll get what you deserve."
"You were the one who started it, Dad," I said, trying to prolong this moment, waiting for rescue. It was late, Martinus had left by now, and nobody would come. The Colonel was probably looking for my father in other places. I was alone and defenseless. But running the clock was still to my advantage. "What did you do to me? Why did you have to deform my aura so much, making a cripple out of me? The healers told me I'd only have five years to live if I stayed on Earth. The Colonel rescued me, brought me here, where I have a chance to live."
"And you believed them," he said. "You believed a stranger. They lied to you. I was about to take you from Earth, to finally perfect my creation, when they came and ruined everything."
"What creation? I'm a human being," I said.
"My creation!" he shouted. "You're not a mere human. I created you — so you could be a magician, a high magician, the best of them all. Those weaklings are allowing the destruction of our kind. My research shows it. The Morad family used to have forty magicians. Now, there are only three of us left. Every generation, there are fewer of us, great magical skills are lost, ancient families disappear. And I found a way to solve the issue."
"Am I the solution?" I asked. "A high magician, carried by an ordinary woman? You want to create new magicians — by taking babies and modifying them, right?"
"Yes," he said. "I knew you'd understood. My best, most perfect creation. You were the only one who learned how to produce magic. The only one who survived. Only the last stage is left. The last modification to reach perfection."
"You're not here to kill me?" I asked.
"What? Kill you? You believed the lies those cowards told you? No, I will not kill you. I will finish you."
"And what are you going to do afterward?" I asked. "Because my body is guarded by them. And even if you collect my ethereal substance, they won't allow you to collect my body."
"I'll get to that when I finish you," he said. 
He then started chanting. I tried to move. I tried to say something, but he had silenced me, too. 
That's when I saw Martinus. He was standing behind my father, looking at him with a strange expression. I opened my eyes widely, telling him, "Go, leave, it's dangerous". But I guess my blinking and staring wasn't working, because he made gestures with his hand, preparing a spell.
Mahalat finished chanting and waved his hands at me. I felt a scream, a scream of pain inside me, so loud it shattered my bones, my interior melting, my body being taken apart to pieces and being reassembled in a new way. 
Then, for a second, the pain stopped. I breathed and opened my eyes.
Martinus had released the spell, and a big ray of fire was going towards my father.
"You think you can stop me with that, you weakling? Here is the response to your insolence!" And Mahalat punched the air, while Martinus fell to the ground, wringing in pain.
"Leave him alone!" I cried.
He turned towards me. 
"You're still not finished," he said and made another chant. I felt everything again, except now I was able to see my surroundings, as if my conscious mind and my pain were separate. Quite a bipolar state, let me tell you. My body, my soul, and my mind were separate, the first two now being tortured by this man, while he kept pounding Martinus. Martinus, who had come to save me, rescue me. Why? I'm not sure, but what I knew, deep in my mind, was that this man, the man who created me and was now torturing me, had no right to do that. So I wished, I wished I could help, protect Martinus, stand between him and my father. 
And, despite the pain, I somehow moved. Mahalat wasn't looking at me, sure that my writhing agony made me harmless. But I wasn't. This man, this monster, killed my mother. He was now trying to change me, modify me, and kill the person who was trying to save me. When I took on a spell he sent towards Martinus, I could see the surprise in his eyes. The spell tried to dominate me, attack my mind, but my mind — my mind was free, separate from everything, scrutinizing everything from afar. The spell could not work.
"Martinus!" I cried. "Magic won't work on him. Hit him with your fist!"
Martinus, who breathed heavily behind me, didn't seem to understand, but lunged forward, with me in the front, while Mahalat kept sending spells, trying to make me obey, make me prostrate myself in front of him. I felt those desires, like a touch by a feather, on the back of my mind, somewhere where my soul, my ethereal body, was linked to my mind. But the link was so weak, so tenuous, that the spell couldn't go through it, not fast enough to dominate my mind.
When we were at a close physical distance, Martinus started pounding Mahalat. While Mahalat appeared to be a young man, he wasn't, and Martinus was. Young, strong, full of anger. He had been weakened before, but he could still beat the pulp out of Mahalat. Thanks to the ring, that necromancer's ring, my father had to fight. Distracted by the hits, he couldn't use magic. But the moment I saw him use magic, as he started collapsing on the floor while Martinus pounded him, I shouted.
"Martinus!" and tried to get between him and Mahalat again but couldn't do so in time. 
Martinus collapsed. Mahalat looked at me.
"Now you're finished," he said. 
I tried to hit him but couldn't. I was immobilized again.
I could see he was in pain. His blue, ethereal body had darkened, becoming more transparent at some spots. 
"I'll leave now, dear," he said. "But I'll come back someday. To take my best creation with me."
And he disappeared, like a puff of smoke.
Martinus was lying on the floor, motionless. His lips were pale, his breathing absent (I checked whether or not his chest was raising). 
He was still wearing the ring that made it possible for him to touch me. For me to touch him.
I started CPR. Thirty presses, two breaths. I've never performed CPR on a real person before. I hope I don't crack his ribs. Martinus, the prick, would not forgive me even if I did it to save his life. I counted the presses. Twenty, twenty-one… Thirty. God, I hope it works. I opened his mouth, slightly tilting his head, and breathed air in, observing his lungs raise. I took another breath and breathed in again… Only to find myself staring into his eyes.
I recoiled with a shriek. Now that he was conscious and breathing, would he understand? After all, I'm not sure whether they even have CPR here. Do they just use magic instead?
"I'm sorry," I stammered. "You were unconscious, and not breathing, I was trying to put air…"
"Call the healers," Martinus said, weakly. I almost didn't hear it.
"Yes, of course. The healers. What is the number?" I asked desperately fumbling with my vizor.
"111," Martinus croaked, looking at me with incredulity.
I typed in the number, and stood up, pacing the room.
"Emergency services," I heard.
"Hello," I said. "I've got a high mage here, Martinus Novak, he stopped breathing for a minute. He just regained consciousness, but still needs medical help. Can you come here immediately?"
"What are your coordinates, Miss?" the patient voice said.
"We're in the Magical Academy," I said. "In the reading section of the library."
"We're sending someone immediately," the voice said.
And indeed, almost as soon as he said it, four men in green robes appeared out of a portal. Two of them quickly headed towards Martinus, while the other two came towards me for some reason.
"I don't need help," I said. "I'm fine."
Couldn't they see I was standing and talking?
"You're not fine, Miss," the healer said. "You're on the verge of magical exhaustion. Extreme exhaustion. You've dipped into your critical life reserves. And your aura is a mess."
"But…" I tried to say. "I feel fine."
"Sure you do," the healer said, as I observed how the other two healers covered Martinus in a protective cocoon and left, with him floating in the air. "Because your body activated the flight-or-fight response. You're pumped up with adrenaline. As soon as you sit down and breathe, you'll collapse."
"I won't," I said, sitting down and breathing, just to show them. But why did everything suddenly become so dark?








CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


"She's conscious now," I suddenly heard a voice I couldn't recognize. "She's recovered from her exhaustion. She'll be fine."
"Good," I heard a voice this time, one I recognized. It was Martinus' voice. What was he doing, walking around after almost dying? I didn't want to see him after he saw me breathing air into his lungs. What if he misunderstood? I pretended I remained unconscious.
"I'll leave you two alone," the unidentified voice said. "Just press the button if she gets worse."
Then I heard the sound of the steps of somebody leaving.
"Stop pretending, Amy," Martinus said, using my name for the first time. "The healer said you're conscious."
I opened my eyes. I was surrounded by a half-sphere of magic, transparent enough you could see through it. Martinus was sitting by the bed-capsule, looking at me with what looked like a genuinely happy smile. Something I'd never seen on his face before.
"I was trying to breathe air into you," I said. "Because you weren't breathing. It wasn't a kiss. You were unconscious, and I thought you could die."
"I'm aware," Martinus said, still smiling with that weird expression. "You saved my life."
"That's right," I said, suddenly feeling brave. "You saved my life, I saved yours. We're even."
"Amy, dear," Martinus said sweetly. "We're not even. My life was in danger because I saved you. You still owe me."
"I'll do my best to repay you," I replied, slightly creeped out by his voice. And what was it with the 'dear'?
"And I'll do my best to avoid a situation where you could repay your debt," Martinus said. "You'll probably owe me all your life."
"What would you like, then?" I asked, preparing for the worst. "You need to take into account, I'm a very mediocre magician. And I already told you I'm saving myself for marriage."
Martinus shrugged.
"That's OK," he said, cryptically. "I can wait."
"What do you mean, you'll wait?" I asked. 
He said nothing, but his smile sent shivers down my spine.
Despite my ghost form, it was quite hard to get up; my body felt weak. Almost like the time my mother put me on a diet. I looked down at my wrists. They were thin, the veins visible.
"How long have I been here?" I asked.
"A day," Martinus said.
"A day? I need to get back to my body! I need to drink, and eat, and go to the toilet…" I said.
"The healer will send you now," Martinus said, pressing the button. "I just wanted to talk to you."
The healer quickly came.
"Is everything alright?" he asked, looking at Martinus.
"Send her to her body," Martinus ordered.
By which authority, I thought. It's my body and health, after all. But I guess there are advantages to a great family name.
"Miss Laurendeau," the healer said. "Do you have somebody who can take care of you while you're recovering? Somebody who can provide you with healing attention?"
"Yes," I said. 
"Good, then," the Healer said.
He waved his hand, after which I felt a shot of energy. Then he waved it again, and I felt the familiar feeling of returning to my body.
#
When I woke up in my body, I felt like I'd felt after the portalling so-called accident, only worse. 
"Hello, Miss Laurendeau," I heard the Colonel's voice. I tried to turn my head, but it seemed like I couldn't even do that.
"Colonel," I said, with a croaky, raspy voice.
"Here, Miss Laurendeau," the Colonel said, putting a straw in my mouth. "Have some water."
I drank, feeling the painful sensation of the cooling water through my burning throat.
"It seems, Miss Laurendeau, that we were wrong," the Colonel said. "And we miscalculated Mahalat's desire to finish his experiment. The good news is, it seems like the experiment fixed you. Our healer analyzed you, and you seem to have a normal ethereal body now. A high magician's ethereal body. His strategy was risky; he could have killed you. But the healers said you can live a normal life now. If he doesn't kidnap you."
"Martinus…" I started to say, but the Colonel stopped me.
"Mr. Novak told us everything. We know what happened. We also expect it will take Mahalat a while to recover since he can't get the services of a healer. We've sent a Confederation-wide notice to all healers, to report any person who comes with the described symptoms. So he'll stay somewhere, licking his wounds, until he comes back."
"What happens now," I said. "To me."
"After you recover," the Colonel said, "you can go work. You should stay in Kaffale house, and we'll keep all your outings under constant supervision."
"The Academy," I asked.
"You can go to the Academy," the Colonel said. "Although Healers have prohibited you from doing any magic for the next week. We've sent a note there, so you'll be freed from all practical classes."
The healer who came after the Colonel left helped me with my body needs. Since I couldn't move at all this time without writhing in agony, the healer used spells to help me with them. I got food through a straw, in the form of some white liquid that wasn't milk.
"We'll try to get you as independent as possible soon," the healer said, "but it will take at least three days."
Three days before I can go to the toilet and eat solid food? I don't want to be conscious during that. 
The Captain had placed the vizor by my cheek. I touched it and said the phrase, even though every word was painful.
Once I walked into the Main Hall, I could feel some discomfort, but not the level of pain I was experiencing in my body. I then headed towards the library, this time to read something distracting. There has to be a Romance section in the library. And I feel like reading something about princesses and pirates. Or maybe heroes in shining armor rescuing damsels in distress? I'm still not sure what I want my love story to be.
#
Hiding in the spot nobody would look, the man squirmed in agony. The boy had pounded him good. But his creation — his creation was finished, perfect. The idiots — the weaklings wouldn't notice. But he knew. The moment she was able to absorb and resist his spell, he knew. That he had finally managed it, to separate the mind, body, and soul. 
Amy wasn't his first experiment. When he saw the small, weak, writhing baby, he didn't even feel she was his best experiment. But the others — stronger boys, the kids of low female magicians he kidnapped, the kids that grew in worlds filled with magic — kept dying, while that small, weak clump kept growing, surviving. Every time he modified her, he expected her to die. But she just kept living. When her mother started dying, he considered taking her with him, but then she saved her mother. Her modification took on, she learned how to generate magic, and she kept doing it. He encouraged it, making her body even more prone to outbursts, making her so much better at producing and absorbing magic. He kept marveling at her, every time he visited her, expecting her to be dead, only to see a thriving girl. She grew, despite all the malformations of her ethereal body.
He realized what the issue was. All the others, the ones who grew in worlds full of magic, didn't need to produce magic. So their bodies kept rejecting the changes he made until they died under his knife. But Amy — she needed the changes to live, so her body kept accepting the modifications, because, after the first one, she needed each of the next ones to survive.
He'd made other now, on Earth, on other isolated worlds. But she — his first surviving daughter, the most successful of his creations, she was now out of his reach.
"Don't worry, dear," he said, looking at the image of his creation, "Daddy will save you soon."
