The Greylands: Volume V

Susan Skylark

Copyright 2013 Susan Skylark
Smashwords Edition
Revised 2019



Author’s note: each story is unique to itself and not related in any way to any other story, character, or world in this or any other series.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to an authorized retailor and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



Table of Contents:

The Pallid Knight
Empire
Another Eden

Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters




The Pallid Knight:

The rain lashing at the windows did nothing to lighten Kyan's mood and only seemed to echo the doubts that plagued his mind when he was too tired or discouraged to chase them away with his usual unshakable enthusiasm.  The small, dark cottage in which he and his sister now dwelt offered little by way of comfort or cheer, especially on such a gloomy day.  They had once lived in a grand castle, she had been a fine lady, and he had aspired to become a great knight.  But now they were little more than paupers, totally dependent on what little remained of their elder brother's beneficence.
Kyan had been a squire in the service of a renowned knight when word reached him of his father's sudden death, his brother's assumption of their father's rank and wealth, and his sister's impending nuptials to a knight of most unworthy character.  All of which prompted the boy to beg his master's leave to return home until matters could be settled in a more satisfactory fashion.  His master had scoffed at his weakness and bid him return home if he must, but bade him not to return if he were so foolish as to leave such a desirous post for so pathetic reason.  So Kyan had fled home with all haste, much to his sister's joy and his brother's great displeasure.
Kaya was to wed a rich and powerful knight, though one with a dreadful reputation, as soon as could be arranged.  Marlin, their elder brother, did not want to be troubled with the girl and was quite desirous of the benefits to himself that came by forming such an alliance, though it would come at the cost of all his sister’s happiness.  Kyan would not stand to see his sister wed to such a man and boldly declared this to his brother, who was already aghast at the boy's sudden desertion of his post.  He banished them both to the old cottage that had once served the gatekeeper but had long since been replaced by a better and more serviceable abode.
Thither they fled and waited to see what might come of the matter once Marlin's wrath had cooled.  But in the fortnight since their change of address, they had seen nothing of their brother nor heard anything from him.  A retired footman had appeared at their door one bright morning three days after their banishment and had assumed the place of steward, butler, gardener, cook, and drudge.  It seemed their brother had at least granted them an allowance of food and the aid of the old servant, though he would not deign to speak to them himself.  
Kyan must have sat deep in thought for some time, for the rain had ceased and the bright sunshine of a spring morning was pouring in the window.  Kaya stood before him and declared, "I cannot abide it any longer!  I must be allowed out of this squalid little hut ere I go mad.  Do you think I could have the use of the stables?"  
Kyan frowned doubtfully, "I little know what we dare in our current circumstances?"  
Kaya grinned mischievously, "then I shall dare all of Marlin's wrath for a ride on such a morning!"  
She bounced out of the house before Kyan could call her back, but he did catch the eye of their faithful servant, who gave a quick nod of his head and dashed after the lady.  At least she would not go alone.  The servants in the stable said nothing as the lady and her ancient footman selected their horses and rode out into the brilliant day, fresh after the rain.  Kyan watched them go, an unbidden sense of trepidation suddenly rising in his heart; he wondered at this, for it had nothing to do with his brother.
The day was fading into dusk when the breathless servant returned at the gallop, ashen grey and alone.  His horse was frothed with sweat and dancing so much with nervousness that it was a miracle the man could maintain his seat.  Kyan dashed out into the yard as the man reined the nearly frantic beast to a standstill.  The old servant flung himself from the saddle and on his knees, wept out a tale of woe as he clutched his young master's coat and sobbed.
Kyan stared at the man, dumbfounded.  It could not be, but the old man was far from senile.  The horse stood with head hanging and sides heaving, a merry ride in the country could not account for the pitiful creature's state, no matter how far and hard they had ridden.  Something had frightened the beast nigh unto death and his rider was in little better state.  Kyan freed himself from the terrified old man's clutching hands, said something he could never afterwards remember by way of consolation, and dashed for the castle to inform his brother of these dread tidings.
The doors were firmly closed for the night and the watchman on duty shook his head grimly as the boy pounded vainly on the great oaken doors.  Said the guard, "it is no use lad, your brother will not hear you.  He has forsaken you and your sister as kith and kin and will no longer associate with either of you, so much have you embarrassed and discomfited him.  He will allow you to live quietly under his care, as he might a penniless uncle, but he will not deign to allow you into his presence or acknowledge you as kin.  You had best go home and leave things be, ere they grow worse should you further provoke him."  
Kyan stopped his pounding upon the door and said in desperation, "but my sister!  Our sister!  She has this day gone missing!  We will need all our strength and more to rescue her!"  
The old soldier shook his head sadly, "he will not hear you or acknowledge her as his responsibility.  If there is a remedy, you must find it yourself."  
The boy nodded in resignation and turned from the great door.  As he turned to go, he said to the ancient guard, "could I have the loan of your sword?  I have no weapon to my name and this foe is grim indeed."
Moved to pity by the plight of the boy and his sister, of whom he had been fond since they were small enough to bounce upon their father's knee, the old man said, "my armor is old and plain, but the sword is sharp as any of greater name or lineage.  Take what you need, for here it will only rust in the damp of night and rain of countless hours of watching."  
The boy brightened at this small offer of help, took what the man could spare him, and then dashed towards the stable.  He took the horse he had returned home upon and vanished into the night upon the trail of his lost sister.  The old servant watched the boy ride off, then collapsed into a sobbing heap before the crumbling cottage; he was raving with fever when they found him the next morning and the name he cried out sent a chill through the heart of even the boldest that heard it.  Marlin cursed his brother's foolishness for undertaking such a quest alone.  Many were the brave knights that had challenged this dreadful foe yet none had ever returned to tell the tale.

Kyan pushed his horse as hard as he dared, knowing he had a long journey ahead of him yet his heart ached to think of his sister languishing in the clutches of this infamous villain.  His own courage nearly failed even to think upon that name, let alone to speak it aloud.  The Master of Bones was infamous for his cruelty and seeming invincibility, but there was no mistaking that those who had borne off his sister were Minions, the awful slaves of that terrible creature.  So he rode on, knowing full well his own death was inevitable but hoping against hope that somehow he might succeed in ransoming his sister.
The creature's lair stood atop a mountain at least a week's hard riding from Marlin's castle and Kyan regretted every minute wasted in rest, but neither he nor his horse would live to challenge the Master of Bones if he pressed on as hard as he wished.  The days were a blur, he slept uneasily when he stopped to rest the horse, and lived on the dry bread and meat the servant had hastily packed ere his departure.  But somehow, both man and beast survived the interminable journey and stood at the base of the mountain atop which a once grand castle perched, wherein dwelt their vile foe.
Kyan drew rein and stopped for their final rest at the base of the path leading up the rocky slope.  The tired horse whinnied in terror, catching the creature's scent; he reared, pulled his reins free, and fled back the way they had come.  Kyan sighed heavily, not liking to lose his only companion on this suicidal quest, but perhaps it was for the best, at least one of them would survive this fool adventure.  
"That beast has more sense than you," came an amused voice, "it would be wise for you to flee likewise."  
Kyan jumped at the unexpected utterance but quickly glanced around to locate the source.  An old man, hunched and bent, sat upon a stone beside the climbing path though no one had been there a moment before.  Said the boy, "I would not attempt such a thing were it not needful sir, that creature has my sister and I must attempt her rescue or forever rue my cowardice."  
The old man nodded thoughtfully, "a needful thing perhaps, but certainly not wise unless you can somehow hope to accomplish your task."  
The boy nodded glumly, "I know none have lived who have ascended this hill but I must try sir."
The peculiar little man said, "no, none survive but that does not mean you cannot succeed in your goal."  The boy frowned in incomprehension as the man continued, "there is a way to rescue your sister but it will cost you your life."  
For the first time in days, hope shone in the boy's eyes, "I knew I rode to my death regardless sir, let it not be in vain.  What must I do?"  
The old man said, "only a true Knight can defeat this dreadful creature and only one willing to lay his life down without struggle or fuss.  He must offer himself in the victim's stead, only then can the creature be destroyed and the hostage freed, else all will perish."  
The boy sighed, "I am willing to make such a sacrifice yet no knight am I, only a disgraced squire."  
The strange little man laughed, "what know these mortal lords of true valor and courage?  Come boy, kneel and you shall be a true Knight of the Great King."  The boy's eyes widened in wonder but he quickly knelt before the old man, who promptly knighted the boy, and then sent him on his way after telling him exactly what must be said and done.  The boy stood, nearly glowing with eagerness and was about to spill forth his thanks to the stranger but he was again alone at the base of the path.  He shook his head in wonder and quickly set forth on his last and greatest quest.
He had not gone far when an ugly creature, roughly man shaped but with long arms and a leathery grey hide, accosted him, "would you challenge the Master of Bones fool?"  
Kyan took a deep breath and addressed the Minion as calmly as he could, though his heart quivered within him, "I do not come to challenge your master.  He has taken my sister and I would take her place.  I do hereby surrender myself to your master if he would then free my sister.  She is but a disgraced lady of little name and no fortune.  I am a true Knight, full and free."  
The creature at first seemed taken aback at this statement and then burst into uproarious laughter.  Kyan calmly waited for the abomination to regain its senses.  The mirthful convulsions finally subsided and the Minion replied as calmly as it could, "very well, my master would be most interested in your plea.  Come."  He followed the creature as it ascended towards the ancient castle that the Master of Bones had taken from whomever had built it centuries ago.  As they climbed, Minions seemed to appear out of every crevice and crack in the stone and from behind every rock.  There had never been such an entrance as this in all the long years since the Master of Bones had taken this place as his own.  Mortal men came only ever to challenge or as captives, never as a willing victim.
 Kyan was surrounded by Minions as they finally came to the ridge on which the ancient ruin stood; the Master of Bones had come forth to meet them.  The creature was vaguely troll-like in appearance, being thrice the height of a man with long arms, pasty flesh, scraggly hair, beady eyes, and many cruel and broken teeth.  He stared down at his victim and gloated, "not brave enough to challenge me boy?  Or perhaps you know I can be bested by no mortal man?  In either case, I shall drink your blood and my Minions shall gladly gnaw your bones."  
"What of my sister?" demanded Kyan in a bold voice that surprised everyone, most especially himself.  
The Master of Bones snorted, "if her freedom is your price, then let the bargain be struck.  As soon as you lie dead, she shall go free."  "Only," said the monster in great glee, "she must watch."  
Kyan flinched, "must you be so cruel?"  
He snorted in derision, "what else could I be?  Be silent, you are lucky I am willing to bargain at all, but this miserable sacrifice amuses me else I would not humor such folly.  Now lie on that stone bier, as is proper for a Knight in death."
Kyan climbed atop the great flat topped stone and lay with his sword on his breast, clutching the hilt with both hands.  He heard his sister shriek as the Minions brought her forth to watch this ghastly demonstration; he heard her screams of terror turn to sobs of horror as she recognized her brother upon the slab.  The Master of Bones smiled at her horror and then bent over the prone Knight, gloating, "I hope the price was worth it boy!"  He opened his grim mouth to reveal countless sharp and broken teeth with which he bit down on the boy's exposed neck and severed the great vessels found therein.  The sudden shunting of blood from Kyan's brain to the monster's gullet caused the boy to lapse suddenly into darkness, his sister's sobs and the mocking laughter of the Minions were the last things he heard.
The boy's skin grew deathly pale, his heart struggled vainly, and his breathing ceased; Kaya wept inconsolably.  The monster stood upright, a dreadful smile on his face, as he sneered down at the limp and unmoving Knight.  The girl's sobbing made him smile all the more.  He reached down and took up the boy's sword, disappointed to discover the fool was so ill-equipped.  His castle was stuffed with treasure once owned by those foolish enough to oppose him.  This pathetic creature bore nothing more elaborate than a common foot soldier might possess.  A single drop of blood escaped his flabby lips and landed on the sword as he studied the weapon.  He cast it aside in disgust, but it did not clatter upon the stony ground as it should have.  
He turned to stare in astonishment at the ominous silence and gasped to see his victim, sitting up and holding the sword, ready to spring.  The monster began to laugh but it turned to a gurgle as Kyan leapt upon him and drove the weapon deep into the creature's chest.  They collapsed together upon the stony ground and the Master of Bones fell to dust.  A great cry went up from the hapless Minions, who suddenly clutched at their chests and vanished, as had their master.  A terrible wind came up and blew away the mortal remains of the Minions and their late master.  Kaya remained alone in that desolate place and raced to the side of her unmoving brother, who lay pale and lifeless upon the flagstones.  She knelt over the prone form and wept in terror, horror, and relief.  
"Move aside girl," came an urgent but not unfriendly voice.  In wonder and astonishment, the girl did as she was bidden before realizing who it was that had spoken.  The bent old man knelt beside the boy, blew on his face, and said simply, "awake."
He moved aside as Kyan groaned, sat up, and stared in wonder at the old man, who smiled knowingly and winked at the flummoxed boy.  The swirling storm of thoughts and experiences that raced through the stunned boy’s mind suddenly calmed and resolved itself into some semblance of order.  He had many questions, had seen things that no mortal mind can comprehend, for they are things beyond this world, but he knew he must wait, for now was not the time to inadvertently reveal things that have been hidden from the knowledge of man since the beginning of Time.
The old man moved aside and allowed the overjoyed Kaya to assault her brother.  She flung herself upon him and wept in joy and relief.  He held her close, letting her vent her emotions and once she had recovered her composure, they both turned curious eyes upon their ancient benefactor.  He smiled gently at them and said, “you have many questions I know, but now is not the time for answers.  Instead, you must put this place in order and put its treasures and secrets to good use.”  
Kyan stood and his sister did the same.  He bowed deeply to the wizened being before him and said, “thank you for everything; we shall do as you ask.”  
Kaya gasped, “but…?”  She did not finish her protest, for the man had vanished suddenly with an amused smile and a wink.  She turned to her brother and proclaimed, “can you tell me what is going on?”  
He shook his head and smiled, “I will tell you what little I know but first I think we had best be about the task that was set us.”
They finally had the chance to take a good look at the things around them and Kaya gasped in wonder, “it is truly beautiful!  Perhaps if it rained and green things grew here once more it might rival fabled Paradise.”  
Kyan said almost to himself, “that it would, though no earthly place could ever truly compare to that bright country.”  
As if in answer to her thoughts, the thunder rumbled and a sudden downpour drove them into the castle proper.  They had expected to find the place dark, dirty, and crumbling to dust, but it seemed the wind that had carried away the remnants of their enemies had also done a thorough job of dusting as well.  There were obviously places where the castle was in need of repair due to the neglect and occasional violence of its most recent occupants, but that it was in such good repair after so much inattention and abuse said much of the skill and proficiency of its builders.  Neither was it dark and dreary, as they had expected.  They found the windows open, allowing in the grey light of a stormy afternoon while torches, lamps, and candles burned brightly throughout the castle while fires blazed in every hearth, driving the damp and chill from the wet spring weather.  
“I did not expect that creature to keep this place so well lit!” exclaimed Kaya cheerfully.  
Kyan shook his head, “this is not of his doing.  Come, we had best look deeper into the recesses of this place.  Legend holds it to be stuffed to overflowing with treasure, not that anyone has ever glimpsed it and lived to tell the tale.”  They descended into the lower reaches of the castle and found the dungeons, wine cellars, and other subterranean chambers full of gold, gems, tapestries, paintings, and any number of precious, beautiful, and rare items.  Kyan looked grimly on the vast collection of finely wrought armor and bright swords, knowing what had come of their former owners.  He turned to his sister and said, “now, let us look into the upper chambers.”  
She nodded and eagerly left the glittering stores below, such splendor had given her quite a headache.  They found the upper tiers of the castle structurally sound, stripped of all decoration and comfort, yet strangely clean with the furniture in good repair, as if awaiting a fresh change of linen after a thorough spring cleaning.  Kaya’s eyes danced with merriment as they descended once more to the main hall, “what did that man mean by ‘do good’ with all this treasure?”  
Kyan smiled, “we are to put this ill-gotten gain to good use.  It shall go to the aid of those who need it, especially those who have suffered so long under the brutality of that creature.”  
She laughed and clapped her hands together like an excited child, “what fun that shall be!”  She then glanced about and sighed, “that is if we have any time left after caring for this great castle.  How are we to find servants willing to work in a place that was only this morning a horror and a nightmare?”  
Kyan said knowingly, “that too shall be provided.”  
His smile broadened as a nervous and tentative figure crept into the brightly lit hall.  Kaya gasped in fear and took a step behind her brother, but Kyan walked forward and embraced the flabbergasted old servant.  He stared at his late master and mistress in some combination of joy and terror, not quite knowing what to say.  “Lenard!” said Kaya in sheer joy, “What brings you to this dreadful place?”  
The man crumpled his hat in his hands and looked at the floor, but then sheepishly glanced at first one and then the other, not yet sure what to think or even to say, but he began, “I saw them take you my lady; I tried to follow, but alas my poor horse would not keep apace of those dreadful creatures.  Instead I rode like a madman back to your brother and told him the tale.  He begged your elder brother’s aid but he was not even granted a hearing so was forced to ride forth alone.  After I saw him off, I was left all alone and so exhausted and grief-stricken that I could do naught but collapse in a heap, and was soon overcome with fever.  Your elder brother’s servants found me and did what they could, but there was little hope, or so they said.  But in the midst of my delirium, an old man came to me and said that I might be of some aid to my master if I would but go to him.”  
“How could I refuse,” continued he, “so I sat up, took up my hat and cloak, got out of bed, and the moment I stepped outside the door, my fever was gone, I felt quite rested and found myself at the foot of this very mountain.  And here I am.  How is it that I got here?  I cannot say, but so I am.  How is it that you survived and even triumphed in this place, my lord and my dearest lady?”  
Kyan laughed for joy, “it seems your mysterious old man has been quite a help to all of us of late.  It was he that advised me on how to deal with the creature that once lurked herein, and he that called me back into the mortal realm.”  
Kaya then broke in with a sob, “so you were truly dead?”  
Kyan smiled gently and drew her close in a hug, “for your sake I was willing to endure anything and the cost of your freedom was death.  And it was only willing blood that could vanquish that creature we shall not name.  With his demise, so too perished his Minions.”  
Kaya shivered, “what were those dreadful things?”  
Kyan said thoughtfully, “they were once men.  There were but two choices when one came to this place willingly or as a captive.  One was death, the other was slavery to that creature.  He would spare your life but thereafter you belonged to him and upon his defeat, all of his Minions likewise perished.”  
Kaya shuddered, “what a dreadful choice!”  
Kyan said quietly, “it should have been no choice at all, for such could not be considered life.”  He turned to Lenard, “come my friend, you are soaked to the bone and just out of a sickbed.  We must get you warm and fed.”  
Lenard gasped in horror, “nay my lord, it cannot be so!  I feel quite hale and hearty, as I have not felt in thirty years.  Whereas you have endured far worse than I and look as if you should be abed and unable to rise.”  
Kyan frowned in confusion but finally took a look at himself in a great mirror upon one wall.  He gasped in surprise and then smiled, “I suppose one cannot complain about his looks when he has just recovered from something as serious as death.  Why did you not say something, my dear sister?”  
She smiled ruefully and said, “the day has been so overwhelming and I was so grateful to have you back that I little noticed anything else.”  
Kyan glanced again at his reflection and had to agree with Lenard.  He should be abed, if not in his grave.  He was pale as death and a great wound gaped in his neck where vile teeth had struck.  He felt fine, in fact he felt better than he ever could remember.  “Fear not for me Lenard,” said Kyan as calmly as he could, “I feel as good as you, no matter what I look like.”  
“As you say sir,” said he doubtfully, “what would be your first order of business?  I assume I will be allowed to resume my usual duties?”  Kyan smiled and the man dashed off gleefully to begin setting the castle in order.

It rained for three days and on the fourth, the sun shone brightly on a green and fresh countryside that had swiftly forgotten years of abuse and neglect.  The castle gleamed white and grey in the sunshine while the mountain sparkled like an emerald after centuries of naught but dust and bare stone.  This sudden change caused quite a stir among the folk who sometimes caught a glimpse of the once dreaded keep, but few were those who dared live or even travel within sight of that horrible place but word quickly spread from those that did and more soon came to gawk out of curiosity.  
However, their first visitor arrived upon that first wet morning amidst the fury of the storm.  He was a stranger and knew nothing of the place, though little enough could be seen in the midst of the storm.  He was a knight in full armor, aback a fearsome steed, and he had come a’questing.  He stood at the castle gates and blew his horn, then shouted his challenge to the master of the castle.  The bold knight was quite taken aback when no fierce monster came forth but only an ancient servant, who said almost apologetically, “if you would Sir Knight, my master asks you to join him for the morning repast.  You can discuss your challenge over eggs and toast, I suppose.”
So astonished was he, that he dismounted without a word and followed the man laboriously into the castle, for it is not easy to walk in full armor.  After the tedious business of stripping off his armor, the young knight curiously followed the servant into the small dining room, which they had taken to using for their meals.  Lenard was quite astonished to find a fully stocked pantry, but not ungrateful to their mysterious benefactor.  The young man bowed to the strangely pale man who sat at the head of the table and to the fair lady that sat beside him.  The man and lady returned his formalities and motioned for him to take the chair opposite the lady.  
The young man stammered as Lenard served the eggs, “where is the Master of Bones?  Have I come to the wrong place?”  
Kyan shuddered slightly and said, “please, do not speak that evil name in this place.  You are in the right place but have come too late, for the monster is slain and his curse broken.”  
The young knight sighed, “then my quest has failed.  My father has too many sons and not enough of an inheritance to settle upon them all.  I was given the choice of taking this quest and thereby gaining my fortune or of displacing an aged goatherd from his crumbling cottage which is all my father could bequeath me.”  
Kyan smiled, “then you had best let the poor goatherd alone and rather stay here, marry my sister, and put this dreadful treasure to good use.”  They stared at him as if he was mad, but he smiled quite sanely at them.  
“You hardly know me!” squawked the boy.  
“I do not know you but my Master does,” said Kyan, as if this made perfect sense.  He continued, “of course you both must agree to the arrangement, but it is a needful thing, as I have other errands I must be about and I cannot leave my lady sister here unattended.”  
The knight glanced thoughtfully at the lady, who shyly dropped her gaze when his met hers.  He laughed warmly, “I suppose this is a far fairer quest than that upon which I rode forth.  If the lady is willing, so am I.”  Kaya readily, though quite abashedly, agreed.  The old man appeared quite providentially that evening and performed the ceremony, vanishing suddenly thereafter.  Kyan bid farewell to them all and marched out into the tempest that raged without, all wondering why he did not heed the storm or the darkness.  They shared a perplexed look but they had seen far stranger things of late.  

Kyan found his horse standing in the downpour, easily mounted the beast, and rode off into the heart of the storm.  Morning found them far from the castle in lands Kyan knew well; they were much farther than a night’s riding could account for and the horse seemed fresh from the stable, not stumbling with weariness as he should have been.  He was so lively that the scent of a dragon sent him into a panicked flight, which landed them in a bog that was determined to swallow them whole.  
The rather embarrassed dragon settled on the edge of the fen and immediately began apologizing, but Kyan interrupted him, “it was the silly horse that is to blame not you, would you mind getting us out of this mire ere we become permanent residents?”  
“Oh, certainly,” said the dragon, but the terrified horse bitterly fought his attempts to free them.  Only when the creature had exhausted itself could the dragon come to their aid.  
While all of this was going on, a knight and his squire watched quite curiously from a distance.  Asked the squire, “will we not help him, Sir?”  
The knight scoffed, “do not be a fool, we are not equipped to face a dragon, besides, I will not risk life and limb for a peasant fool enough to lose himself in a bog.  Come along!”  
But the squire had drawn his sword and was preparing to ride to the rescue, saying, “I will do it alone then.”  
The knight snarled as he spurred his horse in the opposite direction, “so be it, but if you survive the dragon, I swear that you shall pay for this betrayal with your life and mine shall be the hand of vengeance.”  
“So be it,” said the boy grimly as he rode madly towards the dragon.
“Oh dear!” gasped the creature in surprise, “This is certainly a fierce little warrior.”  He laid the exhausted horse and his muddy rider gently on solid ground and immediately took wing, bidding them both a pleasant day.  
The would-be hero looked to the muddy knight in confusion and the knight smiled, “thank you for the attempted rescue, but I fear you have thrown your career away for nothing.”  
The boy gasped, “how did you know?”  
Kyan snorted in disgust, “you are not the first squire Tyne has lost of late.  I was his last.  He disinherited me when I returned home to deal with a family crisis.”  
The boy shivered, “then what am I to do?  If you were a true Knight I would gladly become your squire.”  
Kyan said grimly, “I have been knighted lad, but if ever I were to have a squire, his life would inevitably be forfeit.”  
The boy brightened, “Tyne has vowed to kill me if I survived the dragon.  I might as well do something useful with whatever of life is left to me; he will not soon forget his promise of vengeance.”  
Kyan smiled sadly, knowing how truly the boy spoke, but then smiled wholeheartedly, “then come along lad, we have a week’s riding ahead of us.”  The boy nodded gratefully and fell in behind the Pallid Knight.
The boy had many questions when they finally stopped for the night.  He had been a squire a mere week and Tyne’s previous squire had run off not long before that.  How could the man truly call himself a Knight?  Was he not just a disgraced squire posing as what he would never now be allowed to call himself?  Kyan came back from the nearby stream, where he had been washing away the dried muck and mud he had acquired that morning through his mount’s creative detour.  He was wiping away the excessive moisture with his cloak when the boy decided to confront him with the difficult questions swirling in his mind, but before he could utter a word, a gasp escaped his lips.  The boy, Bayard by name, had not noticed how deathly pale his new master was because of all the filth and grime covering his face, but now he could see how pallid the man was, accentuated by the moonlight.  
“You have questions,” said Kyan quietly, “and I will answer those I can.  Nothing binds you to me or my cause, you can leave whenever you wish.  To stay is death.”  The boy shivered at his grim tone but followed him quietly back to their small fire.  Bayard took a deep breath and ploughed ahead with his questions.  He was both horrified and thrilled by Kyan’s story, though many of his questions could not yet be answered.  Kyan finished, “there are many things I still do not understand and there are others that I am not yet allowed to share.  But perhaps one day you will hear them, if you decide to accompany me.  A sane man would flee for his life.”  Bayard could do nothing but smile eagerly and contemplate his sanity.
The boy slept soundly while Kyan kept silent watch.  He did not need rest as once he did, though the boy and horses certainly could not go on without it.  The night passed quietly and he roused his companion at an early hour, anxious to see how his sister and her new lord were getting on.  The boy blinked in surprise, amazed that it had not all been a dream.  They were soon in their saddles and riding with good speed back to that once dreadful castle, but perhaps now a place of hope.  Without incident, they finally arrived home.  The boy’s eyes danced with joy and wonder as he surveyed his new home; he had heard legends of this place, horrible tales that kept small boys and grown men awake at night.  He never thought to see it, especially restored to this beauteous state.  
Kaya welcomed her brother home eagerly, cheerfully greeted the boy, and asked after their adventures.  She paled to hear of Tyne, for it was to him that Marlin had promised her hand.  Their families had connections that went back a century or more.  Each took on the other’s sons as squires, they fought together in war, hunted together as friends, spent much time in hosting feasts and balls in the other’s honor, and offered their daughters as wives.  It was a logical offer, but not a wise one.  Their father would never allow the match while he lived, for he knew Tyne’s character and refused to make the arrangements; it was a pity that Kyan was already his squire and there was nothing to be done for it, but it was through this that they discovered Tyne’s true nature.  Marlin did not have such moral qualms and readily agreed to such an advantageous match.  Kyan rode home immediately to prevent it.  Tyne had not yet heard of Marlin’s plan else he would not have let the boy ride home, but Kaya had sent urgent word to her brother and thus saved them all much misery.  
Tyne was quite aghast when he discovered that not only had his ex-squire abandoned him, but Kyan had also ruined his chances of wedding Kaya.  He vowed vengeance on the insolent squire, but soon word reached him of the boy’s fool quest and the girl’s hopeless fate.  Tyne was a bit disappointed that his had not been the hand that had meted out justice but at least they had both gotten what they deserved, or so he thought.  He had immediately taken on a new squire and set out on a hunting foray only to have the new boy run off as well.  Tyne was in a very sour mood when he returned home and grew downright murderous when one of the servants informed him that not only had Kyan survived his suicidal quest, he was now a very rich man and a self-proclaimed Knight.  Tyne immediately set forth to have his revenge.  He arrived not a day after Kyan and Bayard had returned.  
Ithril and Kaya were off on a morning ride, surveying the surrounding countryside, trying to map out the best places for potential farms and villages, as they hoped one day to restore this forsaken land to a truly civilized realm.  Lenard was in the courtyard when Tyne rode in astride his great warhorse and demanded to see Kyan.  The servant protested but there was nothing he could do to hinder the furious warrior, save dash ahead to warn his master.  Tyne quickly dismounted and backhanded the poor man with his gauntlet, sending the servant flying, only to land in a crumpled heap beside one wall.  There would be no warning, only death.  He strode into the castle proper, searching for his quarry.  He was quite taken aback, but not displeased, to see Bayard barring his way.  
Snarled Tyne, “so you have taken up with this reprobate have you?  No matter, I shall have vengeance upon you both.  Where is your master?”  
The boy held his ground but shivered in terror, “you shall not trouble him.”  
Tyne slowly drew his sword but the boy did not move.  “As I have promised,” said he with a grim smile, “so shall it be.”  He thrust the weapon through the boy’s chest, withdrew the bloodied blade, and stepped casually over the gasping boy.  He did not notice the old man crouching over the dying boy as he continued his search for Kyan.  
“You are not welcome here, Tyne,” came Kyan’s grim voice, “and now you are a murderer as well.  Has not enough blood been spilled in this place?  Must you add more?”  
Tyne curled his lip and proffered his sword, “his shall not be the last.  Yours shall be next.”  
Kyan shook his head, “I have already paid that price.  It cannot be so again.  Be gone from here before it goes ill with you.”  
Tyne scoffed, “you have not the skill to defeat me nor help to expel me.  You are alone!”  
Kyan turned his back on the man and said simply, “you can do little to harm me and those you have power to hurt, you have already overcome.”  As they were speaking, Tyne had followed him out into the courtyard where he crouched over Lenard and felt for a pulse, but his neck was bent at an unnatural angle and his eyes stared blankly.  Kyan stood and faced Tyne, his eyes hard as granite, “you have slain a good and faithful man for no reason.  May justice fall hard upon you for this!”  
Tyne scoffed, “you shed no tears for your so-called squire!  Why such pity for a mere servant?”  
Kyan said quietly, “the boy chose his fate and greater things will come of his death.  The servant had no choice in the matter and a more faithful heart I have never known.”  
“Enough,” snarled Tyne, as he leapt upon Kyan.  He had sheathed his sword but held a long dagger at the ready; he drove it deep into Kyan’s abdomen.  He flinched back in pain, but it felt more a bee sting than a mortal wound.  Tyne stared, for there was no blood upon his weapon or on his foe’s injured tunic.  “I shall see you bleed!” snarled the enraged Tyne as he lunged at Kyan’s throat.  Instead, all he managed to do was rip the scarf off of his enemy’s neck, revealing the gaping wounds that still marred his throat.  Tyne stepped back in horror, “what are you?”  
Kyan shrugged as he picked up the discarded piece of cloth and secured it once more in its place.  “Be gone,” said Kyan grimly, “justice is not mine to mete out, but if the master of the castle returns and you are still here, it will not go well with you.”
“The master of the castle?” squawked Tyne, “I thought that was you!”  
Kyan snorted, “what use have I for titles, wealth, or land?  Such things do not belong to such as I; they are the province of mortal men.”  He looked back the way they had come and smiled.  Tyne followed his gaze and gasped, for Bayard had emerged into the courtyard, his chest a bloody ruin.  Tyne shrieked, threw down his dagger, leapt aback his horse, and thundered out of the castle.  
“I begin to understand,” said Bayard with a slight grin.  His eyes lit upon Lenard and he quickly sobered, “is there to be no justice for this faithful man?”  
“All will have justice one day,” came a familiar voice, “but not always when or how you might expect it.”  They both went to one knee with bowed heads, as the little bent man appeared in the courtyard beside the stricken servant.  He looked with eyes full of sorrow upon the broken form and said for all to hear, “his was a death as faithful as yours.  He was never a warrior, yet his heart held more courage than many who wield a sword.  I will Ask, but he may choose to leave this world and its problems behind.  He has already suffered much.”  He bent down and appeared to whisper something in Lenard’s ear.  The man stirred, blinked at the sunshine, and smiled deeply at his Master.  
They both stood and Lenard said somewhat abashedly, “I am not too keen on swords and fighting and all that.  I would be happy to stay on here for a bit if there was something useful I might do, but I am no warrior.”  
“There are many tasks that need doing and few of them require swords,” laughed the old man, “you may stay here and continue what you have been doing, but now you will be far more efficient and much less vulnerable.”  Then He was gone.
The two kneeling knights were suddenly on their feet and embracing the quite embarrassed servant.  Lenard fought off their greetings and said quite seriously, “whatever you two have been up to, you had best get cleaned up.  I do not think the Lady Kaya need know of any of this.  Let things be as they have always been, at least to her knowledge.”  
Kyan nodded, “that is wisdom indeed, though Ithril should be apprised of what has happened here, especially as concerns Tyne and his murderous intentions.”  
By the time the Lord and Lady returned that evening, the castle and its occupants looked as if nothing untoward had happened, though when Kyan drew Ithril aside and told him of all that had come to pass, his face darkened and he asked, “what is to be done about this rogue knight?”  
Kyan shook his head, “if he returns, you may see justice done, but there is nothing Bayard or I can do against this fiend, at least while he remains amongst mortal men.”  
Ithril paled, “what does that mean?”  
Kyan shook his head and clutched at his sword, “I do not know, but I do not think I like the answer.”

As the thoughts of Kaya and Ithril turned towards sleep that evening, Kyan said quietly, “I am afraid we must be off again.”  
Kaya gasped, “tonight?”  
Bayard nodded, “duty calls at the strangest hours.”  
Kaya crossed her arms and confronted her brother, “I do not like this!  You never sleep!  You are abroad at all hours.  You only eat when ceremonially necessary.  You seem to know and do things for no rational reason.”  
Kyan grinned, “like marrying you off to a complete stranger?”  
She blushed, “well, that perhaps was a good decision.”  She sighed sadly, “your pallor has not improved in the least and those wounds on your neck must not be healing else you would not hide them.  You must take care of yourself or you will never heal.”  
He drew her close into a firm hug and said gently, “you need not worry about my health dear heart.  I need worry about illness and death no longer.  My habits may seem strange to your thinking, but they are not harmful.  Lenard will remain to look after you, as he always has.”  He eyed the servant firmly and the man nodded in understanding, knowing his master’s words carried a meaning they never had before.  They made their farewells and he and Bayard rode off into the night, parting ways when the path divided at the foot of the mountain.

The sun rose and Kyan found himself again in the familiar woods of his homeland.  He smiled at how quickly time and space seemed to shift around him when there was need.  He recognized the wildlands where his horse stood, tossing his head and snorting, for there came a scent that troubled him deeply.  Kyan dismounted and left the nervous animal, knowing a terrified horse was not what he needed at this particular moment.  He was on the far side of his late father’s land where it bordered that held by Tyne’s father.  
In this desolate place the trees thinned, the soil became rocky, and the land climbed towards the north where several ridges of bare rock stood black against the horizon.  It was an untamed country where all manner of wild and uncommon creatures might lurk and outlaws sometimes chose to hide, until they were forced out by the master of the land.  The horse undoubtedly smelled one of the former and there was no sense forcing the beast into a panic.  Kyan climbed towards one of the ridges and suddenly picked up the smell that had terrified the horse: the smoldering scent of dragon.  
He wondered if this creature would be as amiable as the one he met on his previous adventure; he doubted it.  He had just crested the rise when he heard the thunder of hooves and a snarl of defiance.  Flame erupted in the dim light of predawn, there came a reptilian cry of anguish, and then a great thud.  Any other sounds were drowned out by the cacophony of the monster.  Undoubtedly some valiant knight had challenged the monster and perhaps had succeeded.  Kyan half ran, half slid down the slope, covered in loose stones and dirt.  At the bottom, he found a great cleft in the rock wherein the monster had laired.  He remembered his father speaking of this cave years ago when he and Tyne’s father had routed a band of brigands who had taken refuge therein.  
The knight had been successful: the great brute lay dead, only half out of the cave.  A woman’s quiet weeping told him the reason the man had challenged the beast.  He found the girl and her rescuer near the head of the creature.  A young peasant woman knelt beside the prone knight, weeping as one bereft of hope.  His armor was blackened and the metal twisted and melted in strange patterns over his left arm, chest, and head.  It seemed the dragon had had his revenge.  The woman started at Kyan’s approach, but calmed to see another knight come to her rescue.  
“He saved me,” sobbed the girl, “but…”  
Kyan smiled sadly, “any knight’s dream is to die so valiantly.  You will find a horse at the top of the ridge, take him and return to your family, they will be desperate to know what has come of you.  I will see to your savior.”  With a last sob, she thanked him and vanished up the hill.  
Once she was gone, Kyan knelt beside the toasty knight and began to remove those parts of his armor that had not been soldered permanently together.  The results were not pretty.  It made his own pallor and minor wounds look healthful by comparison.  The man would have to remain in full armor with the faceplate always down or wear a cloak with a deep hood and ever have it up.  Both of which would excite comment.  As he worked, the hideously burned man suddenly roused to life.  He stared up at the pallid stranger stooping over him, shook his head, and then held out his good arm that Kyan might help him stand.  The man quickly surveyed the carnage that was himself and smiled grimly, if it could be called a smile, “I am not much to look at, am I?”  
Kyan shook his head, “if you ever had a chance with the ladies, you can forget about it now.  Though we aren’t allowed to marry anyway so I suppose it is of little consequence.”  
The man nodded, “I met a little old man as I was riding to the rescue of that shepherdess.  He gave me some good advice and also said that I would have the chance to enter His service today, I did not know this was what he meant!”  
Kyan slapped him on the back, “it was not what I had anticipated at first either, and I still know little of what He intends, but you will not regret it in the least.”  
They shared a smile and then approached the warhorse that stood patiently by; he snorted at the strange smell about his master, but such was his training that very little fazed him, unlike Kyan’s silly horse.  The man dug around in his saddlebags but found nothing with which to cover himself.  He sighed, “I will have to ride home and find some spare armor else I will never be able to ride abroad.”
Kyan asked, “how far do you live from here?”  
The knight shrugged, “about a day’s ride; we can be there by dark.”  
Things suddenly became quite clear to Kyan, “you are Tyne’s younger brother.”  
The boy grinned or tried to, “now I recognize you, you are my brother’s first missing squire.  You have definitely found yourself a better Master.”  He continued grimly, “what are you doing here?  My brother is even now riding out seeking revenge.”  
Kyan sighed, “he has already wrought havoc amongst those dearest to me but came away with quite a shock himself.”  Kyan grinned, “he has discovered you can’t kill a man who’s already dead.”  
As Kipril mounted his horse, he asked his companion, “what came of the maiden?”  
Kyan smiled, “I told her to take my horse and return to her family.  She shed many a tear in your honor and her gratitude will be unending I think.  What did your father think of you riding out on such an errand?  Tyne would not have deigned to undertake it.”  
Kipril shrugged, “he figures we may do as we please since we have been knighted.  What of your brother?  I hear things are not well with your family since the death of your father.”  Kyan nodded, pulled himself up behind Kipril, and told the full tale as they rode.  Kipril shuddered, “I would have preferred a dragon any day!”  
Kyan smiled grimly, “I would not have faced such a terror had my sister’s life not depended upon it.  At least the creature is gone and will terrorize no one else.”  
Kipril asked as they rode along, “what use can it be to bear such scars?  I will not render much aid to anyone if they are terrified by my appearance or suspicious of my strange attire worn in an attempt to hide it.”
Kyan shook his head, “the day will soon come when we will learn all that this strange service entails, but until then we must be patient and do as we know we must.  There is certainly purpose in all of this though we cannot yet see or understand it.”  
The burned knight laughed, “once I would never have been content with that answer but now I seem to know it in my bones that I need not worry, only trust and all will be accomplished as it should.”  
It was pitch dark outside when they finally reached Kipril’s home, and he was quite grateful for the concealment it offered.  Most of the occupants of the old castle were already long abed.  Only the watchmen and a few servants were abroad on midnight errands.  Kipril drew up the hood of his cloak and hoped no one would look too deep within its shadow.  The guards recognized his voice and horse and let him pass unchallenged.  They dismounted and he asked the stableman for two fresh horses and ordered the page that had come running to go and fetch certain pieces of armor that he might replace those that had been damaged.  They quickly obeyed, not daring to ask questions but simply doing as they were bidden.  When all was ready, Kipril ordered everyone out of the courtyard until he was fully suited up in the fresh armor.  
He was just preparing to mount his horse and go when his father stormed into the empty courtyard; Kyan was already mounted and only awaiting his friend.  The man glowered at Kyan, and then demanded of his son, “what are you doing?  How went your quest this morning?  Should you not be eating a good meal and having a hot bath and then going to bed?  What are you doing with this rogue?”
Kipril said quietly, “I succeeded in slaying the dragon and rescuing the maiden father, but now duty calls me elsewhere.  My companion is far less a rogue than Tyne might lead you to believe, especially when he returns raving about ghosts and the like.  He has become a murderer and a villain and is not worthy to bear the title of Knight.”  
“Do as you wish then,” said his father sternly, “but as for Tyne, leave me to form my own opinions of his actions.  Fare you well.”  He turned slowly and returned to the keep.  Kipril mounted his horse, sighed deeply, and turned towards the gate, riding slowly off into the night.  He felt his old life slipping away yet what this new world held for him, he could not yet even imagine.  Tyne was far from comforted or happy when he discovered that his brother had vanished and with whom.

It was on the third day of their journey that they witnessed a tragic sight from afar.  They were riding through a pleasant wood and had just come round a bend in the road, when before them stood a host of ragged and villainous men at the base of a great oak, in their midst stood a boy and a young man, both obviously in distress.  The pair drew their swords and urged their horses to the gallop.  There was little they could do to harm the bandits, but the brigands did not know that.  The sight of two knights charging with drawn swords was too much for the band and they fled into the woods.  The boy had vanished in the chaos but the young man hung by a noose from a branch of the ancient tree.  He kicked weakly once or twice but by the time they reached him, it was too late.  Kipril shook his head in disgust, this was no way for a knight or any man to die.  Kyan cut the rope and the man fell heavily to the ground, his face purple and his neck bent at an odd angle.  
“No!” cried the boy, as he broke cover and dashed out into the road, “They said to leave him hanging there or they’d lynch me the same!”  
“Who are they?” asked Kyan, sheathing his sword.  
“The bandits,” sighed the boy, “they said we could join them or they would kill us.  My master refused but I did not want to die.  They made me put the noose around his neck myself and said if I even thought about cutting him down they would do the same to me!”  
Kipril said in abhorrence, “you would string up your own master to save your life?”  
The boy shrugged, “most people would have done the same.”  He frowned and then sneered, “who are you to judge me anyway?  It is not like you have ever had to make such a choice.”  The pair of knights exchanged a significant look but made no answer.
The bandits, having regained their courage as this dialogue was taking place, crept out of the shrubbery and surrounded the boy and his companions with a motley collection of sharp and pointy objects.  The knights did not seem in the least disturbed, Kyan even had the audacity to dismount and cut the rope from the neck of the dead man.  The boy was almost as pale as Kyan in his terror.
“Well boy?” asked Kyan, as he cut the rope, “This is your chance.  Will you join them?”  
The boy shivered, “I would if it saved my life.  Besides, I begin to take a great dislike to you thinking yourselves better than me.  I begin to sympathize with them in their socially awkward position.”  
“Socially awkward position?” laughed Kipril, “He’s quite creative at least.  Come gentlemen, you had best be moving along.  If anyone is in a socially awkward position, I would say that we are.  We have nothing you want and you certainly will not wish to try forcing your will upon us.”  The bandits stared at him in incomprehension, so he did something to resolve the issue that they could all understand: he lifted the faceplate of his helmet.  The boy had been hoping for a glorious slaughter of his would-be judges but instead he found a stampede of terrified bandits on his hands.  He then glimpsed what it was that had so frightened them and found himself following quickly in their wake.  
Kipril closed his visor and grinned, “you are right, I have no chance whatsoever with the ladies.”  
A groan drew their attention back to their dead companion, who was resuming some semblance of viability.  His face was still a ghastly shade of purple and he held his head at an odd angle, but his eyes no longer bulged and held life once more.  Kyan helped him to his feet and asked, “may I?”  
The man shrugged and Kyan forced his head to a better angle with a dreadful crack, but once his neck was realigned he had a much easier time of moving his head.  “Thank you,” said he, “I hope you can tell me what it is I have gotten myself into?”  Kyan grinned and Kipril shrugged.  They found his horse still waiting patiently behind the great tree; he climbed aback the animal, and upon their suggestion donned his cloak with the hood up.  
He glanced at his armor clad companion and inquired why he was so eager to hide his own face.  Kipril laughed, “I caught the brunt of a dragon’s fire with my head.  Not something I would recommend doing, by the way.”  Ian shuddered as they turned their horses towards home.  

Bayard returned a day after Kyan’s party and brought with him two others who had also met a violent end in the wide world shortly after speaking with a certain bent old man.  Their disfigurements were much easier to hide than those of Kipril and Ian, but all had obviously been through something violent.  Kaya was not quite sure what to make of her peculiar guests, but they seemed decent enough fellows that she did not complain too much, except when two of them insisted on going about with hood or helm indoors.  Said she the night Kyan returned, “why must they go about so mysteriously?  What have they to hide?”  
Kyan smiled, “they bear scars dear sister and wish not to discomfit you by their appearance.”  She shook her head and did not seem completely convinced by her brother’s assurances.  
The night of Bayard’s return, Kyan asked Lenard to join them in a small room in the depths of the castle.  He nodded and followed his late master eagerly, for he had many questions and felt the time had come for answers.  Kyan and the servant were the last to arrive and they locked the door behind them.  They took their seats in the long forgotten room as they waited in anticipation, for they felt something momentous was about to be unveiled.  The newcomers, who had not heard the tale, eyed Lenard with some curiosity, as they had not thought him like unto themselves, whatever it was they were.  When the two latecomers were seated, there remained one empty chair but none wondered Who was to fill it.
The curious old man was suddenly among them with an amused smile upon His face, “at last you shall have answers, though some of you have been long in waiting.”  There was an excited murmur as He continued, “you have all come here at My behest and because you have agreed to this calling, though you knew little enough what that calling entailed.  You have each passed the doors of death, but have lingered in the mortal world because I have asked it of you.  You can no longer be a part of this world, but you can yet be of some service to those that dwell within it.  I ask that your swords and your wits be at My service whenever and wherever I might have need of them, for powers dark and vile are gathering; war is coming and you will be My vanguard, ready to meet it that mortals might live on unaware of the terror that lurks all about them.  To this do I call you.  What is your answer?”  
As He finished speaking, each man had risen from his place, drawn his sword, and knelt with head bowed over the hilt as he planted the tip in the ground.  The odd looking little man suddenly became too bright to look upon, a mortal man beholding such a spectacle could not have lived to tell what it was he had seen, such was His brilliance.  They had always somehow known this strange, bent figure was more than they had ever supposed and now they knew it to their very souls.  Broken and ruined flesh was suddenly renewed, nay became something altogether different, for it was nothing of this mortal earth in which their spirits were clad.  But as the light waned, only seven rather plain looking men and one old man remained.  He smiled at them with a light of eagerness in His fathomless eyes and suddenly they were somewhere else.  
The cliff rose high overhead and the castle perched atop it like some alien bird.  They were in a deep valley through which a mighty river had once flowed, but now there was nothing but dust and stones and the skeletons of ancient trees.  About them lay the innumerable bones of horses, the once faithful mounts of those come to challenge the great menace that once lurked in the castle above, but whose overwrought sensibilities drove them madly over the edge of the cliff to perish in the valley below.  The conquest over the beast had healed all the surrounding countryside of his curse save this dismal valley, but at last its time had come.  With a word unspoken, the roar of many waters was suddenly heard and a flood washed over the valley and all within.  When the deluge had receded to a meandering river, the Knights and their Master looked about in joy and wonder.  Green were the trees and the sloping banks of the stream, and bright were the eyes of the many horses that now stood in the vale.  
“So are you horsed,” said He with a deep smile before suddenly vanishing.  Each man walked among the throng and approached the horse that most suited him, mounted the eager beast, and together they vanished from sight. 

“We are home,” said Lenard in some surprise to Kyan, as they rode slowly up the hill towards the castle that had been their home, what seemed ages ago.  
Kyan said grimly, “and we are not the only visitors.  Tyne is here and he has brought a vile sorceress with him.  He will try to become a creature like unto the monster that used to occupy the castle we currently call home.”  
Lenard shuddered, “who would wish such a thing upon himself or the world?”  
Kyan shook his head, “some seek power at any cost to themselves and all others.  Come!”  
At his words, their mounts increased their pace and they soon found themselves in the courtyard of the castle, but no one was around to challenge or greet them.  All had hidden themselves in utter terror at the advent of Tyne and his dark mistress in the keep.  They left their horses in the courtyard and flew to the castle’s deepest level wherein their quarry lurked.  The door was barred from within, but this was no hindrance to men outside of Time.  Without a qualm, they rushed through the closed door and knew they were just in time.  Marlin had backed against the far wall while a beautiful but terrifying woman held a dagger poised over his heart.  A hideous creature that must once have been Tyne, but which was now unrecognizable as a man, watched in anticipation as the witch prepared to complete the spell that would bring him power beyond mortal comprehension.  All that was needed was the lifeblood of an enemy and the ritual would be complete.  
The knife plunged not into the heart of Marlin but into that of his brother, who flung himself between the sorceress and her victim.  The hag screamed in fury as the knife melted in her hand, Tyne clutched at his own heart and fell over with an agonized groan, Kyan fell senseless at the witch’s feet, and Lenard and Marlin exchanged an astonished look.  The sorceress scowled, took hold of Kyan’s leg, and vanished, leaving Lenard and Marlin alone with Tyne’s hideous mortal remains.  They said not a word, but fled from the room and barred the door behind them.  Not until they reached the more habitable parts of the castle did they stop to speak.  
“What has happened!” gasped the overwrought Marlin, “Where have you, my brother, and sister been?  What was that creature and what did they want with me?  What has happened to Kyan and that scary woman?”  
Lenard let out a long breath and told the story from the beginning, at least those parts he was allowed to tell.  Marlin just stared at him dumbfounded, “and now what will come of the boy’s impulsiveness?”  
Lenard shook his head, “that I know not, it will take one stronger than you or I to rescue him from the clutches of that witch.”  He mounted his horse and took up the reins of Kyan’s, then turned and said, “but I go to find out.”  He and the horses vanished, leaving Marlin alone to scratch his head and wonder at all he had just heard.  Could the old stories be true?  He sighed heavily and retreated to the library, in search of answers.
Lenard found himself in a land of grey sky and stone, wherein nothing had ever lived or grown.  A great hole, seemingly made of night itself, gaped before him with gates of stone lying open on either side of the hopeless maw.  The stunning though scary woman stood beside it in all her awful beauty and eyed the stranger with scorn and then frowned, “you are not one of the dead.  What business have you in my land?”  Lenard shivered, for he knew that this was Lady Death herself, the Keeper of the Gates of Death.  Her eyes narrowed and then she smiled wickedly, “ah, you have come for your friend.  Little good it will do you.  For his temerity, he is doomed to sleep until Death and Time shall cease.”  
Lenard then saw Kyan’s unmoving form sprawled carelessly off to one side.  Sensing his perplexity, the Lady continued, “my predecessor dabbled in the darker forms of magic and produced a knife capable of imbuing immortality, though the ritual required was ghastly to endure and costly to perform.  He it was that produced the Master of Bones, a brilliant success yet it cost him this post.  The knife came into my possession and little did I ever think of using it lest I be likewise dismissed, until I met that desperate young man who wanted nothing but power and revenge.  I could not pass up the chance of mastering such powerful magic when the opportunity presented itself.  So it was, I tried my hand at it as well and would have succeeded splendidly if not for your interference.  Your friend managed to destroy the knife, ruin my spell, and condemn himself to eternal sleep.”  
Lenard stuttered, “is there no way to wake him?”
She laughed scornfully, “no created creature can pay that price.  Your friend is lost.”  
“Yet it can be paid,” said the Voice that makes the oceans tremble.  
Lenard was suddenly on his knees with head bowed, the witch trembled but a smirk of triumph graced her lips, as she said, “and would You pay it?  For so miserable a creature?”  
“Not just for him, but for all of erring humanity,” said the bent old man.  
She nearly scolded, “well it is about time!  Have you any idea how aggravating it is that You spare Your pets and deny me my due?  They must pay for their sins and death is the price!  What right have you to declare them innocent and spare them eternal darkness?”  
The old man looked far older and said with a voice more ancient than the earth, “the price must be paid and I shall pay it, for all that have gone before and all yet to come, thereby may any who choose to follow Me thus be declared free of all guilt, for I have borne it willingly on their behalf.”  With drooping shoulders, He approached the Gates of Death and vanished therein.  The stone doors swung closed with a great crash and Lenard collapsed into a heap, sobbing as one bereft of hope.  For Hope had been swallowed up by Death.  Lady Death cackled in delight and danced merrily in a circle, thinking herself triumphant over Him who wrought the stars and hoping to ascend to the now vacant throne, but a great shadow fell upon them all and her dancing abruptly ceased as she fell to her knees and trembled in terror.  For a worse evil had come to witness this dreadful day.
“At last,” echoed a vile voice on the wind, “the world and all creation are mine!  What a fool to think he could atone for the wrongs of mankind.  He has left the world helpless before me, what he hoped to save, that shall I utterly lay waste.”  But the dreadful voice trailed off in a wail of agony, as if the speaker had been mortally struck, for of a certainty it had.  The stone gates suddenly split asunder with a brilliant light and drove the shadow away while Lady Death wailed in anguish that it could not be so.  
There He stood, radiant as the dawn with the gates of Death lying broken on either side of Him.  Lenard rose to his knees with joy and wonder shining on his face; Kyan sat up and looked about in astonishment.  Came the Voice that had named the stars, “for your meddling in forbidden things, Lady Death, you may choose to enter the realm you once ruled and forever be lost to the Dark or you may enter the mortal world and hope to find redemption.”  She squawked like an enraged hen, but her words were never heard as she vanished from that place, never to return, save perhaps on the day of her own demise, should she come to it unrepentant.  Kyan and Lenard rose to their feet, suddenly realizing themselves alone in that place, for their Master too had vanished.  They shared a wondering look, but did not linger long, for the lands of death are not a place one wishes to long abide.  They mounted their horses and left the broken doors to themselves.

They returned to the castle and were busy about their various tasks, the days passing quickly by.  Ithril still rode abroad almost daily, but Kaya was rarely found out of bed, for she was heavy with child and even the least venture abroad was a strain to her.  Word was spreading far and wide of what had happened here and how it had become a place of hope and new beginnings.  Those who had lost sons, brothers, fathers, or husbands to the hideous former occupant now came seeking that which their slain kin had left behind.  Armor, swords, treasure, all were given back to the families of the former owners, but even with the return of so much, there was still too much to count, for the Minions had plundered far and wide for many long years and the original owner of the castle had amassed quite a fortune in happier days.  But the trove would be put to good use reestablishing the Kingdom that had perished when the Beast had come; it was a good and green land, and if ruled justly, could be a haven for the poor, the lost, the outcast, and the destitute, a land of hope and joy.  
Ithril was a content and happy man, he had found a good wife and a noble purpose and the prospect of fatherhood filled his heart to overflowing.  He found the comings and goings of the other occupants of the castle a bit odd, but he quickly grew accustomed to it and soon forgot the otherworldly nature of his brother-in-law and his various companions.  Upon one of his many surveying excursions, he came across a strikingly beautiful woman weeping deep in the woods a few miles from the castle.  Her clothes were tattered rags and all hope had vanished from her eyes.  At his approach, she looked up in dismay and then returned to her weeping, as if she knew here was no help at all.  His heart pitied this desolate creature and he called to her softly.  She looked pathetically up again but all effort seemed beyond her ability, save tears.  
He approached slowly, speaking words of encouragement and comfort with each step.  He knelt beside her and she flung herself into his outstretched arms.  He lifted her gently and returned to his horse, somehow managing to get them both into the saddle though she was nearly senseless with grief all the while.  He turned the horse towards home and she wept disconsolately on his shoulder.  He drew rein in the courtyard and as he was dismounting, Kyan approached curiously to see if he might be of aid.  Lenard also came running, sensing some great need in the courtyard.  Both Knights stopped in their tracks and gasped, for they recognized the sobbing woman and a chill ran down their spines.
The woman, sensing some change in her circumstances, looked up and gasped in awe, it could not be!  Her gaze fell upon Kyan and Lenard and a vicious light entered her eyes.  Perhaps here was a chance for mischief indeed!  Ithril looked at Kyan’s startled expression and frowned, “give me a hand with the lady please, or we shall both fall when I attempt to dismount.”  Kyan shook himself and hastened to aid Ithril, but he shuddered to think what the advent of this woman in this place might mean.  Once everyone was safely on the ground, Ithril continued, “I found this fair maid alone, sobbing in the wood.  Tell me lady, what is your grievous tale and how might we aid you in your plight?”  
She smiled meekly at him, which thrilled him to his very toes, as she began in a gracious voice, “I have been cast out into the cold, lonely world my lord and now have nowhere to go and none to call kith or kin.  Perhaps you would be so kind as to provide me food and shelter until I can make my own way in the world?”  
Kyan’s heart was moved at her plight, for he knew how much she had lost, but still he did not trust her.  Said he, “Lenard, please see that the lady is made comfortable.  I must speak to Lord Ithril at once.”  
Lenard’s eyes widened but he bowed and made to escort the Lady deeper into the castle but she cast such a pleading look at the abashed Lord that he said, “fear not lady, they shall see to your comfort and soon I shall see what can be done about your plight.”  She gave him a tremulous smile and allowed herself to be led away by the flummoxed servant.
Ithril looked questioningly to Kyan, who motioned for the man to follow him to a small private room that they might speak alone.  Ithril exhaled in wonder once the door was shut behind him, “is she not a vision?  I wish there was more to be done for her than to give her food and shelter like some lost dog.  I would gladly ride to war for such as she!”  
Kyan said grimly, “aye, we must provide for such a maiden in distress, but do not let her charms bewitch you, my lord.  Keep your wits about you when in her presence for she is cunning above all else.”  Ithril frowned in anger and instinctively clutched at his sword hilt, as if his friend had impugned the lady’s honor and he would challenge the villain to a duel for his temerity.  Kyan said in surprise, “has she so ensnared you already that you would challenge me for some perceived slight?  This woman is no helpless maid, but a witch and treacherous as the adder.  She tried to murder my brother and dabbles in the forbidden arts!  See that she is fed and clothed, but do not allow her to corrupt and destroy all that you have built here.  Remember the vows you have made to our Master and also to my sister; forget not your unborn child!”  
Ithril shook his head, as if suddenly confused.  What had come over him?  Of course the woman would be taken care of but not allowed to influence him for the worse.  He said apologetically, “I know not what has come over me.  It will be as you say.  Forgive my rashness.”  
Kyan slapped him on the back and laughed, “certainly, I remember what havoc a pretty woman, especially one in distress, can cause in a young man’s mind.  But remember, the adder also is lovely to behold but her venom is deadly.”
The woman had taken the name Leslie for herself, and despite Kyan’s warnings to Ithril, he could not seem to stay away from her nor drive her from the castle as he would a poisonous snake.  She fluttered her eyelashes and sighed whenever Ithril was around, but to Kyan and his cohorts, she taunted and smiled cruelly when they found her alone.  Her fall had not humbled her in the least, and only made her more desperate for the things she had lost.  The Knights watched the drama unfold with growing alarm, knowing that something must be done ere tragedy resulted.  
Kaya, unaware of all that was passing in the outer world, began to ask why Ithril so seldom came to see her of late.  Kyan could not tell her the reason, but promised to ask him to come when next they met.  But Ithril had no time for anyone but Leslie.  She had bewitched him, body and soul.  He remembered not that he was lord of this castle, forgot his duties, neglected his wife, and lived only for Leslie’s smiles.  Kyan tried to intervene, but Ithril would not hear him and the woman scorned him.  There was nothing any of them could do if Ithril would not listen, for the woman was mortal and they had no power over her.  
Finally the day of Kaya’s travail came.  Lenard went to Ithril and broke the news, but he irritably waved the man off and continued to sit with Leslie as his wife struggled valiantly and alone.  Kyan waited impatiently in the adjoining room, for the midwife would allow no man but the father in the room and he would not come.  Finally a baby wailed, the midwife emerged holding the squalling newborn, but a grim look was upon her face, said she, “the mother will not last long I think.  You had best say your farewells.”  
Kyan started in surprise but hastened into the room.  Kaya was pale but triumphant, whispered she, “a boy!  So tired…where is Ithril?  Won’t he be pleased…”  She trailed off, shut her eyes as in sleep, but never opened them more.  
Kyan sighed heavily, turned to the stony midwife, who had seen many a birth and the joy and tragedy attendant thereunto, said he, “what can be done for the child?”  
She shrugged, as if a child losing its mother were an everyday matter of no account, and said, “I know a woman who lost her husband six months ago.  She had a baby five days ago, a weak, sickly thing; it died yesterday.  It was all she had left in the world.”  
Kyan nodded sadly, “perhaps she would be willing to raise the poor little soul.  Will you fetch her for me if I can arrange transport?”  The woman shrugged and Kyan dashed off to find Lenard.
The servant was aghast at what had come of his lady, but eagerly fetched his horse and Kyan’s and met the midwife in the courtyard.  She thought she had a full day’s ride ahead of her but was quite astonished to arrive at the grieving woman’s house in a heartbeat.  Meanwhile, Kyan went to find Ithril.  He found them on one of the upper balconies that offered a splendid view of the valleys and river below.  
Leslie smiled contemptuously upon his arrival, Ithril only seemed mildly irritated at being disturbed and said, “can a man not have a little privacy?  What is it now?”  
Kyan shook his head, “you have a healthy son, but your wife is dead.”  
Ithril seemed for a moment stunned but then a sudden sense of relief and enthusiasm filled his heart, at last he could realize his dreams.  “Very well,” said he, eager to begin his new life, “find some person or other to look after the boy, I need not be troubled with him nor should poor Leslie after all she has endured.  You had best take your sister home and see that the funeral and mourning takes place there, for we shall want a wedding as soon as possible here.  It would be a pity to delay for such trifles.”  
Had Kyan been a mortal man, he might have done something regrettable, but he was still far from pleased with the heartlessness of this once honorable man.  Said he grimly, “sir, you forget your vows.  My sister is dead so you are no longer bound to her, but you have still bound yourself to our Master and promised to obey certain precepts while acting as Lord of this castle.  You may remain faithful to those precepts and continue as master of the castle or you can marry your lady and leave, but you cannot have both.”
Ithril snorted, “and just who is going to stop me from doing as I please?  You?”  
Kyan shook his head, “I could do nothing to stop you, had you a will to do it, but it is a foolish thing to attempt.”  
Ithril sneered, “and why is my lady not good enough to manage this castle at my side?”  
Kyan said grimly, “she is a traitor and a heathen, and no fit match for one of the Master’s servants.  She must repent, else you must forsake the Master or her.”  
“I will do neither,” said he staunchly, “I will marry her this very minute and remain lord of this castle!  I dare you to stop me!” 
 Kyan said in horror, “do not be a fool!  I cannot stop you, but if you defy your oath, it cannot end well.”  
Ithril snarled, “I will do as I wish and I wish to be Lord and Husband both.  Now go!”  Kyan sighed but suddenly vanished from their sight, he was still there, just not perceptible to mortal eyes.  Ithril offered the lady his arm and said, “what do you recommend my dear?  How are we best to be wed?”  
She said charmingly, “I know someone who can perform the ceremony, shall I summon him?”  
Ithril brightened, “by all means darling.”  She smiled eagerly, spoke a few fell words, and a creature immediately appeared before her.  It might once have been a man, but it looked and smelled more a half-decayed corpse.  Ithril took a step back from the creature and turned to his lady in disgust, “how can he avail us?”  
She smiled demurely, “he can do the honors and then I can send him away.  If we don’t let him do it, it will be days or weeks until we can find an officiate.”
Ithril shuddered and tried not to breath through his nose, as he said, “very well, I wish to delay this no longer.”  
Said she, “what of the warnings of your friend?”  
He scoffed, “please, do not call him my friend any longer.  I see now what he and all his ilk are, mere slaves.  I will not be lumped in with them nor will I deny myself what I want and deserve for a few supposed precepts.  I will take my chances.  Let the Master do his worst.”  Tears came to Kyan’s eyes as he heard this proclamation, but he could do nothing to change it.  
The witch said, “then let us be about it my love.”  The animated corpse performed the ceremony, though Ithril understood little as the creature tended to mumble most of the time and Leslie had to remind him of his lines the rest of it.  After the strange little wedding, she sent the creature away and turned to her beloved, “well?”  
He turned to her in eagerness and said, “let us go down and tell everyone that you are the new lady of the castle!”  She took his arm and they descended together, though he did not mention the growing pain in his chest to his lady as they went down.  Kyan followed after.  They reached the courtyard and word was quickly spread throughout the castle that everyone was to attend the Lord, for he had an important announcement to make.  By now, Ithril looked quite grey and was breathing rather hard, his bride smiled on, seemingly unaware.  Everyone gathered and the man tried to speak, but seemed out of breath and clutched at his chest with his free hand.  He never got the words out for his grand announcement, for he tumbled forward and moved no more.  
Kyan, now visible to all, knelt beside the prone man, feeling for a pulse.  He shook his head gravely and turned to the witch, “you are now a widow.”  
She cackled in delight, “I figured as much, but it was worth a try.  And now I have had my revenge on you and yours, boy!  I will be leaving of course, but I will take my ‘husband’ with me.”  
She said a few more fell words and the unmoving Ithril suddenly began to jerk and twitch, as if a puppet moved by strings.  She walked boldly out of the castle and the dead man rose and followed, albeit far from gracefully.  The entire company turned stricken eyes to Kyan, wondering what had happened.  He told the tragic tale and finished with, “there will have to be a new Lord and Lady found.”  
His words were cut short as Lenard returned with the midwife and a grief-stricken woman.  The baby was brought forward as the ladies dismounted and the widow burst into tears of joy and grief.  Said she, “certainly I shall care for the poor little soul, but what is to come of us?  I have naught left to me.”  
Kyan said gently, “the lad is orphan indeed, but you shall both have a home here for as long as you wish.”  She smiled gratefully and Lenard led the lady and her charge deeper into their new home.

  Kyan, Lenard, and Kipril would bear Kaya home and break the news to Marlin.  They arrived to find the castle in uproar, but it was a joyous affair, for Marlin was finally getting married.  Not wishing to ruin the festivities, the three decided to enter through the little used lower portions of the castle.  They left the horses to their own devices and bore their sad burden to her final resting place.  Kyan laid her gently on a table in the family tombs and kissed her lightly on the forehead.  Lenard sighed sadly and all three turned to leave, when someone demanded, “who dares disturb the rest of the dead?”  The three exchanged an ironic smile and found a small, bent man with wispy grey hair holding a lantern aloft and studying the three intently.  He recognized Kyan and Lenard and said in surprise, “forgive me, sir, but I had heard dreadful rumors.  Of course you may come and go as you please, but what brings you to such a dismal place?”  
His eyes fell upon Kaya and he gasped, “I am so sorry sir.  I will see that she is properly attended to.  Does Lord Marlin know?”  
Kyan shook his head, “I had intended to tell him at once but it seems there is some great festivity going on above.”  
The servant nodded, “his Lordship is getting married at last, to a lady from the neighboring realm.”  
Kyan looked to Kipril, “your sister?”  
Kipril nodded, “father had long hoped for the match, but he wanted Tyne and I married first.  It seems he has despaired of both of us.”
They left Kaya in the care of the servant and ascended into the castle proper.  Lenard said rather less than regretfully, “I had best be getting back to my duties.”  
Kyan snorted, “you have no wish to face my brother.”  
Lenard smiled, “that too.”  He bowed to them both and vanished.  
The remaining pair exchanged a grin and opened the door leading out into the main halls of the castle.  They could have walked through it, but there might have been someone around to notice something so untoward.  It seemed the ceremony was over and they were halfway through the banquet when Kipril and Kyan were both recognized.  They hoped their drab clothes did not look too out of place and were quite pleased to discover that they were both dressed for the occasion.  Kipril’s father and Marlin were both in high spirits, and eagerly welcomed the pair into the celebration, though very curious to know what had been happening during their long absence.  
Kyan said quietly to his brother, “we need to talk privately but do not disrupt the festivities to do so.”  
Marlin nodded and said exuberantly for all to hear, “in light of the present joyous circumstances, I am glad to welcome my brother home!”  There was much excited comment on this as the rift between the brothers had caused much angst in the castle.  
Kipril’s father drew him aside and quietly asked, “where have you been and do you ever plan on coming home?”  
Kipril said, “it is a long story father and one we must discuss in private.”  The man did not seem pleased but was satisfied to wait until later.
As the banquet wound down and preparations were made for the ball that would follow, there was finally a chance for them to speak privately.  The four withdrew to a small dining room off the main hall.  Kyan spoke first, sensible of the two pairs of curious eyes that watched his every move, said he, “Kaya is dead.  We brought her back for burial, that is why we have briefly returned.”  
Marlin was quite astonished, “I thought you had managed to save her from the clutches of that vile creature?  Or so Lenard imparted, and now she is dead?”  
Kyan sighed deeply, “she survived the monster only to die in childbirth.  Her son survived but her husband too has perished.”  
Marlin looked grim, “these are certainly unhappy tidings.  What is to come of the child?”  
Kyan said, “he is in the care of a woman who has lost both husband and son in quick succession.  He will be well looked after and perhaps one day, King.”  
Said Kipril’s father, “what of my sons?  Kipril, it is high time you came home.  Have you any idea what has come of Tyne?”  
Kyan and Marlin exchanged a horrified look but Kipril went ahead boldly, “sir, I would come home if I could, but alas my duty now lies elsewhere.  Tyne has perished and I too am lost to you.  Your daughter alone remains of all your children.”  
The man frowned and spitted Kyan with a cold stare, “I have heard strange rumors about you boy, and now you wish to involve my son in your fool quest?”  
Kyan grinned, “nay sir, it is he who agreed to this strange occupation, as I also have done, but it was none of my doing to involve him in it.”
Kipril’s father frowned, “I had heard this fool had gone off to challenge the beast that used to terrify the land for many miles around, but I have also heard rumors of an unnamed knight, slain while rescuing a shepherdess from a dragon, yet all the knights of my acquaintance are accounted for, save Kipril.”  
Kipril bowed deeply to his father, “so it is sir, so it is.  But death is not the end for anyone, merely a new road we all must take.  Ours was one we had never anticipated.  Seek the Master, sir, and you shall have nothing to fear, even in death.”  
Both suddenly vanished after this last statement, leaving the remaining pair to exchange a wondering look.  Marlin spoke long that night with his father-in-law of all the things he had found in the library and the man wondered all the more, as their guests danced unwittingly above.

Kyan and Lenard held a council the next day, for though Lenard could manage the castle quite well as far as most matters were concerned, it would not do as more and more people flocked to the quickening Kingdom in search of a new beginning.  It would be many years before the child was old enough to rule in his father’s stead, yet a mortal lord must be found because the Knights were not overly concerned with such mundane mortal affairs, as their Kingdom was not of this world.  But their Master, as in all else, soon provided an answer.  
A lad came riding boldly up to the castle gates that very afternoon, in quest of his missing brother’s armor and sword, if such were to be found.  Said he to Lenard as he dismounted, “we have heard that the creature that once dwelt here has been cast down and that those who have been bereft of kin might yet claim that which once was owned by their late relation.  My brother possessed an ancient and splendid suit of armor and a sword of great name.  I have lately been knighted and would claim them for my own.”  
Lenard nodded and led the boy deep into the bowels of the castle and asked for a description of that which he sought.  There came no answer, for the boy was spellbound by the treasures heaped all about them, dazzled by the sparkle of reflected torchlight.  Lenard repeated his question and the boy reddened, before describing what it was he sought.  Lenard nodded and vanished after the items.
The boy stood awkwardly about, waiting for the man to return.  He glanced about, taking in all that glimmered and sparkled in the torchlight.  He smiled in amusement when his eyes fell upon what he took to be a stuffed magpie perched upon a heavily laden table.  What was such a strange artifact doing amongst such a trove?  “Ah,” said the creature, “but I am no artifact.  Indeed!  What would one do with such treasure?”  
The boy stepped back in surprise as the bird spoke but leaned forward again in curiosity, “what indeed!  Imagine what good could come of such wealth if one used it wisely!  Alas, there are few who would use it as they ought but would only horde it and grow bitter and suspicious with greed and fear for the safety of their riches.”  
“Could you be such a master?” came the quizzical reply of the bird.  
Said the boy thoughtfully, “it would be difficult but I think I could manage it faithfully.”  
“Ware!” warned the bird, “For the last who endeavored upon such a mission perished when he sought his own ends rather than upholding that which he had sworn.”  
The boy shivered but said, “what more can be expected of frail and treacherous man?”  
“I expect much,” said the bird, “but also supply grace enough for My servants to accomplish that which I ask of them.”  
Said the boy thoughtfully, “then perhaps there would be hope for such a one.”  
The Magpie squawked in amusement, “are you willing then?”  
The boy stared in astonishment at the bird, “me?  If you think it possible then I am willing to try, but I am of no import and have little experience in such matters.”  
The bird nodded, “I need only a willing and humble heart, the rest I shall supply.  Kneel!”  
The boy did not feel foolish in the least, genuflecting before such a creature, for he knew Him to be more than He appeared.  Lenard was quite astonished to meet the castle’s new Lord upon his return with the items in question.  Said he to the newly minted Lord, “I shall show you around and introduce you to the others, milord.  You shall see stranger things yet if you are intent on remaining long in this place.”  
Bryant could only grin in anticipation.  In addition to Lenard and his comrades, a growing number of servants, scholars, adventurers, and younger sons began to call the castle home.  Always had the pantry been miraculously full, but now as the castle became self-sufficient, the stores appeared in a more usual fashion.  Refugees and pioneers began to appear from less joyous lands and the beginnings of a Kingdom were being laid down in the form of new villages and farms.  The young Lord surveyed all with joyful interest and marveled that he might have the chance to guide these eager beginnings into something truly grand!  He was introduced to the infant lord of the place and his adopted mother and was instantly taken with them both.  He was not yet married but he knew his father intended a political alliance for him.  He bid the lady and her charge adieu and walked aside with Lenard, wishing to speak alone.
Sensing the youth’s disquiet thoughts, Lenard wished Kyan were there.  As if summoned, the Knight suddenly appeared.  Kyan bowed politely to the new Lord and said without ado, “there is some conflict that troubles your heart?”  
The boy nodded, “my father wishes to make an advantageous political alliance and I fear the woman he intends for me to marry will not meet with our Master’s approval in being Lady of this land.”  
Kyan smiled, “I see your predicament, but I think your father would rather have you a great lord of your own domain rather than son-in-law of a minor prince.  I will accompany you to your father.”  
The boy brightened, wished his new acquaintances farewell, and rode off with Kyan to seek his father’s blessing or forgiveness: whichever might prove necessary.  It was a merry journey, for the weather held pleasant and their hearts were buoyant with joy and youth.  They arrived some days later at the crumbling castle of Bryant’s lord father.  He welcomed his triumphant son and nameless friend home and after the requisite celebratory feast, they withdrew to the library to talk.  “Father,” said the boy at once, “I know what it is you wish for my future, but I have discovered another path I wish to pursue.  I wish to marry, but not for political convenience.”  
The man was quite taken aback, for he had the youth’s life all planned out, but said as patiently as he could, “what is it then you wish to gain my approval of?”  The boy quickly laid out his situation and the old man nodded thoughtfully.  After, he said, “I do not see why we cannot make the two realms one and I will have the rule of them both until my death, then you can do as you wish.”  
The boy was aghast, “nay my lord, it cannot be so.  I must do as I have spoken yet I would have your blessing if I may?”  
The old lord stood and thundered, “of course you will not have my blessing, you disgraceful and disobedient child!  Do as it pleases you but as of this moment, my son is dead.”  He turned his back in a cold fury and would say no more.  
Bryant’s heart ached, for he loved his father dearly but he loved his Master more.  He nodded sadly and silently left the room and his father’s domain.  Some weeks later, the old lord repented of his harshness but still felt he must have his part in his son’s doings so sent word to the father of the woman he intended the boy to wed.  An escort was swiftly assembled and the girl left in pursuit of her fiancé with due pomp.  The old man gathered his retinue and likewise set forth for the renowned castle to celebrate his son’s nuptials, though the boy had no idea what his father intended.
The sudden arrival of so many grand and unexpected visitors suddenly sent the residents of the castle into a flurry of activity trying to prepare all that must be done to accommodate such guests.  Bryant was quite at a loss to understand what was happening until his delighted father arrived and broke the news of the wedding that was soon to take place.  To make matters worse, Marlin and his new lady wife had arrived on a visit of state.  Lenard was delighted with the challenge of making everyone comfortable and seeing that everything was accomplished with the dignity his guests deserved.  It was a good thing he could go indefinitely without sleep!
The lady in question was a haughty, beautiful creature, the only child of her father and a full ten years older than her affianced lord.  After ten minutes in the room with her, Bryant was certain he could never wed such a creature, which outraged both his father and the lady’s entire retinue, including her aged father.  Marlin was quite amused by the whole affair and was, for once, glad he was not at the center of such an ordeal.  The thwarted father-in-law declared war on the unfeeling Bryant and his own father threatened to disown him again, but the boy was firm and hoped he wasn’t plunging the natal kingdom into unfathomable disaster and chaos.  But such was not to be, for the lady in question soon met a worthy young man among the many adventurers that now frequented the legendary castle and thus was her father’s wrath soon cooled.  Bryant’s father was forced to admit that perhaps it was acceptable if his son had a Kingdom of his own and allowed the boy to quietly marry the widow a fortnight later, taking Kaya’s orphaned son for his own.  Thus were things settled rather happily for all involved.

The years passed, the boy grew, and a number of younger siblings were added to the family.  The Kingdom flourished with the influx of exuberant pioneers and was soon one of the most prosperous countries on the continent.  The young prince, Tabor by name, was almost everything the stories say a Knight and Prince must be.  He loved his family, his country, and his Master above all.  He was brave, wise, kindhearted, honest, and true but he was not what one would call handsome, and for this some doubted his virtue and right to the unoccupied throne, for Bryant merely reigned as Steward until the young heir was ready to rule.  But if one is not handsome one certainly cannot be a prince, or so the stories said.
So it was that the young man set off in search of he knew not what, he only knew he could no longer remain at home and cause more scandal for his family.  Time and again his adopted parents had told him he need not listen to common gossip, but he could never rid himself of the feeling that he was some sort of outcast, taken in out of charity and that his handsome younger brother was certainly the better and rightful heir to the throne.  So, with these disquiet thoughts in his heart, he rode out one bright morning a’questing, hoping to find whatever it was he truly sought out in the wide world.  
He had not ridden far out of the town that had sprung up around the old castle in the intervening years, when his uncle came riding up alongside him.  “Where are you off to lad?” came Kyan’s concerned query.  
The boy sighed resignedly, “I cannot remain here any longer with such dreadful rumors spread about.  I go to seek whatever it is that will bring peace to the troubled folk that spread such gossip.”  
Kyan asked, “what is this?  Gossip is sadly as old as the earth and will endure as long as mortal tongues.”  
The boy nodded sadly, “I know, I know, my parents have kindly told me that time and again, but I MUST go.  Something drives me from the complacency of this place into the wild unknown and perhaps I shall return to kinder rumors.”
Kyan pulled his horse up short, knowing in his own heart the boy must go.  He smiled sadly and said, “may the Master ride with you!”  
The boy smiled eagerly, raised a hand in farewell, and rode out of sight.  It was not mere rumor and youthful unease that sent the lad on his quest, the hand of Providence was surely the driving force behind such a seemingly pointless venture.  His father was grim and his mother wept, but they too seemed to know that whatever fit had seized the boy, it was for greater purpose than they could comprehend and thus must leave things in the capable hands of Providence.  So the boy rode off, wondering what life held for him and trusting somehow that the Master would accomplish whatever He would in his young life.  Of course he knew the stories surrounding his birth, the overthrow of the nameless beast that had once ruled the castle, and the coming of his adopted parents to the burgeoning realm, but his life had been a relatively normal one for all of that.  
He hardly believed the tales involving his uncle, for the man, when he was in the castle, seemed as unremarkable as any other.  The Knights, who had once been very nearly the sole residents of the old castle, were now very nearly forgotten, save by Lord Bryant and a few others of similar age and rank.  They still lurked about the place when they were not busy elsewhere but were easily overlooked amongst all the other goings on.  But their presence was no less important, for the Enemy had unleashed a new breed of slave, intent on destroying the mortal world and any who dared find joy in living there.  These undead minions, creatures who had once been men but had bartered their souls for powers strange and terrible, could only be overcome by those who were themselves beyond the reach of death.  But wherever these terrible men were wont to frequent, so too did the Knights ride forth to put an end to their schemes.  
But Tabor was unaware of all of this as he rode out one bright morning, wondering what would be his destiny.  But the minions of evil were not unaware of the vulnerable young prince, alone in the wilderness.  The castle and its surrounding countryside were too well warded for any evil thing to venture thither, but out in the wilds the boy must live or fall by his own strength and wisdom alone.  And it was for such a testing that he was driven forth into the wilderness: to prove that he had the strength of heart to reign in his father’s stead.  He was three days’ ride from the edge of civilized territory and well beyond the regions he knew well.  These were not the sunny, semi-open woods or ancient glades he was wont to wander in from his childhood; these were not friendly trees and the denizens of the shadows did not welcome him as a brother.  Finally it dawned upon the lad that perhaps he had ventured into something bigger than he could manage.  
A chill ran up his spine but he made his way deeper into the close and stagnant wood and felt unfriendly eyes watching from the shadows.  His horse whinnied nervously but no reassuring word or pat could quiet his uneasy mount.  Suddenly the beast screamed, reared, and vanished back the way they had come.  Tabor, deposited unceremoniously on the ground by his frantic beast, wondered what it was that had frightened the poor creature and what it would do to find a mortal man in its midst.  He heard nothing, but an imminent sense of dread and fear suddenly clutched his heart.  
He shivered and hugged the ground in terror, for the awful creature loomed over him and looked down with scornful eyes upon such a pitiful trespasser.  The boy dared not look up, for the lurid light from the creature might strike him blind.  It could be nothing but a unicorn that stood over him, a dreadful and unfriendly creature, surely hostile to the race of men.  There were certainly benevolent members of the race, just as there were friendly dragons, but they did not dwell in a wood such as this or radiate wrath towards unwary trespassers.  The creature stared down in disgust at the infidel who had violated its sanctuary, only blood would cleanse the taint from the desecrated retreat.  
The creature reared, ready to plunge its great horn into the boy’s heart, but paused in thought.  There were legends, grim and dreadful tales of what came of such acts.  There was certainly something to be gained but was it worth the price?  The creature screamed his defiance to old stories and hearsay and pierced the boy through.  There was an agonized scream and then silence again reigned in the dell.  The unicorn shook his horn free of the boy’s still form and once more screamed his defiance to myth and legend.  He took up the boy’s tunic in his teeth and dragged the slain youth to the edge of the swift flowing river that ran nearby, flinging the corpse in that it not defile his beloved forest any longer.  He reared and pawed on the edge of the river as his victim was borne away, daring fate to do its worst.
The river bore him far away and left him alone on a quiet stretch of sand at a bend in the river’s winding course.  Neither was he left alone to enter death’s cold embrace, for waiting there was one who could give him life, at least of a sort, but some might rather call it a living death.  For the boy was not dead though very close to it, even upon the very brink, but where there was life there was despair, at least as this vile servant of evil saw it.  He ungently nudged the boy awake.
Tabor stared up in horror at the creature towering over him and fervently wished for the friendly, cold darkness to embrace him once more.  But he could not yet sleep, for the creature would not allow it.  The fiend stared down at the wretch and said, “do you truly wish for death?  I can give you life unending!  Bend knee to my master and you need not die.”  The wicked creature thought the dying boy was weeping but soon discovered him to be laughing, if weakly and perhaps near madness, but enough of cognizance remained to him to see the hopelessness in the creature’s offer.  What had he to fear in death?  Whatever this hideous thing could offer him, it was nothing to what awaited behind the thin veil of death.  The monster snarled under its breath and stalked off, pouring every curse and imprecation it knew upon the stubborn wretch.  Let the fool die as it seemed to please him!  
The undead creature had hardly vacated the sandbar when another being paid visit to the quickly failing boy.  He would not yet be allowed to die in peace.  The mist draped itself about the boy as the creature approached and a cool light, as of the full moon, surrounded the two creatures, who seemed suddenly alone in all the universe.  It was a unicorn, much like the beast that had inflicted the deadly wound upon this hapless child of men, but of a far kinder disposition.  He looked down with unspeakable pity on the stricken mortal and shook his great head in disgust, wondering how one of his own kinsmen could inflict such a wound on so inoffensive a creature.  There was something he could do, something that would cost him dearly, but it would save the poor creature’s life and perhaps redress some of the great wrong imposed upon this innocuous being.
He blew out his nostrils in agitation, wondering if there was no other way.  The creature groaned weakly, as if preparing for his final plunge into the abyss of death, and the unicorn knew that it must be now or never.  So it was that that great immortal heart gave up immortality to impart life to the failing mortal boy.  The unicorn groaned, as if in agony, as he touched his horn to the stricken youth; the boy’s pained gasping took on the normal and easy breathing of one sound asleep.  It was done.  The unicorn felt suddenly old and very tired and knew that he must one day die, which was a fate he had never before had to consider.
The boy’s eyes fluttered open and he stared up in astonishment into the eyes of his savior.  He could not speak but the benevolent creature understood and knew his sacrifice had been worth it.  That beautiful moment, when one soul looks deeply into and knows another as it is now known, was suddenly interrupted by vile and unanticipated laughter as the undead tempter returned to gloat, “what have you done!  Given up immortality to save this creature’s miserable life?  Hah!  How heroic, bah!  Now I will ask you both, will you serve my master or need I make an end of you?”  
The unicorn reared and screamed, a great light blazed forth and for a moment blinded their adversary, but he was no longer able to defeat such a foe, mortal that he was.  The minion of evil laughed the ridiculous creature to scorn and drew his grim sword, eyeing the boy with a mocking voice, “and is your answer still the same?”  
The boy did not laugh but weakly gained his feet, refusing to die without some effort in his own defense, no matter how futile.  “Run!” gasped the unicorn as the fiend approached.  
The boy shook his head, “I will not leave you to die alone!”  
“Fools!” scoffed the creature as it struck.  Blood, silver and red, mingled on the silent sand, the mist crept away as the monster retreated into the night, leaving only the silent moon to look on.
But the moon was not to see what next transpired on that rather busy spit of sand for another mist arose, this one woven of varicolored threads of purple and deepest blue in which danced a million laughing stars.  The Master spoke and His words were Life.  The dead roused and waited joyously for His next utterance, whatever it might be, it was the sweetest music either would ever hear.  They could depart into eternity or they could return to the cold mortal sphere, for there were things there that needed doing, but their lives would be inextricably intertwined and mortals they would remain until they felt again the biting sting of death and passed forever beyond it.  They shared a quizzical look, each knowing the thoughts of the other, and as one they agreed to that which was needful rather than to what was most enticing.  Their Master’s smile was reward enough.
The mist dissipated and they were left alone on the bar with the river singing to itself in its ageless voice and the silent moon watching overhead.  The unicorn still glowed slightly, and even mortal and covered in gore, he was a striking creature.  The boy, suddenly a man, and such a man as is only found in old legends and is often said to be fathered by rogue gods, stared at the magnificent creature in wonder, not yet realizing the changes wrought in himself.
The creature snorted his amusement and said, “if we are to spend the rest of our natural lives in close companionship, let us not begin with such awe and fear, which belongs to our Master alone.  I am called Arin.”  
Tabor’s sense of wonder was suddenly overridden by his sense of humor and a deep smile graced his lips as he bowed formally and said, “and I am Tabor.”  
The unicorn laughed and the night seemed to echo his mirth, “to think that we each would die for the other and did not even know the other’s name.”  
A slight frown crossed Tabor’s brow as he said, “what does it mean that our fates are now intertwined?”  
Arin said quietly, “as our blood mingled so too shall our restored futures.  When one of us dies, so shall the other.  The Master spoke of some great deed that was yet to be done and we must attempt it together.”  
Tabor said thoughtfully, “I suppose this means that I must return home and become King.”  
The unicorn snorted, “at least our destiny won’t be hard to find!  But why do you sound so distressed if that is your duty and right?”  
The man shrugged and then replied, “I rode out uneasy about my birthright, terrified that I would share my dead father’s failure.”  
The unicorn pawed the air in high spirits, “it seems you have passed through temptation and death and have our Master’s blessing in that which is to come; I would not fear any future failure on your part.”  He swished his tail in amusement, “besides, now you have me to keep you humble!”
A smile grew slowly on Tabor’s lips as he contemplated what the dear creature had said and knew that he had been tried and found true.  Never again would he doubt what he knew to be right, regardless of human frailty or boundless rumors.  He turned to the unicorn with a fully resolved heart and said, “we had best wash away the horrors of this night and start on the quest that is set us.”  
The unicorn said sadly, “first we must see that your murderer faces justice.”  
Tabor frowned, “but we have no power over such creatures as that!”  
Arin shook his head, “nay, not that undead minion but the unicorn that dared spill innocent blood.  Such is not allowed among my kind and he must pay for his deeds.”  
Tabor shivered, not wishing to confront the creature again but he knew that it must be so.  But first, they plunged into the river and washed the night’s mischief from their persons.  Once clean, the unicorn stared at the young prince and seemed to be waiting for him to do something.  Tabor said in confusion, “what are you wanting me to do?”  
The unicorn snorted in amusement, “you cannot walk nor will you survive a second encounter with our nemesis afoot.  You must ride.”  
The boy stared as if the creature was mad but he seemed quite adamant, so he quickly climbed aback the wondrous beast and the world spun around them.  The unicorn seemed quite pleased with the boy’s astonishment at his wondrous speed, but his amusement faded quickly into grim reality as their quarry suddenly confronted them.  His outrage was great indeed, not only to find a man again trespassing in his domain, but to see this same man aback one of his kinsmen, as if the creature were nothing but a lowly horse.  Arin did all of the talking, as the fell beast would not deign to listen to a man.  Said he, “I have come to offer you a choice.”  
Snorted the murderous creature, “a choice?”  
“Justice,” said Arin, “must be satisfied.  You must seek the Master’s forgiveness and redemption thereby or suffer the consequences of your murderous actions.”  
The other unicorn scoffed, “how could it be murder to kill such a pathetic creature?  How is it you have become naught but a beast of burden to a wretched mortal?”  
Arin shook his head, “they are made in the Master’s image, as much as we, and therefore deserve as much respect and consideration as any created being possessed of a soul.  Never mind my choice of companion, what of your choice?”  
The wicked creature laughed, “it is no choice at all.  Let the consequences commence, if you have the nerve or power to inflict them!”  
“I am simply the messenger,” said Arin sadly, “it is the Master who will see that justice is done.”  He turned away and walked slowly off into the shadows while the other laughed him to scorn.  But his laughter died away with an indignant squawk.

Arin suddenly betook himself away from that guilty sod and not until the world had settled itself into a leafy glade, did Tabor dare to ask, “what will come of him?”  
Arin shook his head sadly and said, “he will lose his immortality for his crime, but worse, he shall no longer be a unicorn.  For such cannot be guilty of innocent blood.  He will become a creature of lesser race, a sapient horse perhaps?  It has happened so rarely that only mere legend remains and that is foggy at best.  But come, let us speak of happier things.  What of you and yours?”  
Tabor happily changed the subject and told his full tale up until the tragic night of their meeting.  The unicorn trotted along briskly and replied, “now I understand the full import of our mission!  This will be a grand adventure indeed and glad am I to have returned for it.”  Tabor shook his head, not fully understanding the creature’s excitement but unicorns are far wiser in lore than ever man was wont to be.  As they rode along, Arin expounded upon all the prophecies and predictions associated with a certain castle upon a now legendary peak and Tabor finally began to understand why the creature was so eager to attend to this quest.  It was already the stuff of legend and he could not wait to see what might unfold next.
They emerged from the wood and the mountain rose before them; it seemed the entire Kingdom had turned out for their return.  The road was lined with well-wishers, who cheered and threw flowers as they passed.  In later years, none ever remembered that the King was clad in rags when first he entered his Kingdom, for such was their joy and the aura about man and beast that none remembered his garments.  They ascended to the castle, whose courts were thronged with celebrants and the battlements strewn with flowers and many colored banners.  The Steward and his Lady rose as they entered, bowed deeply to their adopted son, and then gracefully stepped aside as he dismounted.  Kyan stepped forth, a splendid crown in his hands, and Tabor knelt before him, swearing to faithfully follow and serve the Master and lead His people all of his days.  The crown was placed upon his head, he stood, turned to face his subjects, and then the celebration began.  Greetings and congratulations filled the courtyard and Tabor was soon carried away in the frenzy.
The now forgotten Knight silently approached the unicorn, also momentarily overlooked in the excitement.  The creature said quietly, “you are no mortal man.”  
Kyan smiled and said, “and you are a mortal creature.”  
They shared an amused smile and each told their secrets.  Tabor finally broke away from the joyous throng and returned to his friend.  He smiled wonderingly at Kyan, who said, “you have had quite the adventure.”  He smiled wistfully, “it surely tops my own and you are much welcome to it!  May the Master bless your reign!”

The celebration went on for days and only one unhappy soul remained in all the Kingdom, and he was quite forgotten and resentful of all the merriment.  The Steward’s eldest biological child, Garar, did not share in his adopted brother’s joy nor that of all the Kingdom.  Who was this orphan that now claimed to be King?  Was it not his right by birth?  Why should his parents have to step aside that this child, not their own, might take their place?  It was not right!  He sat in a lonely high tower and watched the merriment below, fuming and fretting over what was not to be.  Finally, he could stand it no longer and stormed down to the stables.  
If his so-called brother could find such a destiny in the wilds, why couldn’t he?  While all the other occupants of the realm were feasting and dancing, he was alone in the stables saddling his charger and donning his father’s long abandoned armor.  He would show them all!  Once ready, he galloped out of the castle, determined to prove his worth to the world.  Once well out of town, he checked his mount to a more reasonable pace and only then did he hear hooves behind him.  He turned round and groaned, for here was one sent to lecture him on his rashness!
He halted and awaited the inevitable scolding but Kyan did not lecture nor scold, but said with great concern, “whither are you going lad?”  
Garar shrugged, “I am all but bereft of my birthright so now I ride off to find my destiny, as my so-called brother has done, much to his gain and my loss.”  
Kyan shook his head, “this is not wise.  It was need that drove your brother out, but it is jealousy and rage that drive you, such can only end in disaster.  You have not lost your place.  Your father is still Steward and you his eldest son.”  
The boy laughed hollowly, “yet I shall never be King!”  
Kyan said quietly, “you were never intended for such a fate, but that does not mean you do not have something you were meant to accomplish.”  
“Intended indeed!” scoffed Garar, “You speak as if the world were an unfolding story but I deny that there is any purpose, Author, or plan.  One must grasp fate by the horns and force his will upon it!  Man is but dust and this life is all we can hope to have.  Farewell!”  He cruelly spurred his horse and vanished down the road.  Kyan sighed heavily but knew he could do nothing to avert the boy’s chosen fate.  
Rage, disappointment, and jealously burned hot within the young man as he climbed into the treeless wastes of the high country where only eagles found easy passage.  In this desolate and empty land, he felt he must certainly find the stuff of legend.  Or rather it found him.  A great shriek rent the air, his horse screamed, and he knew no more.  He came slowly to himself, and blinked in horror, for the hungry eyes of a griffin met his waking gaze.  Had he his lance and a steady mount, he might have bested this terrible foe, but alas the horse was fled and his weapons were out of reach or vanished with the horse.  He lay as a lamb before the wolf and the wolf was intent on its prey.  The armor slowed the beast’s claws and vicious beak, but it would not be stopped until its hunger had been sated.  Or until it was interrupted by something more evil than itself.  It squawked in indignation and terror and quickly abandoned its prey, sensing something dreadful in the approaching presence.  
The witch smiled in satisfaction as the griffin fled, proud that she could yet scare one of the world’s most terrifying predators; she had not lost her touch.  She said a few choice words and the ragged breathing of the mangled knight became even and normal, at least until she released the spell that warded off imminent death.  She stood over him and they studied one another for a few moments.  She smiled slowly and knelt beside the astonished Garar, saying, “you want power and you want to live?”  
He nodded weakly and her smile deepened, “I can give you both, but you must be willing to do exactly as I say.”  He nodded and she continued, “you are mortally wounded but I can fend off death if you are willing to do as I say; thereby can you also escape death permanently and gain the power you need to triumph over your upstart brother.  Interested?”  He nodded vigorously.  She smiled cruelly and told him what must be done.  She helped him to his feet, called back his antsy horse, got him into the saddle, and yelled after, “you have one week!”
He nodded and kicked the horse to a gallop and hurried back the way he had come.  His heart was uneasy at this strange bargain but it was everything he sought and more, and certainly his only chance at life, wasn’t it?  His father was the one who had willingly stepped aside and given away his rightful place to an incompetent adopted son, besides, he would do anything to save the life of his own true son.  It must be so.  He kicked the horse, though the beast could not run any faster, and dared think no more upon the matter.
It was in the dead of night, as it always is in such stories, that the boy finally reached the castle.  He left the spent animal in the courtyard and went to seek out his father.  The rest of the castle was abed recovering from their mirth, but the aging Steward paced the corridors in the depths of the castle, unable to rest with his son missing.  He looked up in astonishment as the errant boy entered but his joy turned to terror as he saw the look in the boy’s eyes.  “We must speak alone,” said the boy by way of explanation.  
The man nodded in resignation and they withdrew to a small room where no one might accidentally stumble into their midst.  The man did not ask but allowed the boy to say what he would; he could sense that something dreadful had befallen the lad and that he was in desperate trouble.  Now it was the boy’s turn to pace.  He stalked up and down the room and with his frantic eyes and his bloody, torn clothing, he looked a fiend in the fitful light of the single torch in its sconce on the wall.  
The boy ranted and fretted over the injustice of the world, his father, fate, and the price that must be paid by each if things were to be made right.  The boy told of his disappointment, his rage, his bitterness, and of his foolish flight into the wilderness and the disaster that had befallen him there and of the offer the witch had made him.  His father gazed in astonishment, could this truly be his own son?  This fiend bent on patricide for his own salvation?  He had a nagging suspicion of who this witch might be and shuddered to think that she might again wreak havoc on the inhabitants of this strange castle.  Finally he spoke, “if this is what you think you want, so be it!”  He knelt, tore open his ornate tunic, and bared his chest to his brooding offspring.  
The boy stared in horror, could he truly have thought himself capable of such a deed?  The hag had demanded he bring his father’s heart to her within a week’s time or he would succumb to his wounds.  Garar’s shoulders slumped in despair, tears of horror sprang into his eyes, and he flung himself into his relieved father’s embrace, sobbing out his misery.  “Come,” said the now ancient man, “I will go with you and we shall treat with this hag together.”  They ghosted silently down to the stables where Kyan was waiting for them.  The boy could not meet the Knight’s sad eyes but the Steward brightened to see his old friend.  Not a word was spoken as they mounted the saddled horses and rode out into the grey light of predawn.  
The witch was waiting for them, Kyan knew her as the aging Leslie and she smiled insolently upon recognizing him.  A dreadful creature stood at her side, one of the undead minions of evil.  Kyan’s hand strayed towards his sword hilt and the woman’s cruel smile deepened.  They halted, the horses nervous in the presence of the two vile feeling personas before them.  As they dismounted, she sneered at Garar, “I knew you did not have it in you!  And here is your brave papa to save you, but alas!  Nothing will save you now!”  She indulged in some evil cackling and then turned to Kyan, “here to witness another family tragedy and helpless to do anything to prevent it?”  
Kyan said nothing but stared stonily at her.  But she taunted no more, instead she cringed in terror as the creature beside her vanished like a shadow in the sun with a fell scream.  A light that surpassed that of the sun’s radiance consumed them all as they fell to the ground in awe or terror.  A sad but resolved voice said, “Lady Death, your necromancy has continued long enough.  A servant of evil you may remain, but no magic is left to you.  You shall hereafter wander the world a poor and lonely woman, no different from the meanest peasant.  Seek redemption if you will but you will afflict suffering no more upon mortal men.”  She howled as if someone had cut off her arm and then slunk away as a beaten dog.  The Voice then said gently to Bryant, “return to your family and duties and continue on, oh faithful servant.”  The man wept in joy at this salvation unlooked for, arose, and vanished with Kyan swiftly aback one of the strange steeds of the Knights.
Garar was left alone, trembling to the core of his being in the presence of the One he had so recently and vehemently denied.  “Arise child,” came the gentle words like a morning rain in the spring, “you have been foolish but hope is not lost.  You must make a choice.”  The boy looked up and found the normal light of evening about him and a silent Magpie gazing at him curiously from an overhead branch.  Had he imagined it all?  He gasped and collapsed, as he felt the dreadful wounds wrought by the griffin burning anew in his flesh.  He wept, for it had all been terribly real.  Said the Bird, “the witch gave you a week to complete a terrible bargain that could only lead to death and eternal night.  I give you a year and the choice given to every mortal man: to dwell forever in the light or apart from it.”  
The boy gasped, “I will not die?”  
The Bird shook its head, “all men must one day die.  You should have died yesterday in your foolishness but I grant you a year’s reprieve.  You can die a repentant man and live forever or live a year as a fool and forever dwell in the shadow of death.  Such is the choice of all mortal men, save they know not the day of their doom.  Of course, you may come to Me willingly before the year is up and perhaps you will yet find your purpose.”  The sun set and the Bird vanished with it.
The boy shivered and lay down, exhausted in heart and mind and body.  He awoke cold and stiff, but fully restored physically, though quite confused in his heart.  What was he to do?  He glanced about him as he stretched and rose, his belly rumbled loudly for he had eaten nothing in recent memory.  He turned around to survey the land, hoping to at least find a stream to quench his thirst and nearly jumped out of his skin to see Lenard standing there.  “Come sir,” said he, “your father is desperate to see you again.”  The boy nodded wearily and allowed the man to help him aback the patient horse and they immediately found themselves home.  
The Steward embraced him warmly and the boy wept in joy, repenting of all his foolishness.  He told his father all that had passed on the mountain and the man nodded sagely, “well, it is a better chance than many of us get after such foolishness, but it seems you have fallen into the legends that seem to swirl about this old castle like the west wind in winter.  My advice would be to dive in headfirst and see where the current takes you.  You have already seen more wonders than most people see in a lifetime and yet you will not believe?”  
The boy smiled weakly, “it is not that I do not believe, I do not know if I can trust Him.”  
The older man smiled warmly, “lad, if there is anyone in the universe you can trust, it is Him!  Do you know anyone else willing to die for you?”  
The boy’s smile deepened thoughtfully, he embraced his father, and said, “now I feel the need for an adventure, sir.  And I think I shall heed your advice upon the matter.”  The Steward smiled joyfully but the boy had suddenly vanished.  He shook his head, well used to such comings and goings and returned with a lighter heart to his duties.

The boy, quite unused to such happenings, was astonished to find himself in a saddle three days’ ride from home accompanying Kyan on a visit to his brother Marlin.  Kyan did not seem in the least surprised and welcomed the boy warmly.  Kyan continued as if the boy had arrived in a more usual fashion, “I have not seen my brother since your father’s marriage.  His children, if he has any, must be about your age by now.  I was sent to send tidings of the King’s ascension to the throne.”  
The boy said curiously, “and me?”  
Kyan smiled, “perhaps you can rescue a damsel in distress, as is proper for a knight errant.”
The boy grinned, “but I have no armor and have not yet been knighted.”  
Kyan said calmly, “you shall be provided with all that you need when the time comes.”
The boy sighed, but then asked to hear again the stories he had grown up with and Kyan was delighted in the telling thereof, as the boy listened as he had so long ago as a wide-eyed child, when wonder was still found in daily life.  They rode on companionably for the remainder of the journey, Garar listening and Kyan telling many a tale, and by the time they neared Kyan’s old home, the boy had fully made up his mind.  It had not taken a year after all! 
No sooner had his mind been made up than a harried and excited looking page ran up and asked if they had come for the competition.  Kyan did not look surprised in the least, but the boy was flabbergasted, as his companion said, “my master would be delighted to take part.”  The page smiled in satisfaction and hurried them along as the lists would soon close as the competition was about to begin.  
Garar said in astonishment, “what have you just embroiled me in?”
Kyan just smiled and hurried them on towards the competition grounds, where they were soon registered and awaiting the start of the tournament.  It seemed that Kyan had somehow salvaged and repaired his father’s old armor that the griffin had nearly destroyed and no doubt scattered; soon he had the boy looking the part of a true and proper knight, if a bit old-fashioned.  But there were two problems: the boy had not yet been knighted and the winner of the contest was to marry Marlin’s only child and heir, which was not something one should attempt with only a year to live.  Garar tried to protest but Kyan only shook his head and persisted in his assertions that all would be well.  The boy sighed and waited his turn on the field.
He paraded out with the others, listened to the rules, swore to uphold them, and then retreated back to the sidelines as the first round began.  There were many skilled and valiant knights present that day, but there was also a ruthless villain clad all in black mail with menace hanging about him like a pall; his mere presence made the most valiant shudder and all dreaded to be the first to face this terrible warrior.  He gazed upon the lady with vicious eyes that glinted like coals beneath his helm and all felt his wicked smile though none could see it.  Garar knew that whatever the cost, this creature must not be allowed to win the hand of so fair a flower which would soon wither in his indelicate care.  But he sighed, knowing he would be disqualified the moment they discovered he had not yet been knighted.  Suddenly, the world seemed to pause and a mist wrapped itself about the boy, isolating him from all humanity.  
He glanced about desperately for Kyan but knew himself alone.  Alone that is, save for a hunched old man with incredible eyes.  Before he knew what had happened, the boy found himself Knighted by He who wrought the Universe, all within and beyond.  The mist faded from before his eyes and he found a page asking if he were a true and proper knight and if he would please take his place on the field.  The boy nodded as one in a dream and found himself in his saddle, facing off against that dreadful black knight.  He shivered but lowered his visor and set his lance in place.  The trumpet rang and they charged.  His lance splintered when it glanced against his foe’s chest, knocking the grim knight from his saddle but not harming him in the least, whereas Garar found himself pierced through.  The groan of the crowd was the last thing he heard as he fell from his horse and plunged into darkness.
Kyan, clad as a squire, dashed up, sword in hand, for the unhorsed knights must face one another with the sword if the victor was to be declared.  The page chased after the foolish squire as the black knight looked on in great mirth.  The fool would never rise again, let alone be able to challenge anyone with a sword.  Kyan pulled the lance from the chest of the downed Knight and shook the boy awake.  The crowd, page, and black knight all stared in astonishment as Garar sat up and reached for the sword proffered by Kyan.  They exchanged a knowing smile as the boy stood and faced off with the villainous brute, who shook off his astonishment and set himself for the final confrontation.  The vile knight howled in rage as the youth struck a mortal blow and fell to dust, leaving no trace he had ever been.  
Garar then collapsed and a jubilant throng carried him from the field.  The Lord Marlin paid the fallen youth a great honor in deigning to leave his place and ask after his fate; such was the horror that the dread knight had inspired and the relief incited by his defeat.  The glad but sorrowing crowd parted to let the Lord and his lady daughter pass; she wept upon hearing that the youth had passed from the realm of the living, for she had secretly hoped this bold hero might be triumphant over all that day.  Marlin did not recognize his brother in the silent squire but did his best to express his thanks and condolences.  All returned to their places and the competition resumed, while Kyan and a borrowed page hoisted the stricken Knight onto a spare horse which bore our hero silently away.
Once well away from the crowds and spectacle, Garar roused from his faint, sat up in his saddle, and exchanged a curious smile with Kyan.  He glanced down at the gaping hole in his side and shook his head, “I never expected to best that vile knight.”  
Kyan shook his head, “no mortal man could.”  
Garar smiled, “I think I have finally had my adventure.”  
Kyan laughed, “nay lad, it is only just beginning.”  They shared an eager grin and then vanished, horses and all.
Lenard met them in the courtyard of the castle and quickly cast a tabard over the boy’s shoulders to conceal his wound from casual sight and hastened him into the depths of the castle.  The Steward glanced out of an upper story window and saw their sudden appearance; he immediately ran down to meet them but found only Kyan awaiting him there.  “The boy?” gasped he.  Kyan smiled deeply and the Steward sighed in relief.  Not long after, the boy and Lenard reappeared, the former fully healed.  He glanced curiously at his comrades, wondering how much he could tell his father but looking in the man’s eyes, the boy knew that he knew and was satisfied and proud beyond words.  They exchanged a smile and needed no explanation.

The King was vaguely aware that his younger brother was absent from the festivities that seemed to swirl about him in the days following his coronation, but so busy were his thoughts and waking moments that he did not realize the significance of his missing sibling until some days after things had settled down to a more usual routine when he finally heard the tale, or at least as much of it as mortal men were wont to know.  They had always been jovial companions, at least until Garar was old enough and foolish enough to fret about his future inheritance or lack thereof.  This unilateral jealousy of the younger of the elder caused a slow, festering rift to form in their relationship and unbeknownst to Tabor, had added greatly to his concerns over his fitness to one day rule the burgeoning country and thus had he been driven into the wilderness and found true.  
So too had his brother come changed but finally faithful through trial unimaginable himself.  The two finally met upon a quiet balcony overlooking the fretful river beneath a star strewn sky.  They were no longer mere boys, but men who found mutual understanding in their sworn duty and in their tryst with death.  The doubt, fear, jealousy, and bitterness were forgotten and fully now could their friendship and brotherly affection bloom, and much would they need it in the ensuing years, for hard pressed would they be on every side from temptation within and enemies without.  Arin and Garar found themselves responsible for the King’s physical safety while the unicorn also took it upon himself to see that the King did not flounder in matters of the soul and thus perish as had his father.

For several years, the Kingdom flourished and nauseated the servants of the Enemy, for every attempt on their part to ruin the burgeoning King or his Kingdom inevitably failed; it seemed the very hand of the Master was upon it to protect and bless the infuriating realm, but it could not last forever and one day they would have their chance.  
Lenard approached the King one spring morning three years after the coronation and seemed somewhat awkward in his manner, which immediately put Tabor on his guard, for anything that could fluster one of the Knights must be strange tidings indeed.  Finally, he put the poor man out of his misery and asked as brightly as he could, “what is it Lenard?”  
The man took a deep breath (though he had no physiological use for such a habit) and said, “I have been bidden to tell you, Sire that…well, it seems it is high time that you…you should seriously consider…”  
The King smiled knowingly and said, “yes man I know, do not be so awkward with such a subject!  I must marry that the Kingdom might have a rightful heir.”  He sighed, “but where ever am I to find a lady worthy of such a post?”
Lenard smiled in relief, “have you forgotten your history already?  Has not every needful thing or person always appeared when necessary?”  
The King smiled at his own shortsightedness, “quite true, so I must merely wait for the right lady to walk in the front door?”  
Lenard shook his head, “nay Sire, we cannot be lax when we know there is a job to be done.  We must do what we can to accomplish the task set us if there is aught we can do in such a circumstance, which in this case is quite easy.  I shall arrange with the Steward, your father, to host a grand ball and a variety of entertainments in honor of all the interested young maidens throughout this and the neighboring realms, and perhaps among such a horde you might find the lady you seek.”  The King nodded but looked grim.  Lenard asked in surprise, “what troubles you Sire?”  
Tabor smiled slowly, “this means I shall have to refine my dancing skills.  Could we not have a tournament instead?”  Lenard laughed but reminded the King that most young ladies did not joust, at least not in this present age of the world.  The King sighed, “dancing it shall be then.”  He made his way out into one of the gardens where Arin was enjoying the cool of the morning.  The unicorn could sense something troubled or at least puzzled the King and eagerly trotted up to discuss the matter.
“A wife!” said the wondrous creature, “I suppose it is the sensible thing to do, considering how short are the lives of mortal men.  Your whole race would vanish from the earth if you did not take a wife and have children in your first three decades of life.  But among my own kind, it is thought quite rash to even consider such a thing before we have lived five centuries or more.  So how shall you find an acceptable filly?”  
Tabor smiled at the unicorn’s surprise at mortal habits but said, “Lenard thinks we should host a ball.”  
Arin blew out his nostrils, “I cannot dance.  And you certainly cannot think of accepting a lady without my consent.”  
Tabor shivered to remember that night when their blood had mingled on the sand, inextricably linking the fate of one with the other.  The death of one would be the end of them both.  Not only did he have Arin’s interests to consider, but the fate and future of the Kingdom was undoubtedly in the balance.  He turned to the creature, who liked dancing about as much as himself, “and what would you propose?”  The unicorn’s ears perked up and his eyes danced as he explained his plan.  An eager smile grew on Tabor’s face until he remembered that even with this new strategy, there was doubtless some dancing involved, as it was thought to be a requisite part of falling in love in those days.
Plans were made, invitations were sent, expectations and hopes were raised, and the preparations begun.  Every eligible maiden within the Kingdom and beyond it would be there if it were at all within her power.  Those of noble blood were a bit dismayed that the contest for the King’s affections was open to any eligible young lady, but they doubted he would stoop so far as to take a commoner to wife, but it was irksome nonetheless that he dared mingle the common with the elite.  All too quickly for the King and all too slowly for those vying for his affections, the day finally came.  Or rather days, for there would be over a week of feasting, dancing, singing, rides in the countryside and forest, and the like, but the King knew not how to choose from among such a throng, he prayed desperately that Arin’s plan might work.  Two days into the festivities, after he had danced with and been introduced to every girl on the planet, or so it felt, they put the merry throng to the test.  
The ladies were quite excited to actually partake in a unicorn hunt.  Of course the noble creatures would not appear unless they really wanted to, but legend held that they were irresistibly drawn out of their hidden valleys if certain ceremonies and rituals were carried out.  So it was that they rode out in their most colorful and festive garb with every pennant and banner the Kingdom could provide fluttering in the wind.  Musicians accompanied them and those with sweet voices joined them in song.  It was a lovely show, both to the eye and ear, and sure to draw the diffident creatures from their quiet glades, at least so said legend.  The panoply rode out with the dawning, the King in their midst with the merry maids all about him.  The full company of Knights rode out also, knowing that such a foray would prove an irresistible target for servants of the Enemy.  
Garar rode at the King’s side in his usual place of vigilance and the others were spread throughout the company, garbed as liveried servants belonging to nonexistent noble houses, thus no one paid them any heed, for who minded another man’s servant?  And so they were free to ride about as they would.  A rumor had somewhere started that the King would undoubtedly marry the woman who could tame a unicorn, for such must surely be pure of heart.  Thus, there was even more fervor for a successful outcome to the merry endeavor.  They rode uneventfully until the sun stood at its peak, at which time they drew rein beneath the shady boughs of an ancient grove and partook of a lovely lunch brought out for their refreshment from the neighboring villages.  After eating, a rest of two hours was proposed during which the ladies might chat amongst themselves, dose after the exertions of the morning, or listen contentedly to the music and dream of taming their legendary quarry thus winning the King’s favor.  
As the afternoon drew on, the King arose and spoke to the suddenly attentive throng, “we will continue until evening in our pursuit, but perhaps we should break into several parties and thus cover more ground and perhaps improve our chances.”  
There was some nervous murmuring at this, for none wanted to leave the King’s party, but the servants handed out various colored ribbons to each of the ladies and they were soon divided evenly into several much smaller groups.  Finally, the King blindly drew his own ribbon and joined the party to which it corresponded, much to their delight and the distress of all the others, but it was not wise to pout in public if one wished to be Queen, so they were soon mounted and riding off in their various companies.  
After the others had dispersed, the King turned to his chosen companions and said merrily, “let us be off and see what the day shall bring.”  There was an excited murmur and all dashed madly after the King as his horse trotted off deeper into the forest’s heart.  After a half hour of riding, a gasp arose from one of the ladies and then they all shrieked in delight as their quarry was finally spotted.  
The King drew rein but his companions urged their horses to the gallop in pursuit of Arin.  Only Garar and Kyan remained with the King as all his female companions vanished after the unicorn.  Garar smiled in amusement, “and just how is this little extravaganza going to reveal the future Queen?”  
Tabor shook his head, “this is all Arin’s idea.  He has a plan but I do not fully understand it.  Have you seen any sign of the Enemy‘s minions?”  
Kyan shook his head and frowned, “it is too quiet, I do not like it.  But perhaps there is a more subtle plan at work, for they are not moving openly against us.  They may have agents within your horde of consorts.”
The King shuddered, “that is not something I wish to consider, but I think Arin will be able to weed out any suspicious damsels ere long.  He cannot exactly read minds or look into a man’s soul, but he has an uncanny ability to judge a man’s thoughts and intentions, whether they be good or evil.”  He turned his horse, “come, we had best see where the other parties have wandered off to.”  
The others nodded and followed quickly after the King.  Arin led not only the King’s party, but every such group on a merry chase through the woods and soon brought them out into a great field as the first stars were peeping out and there he stood, glowing like the slivered moon overhead.  The ladies had all gathered on the field and none dared approach him and all wondered whither had fled the King.  During the chase, Arin had been able to approach each of the maids and ascertain the intentions of their hearts and knew the selfish from the indifferent from the hostile from the eager.  But one final test remained.  He reared and pawed the air while proclaiming (much to the surprise of all the ladies, for they did not know the creatures could speak), “what is it that has brought such a gathering into my woods?  Have you never heard of trespassing?”
The ladies murmured in confusion and fear, never having dreamed of such an outcome.  Where was the King?  The King then rode boldly into their midst and demanded of the seemingly enraged creature, “what is it you would deem proper recompense for our intrusion into your sacred wood?”  
The creature stomped a foot and snorted in irritation, “get these women gone from here, but one of you must stay to pay the price for your folly lest I fall upon you all in your retreat.”  
There were little gasps of horror from the maids and several fainted dead away.  The King sighed deeply, “can you truly demand such a price?”  
The unicorn tossed his head, “such is the price of your folly.  Who will stay to gain the others safe passage?”  
The King stepped forward, “spare these innocent young creatures, for it was my idea to embark on this mad foray.  I will stay.”  
The girls were horrified into silence though here and there one wept openly in terror or in anticipation of losing her chance at becoming Queen.  The unicorn said disdainfully, “so bold and noble a gesture.  The rest of you be gone, whilst my patience lasts.”  At this, three quarters of the ladies stampeded away, weeping in horror and relief while the rest took a step back in fear, but had not the heart to flee.  The unicorn reared and screamed, “what are the rest of you waiting for?  Go!”  This finally broke the nerve of the rest and they fled after the others, all save one.  The unicorn stared wrathfully at the girl, “what are you waiting for?  Do you wish to share the fate of this foolish King?”  
The girl stood her ground and looked the wrathful creature boldly in the eye, “the King is too valuable a hostage.  Take me in his stead.”  
The wrath emanating from the unicorn suddenly turned to joy, as he turned his beautiful head to the King and said, “would you allow such a trade Sire?”  
The King laughed, “of course not but no such bargain is needed.  What is your name my dear?”  
The girl was for a moment confused, but sudden understanding dawned in her heart and a smile graced her face, proving her wits as quick as her heart was true, she said, “I am called Elenor, Sire.”  
The King offered her his arm, “and it seems you shall soon be Queen my lady, that is if you are willing?”  
This was too much for her courage and finally she blushed and looked at the ground, murmuring, “if you wish it so my Lord.”  
The King laughed, “that is my wish indeed, fair lady, but come!  You need fear nothing, most especially me.  I must treat with your father upon the matter and once his blessing has been secured, then shall we set the day.”  
She had looked up hopefully with joy shining in her eyes as he spoke, but she suddenly dropped her gaze once more at mention of her father, “my father is but a poor farmer Majesty.”  
Tabor barked a laugh, “all the better, but we will not reveal this to the others or anyone else until the end of the festivities lest the balance of the ladies rise in protest at their ill usage.”  She shared a smile with him and then he helped her aback her waiting horse.  
Kyan took the reins of the beast and with a gasp from Elenor, they both vanished, horses and all.  Tabor turned to Garar and Arin, “well?”  
The unicorn shook his head and smiled, “you have my most hearty consent.  She is a fine girl, but what are you going to do with the rest of the herd?”  
Tabor smiled, “we shall continue on in this festal manner as previously planned and then send them all home with a promise of calling on the chosen lady as soon as may be, that way there shall be no jealousy or rioting.”  
Garar smiled, “a most excellent plan, but we had best return to the castle and calm the afflicted masses that this little stunt of yours sent thither in a panic with news of a fate most dire befalling this nation’s beloved King.”  
The King sighed, “I had not thought of that.  Can you get us there before the thundering herd?”  
Garar bowed in his saddle, “you need but ask!”  He took up the King’s reins and the pair vanished from sight.  Arin shifted slightly and vanished with all the speed of his kind, leaving nothing but an old raven alone in the glade, but the bird squawked far too eagerly for any creature of avian ilk.  It suddenly took wing and vanished to find its own masters to report what had come of the day.
The King and Garar arrived quite suddenly back in the courtyard of the castle with the latter saying, “you have about a quarter of an hour before the harried masses return in their terror.  Use it wisely.”  
Lenard immediately appeared, seeming to know what was coming and dashed off to prepare the other occupants of the castle for the pending influx of terrified young ladies.  The King betook himself to a second level balcony overlooking the courtyard that he might be seen yet not be trampled when the fearful throng returned.  And return they did, in pairs and trios they flocked weeping into the courtyard only to be stilled to silence in wonder to see the King greeting them from above.  They stared and then exchanged questioning looks and then stared anew, wondering if it were all a dream.  Elenor and an unremarked servant entered with the returning ladies and clumped together with the rest like so many stymied sheep.  
Finally the last was accounted for and the King spoke, “forgive the scare dear ladies, for all is well.  The unicorn it seems was the victor in our hunt rather than the prey.  It seemed to amuse him greatly to become the possessor of a King of men and then to release him just as easily as he was taken, thus showing him and us all, that we poor mortals are no match for such as he.”  There were many wondering murmurs and then some relieved laughter, and then the entire courtyard erupted in joyous relief and even true mirth at the humbling of them all in their vain hunt for the unicorn wherein they themselves ended as the quarry.  The merriment continued for another few days and then the anxious throng was sent home to await a much anticipated summons, most having enjoyed themselves so much that even when they were not chosen, the joy of the event lived on long after as one of their brightest memories.  
The King’s chosen lady was given no more nor less heed than any of the others during the remainder of the event, but well did she know the reason.  And ever it seemed, was Kyan at her shoulder, warding the girl from any evil that might dare impose itself upon her, though she was fully unaware of his presence for he was not then visible to mortal sight, but certain minions of evil could see him quite well and knew they must first deal with the irritating Knight before they could interfere with the girl.  As she was preparing to leave the morning after all was over, Lenard approached her to make sure he had her name and the location of her home properly recorded, but also secretly handed her a sealed note with the King’s own crest upon it.  He quickly moved on to the next nearest lady and asked the same of her, and so he continued until all had double checked his information as to their names and whereabouts.  Then hopeful but saddened by the end of their brief residence in the castle, the ladies rode or walked out, returning to whatever lives they had left behind.  
The King waved farewell from his balcony and after the last had disappeared, he turned with a deep sigh and said to Garar, “I will need at least a year to recover from this week!”  
The Knight shook his head and said with an amused smile, “you will need to parley with the girl’s father before long.”  
Tabor snorted, “no rest for the weary I suppose, have mercy man!  I have not your unending endurance.  Give me at least a night and a day to rest from my labors.”  
Garar grinned, “that I suppose we can allow.”  
The King smiled wearily, “you have my undying gratitude.”  Lenard suddenly appeared and reported that he had indeed delivered the letter to the Lady Elenor.  The King thanked them both and then retired to his chambers for some much needed rest.

Elenor returned home afoot, but waited for the other travelers upon the road to vanish ahead, behind, or down a turning before opening the letter that dwelt restlessly near her heart.  She withdrew from the path and vanished into the shady woods where she found a moss covered rock upon which to seat herself and peruse the letter.  In an endearing tone, she read of the dangers she might face if she truly wished to pursue this course, the restrictions set upon herself in accepting it, and the instructions to follow if she truly wished to make such a choice.  She reread it, making sure she knew full well the implications thereof and then smiled in anticipation, never seeing the invisible fight between Kyan and some dreadful warrior, both of whom were mortally struck and vanished from the vicinity.  She did hear the approaching footsteps of a stooped old woman who boldly approached the girl in her moment of reverie.  She looked up in surprise and quickly hid the letter as the older woman drew nigh.
The old woman had once been beautiful, stunningly so, but time and life had not been kind to her.  Elenor stood and offered the tired woman a seat on the stone, but she laughed in a hoarse voice and said, “nay lass, I still have a little strength in these tired old bones.  You seem near to bursting with some excitement, you nearly glow with anticipation.  What can it be?”  
The girl almost spoke out in her joy, but suddenly caught herself and said simply, “I am soon to be married.”  
The old woman scoffed, “bah, what joy is there in that?  I was married once, now look at me!  Little enough good it does a woman, it is all for the man’s benefit you know?”  Elenor gave her a confused look but did not reply to this creature who was apparently unable to share in her joy, but the woman laughed like a crow, “rumor has it that the King is searching for a bride, you would not be fool enough to marry him would you?”  The girl gasped in surprise but said nothing.  The woman continued, “any woman would be a fool to aspire to such a position.  Strange things are said about that haunted castle up yonder.  Why it is very nearly death to even set foot in the place.  The King, they say, is no more than a ghost or an animated corpse or some such.  Ghastly business that.  But young hearts will do as it pleases them.”  She cackled loudly and turned to go, for her task had been accomplished, now if only the girl was fool enough to believe her twisted words.
But Elenor knew better than to believe idle rumor, especially having seen the King and lived quite happily in the supposedly haunted castle for over a week.  It was haunted by joy, not by hideous specters.  She turned back towards the road to continue her journey and cherished hopes of reaching home by sunset, but the old woman and a man draped all in black blocked her path.  Said the woman, “so you are not foolish enough to heed my warning girl?  If you value your life, you had best recant your foolish notions or worse shall come of it.”  
The girl drew herself up and said coldly, “I have no intention of revoking my decision, whatever you may threaten or do.”  
Leslie smiled cruelly, “oh we do not merely threaten and you will rue your bold words before all is finished.”  The mage spoke something in a foul tongue and the girl fainted dead away.  Kyan returned to the spot not a moment later but found no trace of Elenor or her enemies.  He vanished back to the castle to inform the King.  
“How do we find her?” gasped the King, as he paced up and down the room in his anxiety over these fell tidings, “Is there no hope of rescue?”  Kyan and Garar exchanged a miserable look while Lenard looked sadly at the floor, but none had the heart to answer.  The King froze and stared at all three, “there must be a way!  I will not allow evil to triumph this day if I can help it!”  He dashed out of the room and raced for the courtyard, wherein Arin met him; the unicorn could feel his friend’s anxiety and knew something terrible had happened.  
Arin shook his head at these grim tidings and said without qualm, “we must find the girl.”  He glanced thoughtfully at the three Knights that had followed the incensed King into the courtyard and continued, “I think that there are mortal as well as undead foes to be dealt with in this matter.  We must each of us ride to the lady’s rescue.”  
Kyan gasped, “is it wise to so endanger the King?”  
A magpie flitted overhead and they heard a whispered, “is it for the King to be safe while others suffer if there is something he can do to alleviate their distress?”  
The King laughed in relief, “can there now be any question?  Do you ride with me?”  
Garar and Kyan stepped forward eagerly while Lenard said doubtfully, “I shall remain here and keep things in order until you return; I am no swordsman.”  They nodded their agreement and immediately set off in the usual manner of Knights and unicorns.
One moment they were in the courtyard, the next they were outside a dismal hut in the depths of a dark and forbidding wood.  Arin shuddered, “these are not friendly trees nor a forest welcoming to such as we.”  He suddenly blazed forth like the moon, “let us teach them their folly.”  
Kyan dismounted and dashed towards the hovel, literally walking through the wall, at least far enough to peek inside yet not so far as to be seen by anyone within.  He swallowed his gasp of revulsion and hastened back to his friends, “there is no time to lose!  It is that dreadful witch again, but this time borrowing the magic of an undead mage.  Come!”  
Arin dashed for the cottage, reared, screamed, and knocked in the barred door while the Knights did not bother with such mortal concerns.  They immediately flung themselves upon the Wraith, who for a moment seemed stunned to be so interrupted, but not so much that he could not overwhelm Kyan with a ball of black fire, whereupon he suddenly vanished, but Garar took advantage of his momentary distraction to strike a mortal blow upon the fiend, banishing him as well.  Leslie screamed in dismay and wrath as her front door was trampled in and nearly blinded by the enraged beauty of the unicorn.  Tabor’s sword made short work of the woman, who had once led his own father down the path of destruction.  Elenor lay insensible on the kitchen table and no amount of calling her name or shaking her would rouse her from her faint.  Arin nosed in and touched his horn to the girl’s cheek, causing her eyes to flutter open.  The terror there suddenly became astonished joy as she looked upon the face of her betrothed lord and rescuer.
Tabor smiled with only the merest hint of a blush and said a bit too formally, “I suppose we must hasten to your father and gain his blessing, that is if you are still willing, my lady?”
She flung her arms about him and he carried her from the hovel, followed by Arin and Garar.  Kyan’s horse still stood without and made no protest to bear the lady anywhere she had a mind to go.  They vanished and reappeared at the door of another humble cottage, this one in the midst of a wide and fertile valley of well tended fields and meadows.  Elenor, now somewhat recovered, dashed into the house to announce their visitors, intentionally failing to mention that the King stood without.  The sound of surprised greeting and hasty preparations was soon heard as the girl reappeared in the doorway and beckoned for her guests to enter.  
A humble meal was soon set before them and the King never remembered a finer meal than that in the farmer’s cottage.  After supper, the as yet unnamed King asked if he might speak alone with the girl’s father.  The old man nodded, lit his pipe, leaned back in his chair, and nearly fell out of it when the King broached his intentions.  Once he was certain the man was serious, he laughed heartily and readily gave his consent.  The wedding soon followed and there had not been such joy in the Kingdom since the coronation, nor again until the birth of the King’s son and heir.

The years passed and the boy grew, as did his family.  By the time the Steward died, the King’s brood numbered seven with another on the way.  King and Kingdom prospered in those peaceful years, though the Enemy tried, his many attempts at undermining all that the Master had built were unsuccessful.  Brin, the crown prince, was at that awkward age between manhood and childhood and was beginning to grow restless with his usual routine, as if he knew something greater lurked just around the corner but when he thought he had finally found it, it suddenly vanished.  The King watched his son’s growing unease with concern, knowing what such feelings could do, as had happened in his own life.  The Queen came up behind him and took his hand in hers and said with a sweet smile, “he must go.”  
The King turned to his wife in surprise, “where?”  
She shook her head and said sadly, “anywhere but here.  His heart is restless and life is too quiet here.  He must venture into the outer world and discover who he is and what he believes.  He must become a man.”  
The King nodded grimly, knowing it must be so but dreading to release the boy into the dangers that lurked in the outer world, but he would never grow into the man he was meant to be if he remained forever safe within the walls of the castle and the peaceful bounds of the Kingdom.  The King went down into the courtyard, where the lad was practicing with his sword, to tell him what had been discussed between his parents.  
The boy put up his sword, wiped the sweat from his eyes, bowed to his father, and with a smile asked, “may I be of service Sire?” 
 The King’s return smile was faint as he said, “you are unhappy here?” 
The boy frowned for a moment in confusion, but said, “not unhappy, father but each day I become less content.”  
“So your mother and I have noticed,” said the King, “what would be your wish in resolving your discontent?”  
The boy said thoughtfully, “I would have your blessing to leave Sire and see what the world holds.  I have never faced real danger, fear, want, or misery.  How am I to rule this people if I have not been tested and tried and found true?  How do I know I would stand firm in danger or withstand the draw of pride?  Can I rule over those who are sick, tired, poor, or hungry without knowing what it is to be so myself?”  
The King smiled deeply but there was fear in it, “well spoken my son.  You shall do as you wish, and less rashly than I.  You leave a boy, full of promise but untried.  I pray you return a man, full of wisdom and true.”  The boy could not restrain his eager smile, bowed deeply to his father, and dashed towards the stable, unable to say more in farewell but his father understood.  He must leave now ere his resolve gave way.  
Kyan suddenly appeared at the King’s shoulder, “shall I accompany him?”  
The King shook his head, “nay, the lad must succeed or fall on his own.”  
Kyan shook his head, “the Enemy has been waiting for such an opportunity.”  
The King smiled slightly, “then it will give the boy the chance he needs to prove himself or to die trying.”
While Brin saddled his horse, he sent a servant to fetch those things he would need for such a journey, and within half an hour, he was in the saddle and riding out into the great unknown.  He had a vague idea of perhaps venturing into the dark fastness of the wildwood that covered the distant hills or perhaps visiting distant lands to see what men were like in other realms.  His heart was glad to finally be off, but he would have been bolder had he a quest ready made upon which he might be riding.  It seemed somewhat frivolous to be riding off without an errand, but thither was he driven and thither would he go.  It took three days to ride beyond the lands he knew and loved; the mountain of his home had shrunk to a mere hill while the darkling hills were now before him, clad in weary trees, gloomy with age.  He shuddered and wondered if perhaps he should ride back towards the lands of men and explore distant kingdoms instead.  He had seen far more ancient trees of far less dour disposition, for it seemed this wood had never known joy, even in its forgotten youth.  
He sighed and turned his horse into the deepening gloom of the forest‘s shadows, knowing this is what he sought, not the strange but friendly confines of distant lands.  Here he would find his sorrow, loneliness, hunger, and terror.  In distant Kingdoms, he might perhaps find such things, but here it was a certainty for man was merely a legend, if even that.  His horse whinnied nervously but followed his master’s cues and plunged into the black depths of the wood.  There was no road through these forsaken hills, but the trees were so old that little grew in their perpetual shadow.  All that barred their road was tumbled stones and fallen branches.  So great were the trees that they might have been riding through the columns of some great hall of men, were it not for the oppressive gloom all about them.  Little was known of this dark wood, save that men of good intent would find little to avail them in such a place and never ventured far into its shadow but men of evil notion, who could say what use they made of it or the forest’s denizens of them?  
Nothing save the wind seemed to stir beneath the ancient boughs, for neither bird nor beast dwelt long in this forsaken wood, for there was neither nut, berry, nor fodder to sustain them.  After a half day’s ride, Brin became acutely aware of this.  He carried a little food with him but there was nothing to sustain his horse.  With a heavy heart he dismounted, untacked the beast, and sent him back the way they had come.  He did not like the idea of walking or of losing his only companion, but he would not see the faithful creature starve on such an idle quest.  He left most of the harness lie but took up the rest of his baggage and continued deeper into the wood, now afoot and alone.  Night came early in this land of perpetual twilight and he could do little but curl up at the base of a great tree and hope terrible things did not come out after dark.  He lay awake most of the night, listening in terror to the creaking of branches and the sighing of the wind.  Dawn found him ill rested but he was quite eager to leave his weary bed and continue on his way.
So he continued on for four lonely days till his heart was weary and sore for sight of sun or grass or friendly face.  Finally, he sat down on a stone and wept, for he was lost, his food was running out, his water was gone, and he had not slept well since he had left the familiar lands of home.  Was he to starve in this dreadful forest and his father never to know what had come of him?  Why on earth had he left his comfortable home to come to a place like this?  It was one thing to set out on a needful quest but to ride out vainly and die to no purpose?  He sighed, dried his tears, and began his weary trudge into oblivion.  He had no idea where he was or if this forest even had an ending, for it seemed now to cover the entire face of the world.  There had never been anything before and would be nothing after this weary wood.  Finally, as darkness again engulfed him, he found a trickling stream from which to quench his thirst and fill his empty bottles.  He lay down beside this first sign of hope in many days and let it sing him into grateful sleep.  
He awoke to a terrible sight, for in the dismal light of dawn, malevolent eyes met his waking gaze.  It was a horse, but such a horse as mortal mare had never foaled.  There was fire in his eyes and thunder in his stride.  His scream pierced the morning like a trumpet and no echo came back from the malevolent wood.  “What foolish notion brought you here uninvited wretch?” snarled the furious beast, “Have I not had enough misery at the hands of men?”  The boy sat up and stared in wonder and no little terror as the creature paced back and forth, spitting the boy with his smoldering gaze every now and again.
“I do not know who or what you are, sir,” said the boy as courteously as he could, “nor had I any intention of disturbing anything or anyone on my passage through this weary land.  I am lost, alone, and have little hope of ever finding my way out of this place and home again.”  
The creature snorted grimly, “death is the price paid by all who wander heedlessly into this wood, yet even here I cannot escape the inadvertent wanderings of your kind.”  His wrath waxed hot, “it is the fault of one such wanderer that I am as I am.”  His ire seemed to cool marginally as he continued, “but I will not be found guilty of your blood.  That is a price I will not pay twice.”  Grim amusement tinged his voice, “nay, there is another that will happily dispose of you and gain thereby, unless you can pay his ransom.”  
The boy shivered but willed himself to stand, though shakily, “what is this you speak of?”  
The horse sneered, “have you never heard of the Master of the Wood?  Why think you this place remains so dark and foreboding?  Only because he wills it so, else it might be the merriest greenwood in the world, but his will keeps all in a living misery.  He will find you or you can find him.  Not a squirrel passes through these woods but he knows of it.  It is better if you come willingly than that he must trouble himself with taking you.”  
The boy sighed, “it seems best if it is so inevitable.  How can I find him?”  
The horse said coldly, “I will bring you to him.  He will count it in my favor if I do.”
So it was, the horse led and the boy followed silently after, like a condemned man following his jailer to the gallows.  It was not more than an hour’s walk at the speed set by the weary boy, for it was the will of this Master of the Wood that all interlopers in his domain be drawn thither and so all such inevitably found themselves in that place.  They came to a clearing paved with rough stones, in the midst of which was a great up thrusting of rock with many tumbled stones at its base.  From a cleft in this great rock came a hairless creature covered in thick brown hide whose shoulder was on a level with the horse’s head.  His arms reached the ground and his legs were thick and short for his height.  Luminous green eyes bulged from his head and studied the pair with a greedy light; they minded Brin of a hungry snake eyeing potential prey.  
Said the creature, “you have done well to bring me this trespasser.  Would you care to know why?”  The horse shook his head and the Master of the Wood continued, “he is of the blood of those who are our bitterest foes.  He is in fact the son of the man that stripped you of your power and immortality and a descendant of the line that destroyed the once great Master of Bones.  You have done well indeed and your service will not be forgotten.”  
The horse seemed to quiver in silent rage as the boy’s lineage was revealed, but he said in a calm voice, “what will be done with him?”  A laugh that promised a horrible and gruesome future was answer enough.
The creature then turned to the boy and asked, “yes, well I know your line, but little do I know you.  Are you of the same despicable faith which has so little availed your ancestors or are you of a wiser mind?”  
The boy said quietly, “I am firm in what my father believes.”  
The creature snorted in grim amusement, “then there is little point in trying to bargain with you.  At least I shall not waste my time in trying to subvert or undermine your faith.  Are there any who might ransom your blood with theirs?”  
The boy paled at this, he knew his father would do so without a second thought, but he also knew the King’s life was of far more value than his own, for there were other children to inherit the throne.  He looked the creature in the eyes and said as boldly as he could, “perhaps, but I would not ask it of them.  Do what you will with me, but it is me alone you shall have.”  
The creature sighed, “there is so little scope for evil in such a presentiment.  Perhaps I shall give you to this wretched horse that he might gain back what he has lost with your blood.”  
The boy frowned, having heard his father’s story many times, he said, “how can innocent blood buy back that which he has lost if it was lost because he thought to spill innocent blood in the first place?”  
The former unicorn snorted in confusion, “he does have a point.”  
The Master of the Wood snarled, “confound your wit boy, it will not avail you!  You are correct, the creature cannot win back what he has lost in such a manner but the evil that would result from such an act would have been delicious.”  
The horse screamed, “you would mislead me merely for your own amusement?  Who knows what new curse I would earn myself thereby!”  
The creature only laughed, “of course I would use you, I use everybody and everything that comes within my reach, such is the way of the world.”  He stared grimly at the boy, “except perhaps with his stock, but soon that will be a matter relegated to the dusty annals of history.  Are you ready to die boy?”  
The boy shrugged and said, “if it must be so.”  
The creature smiled wickedly, “it must and it will.”  
“Wait!” came the anguished cry of the horse, “I offer my blood for his ransom.”  
“What!” cried the creature, “Why would I bother with such a pitiful trade?”  
The horse said miserably, “I willingly tried to murder his father and lost everything in my pride.  Now in my wretchedness, the least I can do is try to save his son.”  
The creature laughed, “ah, the beautiful misery of it all!  This is more fun than I had anticipated…”  
The creature’s mocking voice died away with a choking gurgle and then perfect silence reigned for a moment in the cheerless clearing.  Brin stared in disbelief as the little drama played out before him.  The miserable horse was suddenly an angry unicorn that plunged its horn deep into the monster’s chest, ending its mocking threat forever.  The boy stared at the unicorn in wonder and joy.  The creature shook its horn free of the dead monster, reared his joy, and vanished into the depths of the forest, which within moments of the creature’s death, was already breaking forth in joy like a young wood in the spring.
The boy’s heart rejoiced for the redeemed creature and wondered what this quickening forest would look like in a year’s time.  With a smile, he turned back into the wood to continue his journey, no longer oppressed by the environs in which he found himself but nearly skipped like a calf over the green pastures of spring.  With the wood nearly blooming, water and food were now so easily found that he had no fear of want while the forest lasted and sweet was his sleep now in the disenchanted wood.  Finally he wandered out of that now fair country and found himself in a land of grassy hills and scattered trees with many a brook singing gaily in its channel.  He had not wandered far out of the woods when he came upon an old man who had lived his entire life in the shadow of those wretched trees, dreading the day one of his sheep might inadvertently wander into such a forbidding place and be inevitably lost.  
Said the man in some surprise, “you wandered out of the wood?”  
The boy nodded merrily and said, “strange as it sounds, I have made it all the way through.”  
The man said warily, “none has ever come through that has not been in the service of some fell power or other.”  
The boy said joyfully, “such will no longer be the case.  The menace that has ever dwelt in and corrupted this forest is no more.  It will now be just a normal wood as one might find in any corner of the world.  See for yourself, does it not seem to thrive and glow with the verdant light of a hundred springs?”  
The man smiled slowly and said in wonder, “that it does.  It shines like a lass on her wedding day where once it brooded like an old miser upon a winter night.”  The shepherd asked the boy to stay to supper and he readily agreed.  The man was a talker but rarely saw other folk, so spent the entire night regaling the boy with tales of the country thereabouts.
The shepherd was up and gone early with his flock but he had left breakfast for the boy and a supply of food for his journey.  Their farewells had been said the previous night so it was simply a matter of eating, gathering his things, and setting off on this next leg of his journey.  He walked on for several days in the direction the shepherd had indicated and finally came to a sizable market town.  He wandered about town for a bit and then found an inn, where he ate his midday meal and mused about his journey and whether it was time he returned home, but he knew his wanderings were not yet over and so was determined to go on.  He spent the afternoon in the horse market, trying to find a suitable animal with which to continue on.  He had brought some money with him but if he bought a horse, there would be very little left, but this was a country that was made for riding and he could not be happy long afoot.  He finally settled on an older but sound animal, which would both suffice for his journey and leave a little coin in his pocket.  
“Not so fast lad,” came a gruff voice behind him, “where did you get money enough to buy a horse?  Looking at you, you don’t have money enough for your next meal.”  
The boy turned in surprise to see three of the town’s watchmen studying him intently.  He glanced down at his own ragged garb and smiled ruefully, he had paid little heed to the state of his own garments during the course of the journey and said, “I brought enough along when I left home, but you are correct, I will have little left to me after purchasing a horse but it will have to do.”
The man frowned, “why not buy some decent clothes instead?”  
The boy grinned, “I have a journey before me and fashion shall carry me nowhere, whereas this beast might.”  
The man scratched his chin thoughtfully, “it seems an honest enough answer but I would still like to question you further, just to make sure all is as innocent as you portray it to be.  The merchant will keep the beast pending your return.  Come along.”  
The boy sighed, but allowed the men to take him into custody.  They took him to the building that served as courthouse, barracks, and jail as needed and proceeded to ask him many questions.  They did not seem to believe his strange tale, especially concerning the forest and upon hearing that cursed wood mentioned grew even more suspicious.  They accused him of being a worker of magic and a servant of evil, a villain, and a thief.  He shook his head, sighed, and told his story again but they had already decided what they thought he was and were determined to bring him before the King to see if he might discern the truth of the matter.  So it was the next day that they set off with a full dozen men to watch one harmless boy on their journey to the capital city.  The boy could only smile in grim amusement and allow himself to be hauled along like a common criminal.  The journey was uneventful but the King was abroad and not expected to return for some weeks, so it was that the boy was cast into prison until the King might chance to hear his case.  The watchmen took their leave, content that they had done their duty and the boy’s fate was now in greater hands.
The dungeon was dank, dark, and infested with rats and every kind of mold, fungus, and ooze one expects in such a place.  The rations were poor and the jailers harsh with their words and occasionally with the lash.  The boy languished in the dungeon for nearly a month before the King returned and even after his return, there was little hope he would ever hear the lad’s case, for it seemed no one knew he was even there or why.  The more important prisoners came and went as their cases were heard and their fates decided, but it seemed the boy was doomed to rot and die forgotten in this dreadful place.  For three months he never saw the light of day or breathed fresh air.  He grew thin and so weak he could no longer rise from the moldy straw that comprised his bed.  
Brin turned his face to the wall and prepared to die, wondering how he had come to such an end, but never losing faith in the One who had made him and everything else.  Beyond all sorrow and pain, there was a never ending joy and he turned his thoughts to this as his sight grew dim and his thinking muddled.  Finally, one of the jailers noticed the dying prisoner and brought it to the attention of his superiors.
“What is the boy in for?” demanded the captain of the King’s guard.  
The man shook his head, “I don’t know.  He was brought in by some rustic watchmen who demanded the King hear his case.  He’s been there ever since though the entire prison population has turned over twice in the interim.”  
The captain looked grim, “you had best bring him out and see if something can be done for him.  It will not go well for us if the lad is innocent and dies untried.”
The man hastened back to the cells and drew the now unconscious form out into the sunlit gardens and splashed water on his face.  The cool water, warm sun, and gentle breeze worked wonders on the fading Brin.  He breathed deeply and his eyes fluttered open, not sure if he was in the mortal world or whatever was beyond it.  The jailer sighed in relief to see the wasted boy coming round and sent a servant to fetch the captain.  The jailer helped the boy to sit up and gave him clean water and a little fresh bread, which did wonders in reviving him.  There was life again in his eyes when the captain finally found them.  The boy was thin, ragged, and dirty but he did not look a criminal.
The captain asked gently, “and what heinous act did you commit to find yourself a guest of the dungeons lad?”  
The boy smiled weakly, “I tried to buy a horse.”  
The captain looked a bit confused until the boy told of his encounter with the bucolic lawmen and then he laughed deeply.  When he had regained his breath, the captain said, “well have you paid for your odious attempt at horse purchasing, now what can we do to make amends for our less than hospitable treatment of you?”
The boy said, “some decent food and rest are all I need, but I would dearly love to see you improve the conditions in which your prisoners are wont to languish and see that each has a timely and fair trial.”  
The captain bowed to this sensible and just request and said, “I shall bring it to the King’s attention and do what I can to bring it about.  I shall also find you more suitable accommodations.”  
The boy was now a guest of the palace rather than its prisoner and within a few weeks was once again a robust and healthy lad, able to mingle with the other young folk that populated the palace, including a Princess and a young man that he came to discover was actually a third cousin twice removed or a relation of equal importance, hereafter referred to simply as ‘cousin’ for convenience’s sake.
His convalescence came about in this way: he at first could not do much more than sit in a quiet place in the gardens where the sunshine, fresh air, and good food quickly began to restore his strength.  As his strength returned, he gradually began to walk, at first only a few feet and then needing a rest, but soon he was making a full circuit of the garden before needing to rest.  Of course, as walking in the garden was a prominent activity among most of the more affluent of the castle populous in those days, the invalid could not be long hidden from their notice which quickly excited conversation as to his name, history, and connections.  There was much speculation but little was actually known.  Finally, the Princess and her latest admirer, the aforementioned cousin, did a most desperate deed and asked the man himself.
The cousin, Eward by name, was aghast to learn that here was a Prince and not just a Prince, but heir to the most prosperous Kingdom of whose existence he was aware and a distant relation to boot!  He tried not to let his jealousy show, being only the son of a great lord himself, but pursued the boy’s family history with relish.  It seemed Marlin was the cousin’s grandfather and brother to Brin’s grandmother.  The Princess of course, was quite delighted with such a history and connection and yearned to hear more of the tales surrounding this distant land of which she had heard so much.  Brin was quite happy to oblige her while Eward tried to look interested but only managed to look sulky.  
For nearly two weeks they talked often with the quickly recovering boy, though Eward wished desperately for his lady to find some other interest, he accompanied her only in hopes of remaining in her favor, fearing that this interloper would soon displace him, cousin or no.  Finally, some matter of state drew her away for a day that the cousins might speak alone.  By now, Brin was recovered enough that a ride in the forest seemed a more pleasant prospect than endlessly pacing the gardens, as was usually his wont.  He agreed most readily to accompany his cousin on such a ride and so they set forth on a bright morning, Brin was as eager as his companion to have some time that they might speak alone.  After they were well away from any prying ears, they dismounted that they might talk more easily and that Brin might rest after the morning’s unaccustomed exertions.  
Eward began without hesitation, “I am my father’s only son, he having died not long after I was born.  My mother is the daughter and only heir of the Lord Marlin and I will come into all of her vast inheritance one day.  I came hither seeking an alliance with the lovely Princess, also the only heir of her father the King.  I am more than delighted to discover an unknown kinsman but would beg you not to interfere in my courtship, seeing as you are to inherit far more than I could ever dream in your own turn.”  
Brin shook his head and smiled at his cousin’s apprehensions, “I have no intention of seeking after your lady’s affections and am most excited to discover the existence of a cousin my own age and hope one day to be counted worthy of your friendship.  If you fear the Princess is considering me as a potential rival, let us leave this place and continue on my journey before her feelings are tempted more than is proper.  I would love your company for as long as you would care to give it, then you can return to court your lady whenever you tire of our adventure.”
Eward eyed his cousin with some surprise and a thoughtful smile touched his lips but not his eyes, “I would enjoy that very much indeed and respect your noble feelings on the matter.  We shall leave as soon as you feel strong enough to endure a day in the saddle.”  
With such encouragement, Brin seemed to make a miraculous recovery and it was not many days before he declared himself fit to travel.  Eward’s concerns were not unjustified and glad was he when the boy so quickly determined that the time for their departure had come, much to the misery of the Princess and her father, who quickly offered the boy whatever he might need for his journey, in hopes of somehow atoning for his inadvertent ill treatment of the young man.  Such a match was much to his liking and he hoped the boy would return with his father’s blessing and one day unite the realms, now that the Darkwood was no longer a deterrent to travelers between the two Kingdoms.  Eward had even greater ambitions, hoping to unite his mother’s relatively meager holdings with those of his cousin and his current host and claim lordship over all himself.  
So it was that the boys set out, Brin eager and joyous as only the unspoiled heart of youth can be at the start of such a venture and Eward excitedly planning his ascension to not one, but two thrones not rightfully his own. A pity his cousin had to stand in the way, he might have actually liked the lad had he not viewed him as a rival in everything that mattered most, but such feelings must give way to the harsher realities of life and so any necessary action could not be helped, regardless of whom it hurt.  Eward was most eager to visit his kin and Brin felt it high time he went home, so back towards the former Darkwood, now the most verdant of Greenwoods, did they venture.  They spent a night with the shepherd, which greatly annoyed the royal sensibilities of the persnickety Eward, but brought much delight to the other two; they also shunned the market town to avoid any more inadvertent delays.  
Eward was quite eager to see the changes wrought in the infamous Darkwood after the boy’s recent adventures and was pleased to find his road home shortened thereby, for in order to avoid the wood, one had to ride many days out of the way to find a passable route between the realms.  A safe road through the Greenwood would go far in uniting the hitherto distant Kingdoms, not to mention offer a tempting home and livelihood to men who felt cramped and dissatisfied with their current lot in more civilized territories.  Eward’s mind soon filled the great forest with countless villages and well tended farms, stretching from the Kingdom they just vacated to his own meager country, with himself King over all.  The only question was, what to do about his cousin and the rest of his family?  An idea began to take shape in Eward’s mind that at first chilled him, but gradually came to be the necessary way of achieving what he wanted above all else.  
Brin was enjoying himself to the point of wishing to spend the rest of his days in similar occupation.  The weather was fine, his companion interesting and bold, his horse well bred, and his errand most enjoyable without any sense of urgency or danger, at least until Eward spoke about his future plans.
“Cousin,” said he, as they were about to mount their horses after a noon rest in a sunny glade three days’ ride into the wood, “I believe that very soon you will wish to settle a matter of honor with me and I cannot in good faith continue on our road with you unaware of my intentions.  I mean to marry your sister, thereby displacing your younger siblings as heirs to the throne.  You and your father must obviously be removed by some expedient means and your younger brothers must also no doubt be disposed of.  Once the Kingdom is mine, I shall return to Malgaria and resume my courtship of the Princess and assume yet another throne.”
Brin stared at his cousin, horror and amusement fighting for supremacy on his face, unsure whether the boy was serious or merely jesting.  Eward drew his sword, which could only confirm the former.  With a great sigh and a shudder, Brin set himself to meet his cousin’s proffered blade, wondering how such a lovely journey could have gone so terribly wrong.  
Eward smiled as he advanced, glad to see the boy was no coward.  Brin frowned as their blades met, “why not just murder me in my sleep?”  
Eward barked a laugh, “I may be plotting to take what is not yet rightfully mine, but I am no common thief.  I will at least give you a chance to defend you and yours.”  His blade struck true and as Brin went to his knees, clutching his wounded arm, Eward continued in a scornful voice, “of course I am no fool either, I knew you were no match for me with a blade, thus ends your chance to save all you hold dear.”  A cruel smile touched his lips as he held the blade to his cousin’s throat, “I had thought perhaps honor was my motivation, but on second thought, I think seeing the utter despair in your eyes is my true reward.  After all, what is there of honor in all else I am about to attempt?  Farewell!”  
With a flick of his wrist, he slit the boy’s throat and ended all argument from that quarter.  He glanced about in concern, wondering how to expediently hide the body, lest his treachery be unduly discovered and his plans brought to naught.  An errant breeze brought the stench of a stagnating pond to his wondering nostrils and a smile to his lips.  He dragged the mortal remains of his dead cousin to the edge of the fetid pool and pushed him in, using a stick to push the body as far from shore as he could.  It was not long before the corpse vanished beneath the scummy water and the treacherous youth continued on his way, dreaming of the mischief yet to come.  He was beginning to like the taste and feel of burgeoning power and the scheming that went with it.

The murderous boy had barely vanished from sight when the unicorn stepped out of his hiding place, from which he had watched all that had come to pass.  He shook his head sadly at such a waste of a young life and thought how strange it was that he had once committed such an atrocity himself, with as little thought to the consequences to both himself and his victim.  He had thought to charge to the boy’s rescue, but he had felt an overwhelming compulsion to wait and let things play out as they would.  This certainty that he must wait had surprised him, but even more so was he alarmed by the sudden appearance of a man and horse between himself and the pond.  He blinked at this new arrival and knew instinctively that there was something quite odd about this particular man and beast.  He watched in wonder as the man waded out into the midst of the rank pond and fished around for something hidden beneath the fetid surface.
Lenard finally caught hold of the supposedly hidden Brin and dragged him to shore, where he lay unmoving, covered in slime and muck and blood.  Lenard blinked in surprise to see who it was that he had fished out of the mire.  
The unicorn then spoke in miserable curiosity, “you have come too late, yet seem surprised in what you have found?”  
Lenard shook his head, “not what but whom.  I knew what it was I would find, just not who.  His father will be devastated, but not as wholly as he might have been had things been otherwise.”  
The unicorn shook his head, “what on earth can you mean?  How can one man deserve so much sorrow?  Was I not the cause of his early tragedy and now I must witness the death of his son?”  
Lenard looked at the unicorn and smiled in comprehension, “this then is no insignificant meeting!  The King and your kinsman have always wondered what had come of you, these are wonderful tidings indeed!”  
The unicorn shook his head and said despairingly, “this news might cheer their hearts as their concern warms mine, yet it is little comfort for such a loss!  How is it that we are both restrained from lending aid when it is needed most?”  
Lenard wore a smile of anticipation as he said, “it is not such a loss as you believe.  The boy may have to renounce his mortal destiny, but he has things to accomplish now on a grander scale and is not truly lost to his father.”  
As he spoke, the boy groaned, shifted, and blinked up in wonder, as he gasped, “Lenard?”  
The former servant smiled down at the boy and said, “at your service Sire, but I suppose that title is of no more use to you.”  He offered the lad his hand and said, “come, we have things to be about.”  
The unicorn blinked and shook his head as he watched the filthy and bedraggled form get to his feet, glance about in wonder, smile bemusedly as he studied his own ragged person, and then met the unicorn’s wondering gaze, before turning to Lenard.  Said the boy, “I have long known there was something odd about you, my uncle, and the others, but I had no idea it was like this and now I am part of it too!  In a dream, I was told I could come on this adventure with my cousin and that disaster might result but it would be the only way of sparing many much grief, else I could go my own way and leave them to their fate.”
The unicorn blew out his nostrils in agitation, “how are you to spare others grief in getting yourself killed and how is it that you are yet able to walk and talk?”  
Lenard said with an enigmatic grin, “he can now be of much more use in ending his murderer’s vile plot than he ever could be as a mortal man, as to the rest, that is something you must ask of the Master for it is of His doing.”  They both climbed aback the waiting horse and vanished as suddenly as they had come.  The unicorn could only shake his head in wonder but left the grievous scene, having caught some of the enthusiasm shared by these strange men.  

The horse appeared in the small courtyard abutting the entrance to the kitchens, where they were least likely to be noticed at this hour of the night.  Lenard cast a cloak over the dripping boy and hurried him into the depths of the castle, from which he emerged quite free of both wounds and muck.  Kyan met them as they emerged into the castle proper and exchanged greetings with his great nephew and his old friend, saying, “so there is another plot against the King and his?”  He smiled in anticipation, “the villain will have quite a surprise when he appears to take the crown!”  
Lenard returned to his duties as Brin followed Kyan towards the part of the castle that housed the royal family.  They passed easily through the door of the room in which Brin’s next younger brother Ryan slept.  Kyan shook the boy awake and said without preamble, “are you up for an adventure lad?”  The boy looked at first confused and then eager as he nodded, stretched, and yawned.  Said Kyan, “then quickly pack what you need for clothes and come with me.”  The boy still looked confused but quickly began gathering his things, seeing only Kyan but not his elder brother.  Once ready, Kyan escorted the lad from the room, leaving Brin alone to take his place.  He shook his head in amusement, wondering how it was he had come to impersonate his younger brother for the time being.  His smile deepened, wouldn’t Eward be surprised!  
Kyan spirited away the young prince to a place of safety while Brin took his place, looking to mortal eye just like his absent sibling, but there was no fooling the gaze of those who could see things beyond mortal sight.  Arin was one such who could not be deceived.  He met the boy in the courtyard that very morning and swished his tail in agitation, wondering what the lad was up to.  His new profession was obvious, which grieved the creature for the King’s sake, but increased his desire to know what was going on.  Brin quickly explained things to the curious unicorn, who soon became very interested in things to come and promised to do whatever he could to aid their cause and protect the King and his family.  He was heartened to hear of what had come of his kinsman and that the curse had been lifted from the Darkwood.  He did not often keep secrets from the King, but it was for his own sake that this farce was being enacted nor had they long to wait, for Eward arrived that very afternoon, much to the delight of every mortal in the Kingdom.
The boy was welcomed with open arms by the King and his family, glad to meet this distant kinsman at last; the princesses looked on him eagerly, for he was both handsome and pleasing of manner.  He quickly took his place at the side of the eldest daughter, who was delighted with such attention though her sisters were obviously jealous.  It was not many days before she felt herself very much in love with this dashing young lord, and his plans seemed very close to fruition.  The main difficulty would be in finding a way to remove all those who stood in his way without anyone growing suspicious.  He eagerly courted the interest of the next eldest son, who seemed quite enthusiastic in every endeavor his bold cousin suggested and it was not long before tragedy struck on one such outing.
How careless!  How dreadful!  It had been a merry morning of hunting, when alas, the arrow meant for the stag buried itself in the young prince instead.  As Eward waited for his victim’s vain struggles to cease, he glanced idly about him, wondering how the last son might be dealt with.  A wicked smile graced his lips as his eyes fell upon the answer.  He gathered up a handful of mushrooms and returned to his companion, who at last lay still.  He mounted his horse and galloped back to the castle to deliver this grim news, but first he would stop in the kitchens and add a special ingredient to the last surviving prince’s soup.
Once the villain vanished over the hill, Brin sat up, smiled, mounted the strange horse that had suddenly appeared next to him, and vanished back to the castle.  Kyan had also vanished with the youngest prince and Brin was just in time to take his place at the noon meal.  The soup was rather good, even with the poisonous fungus added at the last moment.  Eward watched intently as the faux prince emptied his bowl and not long after excused himself with severe stomach pains; it would not be long now.  He then finished his own meal and after, sought a private audience with the King, who was vastly happy to oblige him, thinking he sought permission to wed his eldest daughter.  Brin ghosted after, invisible to mortal sight.
They met in a small, private garden and paced the walks together in silence, finally the boy began, “Sire, I desire to be King.”  
The man looked surprised, “you may certainly marry my eldest girl but my own sons will inherit the crown.”  
Eward smiled slowly, “but Sire, you are now bereft of sons.”  
The King stopped suddenly and faced the wickedly smiling youth, “that is ridiculous.”  
The boy’s smile deepened but held no mirth, “is it?”  
Brin was suddenly visible to both men; his father gasped and Eward looked quite astonished.  Said Brin, “he is at least correct for my part Sire, but has failed to realize his last two victims were not who they seemed to be.”  
Eward snarled, “how can this be?”
The King said in wonder, “my younger sons yet remain to me?”  
Brin could make no answer, for a shadowy figure suddenly appeared next to Eward and banished the young Knight with a ball of black flame, as the dark mage hissed, “I would worry about your own safety Sire and forget that of your wretched whelps.”  
Eward was quite astonished but not sorry to see this terrifying ally come to rescue his brilliant scheme from disaster.  The small garden suddenly seemed full of people, as Kyan, Lenard, and Garar appeared, swords at the ready.  Eward thought he had gone mad, but there were yet more surprises, as a unicorn burst upon the scene.  The Wraith dispatched the King as he had his son.  As the King vanished, Arin suddenly collapsed in mid-charge and faded away like mist in the morning.  The remaining Knights rushed upon their foe but were likewise dealt with, leaving only the dark magician and Eward alone in the garden.  
The villain said, “would you like power to do the same?  Your scheme was clumsy but admirable.  My master much desires your service.”  The boy’s astonishment turned to eagerness and together they vanished, leaving the shrubs to themselves.

They stood on a twilit riverbank, shrouded in mist.  The far shore seemed bathed in the first light of dawn.  The King and Arin stood together, seemingly unaware of the four Knights who stood upstream.  The pair exchanged an eager smile, plunged into the River, and were soon lost in the mist that glimmered golden on the far side.  
Said Kyan, with a lump in his throat, “so passes the Age of Legends, yet still our enemies remain.”  
The others nodded eagerly, turning away from the River and its eternal, joyous song.  Lenard shook his head, “I do not know how I am going to explain this to the Queen.”  
Garar grinned, “the budding romance between Ryan and a certain young princess on the other side of a formerly enchanted wood might do something to assuage her grief.”  
Kyan nodded, “as will the growing fondness of our cousins for the youngest prince.  When their only son and heir never returns, they will look elsewhere for leadership.”  
Brin said, “it sounds like the Kingdom is about to triple in size.”  
Lenard groaned, “I am busy enough already!”  
Kyan shook his head, “we too must pass out of living memory, my friend.  We still have our duties but no more will we be remembered by living men as more than a myth of the past.”  
Brin laughed, “then what are we standing around here for, have we not things to do, legends or not?”  They shared a joyous glance and then vanished back to the world that would soon forget them, but was still in desperate need of their aid.



Empire:

The bright sunshine outside seemed to mock the somber gathering around the little bed, where death had come a’visiting that morning.  Two boys and a girl, held each other close and tried to find what comfort they could in their young grief.  The girl wept openly, tears welled in the eyes of the youngest boy, and the elder looked on stoically, pretending to be strong for the sake of his younger siblings.  They were nearly grown, but still found themselves orphans on the brink of adulthood.  Their mother’s death had come rather suddenly, for she had always been a strong and vigorous woman, despite being widowed at a young age and small of stature.  Three days prior, she felt a little ill and now the nameless fever had claimed another victim.  What was to come after, they did not have the heart to imagine.
The burial was a quiet affair, only a handful of the neighbors came to pay their respects, most had ailing or dead relatives of their own to deal with as the plague swept through the little town; this was not the first nor the last funeral they would see.  The three made their way quietly back to the empty house, in no hurry to reach that place of so many memories now turned painful by acute sorrow.  They stopped suddenly and stared in astonishment, for there was some sort of ruckus in the village, more so than the epidemic could inspire.  A troop of soldiers stood on the green and were interrogating anyone they found in the open.  A sense of dread fell upon the three orphans, the eldest boy especially felt a sudden desire to protect his younger siblings.  He started to herd the two towards the nearest edge of the forest that encroached upon that end of the village, but he was too late: the soldiers had seen them and four approached at the gallop.  Terror stricken, they tried to dash for the woods but they were quickly surrounded by the dangerous looking men.
The captain studied the trembling youngsters with a malignant curiosity that seemed to last an eternity to the captives.  Finally he spoke, “what is your name girl?”  She said something, but she was nearly inaudible with terror.  The captain laughed darkly, “speak child!”  
Her eldest brother drew her protectively behind him and challenged tremulously, “who dares to ask?”  
The captain smiled in grim amusement, “you have courage boy, but I must know the girl’s name.  I may answer your question later, if your courage does not get you killed first.”  
The boy took a deep breath and said, “her name is Kaya.”  
The captain’s smile deepened and none felt it a pleasant gesture, as he said, “then I have a question to put to her and she must answer for herself.”  He skewered the girl with a glare and growled, “your folk label you a heretic my lady, is this so?”  
Her terror filled eyes grew into a confused frown as she drew herself up, as if insulted, and this time answered quite boldly, “a heretic, sir?”  
He barked a laugh, “quite, they say you and your kin cling unflinchingly to certain old legends, or shall I say myths?  We are here to ascertain the truth of the matter.  Well?”  
She shook her head, “I do not understand?”
He drew forth his sword, and his men did likewise, as he snarled, “upon pain of death my lady, I would know whether you claim to be a servant of the Master or if it is all hearsay?”
She gasped, paled, and said in a quivering voice, “it is quite true.”  
He said, quiet and grim as death, “and would you renounce such an allegiance even now, if it would spare your life?”  
She shook her head adamantly and looked the terrible man in the eye, “that I will not do.”  
He sheathed his blade, as did his men, as he said, “if that is your decision, then you shall come with us.”  
“No!” said Bayard grimly, “You will not take my sister.”  
The captain shook his head and laughed at the obstreperous elder brother, “and how do you propose to stop me?”  
The boy sighed, “I cannot, but will you take my life for hers?”  
The captain seemed amused, “I have my orders lad, you cannot spare your sister but perhaps you can share her fate.”  
Kyan, the younger brother, finally spoke, “you must take me also.”  
The captain shook his head bemusedly, “you have quite devoted brothers lady, is there anyone else who might be interested enough in your fate to speak in your defense?”  
She said quietly, “my brothers alone remain to me of kith and kin, but perhaps my fiancé would care to know my fate?”
They herded the girl and her brothers back to the rest of the company waiting on the green while a soldier rode off to make inquiries of the betrothed young man.  He came riding back with the lad running behind.
“Kaya” panted Bryant, breathing hard from terror and exertion, “you must listen to these men!  They will release you if you will but recant your silly myths.”  
Kaya’s eyes grew large and tears threatened to spill forth anew as he spoke.  She said in horror, “you would have me give up that which is most dear to me?”  
The boy shrugged, “it is little enough effort to spare your life.”  
She shook her head, “but I thought you also fervent in these things, else my mother would never have consented to our engagement?”  
He scoffed, “such legends are all well and good at the proper place and time, but they have no bearing in such a case!  They are not worth your life!”  
She said sadly, “to me they are dearer than life, and so will I accept this fate, whatever it may be.”  
Bryant shook his head and turned to go, “how can you be so foolish!  Bayard, say something!”  
Her brother only shook his head sadly.  Bryant shrugged his shoulders and walked slowly away from what might be the last glimpse he would ever have of his one time beloved.  Kaya fell on her brother’s shoulder and wept, but her grief was short lived, as the captain urged her and her brothers into the saddles of three spare horses and escorted the apparently doomed youths out of the village.
It was a grim and silent journey for the three, for the soldiers spoke to them no more than absolutely necessary, they still mourned for their mother, wondered about their impending fate, and Kaya felt keenly Bryant’s sudden abandonment, which unsettled her brothers all the more.  They were treated quite well for prisoners, but had no more idea what was going to happen than when first the soldiers had entered the village.  
They finally reached the capital city of the great Kingdom that stretched from one end of the continent to the other; here they hoped to finally get answers, or at least relief from their continued sorrow and confusion.  As soon as they came within sight of the great city, a soldier rode off as fast as his weary horse could go, undoubtedly a messenger to whomever had ordered the apprehension of such an unlikely hostage.  They entered the city without incident; the youngsters glanced about curiously but not with the awe that might be expected of such yokels on their first visit to so vast and mighty a city, for their hearts were weary with grief and not even so wondrous a sight could rouse them from their somber ruminations.  They rode through the teeming streets and entered a great amphitheater in the center of town where they dismounted; only the captain, the captives, and three of the guardsmen remained while the rest of the company vanished with the horses.  
The message must have been delivered quickly, for they had not long to wait as several imperious and stately men soon joined the little company on the dais in the center of the amphitheater.  More surprising was the eager crowd that began to fill the seats of the great structure.  Not even this could make the once timid girl flinch, whatever her fate, it could not be worse than the interminable journey and the sorrow and confusion that accompanied it.
Once the crowd had settled into place, one of the great men raised a hand for silence and then turned suddenly to confront the girl, “what have you to say for yourself child?  Will you even now renounce your Master?  We are all here as witnesses.  A few simple words and you can go home.  Otherwise you must accept the fate that awaits you.  Well?”  She looked up into the eyes of this great man and then took a timid step back as her gaze met the merciless eyes of the great raptor that perched upon his shoulder.  All these strange and mighty men could not make her cringe but the eyes of this unthinking bird seemed to bore into her heart and see more than perhaps even she knew about herself.  The man drew his sword, causing her brothers to dash to her rescue, at least they tried but the soldiers held them firm.  “Well?” asked the man once more, holding his sword aloft, as if to strike, “It is an easy question.”  
She averted her eyes from the falcon and gazed boldly at her interlocutor, “I will do no such thing, whatever your intentions.”
“Enough!” came a great voice, though Kaya could not determine who had spoken, “She is steadfast.  So be it!”  
Her questioner smiled deeply, grounded his swordpoint, and went to one knee before the terrified girl even as a great cheer went up from a thousand onlookers.  Kaya stared in disbelief at the kneeling man before her, wondering what was going on.  Timidly she asked, “what would you have of me Sir?”  
The man’s laugh was deep and warm, “nay Lady, it is for you to ask what you will of us.”  
She shook her head, tears of frustration filling her eyes, “I do not understand.”  
That dreadful bird had vanished, Kaya noted absently, but her attention was quite suddenly drawn to the wise and stately man who now spoke, “you are to be our new Queen, my Lady.”  
The girl gaped, “that is absolutely ridiculous!”  
The man snorted a laugh, “so it must seem, but so it is.  Come, we shall talk privately.  There is much that must be said.”  He smiled at those standing about in eager anticipation and said, “you might as well start the festivities while we discuss the details.”  
With this pronouncement, a great cheer went up from the onlookers, who were apparently quite eager for the coming celebration.  The great man collected Kaya and her brothers and silently drew them away from the ensuing chaos; they found the waiting guardsmen and the horses outside the amphitheater, mounted, and rode towards the great castle that towered over everything.  Kaya felt as if she rode in a dream, this last revelation was almost too much for her already overwrought sensibilities.  Only her brothers’ own wide-eyed stares assured her that she was not dreaming.
The little company passed through the gates of the castle without incident and were quickly secreted in a quiet room with comfortable chairs and countless books lining the walls.  Kyan felt at home immediately in the stuffy little room, for he loved old books.  “Here we may talk at length, my Lady,” said their guide, “I am Kerloth, the current Keeper of the Realm.”  
“Keeper?” asked Kyan curiously.  
The man seated himself and motioned for his three companions to do the same, before saying, “I am the Keeper of Lore, Wisdom, and Truth, at least I was for the last dynasty.  But alas, that line has fallen into vanity and pride and there is none fit to rule the Kingdom.  You will of course wish to appoint your own Keeper, Lady, when the opportunity arises, but I shall assist you until that momentous day.”  
Bayard frowned, “if there are still members of the Royal Family in existence, how can my sister be in line for the throne?”  
The Keeper shook his head, “only a true servant of our Master may sit upon the throne, lest the Kingdom fall into chaos, civil war, and disarray, or so say the Prophecies.  Though there may be Royal Blood in the veins of a given person, it matters not if their heart is not the Master’s, for they shall never sit upon the throne.”  
Kaya asked, “why was I apprehended as a criminal and brought hither anticipating death?”  
The Keeper smiled in amusement, “could we have truly known the condition of your heart had we brought you here with all due pomp?”  
She smiled in comprehension, “had I known the truth of the matter, you would not have known the true measure of my heart.  How was I, of all people chosen?”
The Keeper shrugged, “the Master Himself revealed you as a potential candidate.  Had you chosen to deny Him, another would have been sought until a truly faithful heart was found.”  
She smiled sadly, “to think what Bryant will say.”  
The Keeper frowned in confusion and Bayard whispered, “her ex-fiancé denied his faith the moment things looked dangerous to his beloved while she stood firm.”  
The Keeper shook his head, “it is well that such an infidel is no longer attached to you, Lady, for only a truly faithful man is worthy or able to be your husband and the future King.  You may of course pursue this man, if that is your wish, but then you can no longer aspire to the throne.”  
She shook her head sadly, “I could not wed such an unfaithful soul; it saddens me, but I am content.”  
The Keeper smiled deeply, “I am glad to hear it, my Lady.  Now, you probably wish to refresh yourselves and rest a little before you must make a brief appearance this night at the celebration so long anticipated by your eager subjects.”  He stood and motioned for Her Majesty to go first out of the room, where a maidservant waited to usher her Ladyship off to a warm bath and a hot meal.
Once Kaya was gone, the Keeper turned to her brothers, saying, “will you two now go home or do you wish to be of help to your sister?  I know you came hence anticipating to share her doom, but will you now support her reign?”  
The boys said simultaneously, “of course we shall stay.”  
They exchanged a grin, but the Keeper said grimly, “good, but you must know there are those who would be happy to see the Kingdom fall into chaos or grab for power themselves.  They would delight in anything that would hurt or embarrass your sister.  You must also know your lives might well be forfeit if you stay in her defense.  Are you willing to pay such a price?”  They smiled eagerly, as if anticipating the day anyone might be so bold.  The Keeper shook his head in amusement at this youthful eagerness, “then she could have no better protectors.  I will leave you now to the care of others.  We will talk more when you have rested and settled in to this strange new world.”  He bowed deeply and vanished down a side corridor while eager servants ushered the boys to their waiting bath and supper.

After several days of celebration, feasting, parades, dancing, and more merrymaking than most mortals can handle safely in a lifetime, Kaya’s grand adventure started to take on some semblance of normalcy as she settled into her new role and she became acquainted with the people and places about her.  
One bright morning the Keeper drew Bayard aside and spoke quietly to the boy, “you seem a man of action and of no little courage, or so our dear Captain of the Guard tells me.  Would you care to be appointed as your sister’s Chief Protector?”  
Bayard said in amazement, “I know little about such matters, Sir.  Had I the knowledge and skill, I would gladly serve her thus, but my dearth of knowledge can be but a hindrance to her safety.”  
The Keeper shook his head, “nay, a willing and brave heart is all she needs.  Skill and wisdom can be learned and otherwise acquired, but the heart is a difficult thing to change.”  He looked about, as if fearing to be overheard, “if you accept this position, you must know it will one day claim your life.”  
Bayard nodded, “I could think of no better way to spend it, Sir.  I am your man, if you think me capable?”  
The Keeper said solemnly, “there is no better.  Where are you off to?”  
Bayard smiled eagerly, “the Queen’s General and one of his advisors have asked me to go hunting with them this morning.  Perhaps I can learn something from such a seasoned warrior and one wise enough to advise him.  It seems almost providential in light of my new position!”  
The Keeper said thoughtfully, “providential indeed, but perhaps not in the way you anticipate.”  The boy gave him a perplexed look but then smiled enthusiastically, before dashing off to the stableyard to find his horse and waiting companions.  The Keeper shook his head, knowing their conversation had barely been in time.

The General and his Advisor were eager in their greetings and in their readiness to ride forth in pursuit of game, and Bayard had no wish to keep them waiting.  They were nearly obsequious in their manners towards him, but his boyish heart and enthusiasm little noticed their fawning behavior as he rode out on his first real hunt.  He had hunted as a boy, mostly rabbits and small game to help his struggling little family, but this was his first pursuit of creatures as mythical as stags and wild boar.  Not used to royal hunting forays, he did not notice the dearth of servants and hounds to aid them in their pursuit of game.  They had ridden deep into the wildwood that bordered one side of the great city when the General yelled, “a great stag!”  
Bayard fumbled with his bow as he wildly glanced about, hoping to see this wondrous beast, but he saw neither stag nor spear until he lay gasping out his life on the forest floor.  There was no stag but the General’s hunting spear was buried in the boy’s chest.  Said the Advisor in feigned horror, “what a terrible accident to befall our beloved Prince!  Alas, what will come of our dear Queen?”  They shared a delighted laugh as they leisurely dismounted and approached the fallen boy.
Bayard paid his murderers little heed, what little cognizance remained to him was fully focused on the stranger standing over him where no one had been a moment before.  The man said without preamble, “you can serve your Master and your sister still.  Drink, if that is your wish.”  The boy nodded weakly as the man poured a cool liquid into his gaping mouth even as consciousness fled him.  His murderers stood over his prone form, the General yanked his spear free, and the Advisor knelt beside the unmoving boy, feeling for a pulse.  They could not see the man who stood beside the slain boy or his fabulous mount.  
The Advisor smiled wickedly, saying, “he’s dead.  We had best return to the city and tell her Majesty of this tragic accident.”  They laughed all the more as they fashioned a rough stretcher to bear the inert form back to the city.  The silent stranger watched them go with an eager smile on his face, wondering who would be the more surprised: the villains or the boy!
They were not long in reaching the city and did their best to look distraught, horrified, and grief-stricken, hoping their triumphant smiles might remain hidden long enough to protect them from charges of murder.  Bayard awoke as they entered the castle courtyard, at first not comprehending that he was again in the mortal world.  Death had seized him, but whatever that strange draught was, it had kept death from its final victory.  He had slipped into some strange netherworld of swirling, varicolored mist and there he came face to face with the Master.  That was an interview no mortal mind could possibly comprehend, but now he understood the prophetic words of the Keeper ere their parting.  He could have slipped away into Eternity and whatever awaited therein, but he could not, would not leave his sister alone to fight such foes.  So it was that he found himself again in the mortal world, but no longer bound by time or mortality, for death had broken all such bonds.  He had much to learn about his new occupation but he was sure he was much more able to protect his sister in this capacity than as the wide-eyed boy who had ridden out so foolishly that very morning.  
Suddenly, he realized there was quite a cacophony about him, people wailing and shouting and running about in confusion.  The General and his companion stood in the courtyard, trying to explain the horrid mishap that had befallen the young Prince.  Bayard saw the Keeper standing in a quiet corner with a curious smile on his face, he winked when the supposedly dead boy caught his eye.  His attention was drawn to the Captain of the Guard, who had come running immediately when he heard the dreadful rumor.  The man was horrified by the blood and gaping hole in the boy’s tunic, and quickly began cutting away at the ropes binding the supposed corpse to the wobbly stretcher that had borne him sadly home.  As the distraught Captain freed the dead Prince, Bayard suddenly sat up and smiled impishly at his would-be murderers.  Everyone stepped back in wonder and horror as the boy sat up and eased himself off the rickety construction and onto his feet.  Kaya came running and threw herself into his arms, Kyan was only a moment behind.  
“I do not understand,” said the flummoxed Captain.  
Bayard shook his head grimly, “a supposed hunting accident Captain, but actually attempted murder.”  
All eyes turned to look upon the perpetrators, who drew back in terror.  The Advisor stuttered, “it was an accident, Highness, truly it was!”  
Bayard crossed his arms, “they shared a merry laugh, thinking they had succeeded.”  
The Keeper stepped forth, “the boy speaks truly, my Lady, and these cads certainly lie.  I had hoped them to be honest men, but their actions have shown them to be as treacherous as their late masters from whom rule of the Kingdom was taken.”  The Captain looked first to the Keeper and then to the young Queen and both nodded grimly.  He motioned and his men took the traitors away, amidst their violent protests of innocence.

Once the uproar had died away and all and sundry were certain the young Prince had come to no harm, the usual activities of the day were soon resumed, though there was much curious and speculative talk as it was carried out.  The Keeper and Bayard found themselves alone in that same, quiet room wherein their first interview had taken place upon their arrival.  The eagle-eyed man smiled knowingly at the boy, who could only shake his head in wonder.
Sighed the boy, “I have little idea of what I have gotten myself into.”  
The Keeper’s smile deepened, “you know enough, else you could never have entered this service.  But in your new role you can be of invaluable aid to your sister.”
“Perhaps I can be of assistance?” said the stranger from the forest, who had knelt over the dying boy with his bizarre words of encouragement.  Bayard gaped and the Keeper nodded in greeting, not seeming to care that the man had apparently walked through the wall.  He nodded a greeting to the Keeper and smiled at the boy’s perplexity, saying, “you shall see, and do, stranger things than that lad!  Why should a temporal wall hinder a man beyond Time?  You will soon grow used to such oddities, for it is a strange and wonderful world you have entered.”  The boy smiled awkwardly, but not without eagerness, as the man continued, “you have chosen to enter service with the Messengers, men beyond death yet still serving in the confines of the mortal world.  We serve wherever, whenever, and however our Master asks us to.  For now, your assignment is to protect your sister from those that would hinder or destroy her or her reign.”
Bayard nodded in anticipation as Garren continued, “however, you will have no power over mortal men.  We can warn, encourage, guide, direct, and teach mortals but we cannot overpower them or hinder them in anything they have decided to do or not do.  They must be allowed to make their own decisions and choose their own fate.”  
“Then what is the point of carrying a sword?” asked the flummoxed boy.  
Garren smiled at the boy’s consternation and said, “such a weapon is of no use against a mortal man, but there are other foes against whom it is quite effective, yet such fiends have their own weapons against us.  There are a number of undead creatures, men who have forfeited their souls to the Enemy in exchange for power, against which we are the only defense for mortal men.  Neither they nor we can be killed, as we are beyond death and theirs is a living death, but we can render each other injury and even banish them or be banished ourselves by a mortal stroke.  Undoubtedly some of these creatures will be sent to hurt or deceive your sister, but her mortal enemies are just as dangerous.”  
Bayard frowned in confusion, “I thought you said I was useless against mortal men?”  
The Keeper smiled, “you cannot injure them, but you will be able to keep your sister and her mortal protectors apprised of their plots, movements, and schemes.  You have the ability to remain unseen by mortal men, you require no sleep, you can move at unthinkable speeds, and walls will not hinder you.”  
Bayard snorted, “in other words, I am the perfect spy!”  The others shared a smile.
Garren said, “it is all overwhelming at first, but you will know what you must when you must.  If you have questions or just need someone to talk to, our fine Keeper here will be happy to oblige you.  You will likely see me, or others of our calling, from time to time, as well.  Any questions?”  The boy was wide eyed and shook his head in wonder.  Garren smiled broadly, clapped the lad on the back, saluted the Keeper, and vanished through the wall.  
The boy stared at the sharp-eyed man and asked, “how is it you know so much about all of this?”  
The Keeper smiled mysteriously and shrugged, “it is my business to know such things and to aid all who serve our Master and our Queen.”  
The boy said thoughtfully, “who or what are you?  The night my sister was brought to this city, you were not there initially but suddenly you were amongst the crowd of important men.  I was too focused on what was happening to my sister to notice aught else, but now I seem to remember a falcon on the Steward’s shoulder as he began the interview but the bird vanished the moment you appeared amidst the throng.”
The Keeper bowed to the boy, “as I know your secrets, I shall entrust you with mine.  I am more than three hundred years old and have served the former Royal Family in this capacity since I was little older than yourself.  You were given the Water of Life upon the verge of death, I sought it out and drank it in the prime of health and youth.  You have passed beyond death and time while I have simply avoided the depredations of either, but in so doing, I have cut myself off from the race of men, and like you, have become wholly a servant of our Master.  You are a man of action, I, a student of wisdom and lore; we can each serve the Kingdom in our own peculiar fashion.  Your sister, however, must soon choose her own Keeper, for my service to her shall not be long, but afterwards there shall be other tasks appointed to me.”  
Bayard asked, “why can you not continue on in your current capacity?”  
The Keeper shook his head, “tradition I suppose, for each time the dynasty changes so does the Keeper.”  
“How does one go about becoming a Keeper?” asked the boy.  
The Keeper mused, “first the Queen must choose for herself a man faithful to the Master, then he must agree to the perilous quest that lies before him and be willing to forsake the trappings of a normal life, and then he must survive the adventure.  In doing so, he is granted a reprieve from death, aging, and disease, wisdom beyond mortal capacity, and eyes as keen of observation as those of a hawk, but not only the eyes, but also the ability to become such a bird at need, a strange habit, but one quite useful on occasion.”  
“Certainly a strange but useful occupation,” concurred the boy, “but what is this journey you speak of?”  
The Keeper continued, “it is a long and arduous trek to the River of Life, which flows out of the Great Mountains that border Paradise itself.  ‘Over the hills and far away,’ as the old tales have it.  If he survives the journey, there are still many perils in the foothills that he must overcome, and having survived that and still remaining faithful to our Master, he may then drink of the River and enter this unique service.”  
Bayard smiled, “what comes of a retired Keeper?”  
The man laughed, “we do not retire lad, we either take some other needful assignment or we pass over the Mountains and enter Paradise, much as your comrades are free to do when they tire of this mortal sphere.”  
Suddenly a thought entered Bayard’s mind and he said respectfully to the Keeper, “something has suddenly occurred to me and I think I had best act upon it.”  
The Keeper smiled and said, “trust your intuition lad, for such insight is not like a mortal hunch, but is sent by our Master to guide us in our service to Him.”  The boy grinned, bowed respectfully, and dashed from the room.  The Keeper watched him go and then summoned a waiting servant, sending the man off at a run with a message for the Queen.

Bayard made his way to the dungeons at a trot, which made many of the more sophisticated residents of the castle stare after the young prince in some astonishment at his complete lack of decorum.  He came to the deepest and most dreadful level of the castle (it was only relatively dreadful, when compared to the rest of the castle, and certainly not the least bit appalling when compared to most other dungeons in the history of the world).  Outside the most secure and deepest room in the castle stood the Captain of the Guard and one of his most faithful lieutenants.  They bowed respectfully, if a bit confusedly, to see the young prince in such a place, especially as the boy asked, “anything amiss gentlemen?”  They assured him that all had been quiet save the continued protests of the prisoners.  Bayard then asked if he might have a word with the accused.  The guards exchanged another perplexed look but opened the door (quite unnecessarily) and allowed the boy to enter.  The prisoners looked up in anticipation and dread as the outer door swung open and gaped in surprise to see the uncanny boy enter the tiny antechamber outside their cell.
“What do you want?” snarled the General, “Have you not caused us enough trouble for one day?”  
Bayard grinned, “are you not the ones who thought to permanently importune me this very morning?  I would think you had brought all of your troubles upon yourselves.”  
“He does have a point,” quoth the advisor, which earned him a hateful look from his companion. 
The General hissed, “we would not be in this predicament if the boy had laid down and died as he was supposed to have done.”  The man frowned, “how did you survive, anyway?”  
The boy shrugged and smiled enigmatically, “providence, I suppose.  Now what of you?”  
“What of us?” snarled the General, “It is not as if we will get out of this alive.”  
The boy nodded, “no, but you need not face eternal darkness.  At least you have a choice in what comes after death.”  
“They certainly do!” snarled a dark robed figure that had suddenly appeared in the room, eliciting gasps from the two men in the cell.  Bayard reached for his sword but the Wraith was far quicker, the boy had no sooner moved towards his weapon than he found himself engulfed in black flames that consumed him utterly.  The prisoners trembled in terror as the creature continued, as if the boy had never been, “you can die at the hands of these self-righteous fools or you can gain power enough to destroy all of your foes.”  
The advisor shuddered and said, “I want no part of you or yours, whatever or whoever you are.”  
“Very well,” hissed the dark magician, it spitted the General with a stare, “and what of you?”  
The man smiled eagerly, “I greatly desire to know more of this of which you speak.”  Its dreadful smile caused both men to shudder.  
When the boy did not emerge in a timely fashion and no further noise came from within, the Captain opened the door and gasped in horror.  One of the prisoners lay dead, his throat ripped out, while the boy and the General had vanished without a trace.  He slammed the door and the two guards ran to find the Queen.

Bayard awoke on the bank of a great river, whose source lay somewhere amidst the hoary peaks that marched in solemn ranks to the horizon.  All about were pleasant green hills covered in meadowlands, dotted with ancient and splendid trees.  The Great Mountains towered over everything and the River flowed at their feet, separating the hill country from the mighty peaks.  The air was so fresh and the light of such a quality that he felt he might be the first man awakening to see the dawn of the world.  He stood slowly, shuddered in remembrance of that vile flame, and then continued to gaze about in awe.  His reverie was interrupted by Garren’s sudden appearance.  Said he, “one never gets tired of looking upon this lovely place, but we have more to do than sightsee.  You are needed back at the Castle.  Take the vial from your pocket and fill it in the River, your brother will soon have need of it.”  
Bayard felt in his pocket and was not surprised in the least to find an empty vial as Garren had anticipated.  As he filled the container with water, he said, “I had thought Kyan well suited to the office of Keeper.”  
Garren nodded, “that he is, but there is little time for accomplishing this in the usual fashion.  Come.”  The boy nodded grimly and returned to Garren, only then noticing the fabulous creature that stood at his shoulder.  A great, winged horse tossed his head eagerly to be off, rearing in anticipation.  The boy glanced questioningly at Garren, who said, “a Pegassi, the wings of the Messengers.  We are each paired with such a creature eventually, but for now we must render you aid or you shall have to walk.”  The boy grinned and eagerly leapt aback the wondrous creature behind Garren.
With a single sweep of his wings, the world spun and resolved itself into the Keeper’s familiar study.  The Queen and Kyan had just entered and made their greetings to the Keeper, all seemed oblivious to their presence but a slight glint in the Keeper’s eyes told the Messengers that he could see them, though the others could not.  They stood silently by as the Queen asked, “what would you have of us Keeper?  Your message sounded quite urgent.”  
The Keeper bowed deeply and said, “Majesty, my service to you must soon be at an end.  You must select a man faithful both to yourself and the Master to serve in my stead.  He must also be a man thirsty for wisdom and eager to learn.”  
She gasped, “why can you not continue in your current post?”  
He shook his head sadly, “it is not to be, my Lady, much as I might wish it.”  
She nodded in resignation and said, “I would have my brother aspire to such a post, but for his age and lack of learning.”  
The Keeper smiled in approval, “he is the one I would have chosen.  His age and limited education will not hinder him in his service to you, if such is his desire as well?”  He caught the excited boy’s gaze with his eagle eyes and said gravely, “should you choose to accept this position, you must be willing to forsake all the trappings of a normal life including children, marriage, a home, riches, fame, power, and your own dreams and aspirations.  Your life will belong to the Master first and then to the Queen.”
The boy bowed his head in submission, “I am willing to forsake such things if I may be of use to our Master and my sister.  What must I do?”  
The Keeper continued, “an arduous and deadly journey lies before those that seek this service.  The very journey may claim your life and will certainly test your faith.”  
The boy nodded, “I will endure what I must.”  
The Queen looked at the Keeper in some concern, “will you stay in my service until Kyan returns from such a quest?”  
The Keeper nodded, “this is a perilous time to leave you without such assistance Highness, I will not quit your service until your new Keeper has assumed his duties.”  
“Very well,” said she, “I have pressing business to attend to and I am sure you have much you wish to impart to my brother.  Kyan, please see me before you depart.”  She smiled warmly at them both and left the room.  
The moment she was gone, the two Messengers and the Pegassi became visible to Kyan, who gasped at their sudden appearance, especially at the sight of a Pegassi indoors.  Kyan said in astonishment to his brother, “how did you get here?  Why is there a horse in the Keeper’s study?”  
The Pegassi snorted, “I am no horse, lad.”  
Kyan looked on the verge of fainting, but the Keeper took him firmly by the shoulders and said, “I know you spoke truly before the Queen lad, but are you truly ready to forsake a mortal life and embrace this service with your whole heart?”  
The boy nodded grimly, “I shall do whatever I must.  What of this journey that lies before me?”
Garren spoke, “there is no time for the usual testing of such a candidate.  Normally, you would cross the distant hills in search of the River of Life, but you have already proved your faithfulness in accompanying your sister on a journey you thought could end only in death.  We have brought the River to you, as it were, for time is short.”  The boy’s eyes widened even further, if that was possible.  He looked questioningly at his brother, who nodded in encouragement and drew a small vial from his pocket and handed it to the Keeper, who bade the boy kneel.  
The boy went to his knees in wonder as the Keeper formally intoned, “by drinking of this Water you forsake the mortal sphere, with all its joys and attendant sorrows, to serve your Master in whatever capacity He sets you.  Hereafter you shall be called a Keeper of Lore, Wisdom, and Truth and serve your Queen with a true and fervent heart, but the Master above all.  Do you so agree?”
The boy nodded earnestly and the Keeper gave him the vial, which he took with trembling hands.  He gave the Keeper a nervous look but the man only smiled and urged him to drink.  The boy did so and suddenly his mind and eyes were opened to things long hidden from mortal thought and sight.  He knew himself utterly changed physically as well.  He shared a wondering smile with the Keeper and then with his brother, who approached at a run and slapped him eagerly on the back.
Garren bowed deeply to the elder Keeper and said, “your next quest awaits my friend, shall we be off?”  
Kyan paled, “you are leaving already!”  
Kerloth smiled deeply, “fear not my dear Keeper, you shall know what you must, when you must.  Besides, your brother can certainly assist you, as he has been at this nearly twelve full hours.  Farewell my friends!”  He raised an arm in farewell, climbed aback the Pegassi, Garren followed, and the creature vanished with a slight shifting of his great wings.  
Kyan stared at Bayard, “what is he talking about?”  
Bayard smiled in amusement, “you have already forgotten this morning?”  
Kyan grinned ruefully, “in all the strangeness of the day, I must admit that I had.  But I thought you came away from that little incident unscathed?”  
Bayard shook his head, “they were successful in their murder attempt but had failed to anticipate the Master’s far greater plan for their scheme.”  He then told the astounded Kyan the full tale.  
The boy laughed in wonder once all had been said, “and I thought I had had an interesting day!  But I must say, we are far more useful to our sister than we were when we awoke this morning.”  
Bayard smiled, “that is certainly true.  Hopefully between the two of us, we can assure her a long and peaceful reign.”  
Kyan said grimly, “we can keep foolishness and villains at bay, but it is fully dependent upon Kaya to reign as she ought or she shall be cast down as the former rulers were.”  Bayard nodded his somber agreement.

Kaya had barely left the Keeper’s study when the Captain of the Guard met her in the corridor with one of his soldiers, said he, “Lady, where is your brother?”  
She said, “in the Keeper’s study, why?”  
The man glanced at his lieutenant and said, “go fetch the Steward, this will not be easy.”  The man saluted and dashed off, as the captain continued, “I fear there is something dreadfully amiss with your brother or the fiend that has taken on his likeness.  I will say more once the Steward comes.”  The man was not long in coming, but the captain dismissed his underling with strict orders to remain silent on what it was he had seen.  Once the junior officer was gone, the captain resumed, “the young prince came to visit the prisoners, and though his request seemed strange, we allowed him into the cell without question.  When next I looked into the room, the boy and the General had vanished while the other prisoner lay dead with his throat torn out quite gruesomely.  There is some fell witchery at work and I fear the young prince is either the perpetrator or has fallen afoul of it.”  
The Queen shook her head in horror, tears welling in her eyes, “it cannot be so!  I just left Kyan with the Keeper, he has been with me all afternoon.”  
The Captain said grimly, “it is Bayard of whom I speak.  I interviewed the prisoners and they were quite sure the boy was dead when they brought him back this morning.  The hole in his tunic and the blood would also testify to terrible wounds beneath the fabric, but the lad was unscathed.  Something is quite amiss, my Lady!  Come, let us see what the Keeper has to say upon this matter, at least we can make sure that your other brother is safe.”  She nodded grimly and motioned for him to take the lead.
They knocked and entered when a voice called, “come.”  
The captain froze upon entering the room, seeing no sign of the Keeper but finding Bayard within.  The Queen ordered the man to allow her into the room, but he stuttered, “no Majesty!  It is not safe!”  
Kyan shook his head in amusement and called to the Steward and his sister, “you might as well come in, it is quite safe and perhaps we can even answer some of the riddles that terrify you.”  Knowing that there was little hope of escaping the fiend, if fiend he was, the Captain relented and made room for the Queen and Steward to enter the chamber.  
“Where is Kerloth?” asked the Queen, as she glanced about the study, “He was certainly here only moments ago.”  
Kyan answered, “he has withdrawn from your service Majesty and left for his next assignment.”  
She gasped, “but he said he would not leave until…”  
Kyan nodded, “it seems I have taken his position far sooner than either of us realized was possible, but so it is.”  He bowed deeply, “I am at your service Highness.”  
The Steward frowned at the boy for a moment, nodded to himself, and then said to his Queen, “my Lady, his eyes!”  
She looked upon her brother as if she had never seen him before, she had noticed something different about him but in all the excitement had failed to discover what.  A slight gasp escaped her, for Kyan’s eyes had taken on the same penetrating gaze that had minded her so much of an eagle’s whenever she had looked deeply into Kerloth’s eyes.  She nodded, “so it is.”  She then said grimly, “as my Keeper, you are able to tell a lie when it is spoken.  The Captain brings terrible news, if true.”  
The Captain looked slightly affronted when his Queen implied he might be mistaken but said as boldly as he could, “I speak no lie, my Queen.  There is an evil Warlock loose in the realm and I fear it is your elder brother.”  
Kyan gave Bayard a perplexed look, but to everyone’s surprise, his only answer was an amused laugh.  “Please tell us what you have seen, Captain,” said Kyan, now frowning at his brother in consternation, wondering what he found so amusing in the Captain’s terror.  The Captain told what he had seen and Kyan agreed that the man spoke truly.  
Then all eyes turned to Bayard for his answer.  He said with a thoughtful smile, “so that is what came of the matter.”  
The Captain frowned, “what do you mean?  How could you not know what came of it?”  
Bayard snorted, “you are right to assume that some fell witchery was worked within your dungeon Captain, but you are wrong in assuming it was of my doing.  I am no more a worker of foul spells than you are.”  
The Captain stared at the boy, “then how is it you survived your encounter with those villains this morning?  How did you get out of the dungeon unseen?  Where is my missing prisoner?”
“Good questions all,” said Bayard.  He glanced at his brother questioningly and the boy nodded, it would be best if everyone present knew how matters stood.  Began the Messenger, “there was a vile sorcerer in your dungeon Captain, he appeared and disappeared via his foul witchery.  So too did he spirit away one of your prisoners and also rid himself of me.  The missing prisoner must have agreed to go with the creature while the dead man apparently refused and was killed for his temerity.”  
The Captain’s frown deepened, “how is it you live to tell this tale if you fell victim to this supposed sorcerer’s terrible spells?”  
Said Bayard grimly, “a man need die only once, he cannot die twice.  You are right in supposing I should have perished this very morning, for so I did.”  The three mortals took a step back in terror, but the boy continued, “yet still do I serve our Master in this mortal sphere, more precisely, I am to protect the Queen from the likes of such creatures as that which appeared in the dungeons this day.  I cannot again taste of death, but some of the creature’s spells can drive me away for a time.”  
The Captain shuddered, “why have you returned from the grave to haunt us?”  
Bayard laughed, “courage man!  I am no ghost or wandering spirit.  I am fully myself, just beyond the reach of Time and Death and here at our Master’s behest.  Besides, you have nothing to fear from me, even were I capable of acting on some whim of my own.  I cannot harm a mortal man.”
A slight smile crossed the Captain’s face as he stepped forward and said, “care to prove it?”  
Bayard grinned, “gladly.  Hold out your arm.”  The man eagerly extended his wrist and Bayard’s sword should have severed the proffered limb, but his weapon might as well have been woven of moonbeams for all the harm it did.  The Captain laughed in joy and relief; the Queen and Steward just stared in wonder at the common seeming boy before them.  
The Captain then clutched the boy’s shoulder and said, “what if I try to manhandle you?”  
Bayard grinned, as suddenly, the Captain’s firm grip lost its hold on anything substantial, the boy replied, “you may only do so for as long as I allow it.”  
Kaya finally spoke, tears tingeing her voice, “then I have lost you, my brother?”  
Bayard took her hand and kissed it, “nay Lady, we shall not be parted by anything but your own unfaithfulness, for I am now fully in the Master’s keeping and only in sundering yourself from Him can we truly be parted.  Death holds no sting for us, assuming we are ever faithful.”  
She smiled deeply and embraced both of her brothers.  Then she turned to her servants and swore them both to secrecy.  
A thought suddenly occurred to the Captain, “what came of the missing General?”  
Bayard shook his head, “he will return an undead minion of evil, for power has he sacrificed his soul.”  There was a communal shudder at these grim words.

Bryant’s mind raced as he swung the ax, perhaps more forcefully than was needed to split the meager log before him, but he needed to vent his frustration and confusion somehow, ere he went mad.  How could the girl be such a fool?  And her brothers too!  Faith was certainly a charming idea, but it mattered little in the real world.  He had rather liked Bayard and considered him a sensible lad, but why could he not convince his sister of her own idiocy?  It was certainly a noble gesture, to follow your sister to her death, but honor was about as useful as faith in such circumstances: a nice idea but of no practical use when trouble threatens, save perhaps to get oneself killed.  The boy sighed, laid down his ax, and began to gather up the scattered pieces of wood.  He looked up in surprise when a stranger handed him a chunk of firewood, saying, “you can certainly swing an ax lad!”  
The boy took the wood and said with some irritation, “you would swing it just as hard if you had to tolerate the idiocy that passes for wisdom in this place!”  Garren raised a questioning eyebrow and the boy continued, as he made his way back towards the house with the stranger beside him, “my fiancé and her brothers decided they had rather die than renounce a few old myths they held dear.  For all I know, they have been cold in their graves for weeks now.”  Garren smiled to himself, this remote corner of the Empire had not yet heard the news that a new Queen had been crowned, not that it made any difference in their simple lives.  He idly wondered if they even knew the old King had been dethroned and his two rebellious sons had fought unsuccessfully for the throne.  Short of civil war upon their very doorstep, Garren doubted they knew anything of or even cared about matters beyond their village.
Said he, “what came of the lady?”  
Bryant shrugged, “she was marched off by a troop of soldiers, she and her brothers.  We have not seen or heard of them since.”  
Garren said thoughtfully, “soldiers?  The King’s men?”  
Bryant shook his head, “I have no idea to whom they belonged or if they were merely brigands.”  
Garren continued, “a new Queen was crowned not long ago.  It was said she came from some forgotten village upon the verge of the frontier.  She is said to have two brothers who refused to let her venture alone into the wild unknowns of civilization.  All three are said to be quite stubborn about their chosen faith.”  
Bryant dropped his wood though he was only halfway to the house, “it cannot be!?!”  He continued in wonder, “but yet it must, it cannot be coincidence.  I could be King!”  
Garren placed a restraining hand on the boy’s shoulder but he brushed it aside impatiently, “let me be!  Thank you for your timely information, but I really must be going.  I have no time to lose!”  
“Wait, lad!” came Garren’s plaintive cry, but the youth had already dashed towards the house and was readying to leave, thinking he had found his fortune at last.  
The youth soon hastened back, an ancient but sturdy horse in tow, asked he, “how do I get to the capital?”  
Garren smiled amusedly, “I suppose the least we can do is accompany you.”  
“We?” asked the boy.  Garren shook his head and motioned towards his Pegassi, who looked a normal horse.  The boy sighed, “just do not expect me to treat your horse like a person, I suppose if you are alone in the saddle for days on end you start to believe the beast can think, but I am and ever shall be a man of reason and suffer no such fancies.”  The Pegassi snorted his amusement but refrained from comment.
They rode on for some days, Garren telling many a tale to the starry eyed boy who already began to think of himself as King of the Realm.  The boy enjoyed most of the stories but he wore a recurrent frown whenever the Master was mentioned.  Finally in frustration, the boy proclaimed, “are you trying to convert me on this miserable trip?  Have I not said I am a man of thought and reason?”  
“Rather unreasonable, I think,” said the Pegassi quietly to Garren.  
The man smiled at the comment but said blandly to the boy, “the Queen can in no way wed a man not fully bound to the Master.  I thought you would prefer to be prepared.”  
Snorted the boy, “and here I thought that legend was mere fancy!  You tell me it is true?  Or are all folk of that persuasion deluded fools?”  
Garren said thoughtfully, “it is only a fool who denies the Truth when it is plain before him.  But it is no fancy of mine or any other, for it has long been foretold that the Kingdom shall fall to pieces if those who rule are not faithful to Him who wrought the stars.  Kingdoms rise and fall, but He endures forever.”  
“We shall see,” said the boy in grim anticipation.
They finally entered the crowded streets of the city; Bryant had never imagined so many people or such grand architecture and soon it would all be his!  Garren felt a sharp pain in his back, gasped, and suddenly vanished; the Pegassi disappeared just as suddenly in pursuit of his fled master.  Bryant noticed none of this, as he gawked at everything about him.  He turned to say something to his companion, only to discover himself alone.  He frowned in consternation but continued on towards the Castle.  The boy drew rein before the gates of the castle, shivered upon sighting the guards, but gathered his courage and tried to press his case, but they ignored him and kept up their silent vigil, barring his way.  He would have their heads once he was King!  
A small hawk, perched upon the wall, eyed the boy curiously and then silently took wing.  Bayard shook his head in astonishment when he heard Kyan’s news and hurried to the gate, that he might have a word with the persistent Bryant.  The guards saluted the young prince and hurried aside that he might pass.  The boy said something to the guard nearest the gate, the man paled, but hurriedly ordered that the obstreperous youth without might be allowed within.  
“Finally!” snarled the exasperated Bryant and then his eyes fell on Bayard.  A patronizing smile grew on his lips and he said, “I see things have turned out quite well for you and yours.  I suppose your poor sister has been quite distraught at our separation?”  
Bayard ushered the boy into the castle and led him to the Keeper’s study where they might speak privately.  Once alone, the Messenger answered, “she was quite upset initially but has come to see the wisdom in breaking off the engagement.  She can only marry a man committed heart and soul to the Master.”  
“Rubbish!” groused the enraged youth, “I will see her myself!  And let us see what she shall say on the matter.  I will be King.”  
Bayard shook his head, “not with such a heart.”  
Bryant suddenly rose from his chair, struck Bayard across the face, and ran for the door, snarling, “I will find the girl and have her denounce such foolishness.  You will all rue the day you denied me my due!”  He vanished out the door and down the corridor.  
Bayard shook his head at the boy’s continued blindness, hid himself from mortal sight, and went in search of his sister, quick as thought did he move.  She was busy in the library with some of her advisors when Bayard suddenly appeared in the doorway, eagerly motioning for her attention.  She dismissed her advisors and once alone, Bayard approached and said, “Bryant is here, looking to rekindle the old flame.”  
She shook her head in wonder, “has he come to his senses?”  
He smiled sadly, “he has decided he should be King regardless of anything but his own selfish desires.”  
She nodded, “I suppose there is no getting rid of him, save to hear him out and tell him it can never be as it was?”  Bayard nodded and she sighed, “bring him here then.  The less the servants know, the better.”  The boy bowed and suddenly vanished.  Five minutes later, he ushered the winded Bryant into the library.  Kaya said gently, “I am sorry you have so troubled yourself on my account, but there can be nothing between us if your heart is not the Master’s.”  
“Enough!” snarled the enraged boy, “I will be King!”  
Bayard leapt between them and yelled, “run Kaya!”  
She did not hesitate, though wondered what he could do against such a foe, and then smiled to herself, Bryant did not know Bayard’s limitations!  Mad with rage, the furious youth struck out blindly at the fool who dared stand in his way while his lately beloved fled like a deer before the hounds.  Suddenly it dawned on the flustered youth that none of his strikes were injuring his foe.  He paled in terror but then reddened in fury, if the boy was not vulnerable to his wrath, perhaps he could not bar the way either.  
So it was that the enraged Bryant charged through the astonished Messenger and continued his pursuit of a Kingdom, but Kaya had already vanished into some distant corridor of the palace and was not soon to be found by one unfamiliar with the place, let alone one intent on doing harm to the Beloved Queen.  The guards had already been summoned and soon captured the arrogant boy and escorted him from the Castle.  He stood outside the gate in a foul mood, vowing his revenge.  He snarled under his breath, suddenly turned his back, and marched haughtily off into the town.  The little hawk watched silently from the parapet and wondered what would come of the boy in the days to come.

Garren found himself in that beloved vale through which the River flowed and over which the Mountains watched in majestic silence.  Wing, his Pegassi, stood nearby, patiently awaiting the man he had fetched countless times in like manner.  As the man climbed aback the great creature, he remarked, “I cannot abide Spies.  A Dreadlord is an even fight, a Wraith can be tricky with his spells but at least it is an honest confrontation, but Spies have no honor or courage!  Throwing a dagger from the shadows, turning men’s hearts to evil with eloquent half-truths, bribing or threatening those that will not be otherwise convinced, it all reeks of the worst forms of treachery.”  
The Pegassi turned his head and stared at his rider with one great eye, “is it not ridiculous to think minions of the Evil One should have any shred of decency in them?  Have they not utterly sold themselves into evil?”  
Garren smiled at his own absurdity and replied, “you are right, dear friend, but I despise Spies above all our enemies.”  
The Pegassi snorted, “I suppose you feel them beneath your notice and thus it stings the more when one triumphs over you?”  
Garren gaped, but there was more truth in that than he cared to admit.  He nodded ruefully, “one would think a Messenger above such pride!”  
A magpie swooped low and His ringing voice filled the valley, “it would be wise to remember that, child, for as long as you roam the mortal sphere you are still vulnerable to such petty temptations.  Remember Who it is you serve and why, and you shall easily triumph over such thoughts.”  And then He was gone.  The pair exchanged a joyous smile, always delighted whenever they experienced their Master’s presence.  Then they vanished upon their next mission.

The hounds had caught the scent and cried their eagerness to the hunters that followed.  The horses tossed their heads and flared their nostrils, eager for the chase.  The young Lord Tabor and his brother Melchar exchanged a look of sheer exhilaration as they reined their mounts in the direction of the baying hounds and urged the beasts to a gallop.  The two servants followed in close pursuit of their masters, less eager than they but still catching some of the thrill of the mad ride through the uncharted wildwood.  The exhilaration soon became terror as the eager cries of the hounds turned to terrified whimpers, yelps of pain, and desperate snarls that died away all too quickly into a deathly silence.  The boys tried to rein in their horses, but their enthusiastic chase had become a flight of pure terror.  The beasts reared, screamed, and fought their riders, trying desperately to run; they had caught the scent of whatever had attacked the hounds.  As the creatures approached, the horses went mad.  They flung their riders and dashed blindly off into the forest, save one that flipped himself over backwards, killing himself and the unfortunate servant that tried desperately to cling to his back.
Tabor tried to reach for his sword, but his arm would not respond as it should, only then did he realize it was broken.  He glanced desperately about, seeking some rescue from the unseen creatures that snarled and keened in the underbrush about them.  Melchar had risen to his feet, apparently unscathed save for a few bruises, looking very nearly eager for what was to come.  The surviving servant lay in a dazed heap where his horse had discarded him.  Tabor tried to rise to his feet, but Melchar had finally drawn his sword and held it pointed at his brother’s chest, rather than at whatever lurked in the undergrowth.  Tabor stared in astonishment and then frowned in fury at his brother’s treachery, he was not sure which hurt worse: the betrayal or his broken arm.  
Finally, one of the monsters emerged from the thicket and all thoughts save terror quickly fled Tabor’s mind.  The thing was wolfish in nature, but stood on its hind legs and was twice as tall and broad as the largest man.  Cunning sparkled in its predatory eyes and blood glistened on its terrible fangs.  “Well met,” snarled the beast at the treacherous lordling, “you will proceed?”  
Melchar’s eyes sparkled with eagerness as he said, “I will, but I would have my brother beside me, if he will?”  
The creature snarled softly at this slight change in their bargain but said, “very well, but will he?”
Melchar withdrew his sword, and Tabor struggled to his feet, as he demanded, “what are you talking about?  How could you betray me like this?”  
Melchar laughed, “is it a betrayal to involve you in a bargain that will grant us both power undreamed?  I risked everything in bringing this about, yet you call my success treason?  Will you join us?”  
Tabor shuddered, “who or what is us?”  
Melchar pointed at the monstrosity with his sword and smiled malevolently, “have you never heard of Werewolves?”  
Tabor took a horrified step back, “why would you align yourself with such foul creatures?”  
The beast snarled but Melchar continued grandly, “do you not know what we can gain by joining them?”  
Tabor shuddered, “do you know what you would lose?”  
Melchar shrugged, “my humanity perhaps?  My pity, my mercy, my weakness?  What is the loss in that?”  
“Well?” growled the beast.  
Melchar shrugged, “I shall continue, perhaps my brother will change his mind once he sees what is to be gained from all of this.  What must I do?”  
“Blood!” keened the whole pack of monsters, emerging from the brush, “Blood and death!”  Tabor wore a horrified expression, but Melchar did not seem to notice as he bent over the dazed servant and cut his throat.  The pack howled in eagerness and bloodlust.  
“Now your blood!” panted the leader.  Melchar slashed his palm with the bloody dagger and the pack howled the more.  
“Now our blood!” triumphed the wolfman, as he took the dagger and slashed his own palm.  
“Shake!” wailed the pack, reaching the peak of their excitement.  The two clasped their injured palms and the wolves went mad with delight; Melchar gasped in pain and triumph, clutched at his ribs, and crumpled to the ground.
He lay on the ground, writhing and gasping for some minutes and when he finally stood, the boy had become as hideous as any of the dreadful creatures about him.  He lifted his head and howled in triumph.  “What of him?” snarled the leader, pointing at Tabor.  
Melchar shrugged, “give him until morning to change his mind.  If he does not join us, he should at least provide a lovely breakfast.”  
Tabor shuddered and the wolves eyed him hungrily, but their bloodlust was quickly turned towards the two dead men and the horse that lay in the clearing.  Tabor turned his head aside and tried not to listen as the creatures gorged themselves, Melchar unflinchingly joined them.  Once fed, the pack moved a little deeper into the woods and bedded down for the night.  Tabor lay down exhausted but unable to sleep, a prisoner in the midst of the horrible creatures.  
Said the leader to Melchar, “if your brother decides to join us, he shall be sent after you, if not, then it is a pity you shall miss the feast.  The scout will lead you to the stronghold he has found.  You will take half the pack and strike terror into the heart of the Kingdom.  Never have our people been so bold as to attack anything but the fringes of civilization, but the time has come for such audacity.  Go.”  Melchar howled eagerly, and half of the creatures dashed after him into the night.  The leader snarled at Tabor, “tomorrow,” and then the rest of the creatures resumed their places for the night.
Tabor lay uneasily on the hard ground, trying to glimpse the few stars that managed to find their way through the thick canopy overhead.  All about him was dark as pitch.  He sighed deeply, almost wishing the creatures would have done with him and put an end to the physical torment of his arm and the empty cavern that was his heart.  
“Fear not lad, the Master has not forgotten you,” said Garren astride Wing, the light emanating from the pair deepened the shadows that lay outside the glow.  Tabor stared in wonder and horror, was the man trying to get them all killed?  Garren smiled in amusement and raised a hand that the boy might remain silent, and said, “they cannot sense us lad, there is no need for worry on that point.  Will you come?”  The boy nodded eagerly, quickly gained his feet, launched himself at Garren, and the trio vanished before the first wolf had had time to snarl his irritation at the boy’s fidgeting.  There was quite an uproar when they suddenly discovered him gone.

They reappeared in a night dark clearing with the stars bright overhead and a cheerful brook singing in the distance.  Exhausted and relieved, the boy fell into a deep sleep while Garren and Wing warded the night.  The boy finally roused from his much needed slumber and realized the whole thing had not been a dreadful dream.  Quavered he to Garren, “it is all true then?”  
Garren nodded, “yes, your brother’s betrayal, horrid transformation, and their intent to bring such evil into the heart of the Kingdom are no dream.  You can of course go home or wherever you will, but you could do much to counter this evil, serve your Master, and your country.”  
Tabor shivered, “how is a mortal man to triumph over such vile creatures?”  
Garren smiled, “it must be a mortal man for the creatures are mortal, though terrible and unnaturally strong, fast, and quick to heal, they can still die.”  
Tabor frowned, “you seem a warrior and well able to hide from their senses.”  
Garren laughed, “yes, but I am no mortal man.  I can no more hurt them than they can me.”  
Tabor sighed, “how then am I to counter such dread foes?”  
Garren smiled deeply, “now with that I can be of assistance.  Come!”  They mounted and vanished anew.  They stopped first at the Great River, where Garren bathed the boy’s injured arm, restoring it fully before the battle to come.  Next they appeared in a crumbling castle on a misty, cold morning.
Garren pointed off to the left and Tabor nodded, he could see the hulking shadow of one of the creatures keeping vigil in the cold predawn.  He slid from the Pegassi, drew his sword, and leapt upon the creature, who wailed piteously as the sword found his heart.  Upon death, the dreadful monster shrunk to the size of a mortal man, indeed he looked the farmer’s son he once had been.  Tabor shook his head sadly but quickly turned to Garren with a question in his eyes.  Said he, “the rest will be here by evening, you will ambush them and put an end to their terror.”  The boy’s eyes widened in astonishment, and Garren smiled, “you will not do so alone.  Farewell.”  The man vanished as suddenly as he had come, leaving the boy to prepare as best he could.
He had just finished burying the scout when the promised reinforcements arrived.  Bayard entered the ruin first, and once he saw that all was quiet, he motioned for the rest to follow.  Tabor crawled from his hiding place and stared at the men in wonder, somehow not believing his eyes or the vanished man’s promise.  The intruders reached for their weapons when they saw the furtive figure climbing out of the shadows, but relaxed to see their adversary was only a single boy.  Bayard walked up to the young man, saluted, and said, “I have brought two dozen of the Queen’s Guard as ordered.  They are yours to command.”  
Tabor stared at the boy, “me?  Command the Queen’s Guard!”  
Bayard grinned, “those are my orders.  Return to the Palace once your quest is successful.  Farewell!”  
Suddenly the boy vanished from mortal gaze but Garren and his Pegassi were patiently waiting for him.  Said the elder Messenger, “we need to get you horsed!”  
The boy smiled, “that would make my quest far easier.  How will he do?”  
Garren shrugged, “the Werewolves have no idea he is waiting for them.  If he keeps his wits about him, he should do well.  Come.”  The boy leapt aback the Pegassi and they vanished.  
Tabor meanwhile was setting his men in order.  He was aghast that the new Queen would trust him with such a venture, but this was not the first time he had led men into battle.  Each man hid himself around the perimeter of the old ruin and they waited with weapons at the ready.  Afternoon was fading into evening when they heard the creatures coming.  The sudden rushing sound stopped and a strange howl erupted in the distance, no doubt a query to the dead sentinel, but there could be no answer.  The men shifted nervously at their posts.  The query came again but the silence continued.  Undaunted, and unwilling to accept defeat before they had even begun, Melchar howled like a bugle ordering the charge and he and his minions rushed into the crumbling castle.
Bowstrings sang and then swords flashed in the fading light.  Men screamed and the beasts howled, but in the end, the creatures were overcome.  Tabor knelt over his dying brother, who gasped out in his agony, “it could have been wonderful but you have ruined it all…”  The boy shook his head sadly and averted his eyes as tears came unbidden.  One man lay dead, several were wounded, but all of the fiends had been overcome.  They buried the late monsters there in unmarked graves, an ignominious end for those who had thirsted after power and fame above all else.  Then they betook themselves to a more pleasant place deeper in the woods to pass the night.  
But they were not to pass the night undisturbed, for the vicious leader of the pack felt something amiss when the boy went missing and immediately set forth to warn the others.  He smelled the blood of men mingled with that of his own kind and knew he came too late, but perhaps some of the traitors had survived that they might have revenge.  His vengeful howl chilled all who heard it to the bone.  But Tabor had been uneasy that night and ordered his men aloft into the ancient trees that stood by the river where they had made camp.  Only moments after the last man was off the ground, did the chill howl fill the night.  The men fitted arrows to their strings and had not long to wait.  The battle was far worse this time, for the creatures were anticipating resistance and full of wrath, making them much harder to kill, but the men knew they must destroy these fiends else they would fall upon the innocent folk they had left behind.  
Tabor found himself facing the villainous pack leader, for the creature knew his scent and came for him immediately.  He worked his bow, but the three arrows protruding from the monster’s back already did not seem to hinder him.  The creature snarled in a vile language as he leapt into the tree after the wretched boy.  The boy dropped to the ground and the monstrosity followed.  He drew his sword and valiantly warded off the monster’s teeth and claws and finally managed to thrust the weapon through the beast’s chest.  It fell with a piteous whine and lay still.  Tabor collapsed beside it, gashed and bleeding from innumerable wounds, gasping for breath and trying to fight off the encroaching darkness.  The space under the trees was silent once more, save for the gasps, moans, and whines of the dying.  So did that vile race pass from the earth and lingered on only in legend.
As for the dead and dying men, a small carrion fowl was seen to walk among them.  As they lay there in their blood, the Magpie cocked His head first at this one and then at the next until all were accounted for.  For the One who had wrought them out of nothing, calling them back to life was a small thing indeed.  Each man grounded his swordpoint and knelt with head bowed over the hilt until the avian form was fully surrounded by reverent men.  Said the Magpie, “today, each of you is knighted into the Brotherhood of the Wolf.  Long may you faithfully serve Me and your Queen in this service.”  And then He vanished.  
The men lifted their heads and stared at one another in astonishment, it was some time before they realized there was no moon and yet they could see one another clearly.  They rose shakily to their feet and cleansed themselves in the river from the night’s slaughter.  They were a ragged and grim looking company when they emerged from the woods onto the main road later that day.  Their clothes were tattered and blood stained, scars covered face and limb wherever vile teeth or claws had struck.  They were still mortal men, but had taken on some of the attributes of their vanquished foes, including their strength, speed, agility, and superior hearing and keen sight.  Having glimpsed the shores beyond death, they no longer feared it and thus had become dreadful foes indeed.
As this ragged band of warriors entered the city a few days later, the folk abroad in the streets drew back in wonder and terror, never had they seen such men.  At the gates of the castle, they halted and the guards on duty took a few moments to recognize their comrades and for a moment were hesitant to let such men pass, but Bayard stood forth and ordered them aside that the men might enter victorious.  Relieved that the decision was not theirs, the guards stood back and let the motley band enter.  The Queen was there to meet them, as were the Steward, the Keeper, the Captain of the Guard, and all the prominent advisors, counselors, and nobility present in the castle that day.  Never had there been such a gathering since the day of the Queen’s arrival.  She greeted each man by name and thanked each personally for his sacrifice on behalf of herself and all the Kingdom.  
Then she came to Tabor and was at a loss, for she knew not his name.  He dropped his eyes abashedly and mumbled something about being a nobleman’s son and having fallen into this adventure quite inadvertently.  She laid her hand under his chin and lifted his eyes to hers and smiled deeply, “welcome and thank you, sir Knight.”  He flushed to his toes and bowed his head to hide his mystification.  
At the end of the welcome, Bryant burst into the courtyard and demanded of the Queen, “what have these rogues accomplished, that you deign to give them welcome in their filth and rags, when you would not even exchange words with the man you once claimed to love?”  
This gesture was far from wise, as the two dozen newcomers turned as one with swords drawn to confront the insolent fool who would dare address the Queen thus.  Bryant, seeing something dreadful in those stony eyes and grim faces, quickly fled and dared not approach the Queen again, but he would one day have his due or his revenge.  She had not seen the last of such a coward.  
She feigned not to notice his impolite words and continued as if he had never been, “please refresh yourselves and then we shall celebrate your victory!”
The servants quickly gathered up the ragged men and saw that they were properly scrubbed and outfitted before ushering them into the banquet hall that they might be sumptuously fed as well.  Tabor was escorted to the Queen’s table, as the Captain of the Band he was given this special honor.  She was even more pleased with him when she finally saw him clean and in decent clothes, though a dreadful scar crossed his face from left temple to right cheek from his encounter with the pack leader, Kaya privately thought it gave him a daring and rakish look.
They fell into easy conversation together and before dinner ended, she asked if he and his men would do her the honor of being her personal guard, to which there was quick and glad agreement.  After supper, there was a merry ball to celebrate the brave efforts of her men which lasted most of the night, but the Queen withdrew to the Keeper’s study for a private word with her closest advisors; she asked Tabor, as the captain of her bodyguard, to join them.  The Steward, the Captain of the Guard, and her brothers also appeared.  
Tabor stared at Bayard in the comfortable library after introductions had been made, gasped he, “you are the Queen’s brother?”  
Bayard bowed with a mischievous grin, “one of them, undoubtedly the least wise of the two.”  
Tabor said in some amazement, “but you…”  
Bayard grinned all the more, “have some strange habits?  Yes, but they are quite useful in Her Majesty’s service.”  
Tabor smiled, “I suppose they are.”  
The Queen smiled in amusement, but then turned to the Steward, who had suggested this council, he said rather gravely, “Majesty, you must marry.”  She looked at him in surprise, it seemed she had just arrived in this strange place and was still getting used to being Queen.  He continued, “the novelty of your reign has worn off and now the people will look to you to ensure a peaceful future which requires an heir to the throne.  It would also deter rapscallions like that fellow who interrupted this afternoon’s festivities.  You must seek a man loyal to the Master above all else, but I have a list here of other attributes that would be helpful in a potential King.”  He pulled a list several pages long from the folds of his robes and began to read it in a pedantic, monotone voice.
What seemed ages later, the Steward finished and she said, “you are right Steward, but how am I to find such a man?”  
The Captain said, “the usual routine is to hold balls, feasts, competitions, hunts, and the like until a suitable candidate is found.”  
She sighed, “it seems like we have just finished such a gauntlet in celebration of my ascension to the throne!”  
The Steward nodded, “it would seem the tedium must begin anew unless you can produce a suitable mate by some other means.”  
The Keeper and the Messenger had been speaking silently together whilst the Steward had been listing his preferred qualifications.  The Keeper suddenly spoke up, “perhaps our brave Knight would like to vie for our Lady’s hand?”  
Tabor paled, “me?”  
The Steward studied the boy with renewed interest, and the Captain nodded with a smile on his face as he said, “I think that a good idea.  I tire of all these festivities myself.”  
The Steward shook his head, “we hardly know the boy but I suppose we can at least give him a chance to prove himself.”  
Bayard looked at the man aghast, “what more must he do?  He has already proved himself faithful even unto death.”  
The Steward looked at the boy in surprise, “suppose he is not a very good dancer?”  
Kaya laughed, “that certainly would be a scandal!”  
Her merriment broke the growing tension in the room and even the panicked Tabor began to relax, said the boy, “my father at least should be consulted on the matter.”  
The Steward brightened considerably, appreciating the propriety of the statement, “I shall send for him immediately.”  

And so Lord Brockhurst of the Lower Marches was invited to the palace for an interview with the Queen.  Sensing the honor in such an invitation, the man wasted no time in packing his retinue and hastening to the Palace, though he could not imagine what had come of his sons, who should have attended him upon such an excursion, but he could not keep the Queen waiting whilst they tarried so set forth without them.  He did take his lovely, though selfish, daughter Clarissa with him, however, perhaps she could make an agreeable match, for it was said the new Queen had three or four handsome brothers.  They arrived and were received with due pomp and were gracefully greeted by the Queen.  After the formalities, they accompanied the Queen to a small dining room where they might partake of a light luncheon and become better acquainted.  She was attended by her usual advisors and two of the men from her bodyguard, but Tabor was intentionally absent, so as not to excite his father.
Melchar was the oldest and favorite son, then Clarissa, with Tabor being last in his father’s favor.  But while they awaited the esteemed Lord’s coming, Kaya had become quite fond of the young man and he of her.  Hosting his father was a mere formality as far as they were concerned, if anything, it would at least mollify the sometimes finicky Steward.  Said Brockhurst halfway through the meal, “I would have brought my sons along my Lady except they have disappeared.  They went hunting a week before your summons arrived and no one has seen them since.  I dared not keep you waiting so immediately set forth without them.”  
Said the Queen, “perhaps I can relieve some of your worry Lord Brockhurst, for it is on account of one of your sons that I have requested this audience.  He has rendered me great aid of late and has proven a most daring and loyal young man.”  
The Lord glowed under such praise, assuming it was his eldest who had gained the Queen’s attention and he hoped perhaps her affection.  Said he eagerly, “if you have word of my children, Highness, I would be pleased to hear the tale.”  
She smiled demurely at him and said, “as you wish.”  Bayard rose from her side and went to fetch Tabor.
The young man was standing in the hall, pacing nervously back and forth.  What was he to tell his father?  How would his father respond?  At Bayard’s appearance, the boy took a deep breath and said quietly to himself, “come you fool, facing your father cannot be worse than those murderous wolves!”  
Bayard smiled ruefully, “I do not know, the way your father carries on, he minds me of a great bear bereft of its cubs.” 
 Tabor gave him a plaintive look, “that is what I was afraid of.”  
Bayard laughed, “if you can master a wolf, you can certainly manage a bear.”  
Tabor shivered at the reminder, “but after the wolf I was gazing into the eyes of death.”
Bayard smiled wistfully at his own encounter, “then you have stared man’s greatest enemy in the eyes and lived to tell the tale, come, your father can be no worse.”  
Tabor sighed, “I suppose not.”  He followed Bayard into the dining room and all eyes watched the father’s reaction rather than the boy’s entrance.  The man was stunned, both in the changes wrought in the boy in the few weeks since their parting and that he was not Melchar.  
“Tabor?” gasped his father, “I was certain, Highness, that you spoke of my eldest son.  Where is your brother boy and where have you been all this time?”  
Tabor bowed politely, first to the Queen and then to his father, then he replied, “Melchar is dead father.”  
The man gasped, “how?”  
“By my hand,” said the boy, determined to be accused of neither cowardice nor deceit.  
The man rose in wrath and said gravely to the Queen, “it is bold indeed, Highness, to call this murderer of his own brother loyal or useful to the crown.”  
Kaya said in her most stately manner, “you have not heard the full tale, Lord Brockhurst.”  She motioned for the court bard to enter and he began a stirring ballad telling of the final battle and full end of that dreadful lupine race.  
Lord Brockhurst was quite touched by the song but stared at his son in disbelief, thinking it impossible that the storied hero and his useless son could be one and the same.  Sneered he at the boy, “I do not believe it was you.”  
Tabor sighed, “then so it must be my Lord.  Melchar struck a vile deal with the leader of the cursed creatures and became one himself, intent on bringing murder and strife into civilized lands.  In the fray that followed, it was my hand that struck him down though I would have had it be any sword but mine, but so it fell out.”  
The man blew out his nostrils, “I suppose it is possible, but this nonsense about you and your men lying dead and dying?  Complete nonsense!”
Tabor looked the man firmly in the eye and said, “you have never believed the stories mother used to tell of the Master and His ways, but it was He who gave us life when death’s cold hand held us firm in its grasp.  It is one thing to doubt me and my strength, but it is sacrilege to doubt the Master’s!”  
His father smiled in spite of himself, “you have become bolder at least.”  He turned to the Queen and bowed, as he stood to leave, “you must excuse me Majesty, I need some time to contemplate all that I have just heard.”  She stood and returned the courtesy; a servant came and led the man to his room where he might be alone for a time.
By the evening meal, Lord Brockhurst seemed recovered enough to join in the usual routine of an evening at the castle.  Clarissa had been busy surveying all the eligible bachelors and had been doing her best to attract the attention of those she deemed interesting.  Content that his daughter was doing her part, he then went to find his son.  He found the boy alone in one of the gardens and together they retreated to the Keeper’s study, where they might be alone.  Said the father to his son, “I sense some ulterior motive on the Queen’s part in sending for me, else she could have easily sent an elegantly worded letter.  She wants to make you King I think.”  There was an eager gleam in the old man’s eyes at this, though there was also much grief for his lost son.  
Tabor smiled in appreciation of his father’s cunning, “I have found favor in her sight father, and she in mine.”  
The man was quite keen to have one of his children a member of the royal family, he just did not expect it to be his least favorite.  Said he quietly, “this tale then, it is wholly true?”  The boy nodded and drew off his tunic.  The man gasped upon seeing the scars that crisscrossed the boy’s torso.  He had not borne them three weeks prior and no man gaining such injury in so short a time could hope to live, unless it were as a bedridden invalid for months to come.  These also were obviously the marks of tooth and claw not of sword or dagger.  As the boy dressed himself, the man said, “my eyes have seen the proof.  I still cannot quite comprehend that my eldest son is dead, but it was his own greed that led to his downfall and you only did what had to be done.  I wish you well with your Lady, she is quite a woman.  I hope your sister has equal luck.”
Tabor shook his head, “she is welcome to try but she will waste her charms on the Queen’s brothers.”  
The man looked surprised, it seemed his son had inherited some of his father’s cunning after all.  “What do you mean?” came his querulous reply, “Are they unworthy fellows or have they ladies of their own?”  
Tabor shook his head and said in amusement, “they have neither sweetheart nor dishonor, but they are both forbidden from marriage by their duties.”  
Brockhurst nodded, “I know the Keeper never marries and one has assumed that role, but what of the other?”  
Tabor shrugged, “his is a similar position.”  
Brockhurst did not look pleased, “I see,” was all he said.  They parted then and Brockhurst went straight to the Queen.  Said he without preamble, “marry the boy if you wish, but I do not think I shall be a regular visitor after this.  Farewell, Majesty!”  With a formal bow, he swept out of her presence.  As he withdrew, he said to Clarissa, “stay if you wish but I will be leaving as soon as the horses are saddled.”  
Clarissa wore a smoky smile and said to her father, “I find things quite interesting here, I shall linger for a time and see what comes of it.”  
“Good luck and forget the young princes!” said he as he lumbered out of the hall.  She wore a puzzled look and went to find her brother, wondering what insight he might have upon such a strange farewell.
She found Tabor in the garden once more and they sat together on a bench in the starlight, as she asked, “what did my father mean?”  
Tabor shrugged, “only that the Queen’s brothers are barred from marriage by their duties and positions, thus you would be wasting your charms if you chose to pursue them.”  
She sighed, “they were half the reason I chose to stay, but there are other worthy men about.”  
Just then, one of Tabor’s Knights came with a message for his captain from the Queen.  The man started to see a lady in his company but made the appropriate formality before continuing, “sir, the Queen wishes a word with you.”  
Tabor stood, said farewell to his sister, and bade the man lead on.  They entered the Keeper’s study wherein the Queen, her brothers, the Steward, and the Captain of the Guard were waiting.  Said she after the formalities were over, “your father has given his blessing, I believe even our dear Steward is satisfied, so what then are your wishes, sir?”  
Tabor knelt before the Queen and said, “to serve you in whatever manner seems best, my Lady.”  She smiled at his formality and bade him stand.  Now to set a date for the wedding!

Tabor’s name has been lost to history, which knows him only as ‘the Wolf King,’ but even as much as the Queen and sundry disliked unending festivities, so were they forced to endure again after the much anticipated wedding.  Bryant was perhaps the only person in the realm not overjoyed at the union.  He had taken a position as a stableman in one of the larger inns of the city while he tried to figure out what to do.  He would never be King so that left only revenge, but how when the Queen was so well protected?  The night of the wedding, most of the population was out celebrating, leaving the inn nearly empty.  The only occupied table held a single man who watched the preoccupied groom with interest over the rim of his mug, containing a nameless brew.  The preoccupied youth felt the eager eyes upon him and turned to stare indignantly at the presumptuous man sipping his ale.
The man met his gaze evenly and said, “come here lad, we must talk.  Perhaps we can be of use to one another.”  The boy sighed, shrugged, and made his way over to the table and took a seat.  He found the man’s offer quite interesting indeed.
The next day, arrayed as a Prince of the Realm, Bryant entered the castle proper unhindered, for the guards did not recognize the obstreperous youth in the visage of a young princeling among a thousand such come to celebrate the Queen’s recent nuptials.  It did not take him long to locate the new King’s flirtatious sister or for her to notice the richly dressed and quite handsome newcomer.  Her smile deepened as she left her previous companions and approached the young man, who was by far the most opulently appareled man present and thus must be the richest and therefore the most desirable.  He bowed formally and they quickly became acquainted and by day’s end, Clarissa was quite smitten with the faux Lord Bryant.  
There was so much swirl and activity, so many guests and well-wishers, that no one noticed another new face or Clarissa’s infatuation, as she was ever in the company of some young man or other.  The festivities gradually wound down, the visitors went home, the residents returned to their usual routine, and life returned to relative normalcy in the castle before anyone noticed that Clarissa had attached herself to a certain young man of unknown name and history.  The girl was quite eager to introduce her lover to the King, and soon hoped to formally enter the first circles of society within the realm with her faux prince at her side.  After all the recent hubbub, Tabor was quite eager for a quiet afternoon in the gardens with his sister and her new friend, he only hoped her taste in men had improved else it could be a tedious afternoon.  Tabor wound his way through the corridors, hastening to be on time for his sister’s appointment, irritated that the council had gone long thus making him late.  He was so preoccupied with his haste that he would have trampled his brother-in-law, had he not passed through the apparently insubstantial Bayard.  
Tabor came to a dead stop and turned to stare in wonder at the uncanny boy, who only grinned impishly at him.  The King shook his head, as if he thought he was seeing things, muttered something about being late, and continued his hasty march towards the gardens.  Bayard easily kept apace of the King and said nonchalantly as they jogged along, “I will accompany you, if you do not mind?”  
Tabor snorted, “I think there is little I could do to prevent you from coming, even if I wished it.  Why on earth would you want to hang about the gardens with my sister and her new love all afternoon, have you no more important things to attend to?”  
The boy shrugged, “I have no idea, but I know it is what must be done which means there might be more adventure in this meeting than any of us anticipate.”  Tabor shook his head again, quite tired of adventures of late, but did not slacken his pace.
They arrived in the gardens, Tabor was quite unkingly in being out of breath, but it was Bayard who suddenly gasped, though he neither wearied nor breathed, for he recognized the Lady’s new Lord.  Bryant, knowing himself recognized, knew he had little time in which to act but he also knew Bayard could do nothing to hinder him, save to turn the King against him, which would soon be an impossibility if the weapon worked as promised.  He produced an innocuous looking dagger from some hidden place and leapt upon the distracted King, who was exchanging pleasantries with his sister, but Bayard imposed himself between the King and the would-be assassin.  
All suddenly cried out, brother and sister in surprise, Bryant and Bayard in pain.  A crow sitting on the wall squawked in derision, “you fool!  You have missed your target!”  
“Help me!” shrieked the assassin from the ground, where he lay in agony, clutching his withered hand.  
Scoffed the bird, “such is the price of failure, you fool!  You were to strike the King, but alas you struck a creature outside of Time!”  Mocked the bird, “there is no help, you will die!”  It laughed all the more as it flew off.  
Clarissa had fainted in horror, Bayard lay bleeding and insensible, Bryant was lost in a writhing agony as the decay spread up his arm, and the King just stared in confusion and horror for a moment, before rushing to the side of his unconscious brother-in-law.
At the man’s touch, Bayard roused and winced in pain, staring down at his bleeding chest in astonishment.  The Magpie, perched in the place the crow had vacated, said in reassuring tones, “a close call that, but you have saved the King.  Had the dagger touched him, a mortal man, he would have been suddenly thrust into eternity but having touched you, who already inhabit that sphere, it has drawn you back into mortality and the recoil has doomed the assassin.”  He gazed sadly down at the withered and unmoving Bryant for a moment.  Continued He, “you shall resume your previous form when next you are mortally struck, but until then, you must continue your duties within the constraints of mortality.  Farewell!”  
Tabor and Bayard exchanged a mystified look and rose shakily to their feet.  Bayard leant heavily on Tabor for support and said, “things continue to get stranger by the day, but I suppose it means things shall never get dull.”  
Tabor shook his head in wonder, “a truer word has never been spoken.”  
Bayard sat heavily on a nearby bench while the King knelt beside his sister, trying to rouse her from her faint.  It was well that she never knew what came of her late beau, for now naught remained of him but a small pile of dust.  She slowly came to herself and looked about her in astonishment, never quite remembering what had happened in the minutes leading up to her faint and always wondering why her lord had run off in her moment of need, never to be seen more.  Soon after, she packed her things and hastily returned to her father, having had her fill of court and royalty for years to come.
Once his sister was safely in the hands of her ladies and maids, Tabor joined Bayard in the Keeper’s study, where the King found the boy dozing on one of the ancient sofas.  The boy roused when the King entered but did not rise and give the due courtesies, for he had not the strength.  Tabor sat across from him and asked, “mind telling me what all this is about?”  
The boy shook his head in astonishment, “I hardly know myself.”  He met Tabor’s gaze and said wistfully, “you looked death in the eyes and returned to tell the tale.  I was truly dead but allowed to linger on in the mortal sphere to aid my sister, unable to touch or affect the mortal but a deadly foe to the undead minions of evil.  As such, the constraints of Time and Mortality had no hold over me, but that weapon, whatever it was, has apparently rendered me mortal once more.  Though I am still unable to affect or injure anyone or anything within the mortal sphere.  It is more a nuisance than anything else, for my mission and duties remain unchanged.”  He yawned, “I forgot what it was to be exhausted and to endure bodily pain.”  
Tabor shook his head, “I shall let you rest then, if you are not in need of further aid?”  Bayard murmured something drowsily but was soon lost to sleep.  Tabor quietly vacated the room and left the boy to his slumber.

The Queen of course, knew nothing of her brother’s recent adventures and was likely to remain unawares indefinitely.  Bayard was now very much at home in the Keeper’s study, taking his meals and rest therein.  He still attended to his duties as much as mortality would allow, but as he could not ward the Queen as efficiently as he must, Garren was dispatched to attend to the matter while Bayard was indisposed.
A week into this new arrangement, Bayard broached to the King, “would you care to accompany me on a little excursion?”  
Tabor eyed the boy curiously, but eagerness tinged his voice, “and what would this minor foray entail?”  
Bayard grinned, “there is a village a day’s ride from here that is hosting its annual horse sale; it is renowned throughout the empire for its fine stock.”  
Tabor stared at the boy, but a slight smile graced his lips, “there is no horse in the castle stables to suit you?”  
Bayard smiled enigmatically, “your beasts are fine enough no doubt, but I have a very strong desire to see what else may be lurking in your Kingdom for well bred equines.”  
“Very well,” laughed the King, “we shall go, for I am in dire need of a short break from all the ceremony and pomp of this place.”  
The Queen gave her blessing to the adventure but not without wondering what the pair was really up to.  They rode off within the hour, clad as unassuming peasants, eager for a few days of anonymity.  Bayard had an ulterior motive but he as of yet had no idea what that could be, but the mystery added extra zest to their excursion.  For the first time in months, he felt a simple boy again with the whole world open before him, unfettered by the cares and duties of maturity and real life.
The King was quite relieved when Bayard suggested that they go alone, forsaking all guards, servants, and advisors.  It would be an adventure indeed and a much needed break from the formality of palace life.  He was rather fond of his brother-in-law and it was rather exciting to have, at least for the moment, the curtains of eternity and duty drawn aside that they might simply be two boys abroad on some frivolous jaunt.  The ride to the village was pleasant and uneventful but there was no place for them at the inn, for people had come from all corners of the realm for the morrow’s extravaganza.  They rode a few miles out of town and finally found a secluded place to spend the night, even the woods and fields about the village were swarming with strangers come for the festivities and impatiently awaiting the morrow.  They woke early and joined the throng that descended upon the little village for the much anticipated sale.  
Said Tabor as they found a place to stand amongst the eager buyers, curiosity seekers, and vagrants, “I brought little money, I hope you were not planning on being able to afford even the worst of these nags?  With this crowd, nothing will go cheap.”  
Bayard nodded, “I may do a little bidding, but only on a very special beast and should I win, you will not need to pay for it.”  
Tabor arched an eyebrow, “there is more in this than a jaunt to the country then?”  
Bayard grinned, “there always is, the Messengers are not known to go on pleasure tours.”  Tabor shook his head and turned his attention back to the ring where the first beast was being put through his paces.
The day grew warm and the bidding fierce, but there seemed no end of horses offered for sale and those willing to spend a fortune on them.  They truly were each of the finest breeding Tabor had ever beheld outside the castle stables.  As evening drew on, the final specimen was brought forth and Bayard’s attention was brought keenly to bear on the bedraggled creature.  He was caked with mud and sweat with innumerable burrs and sticks hopelessly entangled in mane and tail.  His entire body was covered with scratches and lacerations from whip and branch.  But beneath it all, was the finest specimen of equine descent that man had ever beheld.  Bayard knew this creature was of no mortal stock yet like himself, the poor creature had been reduced from his once glorious form.  
The onlookers were both awed and dismayed, who would sell such a fabulous horse or allow the poor beast to be paraded about in such a condition at this auspicious gathering?  The creature’s behavior in the ring confirmed that his temperament was quite bad, despite his astounding beauty.  He reared and screamed, struck out at the attendants, and tried desperately to escape the pen in which he found himself.  There were few fool enough to want such an unmanageable creature, despite his beauty.
Bayard found himself bidding against a smartly dressed and loathsome feeling gentleman not very far from where he and the King stood.  The bidding was fierce and the price reached beyond the comprehensible, but Bayard’s adversary showed no sign of concern that he might lose his prize, for even as he offered an even more ridiculous price, he stroked the hilt of his sword and gave his foe a threatening look, but the boy heeded him not and countered the already insane price with a new offer of his own.  Tabor looked at the boy askance, wondering if he would have to ransom the Kingdom to pay for this disheveled horse, which his brother-in-law seemed determined to own at any price.  
Finally, the cry of ‘sold’ rang out and Bayard was triumphant at a truly hideous price, but the vile gentleman was not dismayed, he simply drew his weapon and approached the victor as the onlookers drew back in terror.  Bayard faced his foe calmly with his own sword in hand.  The Spy sneered at the boy, knowing the child could not triumph over such as himself.  He had at first feared a disguised Messenger but the sweat on the lad’s brow showed he was not of such vaunted stock; this would be an easy victory.  Their swords met and the loathsome gentleman found himself quite grievously mistaken.  He squawked once in dismay and vanished in a flutter of feathers as Bayard found his mark.  But how to pay for the horse?  
Tabor said nervously, “you had better make a run for it, your little spectacle has brought the guard and I do not think you will have an easy time explaining this!”  
Bayard nodded, smiled a farewell, and dashed off into the crowd with the guards hot on his heels.  The place was in uproar and the boy tried to lose himself in the chaos, but his pursuers were not easily thrown off his scent.  He jumped the fence and landed in the pen with the wild horse he could not afford.  The beast glared at him for his insolence in entering the enclosure while the guards stood outside the fence and wondered if the boy was mad to trust the beast over themselves.  
Said the boy quite unconcernedly, “do you want to get away from here?”  The horse’s ears pricked up in wonder but he said nothing.  The boy dashed to the gate on the far side and opened it as he said, “I too need to get away from here.  Perhaps we could make our escape together?”
The creature’s wrath was soon dissipated by his sense of the ridiculous and his desperation to get away.  He nodded once, paused long enough for the boy to launch himself onto the great back, and then dashed madly out the open gate.  The guards exchanged an astonished look, wondering what sort of magician they pursued and raced to find their own mounts lest the fugitives escape.  The great horse led them on a merry chase out of town, bucking and frisking in his joy to be free.  The minor problem of one of the children of men clinging to his back could be dealt with later, but for now he meant to leave the rest of humanity far behind him.  
He wondered at the strange turn of fate that had brought him from the glorious hills of Paradise to this veritable desert, burdened with one of the least desirable whelps of mankind when he might have borne a warrior far more glorious.  He sighed heavily, ceased his frisking, and continued his flight.  He was already weary from the fight to free himself from those who first caught him and brought him to this terrible place.  He should have left the mortal horses far behind but they were dangerously close.  Close enough that the arrows of their pursuers occasionally whizzed by at an uncomfortable distance.  A sudden outcry from the boy announced that one had found its mark but the horse raced onwards even so.  
The boy said in an agonized voice, “remember your Master.  He will forgive.”  He swayed, lost his seat, and fell unmoving on the road.  
The horse was too astounded by the boy’s parting words for a moment to realize that he had lost his passenger, but then he stopped abruptly and turned to watch their pursuers draw rein about the prone form on the highway, lift the insensible boy aback one of their weary mounts, and ride away.  The horse blew out his nostrils in frustration.  What was he to do?  Redemption?  The thought had never occurred to him that he would be in need of or able to take advantage of such an idea!  But here he was, as fallen a mortal as any man and in just as much need of forgiveness.  But what of the boy?  Surely they must have a good reason for chasing him down like a wounded stag, if he did not die of his injuries he would certainly be found guilty of some hideous crime.  What could he do about it anyway?  All he could do was end as a prisoner again.  He took one step, meaning to turn around, but a sudden gust of terror froze him mid-stride.
A gruesome warrior sat aback a reptilian horse, sword in hand.  When the Spy had failed, His Fell Majesty had dispatched a Dreadlord to secure such a valuable commodity as a fallen Pegassi.  The horse shivered, knowing to his bones that he should be fighting such a foe unflinchingly, but his mortal flesh quailed under that dreadful gaze.  Creaked the monster like the doors of death, “flee you wretched creature, flee!  My master will have you wherever you run.  It will go better for you if you come quietly and surrender to his will.  He has great plans for you, my foolish nag.”  
Knowing himself doomed, the wretched creature cried out to his Master for forgiveness and redemption as he fled after the boy.  The Dreadlord laughed and turned his grim beast after his fleeing prey.  The retreating guards turned in their saddles at the sudden thunder of hooves behind them; their horses bucked and screamed upon scenting the Dreadlord and his vile mount.  They did not fight their more sensible mounts and let the creatures bear them away in terror, but in the chaos, their prisoner fell once more to the ground and was not missed in their fright.  Erian dashed to where the boy lay and nudged him urgently with his nose.  
Bayard groaned and rolled onto his side, feeling a thrill run through him at sight of the Dreadlord.  He reached for his sword and asked of the horse, “care to put an end to this menace?”  Erian snorted in astonishment at the suicidal boy but decided it was better to die fighting than being cut down while you ran.  He knelt down beside the wounded boy, allowing him to mount.
The Dreadlord patiently sat his mount and curiously watched the antics of the strange pair.  Once the boy was horsed, the Dreadlord raised his sword and charged.  Erian and Bayard screamed a challenge and met the vile warrior with their own charge.  A single stroke was enough to cleave the foolish pair in two.  His master would not be pleased to lose such a prize, but the creature would not submit so his only alternative was death.  He smiled with grim pleasure upon his handiwork, turned his beast, and rode off upon other errands.  Death seized the boy immediately but could not keep him in its cold clutches, for he was well beyond its terrors.
Bayard, himself again, stood and stared down at the ruined Erian.  The poor, gasping beast said through his death rattles, “such a pity…to end like this…to never triumph over such a foe…” And then he said no more.  
Tabor soon came riding up, his horse uneasy at the scent of blood.  He said grimly as he dismounted, “I tire of the stink of blood and death!”  He took in the grim, moonlit scene, and said quietly, “a pity it had to end so.”  
Bayard shook his head and said with the hint of an eager smile, “nay, it is just beginning.”  
The King now saw that the boy was as gore covered as the dead horse and remembered the words of the wondrous Bird, said he, “you are yourself again?”  The boy beamed in the moonlight.  Tabor smiled wanly, “it is well, for it seems the guards have missed you.”
This time the boy did not try to flee as the exhausted and rather terrified company confronted him.  Said their captain, “you are guilty of horse theft and perhaps even of murder lad!”  
The boy nodded unconcernedly, “I owe a King’s ransom for this poor beast.”  
The captain said unamusedly, “aye lad, a pity you don’t know the King, perhaps he could spare you from the gallows.”  
The boy dug in his pocket and produced a kingly sum of gold and gave it to the now amazed captain, “this should pay for the beast plus a little extra for the trouble I have caused you and yours this night.  As for murder, I think there are enough witnesses that will attest that I struck only in self-defense; that and there is no corpse to condemn me.”  
The captain said a little less grimly, “I guess you need not appeal to the King.  The horse is paid for and it seems no murder was done, thus have you escaped with your life.”  He motioned and his men turned as one, retreating in the direction from whence they had come.  
Tabor grinned, “a pity you do not know the King indeed!  Where did you come by such a trove?”  
Bayard shrugged, “our Master provides.”  
The King’s reply was cut short as the horse heaved himself to his feet and looked at the pair in wonder, “I hope I do not look as much a mess as you do boy!”  
Bayard grinned, “actually far worse, for the blood shows up quite well on a grey coat.”  
The horse snorted, “I suppose it does at that.”  He eyed the King curiously, for the man did not seem at all taken aback at a talking, previously dead horse.  
Bayard said to his unspoken query, “he has seen and endured far stranger things than this!”  
Erian said eagerly, “I would dearly love to hear such a tale.”
Bayard said, “we will have plenty of time on the ride back.”  
Erian swished his tail, “but there are far more efficient ways of getting wherever and whenever we need to be.”  
Tabor laughed, “you forget, my friend, that some of us here are still mere mortals and cannot skirt the whims of time.”  
Erian looked at Bayard quizzically, “this my dear Pegassi, is the King and it is he and the Queen we are assigned to protect, thus it would be quite impractical to leave him here alone where a Dreadlord has recently been seen.”  
The horse nodded contentedly, “then let us be off, no sense wasting time when duty calls.”  Tabor shared a grin with Bayard, knowing the beast was actually dying to hear the full tale.  
“First,” said Bayard, “we had best clean up a bit.  We do not want to cause a scandal by our mere appearance.”  
Tabor nodded, “that would indeed be wise.”  They found a creek flowing cold and fast not far from the road and quickly availed themselves of its congenial waters and then set off for home.

So was the dynasty of the Wolfking established and his house begun.  Long did he and his beloved Queen rule in peace and joy and their children after them, for only in the fifth generation did pride and rebellion stir within the Royal line and cause the fall of that great house.  The heir apparent was found unworthy to wear the crown, and in his anger, gathered about him vile men whose aims aligned with his own and brought murder and treason into his own family and thus fomented civil war and unrest which led to the crumbling of the empire and birthed many realms ruled by lesser Kings and all this history faded into legend, but was still looked upon as a benevolent and golden age by after generations who ever yearned to renew those forgotten years, but it would never again be so on this mortal earth, but such dreamers could look beyond that dim horizon and see an undying land where such joy was the rule rather than the exception and whose gates lie ever open to those who would seek it out.



Another Eden:

Plunging through the spectacular secrets of many an unnamed vale and rising again to breathtaking heights upon hills long untrodden by human feet, the three boys bethought themselves great adventurers and soon to be renowned explorers but the most mysterious journey was yet to come.  They had been born in a land of gentle hills and meandering rivers clothed in a pleasant mix of meadow and woods, but had left it far behind to see what waited in the hidden folds and distant hills of the high country.  The forest changed as they ascended and eventually failed altogether, revealing a climbing land of coarse grass, heather, and rocks ever ascending to the snowcapped peaks whose heads were lost in the clouds.  But it was not the summit they sought, but something buried in the heart of the mountains, a thing burned into the very core of their beings, a thing both mysterious and forbidden: the Cleft.  It was said that to enter it was Death, but what was this strange thing called Death?  
For theirs was a world that knew only innocence, peace, and joy.  They knew nothing of sorrow, pain, suffering, or death.  Did not Joy itself walk daily among them?  But for some, innocence was not enough.  It was whispered now and then on an errant breeze or perhaps a timid thought might venture forward: was there not more?  Why must anything be forbidden?  Who was the Master to say that something ought not to be?  Were not all things in this world good and wonderful, and even more importantly, given into the keeping of men?  There were things the Master knew but man did not.  But it did not have to be so.  The majority of the folk inhabiting that land shuddered at the suggestion or recoiled in horror at the thought, but there were a few in the history of the world that wondered for a moment if perhaps the whisper might be true.  Had it really been said in the Beginning that this thing must not be?  Could man not be something more if only he had the courage to look?  What was He hiding?  Did He not actually fear that which He had wrought?  
It taunted, it teased, it beguiled, and whispered to those who would listen and occasionally it overcame.  So had it done with the three adventurers.  The world was pleasant about them, as it ever was.  The sun was merry in the sky by day and the moon smiled upon them at night while the stars danced for joy in their courses.  There were no thorns or brambles, no wild beasts, dangerous weather, or biting insects to bar their way.  Every bird and creeping thing upon the whole face of the world was as tame and friendly as any dog upon the hearthrug.  The trees and bushes overflowed with the most wondrous fruit and supplied the needs of all that drew breath.  But even more amazing was the fact that Life walked among them and rejoiced in His creatures.  And it was the Master Himself that met the three unwary travelers ere the final leg of their journey.
It was evening and the world was bathed in gold about them while little fingers of mist crept out of the low places as crickets sang their welcome to the night.  The three lads had found a pleasant little dell in which to pass the night when He was suddenly among them.  A great shining Unicorn, never confused with the lesser beasts of the same name, stood there gazing at them; His eyes were full of love and something the boys could put no name to but what mortal men know to be sorrow.  He looked each boy full in the face and each knew his heart fully known.  No words passed between them, but the meaning was clearer than if it had been spoken, for their very souls quivered with it.  This was a foolish thing they attempted, a thing they would ever regret, but the choice was theirs, for they knew themselves loved more than mortal man can even begin to comprehend.  Tears welled in those three sets of eyes, but two hearts drew themselves up and refused to bend while the third nearly caved but staunchly rejected His plea at the last.  
“So be it,” came the whispered reply and again they were alone with the night but their hearts smote them sore.
They said nothing to one another, and lay uneasily awake the entire night, begging the dawn to hurry that they might on the morrow find that which they sought and for which they thought they yearned above all else.  What was this thing that bothered them so?  Never in all their brief lives had they felt such a pang of guilt, regret, or grief.  They rose early, and hoped the Cleft was worth such anguish of heart or would somehow put an end to it.  An hour’s climb brought them to the place but it did not look all that enticing; the third of the party very nearly abandoned the cause when first he looked upon it.  A great slab of rock lay slanted against the hillside leaving a gap just large enough for a man to crawl through.  It was dark as the depths of night within and a chill wind blew ever from its mouth.  Scrawled above it in writhing letters of blood was the warning: He who passes out shall not pass in again for Death is all his future.  
Kyan would have run that very moment had his two companions not each taken him by a shoulder and pushed him forwards with much half-hearted encouragement about adventure and the mysteries within.  The verdant world ended suddenly at the foot of that stone and nothing grew around it but dust and bare stone.  The very feeling of the Cleft echoed a thousand times what each had felt in their hearts the previous night.  “We must go in,” said one.  
“Yes,” replied the other, “or ever regret it.”  They exchanged a grim look, feeling none of the exhilaration and excitement they had dreamed this moment would hold, and one after the other plunged into the mouth of death.

They crawled forever, or so it felt, as if they were burrowing through the center of the earth or perhaps into their own graves.  It was cold, chill as death and dark as starless night.  Their hearts were afire with feelings they could not yet put name to but there was no going back.  Ever forward they crawled until the endless night gave way to the gloom of a night dark forest upon a stormy night.  They emerged from their stony burrow and were amazed to see only a blank wall of rock behind them; there was no going back.  Their naked flesh quaked with the night’s chill, a sensation they had never before experienced but worse was the utter horror and shame they felt in knowing they were unclothed.  They all three dashed separately into the brush, only to catch themselves upon thorn and briar, to tear their unshod feet upon biting rocks, to be driven nearly mad by voracious insects seeking blood, and to be stung by nettles until they burned all over.  
Finally they assembled rough coverings woven of vines, leaves, and grass to cover their shame and huddled together in a miserable mass wondering what was to come of them.  They were ravenous but there was no fruit to sate their hunger and no friendly brook to slake their thirst.  The world about them was cold, rough, cruel, and indifferent; worse, it felt as if night had draped the noon sun and ever would.  There was something just as callous and cold now wrapping itself around their souls.  They had lost their almost innate sense of joy and peace and comfort and found themselves alone, terrified, and miserable.  For no more did their Master walk openly among them.
At first, fear and confusion assaulted them but as the weary night wore on, it was replaced by rage, but even that soon collapsed into weeping despair.  Many were the tears and bitter the thoughts all through that wretched night but dawn did finally creep upon them.  A sad and weak morning compared to the unfettered beauty of Paradise but a veritable heaven after their miserable night.  They still quivered in fear and cold, their stomachs grumbled and complained, but their hearts bemoaned even more.
Kyan sighed heavily, “this then is death?”  
A harsh, scratching voice cackled from the rocky face above them, “this is mortal life you fools!  Death is even worse!”  A leathery creature, all claws and horns and teeth, vanished suddenly into the bushes, laughing in sinister delight; the boys shared a look of horror and a deep shudder.  If this was mortal life, what then was death?  They shuddered once more, for somehow they knew that true death, eternal separation from the Master, would be like the previous night, only infinitely worse.  Was there no hope?  
Cayman sighed, “well if this is now our life, we had best see if there is any point in living it.”  The others nodded and set out after him as he began to follow what seemed an aimless path, but it was better than remaining in that place with that creature and mourning what they had lost.
Night found them standing outside something that might have been called a ruinous cottage by a generous observer but most would call it a shack.  The three were footsore and weary as they had never been in former days and wondered what strange creature might lurk within, but thought it much better facing a dangerous inhabitant than spending another dreadful night out-of-doors.  Kyan rapped timidly upon the door and it opened a crack as the occupant looked upon the ragged little party, but suddenly it flew open and a short, broad man wearing much mended clothing beckoned the three beggars heartily into his humble abode.  He looked in astonishment upon their vegetative garb but said nothing as he herded them to the rickety table and began to scrounge for what little food might be lurking in forgotten corners that he might feed his guests.  They were too tired to do anything but obey and overwhelmed by this first act of kindness they had yet witnessed in this bitter mortal world.  
He chatted gaily as he went about the task of providing food, “you three look like you crawled out from under a rock!  I thought I was poor but the three of you make me look a King, but come we shall soon put that to rights.”  He chatted on blithely as they stared at him in confusion.  How could one find joy in this strange world?  
Finally he set what little provender he had before them and they set to with a hearty appetite, little relishing the strange victuals but willing to eat almost anything at that point.  Oh how they longed for one of the glorious fruits of their former home!  As they ate, the man rummaged in an old trunk set beside the humble bed and found what clothes he could, ill fitting and as much mended as his current attire but at least better than leaves!  The boys awkwardly put on the rags he proffered and felt themselves very much fools but soon they were lost to sleep and their much injured egos found rest at last.  As they slept, the old hermit stared at them in wonder, thinking the old tales might actually be true, for here seemed to be a trio who had wandered out of Paradise itself and found themselves aliens in a bizarre and backwards world.  They did not even know how to put on clothes or the proper use of a knife!  The poor lads!  If it were truly their lot, as mythic as it seemed, they must truly be aghast at the world and state in which they found themselves.  To think they had seen the Master Himself!  Ah, those were dreams indeed!  He fell asleep with this wondrous thought on his mind.

Morning came again and this time the boys did not greet it with such eagerness, for the night had not been nearly so dreadful and they began to wonder if there was even a point in living.  But their host wakened them with a smile and a hearty breakfast of what he could scrounge from forest and barn; the fare was strange but filling, once all were sated and the man seated before the hearth with his pipe, he finally asked the lads of their adventures past and future.  They exchanged a startled look but felt they owed their host an explanation.  Kyan told the full tale, which astounded the man in its details but did not surprise him overall for he had already guessed their strange adventure in part.
Kyan finished with, “as to what to do with ourselves hereafter, that we know not!  This world is so cruel and dead and strange compared to that which we have known!  For here the Master is not.”  
Yoric smiled and drew back on his pipe, saying after, “that would not be true lad, for the Master is everywhere and in all things, one just has to know how to look.  He may not be visible and palpable as you once knew Him, but even so He is there for those that would seek Him.”  
Kyan said nervously, hoping it might be true, “then that creature lied when he said there was nothing but death here?”  
The man cocked his head in careful thought before replying, “all mortal men eventually taste of physical death lad, it is the way of all flesh, but that does not mean he must taste of eternal death in a spiritual sense.  Seek the Master faithfully and ever shall you be with Him and He with you, else there shall be nothing for you save an endless night where He is not.  Nothing but sorrow, despair, anguish, grief, and horror for all eternity!  Now that is true death!”
“But how can that be?” gasped Kyan in surprise, “We have broken His trust, chosen to separate ourselves from Him, to intentionally disobey!  And for that we must ever be sundered.”  
“One would think that that would be just,” said the old hermit, “but there is a way and the cost is blood.”  The boys exchanged a nervous glance but the old man continued, “nay not your blood lads, for ours is tainted and of no worth at all.  But the Master’s blood can cover all our evil and make us clean again.”  
Kyan gasped, “how can this be?”  
The old man looked somber and shook his head in amazement, “that is beyond mortal comprehension but so it is.  Long ago, the first of our race did as you and left Paradise for mortality and so have they populated the earth and long were we sundered from the Master.  But to man’s great astonishment, deity took on flesh, abandoned heaven and eternity to inhabit the mortal world, and become subject to time.  He tried to call us back to Himself but they would not hear Him.  They grew jealous and put Him to death, He who invented life!  But by His death we have Life and the grave itself is overcome.  Death could not hold Him and He returned to His place but will come again one day to overthrow evil forever!  We need only to trust in Him and await His coming.”  
Cayman groused, “why can we not again reenter Paradise or see these wondrous promises fulfilled today?”
The old man shook his head, “we are blessed to have such grace bestowed upon us.  We are the ones who willingly forsook our Maker.  Who are we to dictate how He shows mercy?”
“I do not believe it,” said Makin, “it is all legend and lies.  There must be more to this weird world than we have yet seen.  I will stay no longer with a doddering old fool such as this!  We defied the Master and now I begin to feel quite justified in it.  Who is he to tell me what I can and cannot do?”  
Cayman stood with Makin and both looked expectantly at Kyan, “are you coming?”  
Kyan sighed, shook his head, and said, “I shall abide here for a time.  I have much to consider.  You have already encouraged me to come to this vile land when I very nearly lost my nerve and could have remained happily at home.”  
“Fool!” sneered Makin as they left without another word or a backwards glance.  
Said the old hermit, “I worry for the future of your friends lad.  They have proud hearts and folly in their heads.  We’ll pray that the Master grant them sense in time.  What of you?”  
The boy shrugged, “I do not know.  What you have said is so wonderful but my own heart is weary and confused within me.  I need time to understand all that has happened and all you have said before I make up my mind.”  
The man nodded, “fair enough.  You can stay here as long as you wish.  I am not rich but what I have is yours.”  They spent the rest of the day puttering about with chores and speaking of things Kyan should know about his strange new home.

As evening was drawing nigh and the pair sat at supper, a pounding knock came at the door.  The old hermit was on his feet and ordered the boy to conceal himself in the ancient trunk.  No sooner had the lid closed than the door burst open and a man garbed in dark leather and a black cloak stormed into the hut.  He grasped the old man by the throat and shoved him against the nearest wall, which trembled with the violence of the impact.  The villain grated, “where are the boys who came this way?  Give them to me or your life is forfeit.”  
Choking out the words, the hermit said, “they spent the night and left shortly after breakfast.  I know not whither they went.”  
The vile man threw down his prey upon the floor and drawing his sword, held it to the man’s throat, “if you have lied to me, I shall return and will not be so merciful upon my next visit.”  As quickly as he had come, he vanished from the hut and they heard the sound of hooves retreating into the night.
The boy sprang from his hiding place and helped the old man to sit in one of his rickety chairs, asking, “who or what was that?”  
The old man coughed and groaned after the violence of his interview and could make no reply, but a strong voice said from the doorway, “a Hunter it was, a man in service to the Dark Prince, who in exchange for strength and skills beyond mortal wont uses them for the purposes of his vile master.”  The boy and the old man looked in astonishment upon the stranger standing in the doorway, illuminated by the fading light of day.  He was dressed in plain garb, but held a sword ready in his hand; he sheathed it when he saw there was no longer an imminent threat.  There was joy and humor, but also weariness and grief written in his eyes and the lines of his face.  
“The Dark Prince?” queried the boy, who felt an immediate liking for this man.  
The man said in some surprise, “you have not heard of the Dark Prince?”  
The boy grinned, “I have only just arrived from a place that knows neither sorrow nor death nor evil, where the Master Himself walks among all His dear folk.”  
The man was agape at the lad’s tale but continued, “then know, that like mortal men, there are certain other traitors against the Master, some of a much more powerful and strange nature than mere men.  The Prince is the greatest and most vile of these.  He has much influence over the souls and lands of men through his vile servants both human and otherwise.  He was once the Master’s greatest servant and now is His most dire enemy.  I will leave your friend to tell you more, I must pursue the villain ere he overtakes your friends.”
Again the sound of hooves retreated into the night and the pair within the cottage exchanged another astonished look.  The old man smiled, “it warms my heart to see the villain pursued as much as he froze it in terror.  Come now lad, let us finish our supper and mayhap I will tell you tales of the servants of evil and of the Master, both of which we have seen this night.”  They had only just sat down again to their meal when again a shadow fell upon them originating from the doorway, but it was not the cheering presence of their friend but the terror of him he pursued.  
The vile man laughed cruelly, “so you have lied old man and so shall you die.  What say you boy?  Come away with me and discover true power or die here with this old cur?”  
Kyan stood and drew away from the malicious creature, saying, “I know very little of this strange world in which I find myself but I know at least that I want nothing to do with you or your vile master.”  
The dark man seemed to shrug, as if it meant little to him and slowly drew forth his sword, savoring the terror it gave to his victims.  The boy backed as far as he could into the recesses of the dismal hovel but it was not enough; Kyan cried out in anguish as the villain struck a mortal blow and then turned to do the same to the old man.  But he never got the chance, for his pursuer had finally found his quarry.  The vile man gave a pathetic whimper as he collapsed with a sword through his heart.  Leaving the slain villain, both the old man and the plainly clad knight rushed to the stricken boy’s side.  Kyan lay gasping upon the floor, staring in amazement at the blood that stained his hands, never having seen the like.
“So this is death,” gasped the boy, “I do not think I am ready.”  
The old man was on the verge of tears, “what troubles you lad?”  
Tears stung the boy’s eyes, “I die sundered from my Master.  I must face eternal night.”  
“It need not be so,” pleaded the old man, “there is time!”  
The boy shook his head weakly and gasped in agony, “I have not made up my mind!”  
The old man snorted through his tears, “a thoughtful man to the end!  But do not let it be the eternal ruin of you!”  
“I need more time!” gasped the boy, “So many questions…”  
Sighed the warrior, who knelt beside the fading boy, “and time he shall have.”  
“No!” shouted the old man but it was too late, for the knight had taken hold of the insensible boy’s hand and said his final, incomprehensible words.  The boy gasped as one thrust suddenly into icy water and stared about him in wonder.  For a moment, his eyes met those of the knight and then he fell dead beside the boy and old man.  Kyan glanced in horror at the dead knight and then in wonder at his fully healed chest.  The old man carefully rolled the knight onto his back to reveal a gaping wound in his chest, which had once marred the boy’s own flesh.  Sighed the old man, “he gave his life for yours.”
The boy gaped, “how is that possible?  Why?”  
The old man shook his head, “knights of his order have peculiar abilities, one of which is storied to be an ability to heal others at the cost of their own lives.  He knew your soul was in desperate danger so traded his life for yours in hopes that you yet might come to your senses.”  
Sighed Kyan, “such devotion alone I think is enough to convince me!  How am I to repay his service to me?”  
The old hermit said quietly, “he does not expect repayment but if you would honor his sacrifice you first must come to the Master and after, perhaps you might seek service with the knights of his order and take up the sword that he laid down.”  The boy looked very thoughtful and it was a very long time before he spoke again, as he pondered all these things and finally came to a decision.

Garren knelt beside the dying boy and listened intently as Kyan spoke desperately with the old man.  His heart ached at the demise of one so young, a death he could have prevented had he been quicker in finding his quarry!  Worse, the boy was like to die a heretic and a rebel!  There was but one thing to do.  He reached out and took the hand of the fading youth and said quietly those words that would save the boy but doom himself.  The boy gasped back to life even as Garren felt a sword rip through his chest and set his lungs afire, for a moment their eyes met and then he was beyond mortal striving.  
He knelt in a fog spun of pure light and before him towered the Master Himself, in form and likeness incomprehensible to mortal mind and indescribable by human tongue.  He felt himself a grain of sand before the roaring waters of all the terrible seas astir with storm.  He knew himself befouled and defiled and knew not how the Master could even abide his presence, but then he felt a wave of what could only be called Light or Love or Joy wash over him and it was all forgotten and forgiven and renewed.  He yet knelt before his Maker, but this time it was as a beloved child rather than as a defiant traitor.  
Finally, He spoke and Garren’s entire being quivered with Joy, “you have given your life willingly that another might live, and more importantly might yet find Hope.  Your battle against the dark and vile powers of the world can be at an end if rest is what you seek, but I know you wish to continue the fight, if it is allowed.  Rise child, and continue the fight, for I am ever at your side!”  And then He was gone and the Light consumed Garren utterly.
Garren awoke upon a mountainside in a world like one he could only hope for in his dearest of dreams: the home man had never quite forgot.  He stood and scanned the country about him.  Below was a dear, beautiful land and above towered peaks lost in the clouds.  Before him gaped a fissure into night.  Suddenly beside him stood a creature to make the most wonderful horse in the world look a starved and broken nag.  The Pegassi, a great winged horse all in gleaming white, studied the man beside him as a child might examine a strange insect he had never before beheld.  The man stared at the Pegassi with equal wonder and no little trepidation, as the creature reared, pawed the air, and spread his wings eagerly, saying, “well we had best be about it.”
“About what?” queried the stunned man.  
The Pegassi laughed in his horsy way, “what else but the Master’s business?  Did you not agree to continue the fight against those that oppose Him?”  
Garren smiled eagerly, “that I did, but little do I know of this new occupation.”  
Wing snorted in amusement, “I forget that the majority of you humans do not grow up with the legends my people take for granted.  You have just been drafted into the Messengers so mount up, that together we may fight those foes whom mortal men cannot defeat.”  
Still flabbergasted, Garren timidly climbed aback the wonderful creature, who dashed headlong into the Cleft, but instead of a long tunnel of night, it yielded instantly to the valiant creature, returning them again to the mortal sphere.  Garren finally studied himself, gone were his plain and travel worn garments, instead was he clad all in white and silver and deepest blue, with a great sword upon his hip and he felt fully the power of his Master within himself.
Wing looked about him for a moment in wonder and then snorted, “what a dull and dreadful place this is.”  
Garren smiled, “it is a good thing then that we are only sojourners in this drear land.  Come, have we not foes to fight?”  
The Pegassi turned his great head and gazed at the man with one lovely eye, “soon enough, but first we have an old friend of yours to visit.”  Garren gaped as understanding dawned but ere he uttered his thoughts, Wing replied, “the boy shall not know you but he needs one to set him on the right path.”  Suddenly they looked nothing but a weary man on a worn horse as they set off through the wood towards the humble hut wherein so much had happened of late.
They came with the morning, both the boy and the hermit were anxious now about any traveler upon the road, especially a mounted one.  But he seemed an honest sort of fellow and they could not turn away such an obviously weary stranger.  They had just finished piling the last bit of dirt upon two fresh graves as the man dismounted, asking, “have you a bit of water to refresh man and beast, my good sir?”  
The old hermit nodded and sent the boy running to the creek with a bucket upon each arm.  Then eyeing the stranger he said quietly, “I hope you are no bearer of ill tidings, for as you see we have enough sorrow of our own.”  
Garren smiled a bit sadly, “nay sir, I am but passing by with naught to say, good or ill.  But would gladly help you if there is any small comfort or help I can give in such an hour.”  
The old man looked wistfully after the retreating boy, “if you could see that the lad finds his place in the world I would be much obliged.  He has had his world turned upside down and suffered much in the course of but a few days.”  
Said Garren, “that I can understand and would gladly help as I may.  We shall rest for an hour and if the lad is willing, then shall we set out upon the road the Master sets us.”  
The old man smiled with relief and passed a merry hour with the stranger, before saying a sad farewell to the eager boy as they set off into the burgeoning day; the boy rode awkwardly upon Garren’s former mount and carried his old sword as one quite unfamiliar with the art.  The Messenger smiled in amusement at the neophyte warrior for whom he had given his life, for the boy had spirit enough to make the Enemy’s minions quake in terror one day, at least once he learned the proper use of a weapon.
“How might I serve the Master in this strange world?” asked the boy as they rode along.  
Said Garren thoughtfully, “you could find a village, settle down with a wife, and raise a family.  That is the most common way men live in this strange world.  But there are those who travel about and tell tales of the Master and encourage men to follow His ways.  And then there are those of a more adventurous stripe who fight evil wherever they find it.  What sort of life are you seeking lad?”  
Kyan grinned, “I want to wield this sword in the Master’s service.”  
The man smiled, deeply pleased, and said, “then you had best join up with the Whiteguard, those soldiers dedicated to fighting the minions of evil that roam throughout the world.”  
The boy queried, “but can I not become a Knight of some sort in the Master’s service?”  
The man nodded, “a lofty goal indeed, but first you must spend some time with the Whiteguard learning the use of a sword and all the things a soldier, and even more so, a Knight, must know.  They add to their ranks only from amongst the best of the Whiteguard.  It is not easy but certainly worth the effort.”  
The boy smiled, “then let us to them that I may begin my adventures!”
They stopped for the night in a secluded spot and while the boy was busy gathering wood for a fire, the Pegassi said quietly to his companion, “the boy’s mount is no natural horse.”  
Garren frowned in surprise, “what then is he?  How can you tell?  He was my mount for many years before my death and ever did he serve me faithfully and well.”
The Pegassi cocked his head, “too well?”  
The man nodded in comprehension, “exactly!  He always seemed to know what was asked of him and performed it to perfection, often ere I asked it of him.”  
Wing continued, “he knows too much.  There is a fire in his eyes, which no mortal horse ever possessed.  He listens intently to all that is said and reacts as he thinks best.  He is a thinking creature.”  
“What then is he?” asked the flummoxed Messenger.  
The Pegassi replied, “I believe he is the Pegassi equivalent of the boy: one who willingly abandoned Paradise for the mortal world.  I had heard there was such a renegade but never thought to encounter him thus!  I will try and speak with him, this meeting can only be Providence, and that he willingly served a servant of the Master is a hopeful sign at least.  He could have chosen to become a true rebel and heretic rather than just an exile.”  The Pegassi left his companion and approached the boy’s horse, who was busy grazing some way off.  At the approach of the other horse, unhobbled and unattended, the horse lay back his ears and tried to back away but the ropes held him fast.  “Fear not,” said Wing to the terrified horse.  
The horse’s ears went straight up in the air in astonishment and his eyes seemed ready to fall from his head.  Said he, “are you then an exile like myself?”  
Wing shook his head, “nay, but come from the same lands you once roamed before you chose to forsake them.  I am here at my Master’s bidding.”
The horse laid back his ears once more, “then why bother such as I?  Am I not punished enough for my temerity?  Is it not enough that I yet serve our Master, though as a slave rather than a brother?  I served my late master well and will serve this boy as long as his heart remains true.”  
“That you did my friend,” spoke Garren, who had approached without the horse noticing in his preoccupation with Wing.  
The horse was very nearly fainted in surprise, his eyes having been opened to the true identity of this man.  Erian shook his head in near despair, “to think that had I waited, perhaps we could have ridden together in the glory of our Master but alas, I am forced to endure in my shame.”  
“But a little while my friend,” said the man gently, “perhaps you will again find your wings.  But you are not alone in your exile, for the boy is likewise.”  
The horse was surprised, “he once dwelt in Paradise and left of his own accord?”  The man and Pegassi nodded.  Erian said in astonishment, “then he has seen the Pegassi and I might reveal myself to him?”  They nodded once more and the horse frisked in joy, at least as much as his restraints would allow.  
Said Garren, “we shall see that the boy finds his way to the right people, and after that we shall have other business to attend to, but know that you are neither alone nor forgotten, my friend.”  
The horse nuzzled Garren joyfully, “I was sorely grieved when I knew you were slain.  You have ever been a kind and thoughtful master, and I rejoice to know you yet fight the Dark, perhaps now more than ever.”
Just then Kyan returned to the little camp and the man left the horses to themselves while he joined the boy.  Said the man after they were settled, “what do you think of a little jaunt to the local inn lad?”  
The boy said quietly, “sir, I do not know what that is but I would dearly love to learn.”  
The man smiled, stood, and said, “then we had best be making our way thither for already the light is failing and you need some sleep this night.”  
The boy walked alongside the man towards whatever this strange phenomenon was.  It was an inn like all such found in the world: a gathering place for gossips, travelers, and adventurers.  To Kyan’s astonishment, it had also attracted Makin and Cayman like a pair of wandering moths to the flame, however he did not like the look of the man with whom they were currently speaking.  Garren reached for his sword, disliking the feel of this creature as well, for the sneering, darkly clad figure was no longer a mortal man.
The dark figure looked up, saw the boy and his companion enter the inn and stood suddenly, saying to his companions, “why not tell your friend here what I have said.  His companion and I have business we must deal with betwixt ourselves.  I shall not be long; he however shall never bother you more.”  The men stared at one another for a moment, both nodded their heads in some secret understanding, and the shadow clad man made for the backdoor through which he vanished.
Garren said to Kyan, “join your friends and try to counteract the nonsense that fiend no doubt put into their heads.  I must deal with this villain presently.”  Kyan’s eyes filled with fear for his friend but Garren smiled broadly, saying, “fear not for me lad but for the villain, for it shall not go well with him.”  With that, he vanished after the fiend while Kyan took the vacant chair at the table of his erstwhile friends.
Sneered Makin, “who was that?  I cannot believe he is able to offer you what our own companion can.  We can learn to be swordsmen, to achieve power and glory beyond anything other men can even hope to attain!  Will you not join us or has the nonsense of that old hermit lodged firmly in your head, driving out any sense you might have once possessed?”  
Kyan laughed at such a thought, “nay, I have only sense in my head and always have had, save for that foolish mistake of venturing into the Cleft of course.  The hermit only speaks sense, it is that ephemeral friend of yours that speaks nonsense!  You may learn all sorts of wonderful and terrible things but in the end it only leads to death.”
“Enough,” snarled Cayman, “we will hear no more of your nonsense and apparently you will hear no more of ours.  Do you not know the potential you possess?”  
Kyan cocked his head, “how is my potential any different than that of any other man?”  
Cayman said adamantly, “we are first generation exiles from Paradise!  We may live a thousand years and become Kings over these lesser men who live barely a century!  Why not listen to what we have to say?”

Garren ducked out the door after the Spy, eager to end his influence over the vulnerable boys within and also to try his hand against his first undead foe.  No sooner had he shut the door behind him than a dagger flashed in the moonlight, grazed his shoulder, and buried itself in the closed door.  Garren flinched at the sensation, a small flash of silver light disturbed the night for a moment as the dagger touched him, but both vanished the moment it had flown past.
The Spy on the roof snarled, “drat!  Just as I had feared, you are no mortal but I shall end your meddling nonetheless.”  But his words died away in a pained squawk as he fell with an arrow in his chest and vanished in a flutter of black feathers.  Garren stared in wonder at the bow suddenly clutched in his hands from which he had launched the arrow, which vanished as suddenly as it had appeared.  He grinned, shook his head in amusement, and made his way back into the inn.  The boys were just finishing a rather heated conversation and Kyan’s companions stood as Garren returned.  
Snarled Makin, “when next we meet, we shall be enemies!”  
They stormed out of the inn and Kyan exchanged a stunned look with Garren, who said quietly, “perhaps it is best if we return to camp?”  Kyan nodded his agreement and they followed the enraged youths into the night.
They rode on for several more days and Garren continued to instruct the boy in that which he must know, both about the mortal world and about the Master’s part in it.  Finally they came to a small village that seemed the sole habitation of men in the entire world, such was its seclusion.  Garren drew rein before a certain door and knocked in a certain manner.  The door was thrown open and the occupant looked over the bland looking man and wide-eyed youth standing upon his doorstep.  “I do not know you,” said the man simply, “how come you to know the proper sign and place to use it?  And what is it you would have of me?”  
Replied Garren, “this lad seeks service with the Whiteguard, and one day hopes to be found worthy to join the Knights at some point thereafter.  I once rode with the Guard and later the Knights, though now my duty sends me elsewhere.”
The man frowned, trying to place the unfamiliar face but could not remember ever seeing this stranger before; he was quite certain he knew all the men who served as the man claimed he once had done.  Who left the Knights?  One usually died in their service; he could remember none leaving willingly in his lifetime.  Said the man after a long, thoughtful moment, “I suppose we can see what the boy knows but I do not trust you sir.  I do not know you and should, if you are what you say.”  
Garren nodded, “that is as it must be, but if you shall take him in then I need burden you no longer.  I wish only a moment to say farewell to the lad.”  
The man nodded and withdrew inside to allow Garren to speak quietly with Kyan, who looked on the verge of tears, “why must you leave me?”  
Garren shook his head, “here our paths must part but we shall not be forever sundered.  Neither do I leave you alone, for the Master is always with us.  I leave you in the care of honorable and valiant men, whom you shall soon come to care for as much as you do me.  You shall do well in the world if you cling to the Truth and the Master.  Farewell my friend.”  He gave the boy a final hug, mounted Wing, and vanished from sight.  
The man came out of his house and said in amazement, “what was your friend’s name and where did you meet him?”  
The boy replied, “he called himself Garren and came upon a hermit’s hut the day after a very strange night.”  With that, Kyan told his full tale and astounded the man even more.  
He knew one of the Knights by that name, yet the man’s appearance was not that of the man he once knew, but the boy’s description of his fallen savior sounded very close to that man.  Could they be one and the same?  He had heard stories of such things, and his sudden disappearance certainly meant he must be something more than a mere man.  But what was he?  He glanced down at the boy, who was waiting anxiously while he mulled these things over in his mind.  There would be time enough for that later, right now this poor child needed a warm meal and a good night’s sleep.  He ushered the boy into the house and saw to his comfort.  
After they had retired for the evening, Kyan was restless and could not sleep.  He got out of bed and stared silently out the window.  There was a full moon and the night called to him seductively.  He grinned, unseen in the dark, and slipped out the window.  But walking alone in the dark was no place to find comfort for a lonely heart, and his eagerness soon turned to tears as he lay upon the grass and wept.  
“You are not quite so alone as you think,” came a comforting voice.  
Kyan sat up and said with a sniffle, “I know, the Master is ever with us.”  He stopped suddenly and stared in disbelief, for it was his horse that had spoken.  
Erian continued, as if a talking horse was nothing unusual, “that is true, but what I meant was that I am also your friend, at least if you will have me?”  Kyan threw his arms around the stallion’s neck and wept out his loneliness and once his tears ceased, Erian continued, “we are both of us willing exiles from Paradise.”  The boy stared in amazement as the tale unfolded, “I was once one of the Pegassi and now find myself a wretched mortal horse as you find yourself a mere mortal man.  My kind occasionally leaves Paradise at the behest of our Master but I would not wait to be asked, in my pride I left of my own accord much as you did.  So here we are.”
Continued he, “how came I to serve first a Knight and then you?  Listen and you shall hear.  At first I was aghast at my diminution but soon enough I began to rejoice in my freedom from my Master and also in my superiority to mortal horses both in endurance, speed, and gift of mind.  For surely no man could tame me!  But alas!  What a fool I was.  No mortal horse could catch me but they rode many to death in pursuit of me until they finally took me.  They beat me and bound me and abused me but I would not bend my stubborn neck, even to save my life, and so I thought to die a heretic but there was one who had compassion on me.  After a terrible round of whippings and cursings, I lay exhausted and bleeding upon the ground and an old man came to me and held my head in his lap, stroking my mane.  He said, “now lad, this is no way to go about it!  You must learn to submit and thereby gain life.  I will teach you kindly but you must be willing to obey.”
In despair I gave in and my masters gave me into the keeping of the hunched old man and to save my life, I did as he bade me.  So too did I come to realize that my pride had sundered me from the Master and so had doomed my soul.  Once so tamed, the old man brought me to this very village where I was paired up with a neophyte soldier in the Whiteguard, my late master.  We rode together for many years and the end of the tale you know already.  So now will I faithfully serve you.  He never knew my strange proclivities or stranger origin, but we once had a common home so now I can speak freely of my past.”  
Kyan held the great head close and whispered, “at last I have a friend from whom I will not be parted, save by death.”
  
The following day, the boy was inducted into the Whiteguard and once he had learned enough of the sword that he might not inadvertently kill himself, he was sent off with a company to roam the world in pursuit of evil and those who would destroy others for their own gain.  So did his skills and courage grow until at last he was granted a captaincy of his own and the leadership of his own company.  So too did he attract the attention of the Knights, for it was of such men that they were composed.
A messenger came that morning with a missive from the very Captains of the Knights with orders to join their ranks as an apprentice as soon as his current patrol was complete.  Kyan was overjoyed and a little saddened for he loved his men dearly, but he knew this was his duty and gladly would he do it.  But first there was a little matter that required his attention before he could think about it further.
“Sir,” said his Second, “this woman wishes to speak with you alone and says she has some vital information for you.”  
Kyan nodded, thanked his lieutenant, and drew the old hag aside, disliking the very feel of the woman.  She cackled in amusement at his discomfiture and spoke without invitation, “now lad, I know of your strange origin and have something to offer because of it.”  He eyed the witch warily, wondering what he might expect from such as she.  She continued, “I will save the lives of your men and also give into your hands twelve of the Blackguard, whose whereabouts I will tell you.  Else these same men shall fall upon you and yours and none shall live to tell the tale.”
“What is it you want witch, in exchange for this information?” asked Kyan gruffly.  
She cackled again and continued, “your blood!  You might live a thousand years, or so goes the legend, but any who drinks the blood of such a man may live an extra hundred years, but you must die in the process.  I will give you the lives of your men and your enemies but at the cost of your own.  You shall die regardless, let it not be in vain.”
Kyan drew back in derision saying, “be gone hag, I will not bargain with evil.”  He called loudly for his Second and ordered her escorted out of the camp, then said, “prepare for an attack, for if she is right, twice our number of the Blackguard lurk nearby.”
It was not long ere they found them, the scouts had discovered the villains before they could ambush Kyan’s company, and they were able to fall upon them with arrows, disabling half, before facing the survivors with their swords.  They clashed fiercely, and one after the other, the combatants fell, each to the sword of his enemy.
Bayard, the newest recruit in the Whiteguard, but certainly the most skilled man with a sword that Kyan had ever seen, was holding his own against one of the Blackguard, whom Kyan identified as Makin, much to his astonishment.  He urged Erian forward to help his embattled soldier, but someone cut the former Pegassi out from beneath his rider.  With an aching heart, for both the Pegassi and his own fallen men, Kyan struggled to his feet and rushed to help the boy, who seemed to be losing ground, only to have Cayman intervene.  
After killing the horse, he meant to make short work of the rider.  He smiled in grim delight to see who his next victim would be, but was astonished to discover that Kyan was quite able to defend himself.  In his own battle, Kyan lost track of Bayard and his foe.  They clashed for a time until Kyan finally struck a mortal blow upon his old friend, who immediately returned the favor.  They both fell, clutching at their wounds and groaning in agony.  As he fell, Kyan saw Bayard triumph over his own foe; the boy’s smile of victory turned to one of horror as his eyes fell upon his stricken captain.  The youth was about to run to Kyan, but he weakly ordered the boy to see to his comrades and discover if any of the villains yet lived.
The boy quickly made his rounds of the devastated scene and returned to Kyan’s side, panting, “they are all dead sir, save yourself and these two stricken men.”  
Kyan nodded and drew forth from his pocket a folded letter, now red with blood, saying, “someone will come seeking this, when he does, tell him I regret my inability to fulfill my commission.  Now go before reinforcements come and the entire company perishes!”  
The boy could not hold back his tears but he knew there was nothing he could do for his captain and dared not disobey his final order.  Bayard saluted, caught one of the loose horses standing about, and vanished from the terrible scene.
Cayman scoffed or tried to, it seemed more a flinch, as he said, “this is certainly a wretched way to end our grand adventure!  At least I need not die here like a dog.  Are you with me Makin?”  
Makin shook his head emphatically, “and bind my soul to the Dark One?  Are you mad?  I reject both the Master and the Dark Prince, I die but I die a free man.”  
“You are still eternally doomed in either case,” groaned Kyan.  
Makin sneered, “so be it!  I die a heretic but my own man nonetheless!”  With that, the life in his eyes faded away and he lay still.  
Cayman sneered in derision at his dead companion and took a small vial from his pocket and put it to his lips.  He grimaced at the taste, but immediately stood, fully restored.  He laughed haughtily over the stricken Kyan, saying, “so do I live and thus do you die.  What has serving your wretched Master earned you but death?  I shall now hunt down your pathetic little scout, that all of your companions might perish this day.”  He was about to stride off, when his eye caught a faint movement in the bushes about the macabre scene, out of which the hag appeared.  
She grinned wickedly at both the survivors and said, “well my lords, so it ended as I said it must.  Now I shall have my way regardless.”  
Cayman sneered, “so this is your doing witch?  Not that I care any longer for the fate of mere mortals but what would you have of this wretch?”  
She snickered, “his blood.”  
Cayman scoffed, “help yourself but know that you doom yourself.  The Master does not look kindly on such acts and you will find yourself hunted.”  
She cackled, “now you sound like one of his ilk!  I am dying of some wretched condition of the lungs regardless.  I will take another day or the hundred years as promised.  He will die no matter what.  Why let such promise go to waste?  Care to watch?”  
Cayman smiled coldly, “with pleasure.”  She drew a dagger from beneath her ragged clothes and drove it into Kyan’s heart.  He gasped in pain, his eyes widened, and he lay still as the witch withdrew her weapon and took his blood upon her tongue.  She immediately felt herself healed and cackled in delight.  Cayman shrugged, “at least you found something of use in his otherwise wasted life.”  They parted then, each upon their own errands.

Bayard knew himself pursued and knew he could do little but go on until it caught him.  Help must come from without, if it came at all, for there was nothing he could do to defeat a Hunter.  While still technically a mortal man, there was no blade save that of a Knight that could defeat the thing.  Neither did the Hunter suffer weariness, exhaustion, or hunger; they were also possessed of strange abilities in tracking down and destroying their prey.  Bayard knew that he would soon be joining his captain and the rest of the company in death’s cold embrace.  He sighed, turned his weary horse, and drew forth his sword; he would face his doom like a man rather than fleeing like a stag before the hounds.  Cayman’s heavy breathing could be heard long before he entered the dark clearing, his evil laugh echoed through the dell as the Hunter made his appearance.  He laughed at the pathetic courage of the boy and drew his own sword, ready to finish the work his decimated company had begun.
But before he could fall upon the boy like an inexorable storm, Cayman found himself crossing blades with a Knight, who had also come seeking the boy, or rather the letter he carried.  Bayard watched in stunned silence as the two fought, but the Knight was obviously the superior in skill and experience.  Cayman was struck in the shoulder and cried out in anger and pain, cruelly turning his horse and spurring the beast away from his foe.  The Knight thought for a moment to pursue and finish the fiend, but then remembered the reason he had come.  He looked the boy over and said in some surprise, “you seem rather young lad, but there is no doubt you carry a letter for me.  Still, it takes much courage to make a stand when you know such a fiend pursues you.”  
Bayard shook his head sadly, drew forth the bloodstained missive, and handed it to his savior, saying, “I thank you for the rescue but it is not I you seek but my late captain, who lies dead with the balance of our company.  He bid me ride forth with this letter ere he died and to give you his regrets that he could not assume his commission.”
The Knight shook his head sadly but could not help but smile at the thought of a dying man apologizing for his inability to carry out any further tasks or appointments!  It was certainly a sore loss to the Knights and the Whiteguard to lose such a man!  The Knight took the bloody letter, which so boldly proclaimed the fate of its late keeper, and said as he did so, “what of you lad?  How did you survive when all your company perished?” 
The boy shook his head, “we were outnumbered two to one but we managed to even the odds with our arrows ere the fighting began.  I am the least experienced man in our company yet the captain seemed amazed at my skill with the bow and sword, some natural talent perhaps?  I managed to best my foe without taking mortal injury, whether it was skill, luck, or providence I know not, perhaps all three!”  He finished with a heavy sigh, “many a better man fell in the skirmish than myself, the captain most of all.”  
The Knight nodded thoughtfully, “well, if it be skill or providence, we can let neither go to waste.  I was sent to seek out an apprentice, and an apprentice I shall have, though not perhaps the first to carry this letter but by no means less worthy for carrying it last.”  
Bayard’s jaw dropped, “me?”  
The Knight nodded, “if you are willing and your skill is half what your late captain thought it to be.”  The Knight ran the boy through his paces with the sword and much impressed, offered him a place at his side as an Apprentice to the Knights.  The boy eagerly accepted, his aching heart finally finding hope in the future and peace with the horror he had so recently survived.  

It was a strange meeting upon the high hills overlooking the great expanse of Paradise below; both had faced their Maker and now stood looking upon their former home once more, on the verge of again entering the mortal world but this time with their Master’s blessing.  “That was certainly an adventure,” said Erian to Kyan as they both gazed upon the beauty of their first home.  
“We were fools to leave of our own accord,” said Kyan wistfully.  
Erian laughed, “I never said it was wise, I only said it was an adventure.  But come, our next awaits and this time we will do it wisely.”  
Kyan smiled, “then lead on my dear Pegassi.”  Kyan climbed aback the great winged stallion and together they plunged once more into the Cleft, but this time it yielded easily to their passage.

The boy stared stonily at the ground, finding nothing but despair and worse, sheer terror in looking up.  He was dejected to the point of hopelessness and did not even seem to care about the fate that awaited him.  His father had sold him into slavery to pay his taxes, and a few days later he found himself standing at auction like a horse or a piece of furniture.  Had he been of a stronger and sturdier build he might have gone for a soldier or at least a laborer, but his meager frame barred him from those occupations, save in desperation.  He had a sharp mind, but alas he could neither read nor write, and few were those who would purchase a potential clerk or scribe if he did not already possess such skills.
The grim men walking up and down inspecting the line of slaves chilled him to the core, but the other creature nearly froze his blood; at least the men were men but he had no name to put to the other.  The Dreadlord walked amongst the wretched lot, now and then selecting one of the pathetic creatures for the service of his Dread Master, either as laborers or soldiers for the Blackguard.  The slave master eyed the creature nervously and cringed with each selection, as he received a greatly reduced price for each of the men so selected than what he could get had any other man chosen that particular slave for his own.  But none dared interfere and gave the Dreadlord first choice.
The creature eyed Darvin coldly, “and what of this wretch?”  
The slave master shivered, “he is nearly useless my lord.  He is not strong nor is he literate.”
The Dreadlord nodded grimly and smiled cruelly, “he has blood, that is enough.  I will take him off your hands for the usual price of such scum.”  The slave master nodded, not really interested in the gruesome fate that awaited the boy but happy to be rid of such a worthless creature, even for such a pittance.
“I will give you fifty for him,” came a quiet but strong voice.  
All stared in wonder and horror at the man who would dare thwart a Dreadlord.  The creature hissed, “that sum could buy you the best of these brutes.  What could you want with this wretch?  And how is it you dare defy me?”  
The man shrugged, “it seems a pity to waste a life in such a way, besides the boy has potential if one has the patience to teach him.”  
The Dreadlord smiled coldly, “mercy is not one of my failings, not that I have such as mortal men must endure.  I will leave the wretch and take you in his stead, that you might die in his place.”  
The man shrugged in a bored manner, “do as you please.”  
The Dreadlord snarled, “you do not cower in terror fool?  Know you not what I might do to a mortal man if I choose?”  
The man smiled grimly, “I certainly have no wish to know but what is the point in terror if it will not avail me?  I know very well that no mortal man can oppose you and live, but I would not be easy with myself if I left the boy to his fate and did nothing to help him.”
The Dreadlord laughed like a creaking door, “take the wretch and be gone!  You are more a fool than he!  Long may you live on in your ignorance and may it earn you the wretched end you deserve.  I would not soon deprive you of such misery.”  
The creature went away laughing horribly to himself and left the stranger to settle with the slave master for the obscene price he had paid for the pathetic boy.  Darvin was unchained from his fellows and curiously followed his new master to the edge of town, where he was instructed to mount a waiting horse and then to follow the man down the road; for the first time in days the boy actually felt the smallest stirring of hope in his breast and wondered if his new master could be quite sane after what he had dared with that creature in the slave market.  Night fell and they came to a small inn where the man found them supper and lodgings.  After their silent meal, they retreated to their room and the boy hoped at last to learn more of the strange man to whom he owed his very life.  He did not know what the Dreadlord intended but knew it could be neither good nor pleasant.
Said the man once they were alone, “you are dying of curiosity no doubt, to know what sane man would dare anger a Dreadlord?  I will not say it was wise but certainly it was necessary, else you would have died like a lamb upon the altar of his dread master that your blood might fuel their foul magics.  Now the question is what to make of your future?”
The boy sat heavily upon the bed, “my future sir?”  
The man smiled, “have you not a home to return to?”  
The boy shook his head grimly, “none save the father who sold me like a goat for the slaughter.  After risking so much, will you not make use of me?”  
The man shook his head, “nay lad, my duties have no place for an untrained boy.  If you are willing however, I can leave you in the company of those that can teach you much and perhaps give you a future.”  
The boy gaped, “this must be a wonderful dream!  My life is yours sir, you need only ask and I shall do whatever you would have of me.”  
The man said quietly, “I would have you give such devotion to the Master alone lad.”  
“The Master!” gasped the boy, “What can he have to do with me?”  
The man smiled, “it was He that purchased the life of every born man with his own blood, much as I bought yours this day.  But you must be willing to accept such a gift on your behalf, He forces it upon no one.  My friends shall teach you this as well.”  The boy looked skeptical, but as he had no other choice and he owed the man so much, he was willing to give this strange venture a chance.
After a time, they arrived in the remote village where Kyan had begun his own adventures, what seemed a lifetime ago.  Erian snorted his amusement, “do all mortal adventures begin in this place?”  
Kyan glanced back nervously at the rescued boy in fear that he might have heard the Pegassi’s unguarded outburst, but he was staring about in bafflement at what might bring them to this forgotten part of the world.  They drew rein before a rather humble house and Kyan knocked as Garren had so many years ago.  The same man emerged, though somewhat older, and gazed at the pair that stood before him.  He smiled upon recognizing Kyan but frowned at the boy, “he looks to be no warrior, lad.”
Kyan laughed, “there are more skills than fighting of use to our Master my good man, and the lad is certainly in possession of something you can find a use for.  He is ignorant of many things but I think you will find him a willing and swift learner.  I bid you farewell.”  
Kyan vanished swiftly from the village ere the man could question him too closely; he could not lie and he wished not to get into a conversation about how things were going with the Whiteguard or if he had yet joined the Knights.  The two he left behind exchanged a wondering look ere the man motioned for the boy to enter the house and closed the door quietly behind them.

Bayard happily settled in with the Knights in his captain’s stead.  His natural skill with a blade, courage, and loyalty impressed his new master and confirmed he had made the right decision in taking the boy on as an apprentice.  Ian was drawn from these contemplations by the sudden arrival of a Messenger.  “Garren!” said Ian in amazement.  Bayard looked on curiously, not knowing that the stranger before him had been reported dead years before.
Garren nodded to his former comrade and said, “I have some unpleasant orders for you, Ian.  There is an old hag you must hunt down and destroy.”  Ian’s eyes widened in surprise, these were certainly strange orders.  Continued Garren, “there can be no mercy or quarter given; she is guilty of blood magic which is strictly forbidden.  You can give her a chance to seek the Master’s mercy, but her life is forfeit regardless.”  Ian nodded his understanding.  Garren nodded his farewell, his mount shifted slightly, and he vanished from sight.  
Bayard gaped, “what just happened?”  
Ian smiled amusedly at his young apprentice, “that was one of the Messengers.  They come and go as they please, apparently oblivious to mortal physics and even time itself.  We often get special orders or aid from them.  This is the first time I’ve known the man personally.  He was my master when I was but an apprentice and he was reported dead some years ago.”  
Bayard was thoughtful for a moment, “we are to hunt down this witch?”  
Ian nodded, “though I have no idea how to find her.”  
Bayard said grimly, “we had best go back the way we came.  I think she is the woman who betrayed my company to their death!”  
Ian eyed the boy curiously, “your captain then was the man rumored to have willingly left Paradise?”  The boy nodded and Ian replied, “then I think it was your captain’s blood of which she is guilty, if legend can be believed.”  
The boy shivered, “but he was mortally wounded in the fighting.”  
Ian shook his head, “but he was not yet dead.  She must have finished him to consummate her spell.  Come!”  Bayard needed no urging to follow swiftly after his master.  
“He’s an impressive boy,” said Garren to Kyan as they sat their Pegassi, not far from where the little exchange had just taken place, though they remained hidden from mortal gaze.  
Kyan smiled proudly, “he will be of far more use to the Knights than ever I could have been.  He will go far.”  
“He will be the last,” came the Beloved Voice, as a far too wise magpie settled on a branch before them.  Continued the Bird, “the Enemy is shifting his focus away from his quasi-mortal servants like the Hunters and is rather creating more of his undead minions, thus the need for the Knights will also diminish and I will need more Messengers as he increases his own recruitment.  The whole Order will very soon be disbanded, and the current Knights must either retire or join up with either the Whiteguard or the Messengers.  Preferably the latter.”  Then He was gone.  The Messengers exchanged an eager look before vanishing likewise on their next errand.

The hag was not difficult to track down, for she lived in the area where she had betrayed Kyan’s company; a few questions asked of the locals soon brought them to her hovel.  Ian knocked upon her door, Bayard stood at his shoulder, nervously clutching at his sword.  “Come in,” came an amused voice from within.  The Knights exchanged a curious glance and entered the crumbling hut.  A disheveled woman of indeterminate age sat at her kitchen table fiddling with a pile of freshly gathered herbs.  She took one look at the men in her doorway and laughed raucously, “so you think to make an end of me do you?  You think yourselves qualified to play judge, jury, and executioner, eh?”  
Ian said quietly, “such are our orders madam.  Do you deny what you have done?”  
She laughed, “I have gained health anew and have enjoyed several days of vigor.  What have I to regret?  I suppose you’d like to see me on my knees in tears, begging your mercy or that of your thrice cursed Master?  Well, you need not bother yourselves for I am content and unrepentant.  Do as you think you must, but I warn you, you bring death upon your own heads.  I have set such spells and curses about myself and this house, that any who should harm it or me shall soon find themselves in dire trouble.  Well?”  
Ian shook his head, “you know yourself fully guilty of this crime madam and I dare not defy the orders I was given, and that was to show no mercy and give no quarter.  You will die for your crimes and no power of your own fell master will prevent that.”  Bayard looked about nervously, as if he feared the very roof would fall in upon them for their temerity.  Ian smiled at him in amusement, “whatever her foul witcheries lad, this thing must and will be done.  Fear not, our Master’s power is far greater than hers, come what may.”  
The hag just laughed scornfully at his brave words and eyed the boy, saying, “afraid lad?  Get out of here and you need fear nothing.  Who is your Master to demand the blood of a poor old woman?”  
The boy frowned, “and what pity had you upon a stricken and dying man?”  
The hag shrieked in amusement, “he was dear to you then?  A pity you could not avail him in his hour of greatest need!”
“Enough,” growled Ian, “you have had your say witch.  On your knees.”  
She shrieked like a fiend possessed and flew at Ian like a rabid cat, tearing at his face with her teeth and talon-like fingernails.  Bayard struck out in defense of his master and the woman fell dead to the floor.  He paid no heed to the fallen witch but stared in horror at the ruin she had made of Ian’s face.  She had scratched out his eyes, left deep gouges in his skin, and nearly torn off his nose.
“Help me lad!” gasped the horrified man.  The boy sprang into action and helped his stricken master to sit down and then sought about for rags and all else necessary to attend to the wounds.  Bayard froze in his harried search, as he suddenly saw his dead captain standing in their midst.  The sudden silence told Ian something was amiss and he gasped out, “what is it lad?”  
The boy stammered, “we are not alone.”  
Kyan smiled warmly at the boy, “peace, lad.  There is nothing to fear.”  
Ian whispered, “who is it?”  
Bayard said in astonishment, “my late captain!”  
Ian visibly relaxed, which set his apprentice suddenly at ease; if his master was not afraid of this apparition, then neither had he reason to fear.  Kyan said to the wounded man, “she has made quite a mess of you.”  
Ian sighed dejectedly, “and I will be of little use to our Master here after.”  
Kyan shook his head, “the Knights will soon be disbanded, you would have to seek another occupation regardless.”  
Ian was aghast, “but why?”  
Kyan smiled gently, “the enemy is disbanding his Hunters, assimilating them into his undead forces.  There will be little need for your service in future.”  
Ian sighed, “what then is to come of us all?”  
Kyan said, “you can rejoin the Whiteguard.”  
Ian snorted, “as if that is an option I could even consider in such a state!”  
“Or,” Kyan continued, “the Messengers will gladly have you.”  
Bayard gasped in wonder.  Ian whispered, “is it possible?  Could it be?  In such a state as this!”
It was Kyan’s turn to snort in amusement, “if a dead man can be admitted to such service, what is a minor facial wound?”  
Ian grinned, “when do we start?”  
Garren suddenly appeared on the scene, grimaced at the wounds of his former apprentice, and said, “we have company!”
“I have found you at last!” snarled Cayman as he entered the hovel, sword bared.  He quickly took in the scene before him, seeing the dead hag, the ruined Knight, the nervous but eager boy, Kyan, and the stranger from the inn from what seemed ages ago.  He laughed viciously, “I warned the old crone.  This is quite the reunion.  Kyan!  What are you doing here?”  
The Messenger shrugged, “you are not the only one who can thwart death.  What do you want?”  
Snarled the Hunter, “I promised to make an end of the boy or he can be sensible and enter the service of my Dark Master, I care not.”
Bayard growled, “do not be ridiculous!”  The two Messengers drew back, they could do nothing against such a foe.  The boy gasped, “will you not help me?”  
Cayman laughed derisively, “they are impotent fools, boy!  I shall make an end of you and leave your master to suffer the rest of his days alone!”  
Ian gasped, “no, leave us in peace!”  He was on his feet and had his sword in hand.  The Hunter laughed scornfully and easily struck down the blind Knight.  The boy gasped in horror and held his sword at the ready.  
The Hunter mocked, “you can harm me as little as your useless friends!”  He was right, the boy had not yet taken the Oaths that would give him the power to overcome such a foe.  The boy looked pleadingly towards his late captain, but Kyan could only shake his head sadly.  The boy sighed, knew it was hopeless, and set himself for his final confrontation.  It was soon over and the boy lay gasping out his life on the floor of the hovel while the Hunter laughed viciously and then turned to face his old companion.
“I have killed your whole company now, Captain!” mocked the Hunter, “Though I wonder how you survived after everything?  You will not survive this time!”
Kyan shook his head, “you have no power over me.  I did not survive our last encounter: I am beyond death.  Just as your latest victims are.  You have not destroyed them but have made them far more effective servants of our Master!”  
Cayman snarled as he struck out at Kyan, snarling, “a likely story.”  The Messenger did not even flinch and the blade might have been striking at cobwebs, for all of the Hunter’s valiant efforts there was no injury to his victim.  “No!” screeched Cayman, “It cannot be!  What is this?  What are you?”  
Garren smiled grimly, “we are the King’s Messengers and when next we meet, I doubt you will find us so ineffectual as foes.”  
The Hunter gasped, “and what is this you say?”  
Kyan said, “did you not know?  The Hunters will be disbanded, you must find a new line of work lest your master cast you into the Abyss.”  
Cayman paled, “I do not like the sound of this.  I have no wish to be other than I am!”  
Garren shook his head, “you can no longer be a mortal man.  Perhaps you can be recycled into something more useful to your master or perhaps he will simply be rid of you.”  
“Liars!” shrieked the distraught Hunter as he dashed from the hovel in dismay and terror.  The Messengers exchanged a curious glance, found their Pegassi, and vanished after their fled comrades.

Bayard glanced about him in wonder, as did Ian, whose countenance was fully restored.  Paradise stretched out below them, the Cleft gaped before them, and the peaks towered overhead.  They exchanged a delighted glance and it deepened as Kyan and Garren suddenly joined them.  After many enthusiastic greetings, Ian said, “I had no idea this was what you meant when you said we could join the Messengers!”  
Garren shrugged, “neither did I, but death has ever been the door by which one enters this service.”  
Bayard smiled broadly at Kyan, “I was aghast when you stood aside and would not help me, but now I understand.”  
Ian said thoughtfully, “is the entire Order of Knights to be disbanded?”  
Garren nodded, “they will all need to retire, join the ranks of the Whiteguard, or may choose to join the Messengers.”  
Ian shook his head, “none will retire, few will go back to the Whiteguard, most would probably want to join the Messengers, but that means they will share our fate?”  
Kyan nodded, “it will likely be a wholesale slaughter and the Enemy will think himself the victor.  Will our mortal allies fear themselves abandoned by our Master?”  
Garren shook his head, “the latter will not happen, for even as the Knights are destroyed, so too will the Messengers ride forth to give encouragement to those who need it.”  
Bayard looked hopefully at the two Pegassi and asked, “ride?”  Two more of the wondrous creatures suddenly appeared and for a few moments, the neophyte Messengers forgot all else and then all eight of them vanished from that lonely hilltop.

Bayard found himself paired up with Kyan for their next adventure.  Said the late captain, “to think I will be involved in the downfall of the Knights when it was once my dearest hope to join that august company!”  
Bayard laughed, “and to think I only rode with them for a fortnight!”  
Kyan grinned, “that was far more time with them than I had.  But at least they sent me a letter.”
The world resolved itself into a bustling market town, and judging from the crowds it must be a market day.  Bayard said in surprise, “I might have actually ridden for the Knights, but you are by far the more worldly one.  Where are we?”  
Kyan laughed, “you forget I was not born in this world, therefore you should be the wisest in such matters, but then you are much younger and I have seen a few things in my wanderings.  We are in the city where the Knights keep their headquarters.  We will be apprising the very Captains of the Knights that the time has come for greater things.”  Bayard quivered and Kyan asked, “are you nervous?”  
The boy nodded, “how can I face the Captains!  I am just a boy!”  
Kyan grinned, “no, you were just a boy.  Now you are one of the King’s Messengers and have nothing to fear from man or any other creature under the sun.  What’s the worst they could do?”  
Bayard said thoughtfully, “I suppose they could have us executed for treason?”  
Kyan snorted, “and how would they accomplish that?”  
Bayard smiled ruefully, “I guess I still have a lot to learn about being a Messenger.”  
Kyan laughed, “it will come.”
They drew rein before a rather unimposing building which housed the headquarters of the Knights.  Bayard had thought they would have a great palace at their disposal, but they did not even have the entirety of this drab building to themselves.  But as he thought upon the matter, he supposed the last thing they would want to do is draw attention to themselves lest the Enemy find them and destroy the leaders of the Order in one fell swoop.
A stuffy secretary sat at a desk in the front chamber of the crumbling building and asked after their business.  He took in their drab attire and the swords at their hips and said conspiratorially, “I do not suppose you are here to see our esteemed seamstress, the cobbler, or the troop of mimes?”  Bayard frowned in confusion as Kyan grinned in amusement.  The secretary said dryly, “very good sir, you will find your party up the stairs and to the left.”  Kyan thanked the man, who was already busy with his paperwork, and led the way up the stairs.  
It was an unremarkable corridor and had only one plain door at the end.  Kyan knocked politely and waited for an answer, but none came.  He knocked again, this time with the special rhythm Garren had used so many years before upon the door of the man in that remote village where his adventures had begun.  This time the door opened and an aging woman looked questioningly into the hall.  She studied the strangers before stepping aside and allowing them into the chamber within.  It was another unremarkable room of plain boards with functionality being the main theme of the décor.  The three aging men who sat at work at desks in various parts of the room glanced up curiously and studied the newcomers without recognizing either of them.  
The youngest of the three stood and made his way to the strangers, taking in every detail as he approached.  “Good day gentlemen,” said he in greeting, “how may we be of service?”  
Kyan asked politely, “would you be the Captains of the Knights?”
The three men and the maid seemed aghast that he had spoken such aloud, but their questioner replied quietly, “who would be asking?”  
Kyan said, “a late captain of the Whiteguard and one of your former Apprentices.”
The man frowned, “he seems a bit too young for an Apprentice and if he is, he must be new, because I do not recognize his face.  What can we do for you Captain?”  The man frowned and added, “what do you mean by ‘late captain’ and ‘former apprentice?’  We have no former Apprentices.”  
Kyan replied, “I received orders to report as an Apprentice of the Knights upon completion of my final patrol.  My entire company perished, save for this boy, thus I was unable to fulfill my commission.  The Knight that came seeking the letter, found it in his possession and took the boy on in my stead.  Alas, both were struck down a few weeks later by the Hunter that vowed to destroy my entire company and so has he succeeded.”  
The man stared at the pair as if they were mad.  He asked in astonishment, “if you are dead, what are you doing here?”
Kyan said quietly, “captain, we are harbingers of doom.  At least for the Order of Knights, time is at an end.”  
The captain frowned, “who gives you the authority to make such proclamations?”
Kyan said firmly, “the Master Himself has said as much and sends us to tell you thus.”  
All three of the captains had joined the conversation.  The eldest said, “why?”
Kyan shook his head, “the Enemy is disbanding his Hunters; the Knights are no longer needed.”  
The second eldest asked, “what is to come of us and our men?”  
Kyan said, “they can retire from service, join the Whiteguard, or join ranks with the Messengers.”  
“The Messengers?” gasped the youngest, “How is such to be attained?”
Bayard said quietly, “choose carefully captain, such service will cost you your life.  So did I choose and thus did we perish.”
The three captains drew aside and conferred for several minutes, the eldest seemed the most distraught.  They returned and the eldest said, “these are strange tidings indeed!  Are we to disband the Knights just because you tell us to?”  
Kyan shook his head, “we are here merely as a courtesy.  The Knights will be disbanded regardless of any action or inaction on your part, captain.  Have you a decision about your personal careers?”  
The eldest crossed his arms and shook his head, “I will continue as the Captain of the Captains, regardless of your words boy.  I will lead the Knights until there are none to lead!”
Kyan shook his head, “which means you will have a job for about another fortnight.”  He eyed the younger pair, “and you gentlemen?”  
The pair exchanged a grim glance, looked on their stubborn companion, shook their heads, and replied, “we will remain at our posts until the Order is fully disbanded, then we must decide what to do with our lives, or whatever is left of them.”  
Kyan nodded, “very well gentlemen.  I shall return when all is said and done.”  
Just then the door burst open and Cayman charged in.  The little maid squealed and ran from the room in terror.  The intruder gaped at Bayard and Kyan, “you again!  Why must you always ruin my moment of triumph?  Move aside!”  
The three old Captains had by no means lost their vitality or their instincts from their days of action.  They knew the intruder to be a Hunter the moment he entered the room and they were soon drawing forth the swords that had not left their sides in all their long years of service.  Bayard looked questioningly at Kyan, who shook his head, “they must deal with this menace themselves, but we have our own foe to face.”  
Bayard followed the other’s gaze and gasped, for a Dreadlord followed the Hunter into the room, but at a much more slow and arrogant pace than that set by his overeager companion.  He laughed haughtily upon spying the two seeming boys that dared bar his way.  Bayard gasped, “have you ever tangled with one of these creatures?”  
Kyan gave him an eager grin, “there is a first time for everything.”  Bayard shook his head in wonder and set himself for battle.
Kyan leapt upon the creature while Cayman was occupied with, and far outnumbered by, his intended victims.  The Messenger and the Dreadlord clashed for a few moments, but a quick thrust to the chest banished the elder Messenger in a flash of light, but the Dreadlord’s triumph was short-lived, for he had forgotten Bayard in his eagerness to dispatch the elder of the pair.  The boy’s sword swiftly found its mark while the monster gloated in its victory, sending him back to his miserable lord.  Bayard’s eyes were wide with excitement and wonder, but he soon overcame his amazement enough to focus on what had come of the Captains.  They stood about panting and binding up minor wounds, but otherwise seemed none the worse for wear.  
Cayman, on the other hand, lay gasping on the floor, his eyes wide with horror, “this cannot be!  Three old men cannot vanquish me!”  
The eldest of the Knights shook his head, “let that be a lesson, lad.  Just because we are old does not make us feeble!”  The Hunter struggled to his feet, hissed at his victorious foes, and then leapt out the nearest window ere they could finish him.  The Captains then turned their eyes upon Bayard, questions and thanks burning in their eyes.  
The boy smiled awkwardly under the gaze of such august men, but said, “would you mind giving me a list of all your Knights, my good Captains?”  The three exchanged a silent look, the eldest shrugged his shoulders, and together they made their way to a hidden door in one wall, withdrawing a sealed scroll, and handing it silently to the boy.
Said the eldest, “that is a complete list of our men.  It will draw them to the bearer and draw the bearer to those listed upon it.  So will it aid you in your task, which seems to be the destruction of our Order!”  
Bayard shook his head, “nay Sir, the Order is ended despite anything you might do or not do, this will simply make it easier for your men to transition to whatever comes after.”  He bowed deeply, a great horse suddenly appeared at his side, and just as suddenly he mounted and both vanished from sight.  The Captains exchanged a grim look and returned to their interrupted tasks, wondering what would be their future.

The world resolved itself into a forest glade wherein waited not only Kyan but also Ian and Garren, as if they had nothing more important to do for all eternity than to stand about waiting for Bayard.  The boy leapt from his saddle and handed his list to Garren, who studied it for a moment with no little awe, never having anticipated holding this legendary document in his hands, then he almost shuddered as he tore the list in half and handed one portion to Kyan and kept the other for himself.  Kyan briefly scanned the list, caught Bayard’s eye, nodded farewell to their comrades and then all vanished about their business.  
“Why do we need a list?” came Bayard’s eager question, “Can we not accomplish our task without it?”  
Kyan shrugged, as they rode along in the grassy hill country into which the world had resolved itself, “this is a strange list, it seems to be imbued with rather miraculous properties, including attracting any Knights in the area and removing or adding names of its own accord.  It will make our job a bit easier to accomplish, though perhaps no more pleasant to those to whom we are sent.”  
Bayard grinned, “I rather like our new profession.”  
Kyan smiled over his shoulder, “were you not appalled at first that we would stand aside and do nothing?”
The boy looked thoughtful and then nodded, “I had forgotten that in the excitement of this new adventure.  I suppose the remaining Knights shall see things initially as I once did!”
Their conversations was interrupted as a man in his middle years crested the rise above them, followed closely by a much younger man.  Seeing nothing threatening in the pair of strangers, the Knight and his apprentice rode down to meet these men who drew him irresistibly to themselves.  
“Good day,” said the Knight, “can we be of service to you?”  
Kyan smiled, “no, but perhaps we can explain what draws you hither.”  
The Knight smiled eagerly, “that would be appreciated.  But I assume you carry the List?”  Kyan nodded and the Apprentice gasped, the List had not been brought forth in living memory, this man’s errand must be truly prodigious!  The Knight asked in wonder, “what could be so important that such a legendary document is brought forth in our lifetimes?”  
Kyan shook his head sadly, “yours is the last generation of the Knights.  The Master is disbanding the Order, as the plots of our Enemy have changed and soon the Hunters will be no more.”  
“Disbanding?” came the shocked reply, “What is to come of us then?”  
Kyan said, “you must retire, rejoin the Whiteguard, or join the Messengers.”  
The man did not look pleased with these options as Kyan spoke but said with some awe, as he heard the last, “truly, the Messengers?  I had thought them merely a legend!”  
Kyan smiled wistfully, “we are, but in choosing to join us, your life is hereafter forfeit.”
The Knight frowned, “you threaten me?”  
Kyan shook his head grimly, “nay, but death is the only way one enters this service.”  
The Knight looked thoughtful and then turned to his companion, “what of you lad?”  
The boy shook his head, “I am not quite ready to die, yet I would not be content returning to the Whiteguard, and would never willingly retire.  What choice is left me?”  
This last was aimed at Bayard, who appeared no older than himself.  Bayard grinned, “strangely, death was the better choice, thereby I have gained true Life!”  
The Knight barked a laugh, “truly spoken lad.  I do not fear death and certainly not anything thereafter.”  The Apprentice smiled nervously, but he nodded eagerly in accord with his master.  
Kyan nodded grimly but a faint smile graced his lips, as he said, “then we shall very soon be calling you comrades.  Farewell!”  The Pegassi reared and the pair suddenly vanished, leaving the Knight and his Apprentice to stare after in wonder.  It was not long after that their names vanished from Kyan’s list.

So it was, that all over the world, the entire Order of Knights quickly dwindled and then vanished entirely, until only the three eldest remained.  Kyan and Bayard returned to that unremarkable building, their grim task nearly complete.  Only three names remained on their list and then the entire Order would be merely a curiosity of the past.  They knocked in the familiar way and were admitted by the same faithful woman, who took one glance at the pair and fled from the room in near terror, remembering their last visit.  The three aged gentlemen rose upon their entering and looked with both dread and anticipation at the newcomers.
Kyan handed the eldest the torn list; the man looked at it stonily and passed it to the others.  Said the eldest, once the others had seen that their names alone remained on the roll of the Order, “I suppose the other half is blank?”  Kyan nodded.  
The trio sighed as the eldest spoke for them all, “then there is no more use for us in our current role, yet we are too old to gad about amongst the Whiteguard and have spent too much of our lives in this service to be content in retirement.  We have served faithfully for near three hundred years and would prefer to lay down our swords, yet returning to a normal mortal life is not something to which we aspire.  What then is our choice?”  
Kyan smiled warmly, “you have served faithfully and long, the mortal world is no longer a fit home for you.  Would you mind us escorting you to the borders of the Master’s own bright country?”  Their faces brightened at this and nearly glowed as the Pegassi appeared amongst them.  The poor little maid never knew what came of her dear masters, at least while life lasted.
Kyan and Bayard left the little trio on the slopes of the steepest mountains of Paradise with instructions to ascend the heights and discover what lay on the other side.  They exchanged an eager grin and disappeared into the clinging mists like eager children.  Bayard looked up wistfully, “I suppose we can go ourselves at the time of our choosing.  It is a call hard to resist.”  
Kyan smiled, “it will be an interesting climb one day, but not now.”  
Erian shook his head, “that is my homeland above, I will return one day, but certainly not now.”  Bayard smiled, his Pegassi reared, and they all vanished anew.

Kyan sighed heavily, “can we do nothing?”
Garren shook his head and sadly turned to watch the ongoing destruction before them, “we are here merely as witnesses, though perhaps more good may come of it than we can ever comprehend.”  
“This place was the nearest thing I ever had to a home in this world,” said Kyan heavily.  
Garren nodded, “so it is for most of us who served in the Whiteguard, but at last the Enemy has found the village and he will not leave a stone or beam standing in its place ere he is done.”  
Two companies of the Blackguard had fallen upon the small settlement just past midnight.  The newest company of the Whiteguard had just ridden off two days prior, leaving only the aging instructors and their families to occupy the hamlet until more recruits arrived for training.  The dozen or so inhabitants of the town were easily overrun by their attackers; the only survivor seemed to be Darvin, who wore a rather disgusted but somehow triumphant sneer on his face.  He stood beside Cayman as they oversaw the obliteration of the settlement but neither saw the pair of mounted Messengers watching as well.  They killed the inhabitants, ransacked the buildings and bodies, and once they were sure nothing of value or interest remained, burned everything.  The two companies formed up and marched off, leaving behind scorched earth, smoking coals, and the Hunter and his companion.
Cayman turned to the boy, “you do not look pleased.  I had thought as you had betrayed this little pocket of rebellion to us that you would enjoy watching its end.”  
Shrugged the boy, “I take no pleasure in such destruction, regardless of who or what is destroyed.  It is inefficient and wasteful.  I betrayed them to you because I thought it the fastest way of gaining power and standing for myself, little caring what it cost them, for not even my own father cared about my pain as long as it benefited himself.  They preached of loving all men and doing what is right, but there is little profit in such things, thus have they paid for their idiocy.  I cannot respect their ways, but I do owe them some gratitude for teaching me to read and giving me a basic, though skewed education.”  
Cayman gave him a quizzical look, “this is how you repay a debt of gratitude?”  
The boy shrugged, “I am grateful to them, but let us not get sentimental about it.  They asked for nothing in return, thus I feel no obligation on my part.  I saw a way to benefit myself and I took it.  Business is business.”
Cayman stared at the boy, though he himself had committed countless acts of unspeakable evil and known others who had done worse, this boy seemed by far the most coldhearted and ruthless of them all for his complete lack of feeling.  He did what he did for the mere benefit to himself, not because he hated his enemies or enjoyed violence and destruction.  Most of his Dread Majesty’s slaves and servants at least enjoyed their work!  This creature was far less human than the most hideous of their master’s servants.  He turned to the heartless lad, “we had best be going then.  Your price shall be paid and after, I have my own dilemma to deal with.”  He sighed heavily as he mounted his horse, not liking the choice before him.  
The boy climbed onto one of the beasts salvaged from the village and followed the Hunter away from the charred remnants of what had been his home, pondering what his companion’s words might mean and how he might turn them to his own advantage.  The Messengers silently followed.  Kyan said grimly to Garren, “it was I that rescued that boy from a slave market where a Dreadlord was intent on buying him as a goat for the altar.  I wonder if I should not have left him there?”  
The Magpie swooped low overhead and said, “do not be ridiculous, I intended for that boy to have a chance to use his skills for My purposes.  But he chose to use them for selfish and evil purposes.  That is the chance one takes if one chooses to love.”
The Bird vanished and the two Messengers and their Pegassi shivered with Joy, but Kyan quickly took the point.  He could only do his best, it was often up to others to choose and many times they would choose poorly.  They rode on for several days until the world grew more civilized about them.  The boy and his companion said very little to one another, merely that required by the necessities of their journey; little did they know of their silent and invisible shadows.
Finally, they came to a fork in the road one bright morning, whereat a Dreadlord was waiting for them.  He snarled at the Hunter, “it is time wretch!  You had better be ready.  Once I have delivered this one to his fate, I shall return and accompany you to yours.  Await me here.”  
The boy shivered and wondered if this creature was the same as that which had tried to buy him from the slave markets what seemed a lifetime ago.  It little mattered, he consoled himself, soon he would be rich and powerful and would have little more to do with these slaves of evil.  He had been promised a lordship for his services and greatly looked forward to the day when others would tremble at his words.  As they vanished over the hill, the boy absently looked back and wondered what the Hunter dreaded so much.  Garren followed the retreating pair but Kyan remained near the distraught Hunter, unseen until the others had passed out of sight.
Cayman gasped to see a mounted man suddenly appear when he had finally thought himself alone.  He snarled when he realized who it was, “come to boast then?  To triumph over me in my hour of despair?”  
Kyan shook his head and said hopefully, “I have come to tell you that there is still hope.  You need not fall into despair and eternal darkness.”  
Scoffed the Hunter, “and what would you know of the matter?”  
Kyan smiled slightly, “I have just finished my part in disbanding the Knights, it is no secret to me that your master is retiring his Hunters.  The question is, what will come of you in this new age?  Nearly all of the Knights have joined the Messengers.  What of you?”  
Cayman gasped, “but that means they freely chose death?”  
Kyan nodded but said softly, “but what is that to the Master’s servants?”  
Cayman snarled, “it is everything to me!  I have no choice but death!  Eternal death!  Die now and be lost to the abyss or endure some hideous ritual and enter a living death, no more than a slave!  Either way, I am lost.”
“No,” said Kyan, “else I would not be here.  You live still, albeit you have made a foolish bargain with the Enemy to gain power and life, but now the bill has come due.  It is not too late to seek the Master.”  
The Hunter squawked, “the Master!  Have you any idea what I have done?”  
Kyan nodded, “I was there when you destroyed the village, and I know you have done far worse, yet still there is hope if you seek redemption.”  
Cayman shivered, “but if I forsake my master, I shall die.”  
Kyan snorted, “it sounds like he will see you dead regardless, at least in the Master, you will not be trapped in eternal death but merely pass from this dismal sphere into something far greater.”  
Cayman sighed heavily, “I have dreaded this day since it was told me what would come of the Hunters.  I knew I could not enter the ranks of the undead yet the darkness of Nothing was all that awaited me else.  After all I have done, there is still hope?”  Kyan nodded and Cayman sighed in relief, “I am a fool, have been a fool from the moment I thought to enter the Cleft.  At last I see what you knew almost from the beginning of our foolish adventure.  I will return to Him who I thought it truly wise to forsake!”  With these heartfelt words, a great pain erupted in his chest and he fell from his horse, stone dead.  Kyan smiled sadly, Erian shifted, and suddenly they were gone.  
The Dreadlord returned a day later to find his quarry dead where he had fallen and wondered if the idiot could be so foolish as to choose death rather than service among the undead ranks of his Dark Highness’ servants.  He turned unconcernedly and rode off to his next assignment.  Somewhere beyond all the mornings of our tired world, Cayman too was beginning his next adventure.




Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog



A sample story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’


There was an old woman
Lived under a hill,
And if she’s not gone
She lives there still.
~Nursery Rhyme~

Sophie Under the Hill

Her choice of domicile was peculiar, at least to sensibilities distant in time or space, but for all I know it was a rather common phenomenon in that particular place and time, but even if it were not, it suited her and to her mind that was all that mattered, which was as it should be.  For you see, she dwelt under a hill and had for as long as local memory could remember, which might as well have been for all eternity as far as most folk were concerned.  So it was that this curious old woman, who was apparently never young, acquired a reputation far and wide for not only being rather mysterious, which is what living in any fashion not considered ordinary will gain you, but also for possessing great wisdom, which is the result of living sensibly and being content therein rather than living as your neighbors think you ought and depending solely upon their opinions for your happiness.  So it was that her neighbors held her in great awe and even a little fear, at least if an outsider asked them, but amongst themselves they often whispered darkly about the dear lady, with no little of malice and jealously festering beneath their bitter words.  For you see, she minded her neighbors not in the least in any matter, preferring to do solely as it pleased her and seeming to thrive thereby which vexed them greatly, for no one should succeed without their input.  It was witchery of the vilest sort.
Such an enigmatic and sagacious person held a certain attraction for adventurous youths and questing knights which was not hindered in the least by darker rumors, for who else could offer desperately needed wisdom and advice as such were often seeking?  These frequent and unwelcome visitors, at least as the neighbors saw it, only caused further scandal and disquiet in the community, which continued to heighten the dame’s infamy and only drew sooth seekers from even more distant climes.  These visits drove the neighbors to distraction but the aged lady welcomed each and every visitor as if he were a lost son come home after many years abroad.  Though in truth she was neither a worker of terrible magics nor a possessor of knowledge arcane and grim, but what she did have was something far outside the common ken of mortals, and blessed were those who sought her wisdom and received it with a willing heart.  She did not whisper in secret with the shades of ancient sages or count her years more numerous than the usual wont of men.  So how was it that this near mystical lady came to be a font of wisdom of which the bold and adventurous, the rich and the powerful, oft came to drink?
She was possessed of a great deal of what is wrongly called commonsense, for though quite sensible it is far from common, and thus did many come to visit with the curious lady who dwelt quaintly under hill.  She lived quietly, prudently, and contentedly for many a year, much to the annoyance of her neighbors, who could not comprehend such a life and the enjoyment thereof, yet in their self-inflicted misery thought themselves the happier by far but did not understand the source of their own consternation.  
So what great advice or sagacious snippets did she give this vast and curious throng that sought her out over the years?  What could a woman who lived under a hill in a far flung district know of the world at large or people in particular?  This is what all such visitors often asked themselves, but then they had to remember that often what they most sought was to be found in rather strange places, so contented themselves with imbibing a draught of wisdom from this uncanny font.  One such adventurer, a peasant lad of the age when he should be finding something useful to do with his life, one day appeared at her door.  He knocked boldly, she opened the door with a small, quiet smile that might have been concealing a knowing laugh, and ushered the awkward boy into the cheerful main room of the infamous cottage under hill.  His awkwardness vanished as he took the offered chair, munched upon a cookie, and sipped the fresh brewed tea, feeling as if he were sitting at table with his own dear granny.  That spritely smile deepened, as if she knew his thoughts, which was very likely as she was rumored to be all knowing, and she asked if she might refill his tea.
He nodded and then began his tale, as she poured, “I need a direction in life, that is why I am come.  But of course you knew that already.  So what shall I do?  My parents wish me to apprentice with the cobbler and marry a nice girl once I have established myself.  I want to go adventuring and become a man of wealth and renown, and likely marry a princess, or at least a noble’s daughter.  What must I do to make my dreams come true?”
Said she with the selfsame smile, “what are these dreams for which you reach?”
The boy stared at her blankly, completely lost as to an answer, his mouth half full of cookie.  After a moment he shut his mouth, chewed thoughtfully, swallowed slowly, and said in perplexity, “what are my dreams?  They are dreams, aspirations, ideals!  What else?”
She laughed like a spring rain, “that is all mist and moonbeams lad!  Nothing onto which you can hope to gain a hold nor a proper hook on which to hang a life.  You need something concrete, something real, something for which to aim.  Can you go hunting with such aspirations and hope to come home successful?  Nay lad, you must have a target to shoot at or your arrows will be loosed for naught.  What is it you want out of life?  Where do you want to be ten or twenty years from now?”
The boy gaped at her again, this time with nothing in his mouth, and suddenly shut his hanging jaw with an audible click.  He frowned in thought and was silent for an interminable time before finally saying, “I want to be like my father: a prosperous and respected man in the village with a loving, happy family.”  He smiled broadly, “your fame is not unearned my lady!”  He stood and bowed formally, if awkwardly for lack of practice, “your wisdom gives me hope and direction I would not otherwise have had!  Thank you, dear lady!”  He nearly skipped out the door and turned his steps towards home, wishing he could start his apprenticeship that very moment.
She watched him go, shaking her head in amusement and that impish smile of delight now sparkling in her eyes.  She had long ago given up trying to explain to such guests that they often already possessed the so-called wisdom they sought and merely needed to clarify their own thoughts on the matter in question.  Time and again had they given her credit for vast depths of wisdom that she did not necessarily possess.  She shook her head ruefully and was about to close the door when her nearest neighbor slipped in at the last moment uninvited, eyeing the remaining cookies and cold tea with interest.  Said she without preamble, “more mysterious visitors, hmmm?  Care to say more?”
The lady of the house stood by the half open door, as if waiting for her uninvited guest to take the hint and leave, but the invader just stood there waiting for an explanation and fresh tea.  The good dame continued to stand there in silence and her neighbor’s consternation grew by the moment, finally she turned on her heel and in a flutter of skirts and apron, the nosy woman retreated to gossip with her cronies about the abominable manners and the sinister dealings she was no doubt having with all these strangers as she was unwilling to discuss the matter with her nearest and dearest.  The old woman’s smile now held an ironic twist, knowing exactly what tale her exasperated neighbor was even now carrying to the rest of the village.  She laughed outright and went to put the tea things in order. 




Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume VI:’

Beyond the Morning:

The historians and astronomers and geologists will tell you that the world revolves around the sun and that the earth is round, but my dear child, they are all of them wrong.  Yes, quite wrong, utterly and completely.  Men once thought the world flat and that the sun revolved around the earth, and I think, perhaps men were wiser in those days.  Of course, this is a fairy tale so I might be mistaken, but at least in this particular world this happened to be the case.  In the beginning of things this world had been quite like all the others, but men did not like the way things were so they rebelled against Him who made the worlds and quite made a mess of things.  So it was that the world literally fell to pieces, leaving it flat with little bits like islands floating to the East and a shadowy chunk lurking beneath, where nasty things lived and breathed and had their being.  
Mountains ringed the whole world about, keeping the water and most of the inhabitants inside, save for one small gap where the Great Sea found an outlet and fell in a great waterfall into fathomless depths below.  But the sun boiled the water every night as it passed beneath this strange world and it fell again as rain very early every morning.  Thus the Sea was fresh water (and not salt as you might think) and the world never suffered drought nor a rainy day that might ruin all the picnics.  So in general, it was a rather prosperous and happy world.  Except of course for that minor problem of man’s rebellion against his Maker.  Besides for that minor glitch, it was quite a wonderful place to call home and an especially good place to have a picnic.
But what was to come of that little matter mentioned above which brought sorrow, death, illness, and violence upon a once joyous and peaceful world?  Well, things certainly could not remain as they were, for the Master loved his creatures far too much to leave them in such a miserable story so He came Himself to set things aright.  To think that He who made everything would leave unimaginable Glory to spend time amongst the very things He created, naughty as they were.  At first, they were quite happy to listen to His stories and benefit from His miracles, but they grew tired of His preaching and jealous of His power, so they did the only reasonable thing and killed the One who invented Life.  
Only you cannot kill Him, at least not forever (no matter what the skeptics tell you) and He lived again, but in dying He conquered Death and since the price of rebellion and sin is death, He just happened to pay for all the mistakes and bad deeds of His poor, sundered creatures.  The only problem was, most of them were not interested in such a silly thing as redemption, thank you very much!  They were quite happy with life the way it was and really could care less about such wondrous Love.  They wanted to mind their own business and wanted Him to mind His, of course not realizing that their wellbeing was His business.  So it was, that He went back to His place and left the world to do as it pleased, at least until that exciting day when He promised to return and stay forever and ever with his Creatures that really wanted to be with Him; the rest could spend all of eternity in a place where He would never bother them again and they could do very much as they pleased, which they would soon come to realize was not very much fun at all.

The centuries passed and men multiplied and filled the whole earth, and with more people came the obvious problems of greed, war, strife, jealousy, and rage with the strong oppressing the weak, not to mention an increase in littering and other such crimes.  Certain countries were better or worse than others in matters of justice and peace, as is always true of the lands of men.  In this particular time and place, it was a rather peaceful and prosperous country that was more just than many lands in the history of this world.  Its neighbors too were relatively peaceful which allowed them all to dwell for a time in quiet harmony.  In the specific neighborhood where this story begins, there were a number of rather rich and influential families with any number of well-bred and educated offspring, all ready to make their way in the wide world.  
There were three boys who were quite good friends and had been since the dawn of time, or at least for as long as they could remember.  There was nothing that could ever come between them, save perhaps those insurmountable forces of love and death, for taxes as we currently know them had not yet been invented.  One of these young men was quite sick and on the verge of that dreadful enemy of mortality, or at least of childhood, yes, romantic love.  He was quite sure he wanted to marry the most beautiful (and rich) girl in the neighborhood, and while his friends were quite happy for his good fortune, they really did not wish to see their little trio broken up.  While our love-stricken Kyan was off romancing his ladylove, our two remaining heroes, Bayard and Griffin, fell in with an old man who told the most wonderful stories.  
He told them of things long ago and things yet to come, of a Great King who had left his Eternal Throne to dwell among mortal men.  Of the Great Enemy who had left the service of this King long before the worlds were made, and his intent to corrupt or destroy all that his former Master had wrought, including mankind.  They were intrigued by these tales, especially when told that even Today, men must decide on whose side they would live and fight, for it was a war older than Time and none could stand aside or plead ignorance.  They must either stand with the King or fall with the Enemy.  Quite excited by this prospect, the youths dashed back to find the missing member of their little company who was just bidding farewell to his darling, both with stars in their eyes.  
“I must soon propose,” said he, as if in a dream.  
“Yes, yes,” said Bayard impatiently, “all in good time, but come, there is something you must hear!”  
Smiling dreamily, Kyan did not resist his friends as they led him back to the interesting man who had so excited their young hearts.  The man smiled upon the love-stricken youth, remembering his own days of courting, back when the world was new.  Finally, the young man roused from his rosy visions enough to listen to those things the man had to tell.  A thrill of excitement ran down his spine, for here was a purpose and a calling indeed!
To tell the truth, the boys and most of their cohort were bored.  They had every material pleasure their hearts could desire but it was not enough.  Kyan thought himself in love, but mostly he just liked being liked and had no comprehension of the true meaning of the word Love.  They had no purpose, no direction, no meaning.  What was the point of living?  But here was an explanation for why the world was as it was and a challenge to live a life of significance.  Said the man in caution, “remember lads, the Master demands your whole heart and being, your very souls!  There are those that oppose Him bitterly and you might well pay for your devotion with your lives.  If you still wish to pursue this calling, come tonight when we shall all gather in one place.”  
The boys exchanged an excited smile as he told them when and where to gather, so too did the dark figure smile as he listened intently from his hiding place, but his grin held only eager malice, there was no joy in the gesture at all.  The boys dashed off to further discuss these exciting revelations while the old man continued on his way.  The dark figure went in search of reinforcements, for he wanted this to be a memorable evening indeed.

Just because they had a secret meeting scheduled for later in the evening, did not mean the three lads could miss the biggest ball of the season.  They dandied themselves up to perfection and looked forward to resuming their eager conversation in some quiet corner of the great house that hosted this evening’s festivities.  But their mothers and the assorted ladies their own age expected them to dance unceasingly for the first part of the evening.  Having accomplished their social obligations, Bayard and Griffin managed to slip quietly away but Kyan found himself unable to disentangle himself from Suzanne, who though very attractive this evening, no longer dazzled his mind into pure and utter worship.  He tried time and again to join his friends, but the girl was persistent and would not loose her hold on his sleeve.  Finally he said, “Suzanne you must let me go!  I cannot remain here any longer, for there is a needful thing I must do this evening.”  
She pouted quite alluringly, “I had hoped you meant to propose this night.”  
He swallowed hard, what had he been thinking to be so enamored with this girl?  This would not be easy, but it must be done, he said as gently as he could, “I have come to realize I cannot marry you my dear…”  
He trailed off as she shrieked, “what!?!” at the top of her lungs and froze the dancers in their steps.  Kyan blushed scarlet, but did not lose this chance to escape the clutches of his lovely and furious companion.
His friends laughed merrily at Kyan’s predicament, but eagerly hastened to the secret meeting arranged by the old man.  In the depths of the woods they met, with a glorious sky full of stars looking on and the trees standing in silent vigil about them.  The embarrassed trio was the last to arrive and the old man said amusedly, “I was afraid you would not make it.”  
“Now,” said he to the dozen young men that had answered his call, “you are probably all wondering why we are here?”  There were several murmurs of excitement as the man continued, “I invited you here tonight to learn more about those things that I hinted at in our previous conversations.  You are those who seemed most eager for this mysterious calling.  It is in no way required that you go any deeper into this matter if all you wish is to serve our Master in your daily lives, this you can accomplish quite easily in your day to day living by following those precepts I have already imparted to you.  This meeting is solely for those who wish to know more of this ancient war and your potential role in it.  If you commit to this venture, your lives are no longer your own.  You will agree to dedicate them solely, and wholly for the use of our Master and whatever task he appoints each of you.  There are those who oppose us with every fiber of their being and every power they possess; they will stop at nothing to thwart our Master’s will.  This quest will claim your lives, whether it be tonight or a hundred years from now, I cannot say but you must know this before we continue.  If there are any here who wish to leave at this point, by all means, get you gone.”
There was some embarrassed shifting but no one moved.  The man smiled grimly, “then if you are serious in this endeavor, I hereby swear you all to utter secrecy.  What you are about to hear is known to very few who still walk this mortal earth.  You know of the ancient war between the Master and His once great servant who has become His greatest Enemy.  This Enemy does not sleep, nor is he willing to let mortal men live in peace.  There are men abroad who have sold their souls into slavery to this dark lord, some even have entered a living death and have become terrible creatures that do naught but his will.  What I ask of you this night is to join the ranks of those who oppose these vile men and their undead comrades, that your kith and kin might dwell obliviously in peace.”  
The three latecomers exchanged wide-eyed looks of wonder, excitement coursed through their veins.  The old man continued long into the night, making sure his listeners fully understood what it was they were about to undertake.  Finally he finished and asked, “are there any who now would stand aside?”  No one moved.  “Very well,” said he gravely, “come forth one by one and swear yourselves to this service.”  And so they came forward, each stating his intention to fully abide by all the old man had said, and then taking a long draught of water out of an ancient flagon.  “Now,” he said, once the last had come forth. “you are each sealed to this cause.  Your duties and service will vary, but in the days to come you will each know what is asked of you.  Let us disperse before our enemies find us, go back to your homes, and await eagerly your Calling.”
The moon had risen and was well overhead by this time, giving plenty of light to the sojourners as they talked eagerly amongst themselves and started to slowly drift away toward their respective homes.  All chaos suddenly broke loose amidst the scattered company as nameless creatures howled, wailed, and shrieked in the night, even as arrows and swords, claws and teeth struck wildly into the now panicked gathering.  “Run!” shouted the old man, and then everything was terror and frenzy amongst the once eager initiates.  Bayard screamed as something viciously sunk its claws into his back, but his two friends each grabbed one of his hands and drew him along in their flight.  They found their horses still tied where they had left them, but mad with fright.  They disentangled the panicky beasts, who needed no further urging to run.  They galloped madly off into the night, heedless of holes or branches that might suddenly end their mad flight, only knowing that worse was behind than any danger that might lurk ahead.
They almost thought themselves away, when a fiendish howl behind them fed fresh fire into their horses’ panic and the fear coursing through their own hearts.  They prayed desperately to the Master they barely knew for salvation and wondered at the strange fate that would rob them of their lives the very night they decided to make something of them.  Griffin’s horse screamed, as only a mortally wounded equine can, and went crashing to the earth with his master upon his back, crying, “ride, ride!  My horse has broken his leg.  Don’t stop, it will be the death of us all…”  
Bayard and Kyan exchanged a terrified look, wanting to stop their mad flight and aid their friend, but his cries were already lost as whatever was pursuing them fell upon their fallen friend.  All they could do was ride on in horror and grief.  They galloped on until morning, having heard no sign of pursuit since poor Griffin had fallen behind.  The rosy shades of dawn revealed the Great Sea shining crimson before them as their poor beasts collapsed on the beach in exhaustion.  A little boat lay upon the shore and beckoned to both of the exhausted boys; they exchanged a tired smile and quickly climbed into the little craft and put out to Sea.  They soon caught the current that carried them swiftly east towards the sunrise and the end of the world.  They collapsed into an exhausted sleep as the day brightened and the little boat floated gaily along, caught in the strong eastbound current.
The sun had set and both boys roused in the cool of the evening as the first bright stars appeared in the darkening sky.  Bayard moaned in agony, for his entire being felt afire with fever from the deep scratches he had received from some fierce beast on the night that seemed more nightmare than terrible reality.  Kyan said quietly, “why are we at Sea?”  
Bayard smiled weakly, “it felt like the right thing to do at the time.”  
Kyan thought back to that surreal morning and nodded, “I know of a certain that it was the right thing to do, but where are we going?”  
Bayard shrugged and winced with the effort, “at least we left those fiends far behind.”  
Kyan implored, “but what lies ahead of us?  We have no food, you are wounded, this current will bear us right off the edge of the map!”



Sample story from ‘Legends of the Brethren:’

Of Poets and Heroes

The screams of horses and men filled the evening air with a chaos and horror ill-suited to the loveliness and quiet of the fading day.  Two of the beasts faded away as they fell dead and the third trapped his master beneath his prone form.  The trapped rider was himself uninjured save perhaps in the fall but several arrows had embedded themselves in his two companions and their fallen mounts; of the two, one lay unmoving and was likely dead, the other moved feebly but hope dawned as he caught the trapped man’s eye.  They stared at one another for a moment, the one with growing hope and the other with a rising fear.  The crunch of oncoming feet suddenly drew their attention as their foes approached.  His eyes pleading for help, the arrow stricken man suddenly threw some small object into the distant brush and glanced significantly from the now hidden object to his trapped companion whose eyes held reluctance and fear, but a minimal nod of his head brought the shadow of a smile to the stricken man’s face before their enemies were upon them.  A small band of vile looking men emerged from their ambush and looked about in delight at the carnage they had wrought.  One of them turned over the unmoving man to reveal that nothing remained but a corpse.  
Another approached the hopeful man and called out, “this one’s alive and should suit our purposes well enough.  Be done with him.”  One of the more vile of the company smiled in cruel anticipation, drew his sword as he approached, and finished that which the arrows had begun.  His eyes widened momentarily in pain and then stared blankly as the sword was withdrawn from his unmoving chest.  The whole group of them then approached the sole survivor yet trapped beneath his dead horse.
Said the leader of the repulsive band, “are you one of the Brethren then?”  
The trapped man laughed mirthlessly, “I am simply an ill-fated poet who hoped to write the tale of some great heroic effort but alas, all I shall ever write is a lament to the foolishness of heroic quests if ever I write anything again.”  
“Yes or no,” snarled the leader.  
The poet winced at his tone and said, “I am not one of that fellowship.”  
The man grinned cruelly and asked, “then why do you ride with them?”  
Taking on a professional air the poet said, “as I have already related I hoped to write a firsthand account of whatever adventure my late companions hoped to accomplish.  I fell in with them not quite a week ago.”  
“You know nothing of their mission?” queried the leader in some amazement.  
The poet sighed, “I only knew they were bound for Kyra on some desperate quest; I do not think even they knew their appointed task but hoped to find some contact upon our arrival.”  
The sinister man said, “how were they to make contact?”  
The poet shrugged, “they took that secret to the grave.”  
The leader did not seem pleased, “then I have no further use for you.”  The poet nodded grimly as the sword was raised again but the leader suddenly laughed, “I however like the idea of a lament against all for which the Brethren stand.  I will spare your life poet but only for the promise of your work.  Write well, for if you do not it might well be the last thing you do.  Search them and their luggage, then we ride for Kyra.”  The despots ransacked the living and the dead, but found nothing of interest.  They vanished as quickly as they had come, leaving the trapped poet to somehow extract himself from beneath the dead horse.  He painfully managed to pull himself from beneath his ill-fated mount, searched the vegetation concealing whatever it was his companion had hoped to hide, and finally discovered a small blue crystal cut in the shape of a star suspended from a satin ribbon of deepest blue.  He looked over the trinket and wondered to whom it might belong and how he was to discover its keeper and his destiny.
He sighed, he was no hero.  He sat heavily down upon the dead horse thinking about what had transpired in the last week to so utterly upset the course of his life.  He had been a wandering poet who roamed from place to place and entertained as he could to keep his stomach full and a roof over his head.  The commonfolk seemed to appreciate his efforts, at least enough that he did not starve.  A week gone, the two adventurers had stumbled into the same inn where he was holding forth with his familiar evening oratory.  They had listened appreciatively and once the night’s entertainment was finished, invited him over to their table for a mug of ale and some much needed conversation.  They had struck up a lively conversation, all three being of a quick and learned mind, and had stayed up long past the time all sensible men were in bed.  He had asked after their own travels and their tales amused and amazed him.  Whether it was the late hour or the wine, the poet never knew but he soon found himself asking if he might not accompany them on their adventure.  They exchanged a curious look and finally agreed that he could come, but that there might come a time when they might suddenly have to part company.  There was some hint of imminent danger and intrigue, but then no story was complete without such so the poet readily agreed.
So it was that he found himself riding with them to the Southern Realms towards the kingdom of Kyra whose monarchy was suddenly in disarray and from whence had come a desperate note and the trinket that he now held in his hand.  No one knew who had sent it, but only that it must be presented to the guards at the castle gates in the great city of Yorka.  The owner claimed that the very fate of the country might rest upon this quest and help was needed soon.  Kipril shuddered, wondering what strange adventure he had now become a participant in.  He looked upon his dead companions and his silent promise to the dying man echoed in his mind.  He had ever been an observer of life, a recorder of its wonders and perils, never a participant and now it had been thrust upon him.  He was ill-suited to such an adventure not having wielded a sword since his youth and then only poorly, but there was no one else to whom this adventure could fall.  He must at least attempt it, if only for the sake of the imperiled people of Kyra.  He sighed heavily, stood, and began to salvage what he could from the wreckage.  He filled his saddlebags with food and supplies, took up his bow, and then glanced at his fallen companion’s sword.  He was perhaps not as skilled with the weapon as some, but it might be useful in his quest.  Almost reverently, he took up the weapon for which his companion had no more mortal use.  In the gathering dark, he took the road and hoped to put many miles between himself and the sorrow behind him.

Kipril awoke early and crawled from the small dell in which he had taken shelter for the night.  He walked as fast and as far as he could that day, knowing full well that his quest was a hopeless one unless he soon acquired some swifter form of transportation.  Evening was falling and the lights of an inn ahead drew his weary gaze.  He felt that hope waited within, even if it were nothing more than an hour’s repose from the weary and lonely road he walked.  He took a seat, ordered a mug of a nameless brew, and glanced about at his fellow patrons.  He saw nothing but farmers and merchants until his eyes fell upon a young woman just entering the inn.  She was well dressed and moved like a cat, making him wonder if she were not some minor noble’s daughter set out in search of adventure.  Perhaps here was a chance to fob this foolish quest off upon someone else.  She caught his gaze and curiosity drew her to the stranger’s table.  He bought her a mug of his own nameless ale and she asked, “whither is your road sir and what quest lays at its end?”  
He laughed in spite of himself and said, “it seems I am not the only lonely adventurer upon the road.  I am currently walking to Kyra as my mount and companions have fallen upon the way but I shall not make it in time at the pace I currently set.  What of you fair lady?”  
She smiled at his words and said, “I too am upon a noble quest though perhaps one far less dire.  I ride for fabled Astoria and seek there to join the Brethren.  Are you perhaps one of those storied knights who has ridden forth in noble pursuit?”  
Kipril could not help but laugh, “lady, I am simply a wandering poet that has had unwanted adventure thrust upon him for there is none else to carry on the task which my late companions had begun.  They were of that noble calling but alas they have fallen by the way.”  
She smiled curiously and said, “then at least your quest is a vital one and perhaps your heart nobler than you know.  Perhaps I can aid those I hope to be my benefactors ere I ride to their country.  If walking is too slow a pace, then let me lend you a horse upon the way.”  
Kipril smiled gratefully and said, “that would be a great ease to my journey but I am still unworthy of this task.  I have a borrowed sword but little skill with it.  Could I beg your aid as well for I see you are not yourself unarmed?”  
She smiled gaily at him and said, “I was afraid you would turn me away for I am a woman, but I shall joyfully aid your task.  What is it we must do?”  
Kipril laughed, “I know almost as little as you but I shall gladly accept your company.  I have only a token to show at the gates of the castle and there our adventure may perhaps begin.”  
Alia soon told her story of how her father, a minor noble, had given her the choice of a loveless marriage or taking her small inheritance and forever leaving his presence.  She would not doom herself to such a grim fate and thus took her pittance and left behind all that she knew and loved.  She had heard many strange tales of the Brethren in her youth and set out in search of the mysterious adventurers of song and story.  She was eager to take part in a story of her own, even before ever she reached Astoria.
By common agreement they were saddled and upon the road ere the sun was up and it was not many days before their hurried pace brought them within the borders of Kyra and soon to the castle in the midst of the bustling city of Yorka.  Kipril left Alia at an inn in the city that he might approach the gates alone.  If he should not return, she was to make her own careful inquiries and if he discovered the nature of their adventure, he would swiftly return to tell the tale.  Both knew well the cost of this errand might well be their lives, but Kipril pressed on out of duty and Alia in hopes of righting some wrong.  The streets of Yorka were abuzz with the recent demise of the King in a hunting accident, the ascension of his brother to the throne, and the impending birth of the late King’s child and hoped for heir.  What part the dark men would play in the matter was yet to be seen.  Kipril approached the castle gates and proffered the charm to the guards posted there.  They eyed the trinket with some curiosity but could not decide if the man was trying to sell it or simply asking after its owner.  
A servant stationed nearby however gasped and said, “this man must immediately accompany me.”  The guards glanced in wonder at the man who had silently stood watch for so many days and now finally spoke.  They nodded grudgingly, but this was a personal servant to the Queen and not to be questioned nor gainsaid.  They let the man pass and the servant led him deep into the castle to the private chambers whence the Queen had withdrawn to mourn her husband and await the birth of her child.  It was she that had sent the urgent message and who now desperately awaited its answer.
 Kipril was amazed to be presented before so distinguished a personage and was speechless for a moment as he made his bows.  She smiled deeply and a glint of hope shone in her troubled eyes as she said, “so the Lady has sent my savior at last.”  
Kipril blushed crimson and studied his feet saying, “I am no hero lady but a simple wanderer who has taken up a quest whose true heroes have already fallen in its course.  I will do what I can, but I am no warrior but a poet.”  
She nodded sadly and said, “then to you my brave poet will the duty fall.  This then is my plea: if a male child should be born, to Astoria you must bear the infant in safety and secrecy, there to await the day when he can challenge his uncle for the throne of Kyra.  For only a man can sit upon Kyra’s throne and this child is the only one with a rightful claim save my brother-in-law who has already taken the title of King upon himself.  He was ever jealous of my husband and his demise was no accident though such is claimed, and if an heir should be born my son will not live long past his birth.  But should a girl child be born, she is no threat to his rule and we may depart in peace to my family’s estates and he is forever free to rule Kyra as he sees fit.”
“When is the child due?” asked Kipril awkwardly.  
She smiled and said, “any day.  I had hoped for your arrival sooner due to the legendary swiftness of unicorns but alas your mounts are mortal horses.”  As if in answer to his question a wince of pain crossed her face as she said, “perhaps even today!”  The Queen winced again as she said, “I think that you arrived only just in time.  Tonight will reveal whether your quest is a vain one.”  
Her ladies escorted her to her chambers, the midwife was fetched, and Kipril was left in the sitting room with a silent servant.  The night passed slowly and only occasional sounds of pain and frustration came from the adjoining room to break the silent vigil.  Finally the unmistakable cry of an infant was heard and not long after it was repeated.  The midwife rushed out all in a flutter and beckoned in the man who had waited so long; the Queen wished to see him without delay.  He made a rather flustered bow and she smiled tiredly at his discomfiture.  She said, “twins!”  He looked at her in anticipation as she continued, “a boy and a girl, of course the boy’s birth shall remain an absolute secret and you shall bear him to safety until the appointed time.  Are you ready to ride?”  
He said, “I need only fetch my confederate and my luggage from a nearby inn and then we shall leave at once.”  
“Confederate?” asked the Queen.  
Kipril said, “a young woman I met by chance upon the way who was on her way to Astoria and agreed to this slight detour.”  
The Queen smiled, “excellent, a man traveling with an infant would arouse suspicion.  I do not think your encounter chance young man.  Why did she not accompany you?”
Kipril said, “this mad adventure has already cost two men their lives.  I was concerned about pursuit and did not want both of us to fall afoul of some unknown foe ere we knew our errand.  She remained behind in case something happened to me.”  
The Queen said, “you have acted wisely.  Return to your inn, pack your things, and come to the small gate the servant shall show you as quickly as you can.  Haste will ensure secrecy.”  
He bowed again, met the servant in the adjoining room, and followed him on a twisting path out of the castle.  They emerged in a dark alley and the small door shut silently behind Kipril as he dashed off in search of his inn.  He had just stepped out into the main street abutting the alley when he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen.  He clutched at the wound as his knees buckled and he fell to the ground in agony; the air was filled with strangely familiar and sinister laughter.  The dark voice said, “I told you to leave well enough alone boy!  This is the price of meddling in business not your own.  Who did you meet within the castle and to what purpose?”  
“That I shall never tell,” groaned the stricken man.  
“We shall see,” snarled the sinister voice as the man dashed off to investigate where the meddler had been.  
Kipril struggled to his feet, holding his hand to his wounded side; he dashed off in a stumbling run towards the inn.  Alia gasped when she saw who the ashen faced man was who nearly fainted as he entered the door of the inn.  She had been speaking quietly with a man in the uniform of the Brethren.  Both ran to aid the injured man on the verge of collapse.  “What happened?” she gasped.  
Kipril glanced about nervously, “we must talk quickly and privately.  There is no time.”  They wasted no time in helping him to sit on the edge of the bed in one of the guest rooms.  Once they were alone he said, “as you know there are rumors about that the late King was murdered by his brother who made it look like a hunting accident.  The Queen was concerned for the safety of her unborn child, should it be a boy and potential heir to the throne.  If the child was a male, she wished one of the Brethren to carry him safely to Astoria to wait until he came of age to challenge his uncle for the throne.  The Queen gave birth tonight to twins, a boy and a girl.  She will withdraw quietly to her estates with the girl and waits for us to bear her son to safety.  Alia, you must meet the servant at a small side gate and take the infant to Astoria.”  
“What about you?” whispered she.  
Kipril drew back his tunic from the wound and said grimly, “I am in no condition to travel nor do I think I shall long survive this wound.  One of the men who ambushed my late companions fell upon me as I was leaving the castle.  He must have seen me go in and waited for me to come out.  He attacked me, questioned me, and then ran off to see what I would not tell him.  He will be on the watch so you must be careful.”  
The Brother spoke for the first time, “these are grim tidings indeed.  I am the Lady’s Advisor to the King, or I was until the new King banished me from the castle, save for court functions, which is why I now haunt this inn.  The child must reach safety at all costs.  Take my mount, he will bear you swiftly and safely to Astoria.”  
Alia’s eyes were wide, “me ride a unicorn?”  
The man nodded grimly, “I cannot accompany you for I am needed here and neither is your friend in any condition for such an adventure.  It must be you.  Go, and may the Master ride with you.”  She nodded grimly, bid farewell to her companions, and dashed from the room.  
“Will she make it do you think?” asked Kipril of the other man.  He only shook his head in wonder and helped make the stricken man as comfortable as he could.
Alia rode swiftly towards the small gate, astonished at the speed and silence of her mount.  He was reluctant to so abandon his master but he knew this task was of the utmost importance.  They arrived swiftly and nearly unseen for the unicorn had draped himself in darkness.  Alia knocked upon the gate, it was opened by a cautious servant, she showed the crystal star as instructed, and soon received the child into her keeping along with those things that might prove his identity at the proper time.  They dashed off together into the night bound for Astoria.  Not far out of the city, the unicorn stopped and whinnied in fear but his master bid him run all the harder and he could not disobey.  Some time after he screamed in rage and grief but continued on his course, faithful to his master’s last command.

The dark man left his injured foe and ran off into the darkness to see from whence he had come.  He could not yet gain access to the castle and could learn nothing more upon a second investigation.  He dashed back to find his nemesis fled and followed quickly after.  Not long after the girl had left, the dark man burst through the window of the room in which his quarry lay helpless upon the bed.  He had not expected to find one of the Brethren within, but all the better.  The two men whirled about in a dance of death and steel while Kipril watched wide-eyed from the bed.  The two were fairly evenly matched and it was hard to tell who had the upper hand.  The dark man snarled in glee as he clipped his opponent on the shoulder and knew his victory was assured, but in his moment of triumph he dropped his guard for a brief second allowing his foe to strike a mortal blow.  The man fell to the floor laughing through his pain and panted, “you think you have won but neither of you will long survive me.”  He coughed a few times before succumbing to his wounds and then dissolved into an oily puddle on the floor.  
The two survivors shared an astonished look and the Brother leant heavily upon the bedpost, clutching his injured shoulder and breathing heavily.  Kipril asked in growing concern, “what is wrong?  What did he mean you would not survive?”  
The man said quietly through teeth clenched in pain, “I think there was some vile taint upon that blade of his and that it is quickly killing me.  I doubt you will long survive me.  That being the case, have you thought about what lies beyond death?”
Kipril stared at the man in astonishment, “you are nearer death than I and you want to talk philosophy?”  
The man winced as he laughed and said, “I have no such worries but you might spend all eternity ruing these last few hours.”  
Kipril frowned, “you Brethren are all fanatics on this topic.  I suppose if this Master of yours does exist then I have naught to fear.  I have lived a good life, or as good as any man could in my circumstances.  Besides, I have gotten myself killed on his behalf, for which I think he owes me much.”  
The dying man’s breathing was ragged and darkness was ever on the brink of overcoming him, but he fought against it saying, “with an attitude like that you are sure to spend an eternity apart from the Master and thus in utter darkness and despair.  The Master is no man with whom you can bargain in the market place.  He owes mortal man nothing.  We are all rebels against his perfect way and we all justly deserve condemnation.  Our best efforts are nothing to him.  What can any mortal do that could impress or indebt the One who made us.”  
“Then we are all doomed?” asked the skeptical Kipril.  
The man was fading fast but said, “the price of rebellion is death, but the Master took that penalty upon himself to spare us if only we will accept his sacrifice on our behalf.  He need not have known death, but he suffered death for us.”  
“What must I do?” asked the stunned Kipril.  
With his last breath the man said, “believe, trust, and give yourself utterly to him.”  He toppled over and moved no more, leaving Kipril alone to contemplate eternity.
These Brethren were mad, absolutely mad!  He had now seen three of them die for no good cause.  Could they be right?  In all the excitement he had forgotten about his own wound and now remembrance came crashing agonizingly back to the front of his mind.  He was deathly weak and each breath became more and more a struggle.  He glanced desperately at the dead man and idly wondered how long before he himself was naught but a corpse.  His mind returned to those uneasy things of which the dying man had spoken.  All his life he had heard the tales of the Master but had never felt inclined to think of them as more than just stories.  What if there was something beyond humanity?  Beyond death?  It certainly made sense but how to know what was truly out there?  He glanced again at the dead man and remembered how certain he had been even to the point of being able to proselytize upon the brink of death.  Worse, his own heart seemed to tell him that here was the truth he had ignored all these years.  His mind protested not wanting to admit that up until this moment perhaps his life truly had been lived in vain.  The weariness deepened and darkness gnawed at the corners of his vision; the maw of eternity gaped before him and yet he wanted to protest, drag his feet, and hesitate.  
Finally, the moments running out, he gasped, “I do not know you but I know I need you.  Forgive my rebellion, my ignorance, and my hesitation.  I have nothing to offer, but I am yours to use as you will.” 
 A voice like echoed thunder said quietly beside him, “I certainly shall.”

Alia rode swiftly to Astoria, her heart near to breaking for her fallen companions.  The infant traveled well for one so new to the world and she wondered what hope rested upon the shoulders of one so small and innocent.  The unicorn revealed his true form as they ran through the streets of Astoria that none might bar their way.  The guards upon the castle gates watched curiously but allowed the strange woman to pass unhindered.  It was not often that one not of the Brethren ever rode upon the back of so legendary a creature.  They gaped even more to see the stranger clutching a very young child to her breast.  She slid from the saddle and glanced about in near desperation, “I must see your Lady immediately concerning happenings in Kyra.”  
A servant ran immediately to ask after the Lady’s availability and returned swiftly to lead the strange young woman to stand before their legendary leader.  Alia told her story and presented the child and his accessories to the astonished Lady who replied, “these are certainly tragic tidings and we shall tend to the child as his mother wishes.  Now what of you my dear?  You who have traveled so far and risked so much; what is your part in this tale?”  The infant was given into the care of a childless woman and her husband who were delighted to have such a charge.  Alia was finally able to realize her goal of joining the Brethren.

The years passed and the child grew into a boy verging on manhood.  For ten years, he grew up quietly at home thinking no more of himself than any other peasant’s son.  At ten years of age he was allowed to go to Astoria to further his education with the renowned knowledge and teaching skills of the Brethren.  At fifteen, he was convinced he wanted to become one of them.  He stood before the Lady that day, nervous but hopeful to have his request granted.  She looked at him quietly for a few moments and a small sadness seemed to flit through her eyes for a moment but was soon replaced with dead seriousness.  She said, “Ian, I cannot grant that which you ask.”  
He gaped and without thinking asked, “what have I done or not done that you will not allow me to join you?”  
She smiled and said gently, “it is nothing of your doing but concerns a greater duty you must first fulfill.”  He looked at her in absolute confusion as she continued, “as you are well aware, the Brethren cannot rule even a city, let alone a country save perhaps the Lady of Astoria.  You cannot take your Oath because you are the rightful heir to the throne of Kyra and the time has come for you to journey thither and claim your birthright.”  He looked at her as if she had gone mad.
She continued, “your father, the former King of Kyra was killed upon a hunting foray and many suspect his brother in the crime.  Your uncle now rules Kyra with an iron fist and oppresses your people severely.  Your father died before your birth and your mother feared for your life so sent you hence that you might grow up in safety.  Your twin sister and mother yet reside upon your family estates in Kyra.  Nothing is known to anyone outside the Brethren and a few faithful servants of your existence.  My hope, and the hope of all Kyra, is that you return to the land of your birth and claim the throne that is rightfully yours and rule your people more justly than their current King.  This is why I must deny you the Oath.”  
He gaped at her and finally said, “I understand and know I must take this quest upon myself if only for the sake of the suffering Kyrans, but how am I, a mere boy to challenge a King?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “I will send several of the Brethren with you along with certain proofs of your valid claim to the throne.  You must know this is a very dangerous quest; four men and two unicorns have already died in the events surrounding your birth.  The King has many dangerous servants and advisors who will aid him in thwarting your efforts at all costs.”  
Ian bowed deeply and said, “it is a risk I must take.  What if I fail?”  
The Lady smiled, “short of death I do not think you shall fail.”  
He smiled weakly, “my only regret is not being able to serve you as one of the Brethren.”  
She smiled warmly and said, “if you survive this ordeal and still have the interest in sixty years or so after you have passed your reign onto your children, I see no reason why you cannot yet join the Brethren.”  He smiled deeply at her sincerity and wondered if his zeal could be so strong as to last six decades.
Alia and three others were dispatched to accompany the aspiring prince to Kyra.  He carried with him a letter written by his mother and sealed with the royal signet ring, the crystal star charm, and his late father’s sword.  It was early autumn and the weather was perfect for travel; the party made excellent progress and was soon nearing the borders of Kyra.  It was at this point in their travels that Ian felt the adventure was about to begin; until now, he had been in a blissful half-dream but now was not the time for childish fancies when the fate of a nation rested upon his very inadequate shoulders.  It was late afternoon and the sun had set all the world afire in shades of richest gold when a lone traveler approached the party upon the road.  He drew rein and waited patiently for the party to approach.  
One of the men asked as they drew nigh, “why do you bar our way stranger.”  
The stranger suppressed a smile of secret amusement and said, “I do not bar your path but simply wish to join your party.  I have come to aid you in your endeavors.”  
The Brother laughed, “and what could you know of our errand?”  
The stranger replied, “I have come to see finished the errand I began fifteen years ago.”  
“And what errand would that be stranger?” asked the Brother cautiously.  
The man smiled sheepishly and said, “to see a proper King restored to Kyra.”  
“What part did you play in that sad tale,” asked the Brother in confusion, “I thought there were none living, save those in our party, to finish what was begun so long ago.”  
“Alia can testify to my involvement,” said the man strangely. 
All the while, Alia had been staring at the stranger in astonishment and could not quite believe her eyes.  With his statement she said in doubt and horror, “Kipril?  Is it truly you?  I thought you long dead!  What became of the Advisor to the King, his mount certainly felt him die.”  
Kipril glanced towards the ground and then ruefully met her astonished gaze, “you know me for truly myself.  Not long after you left, my attacker came to finish me only to find me not alone.  They fought, the sinister man was killed, and my valiant protector did not long survive him.  I was on the brink of death when I finally realized sense and surrendered my life, failing as it was, to the Master.  The Master himself was in that room and took me at my word.  He healed my wound and set me immediately upon this task.  To you it has been fifteen years; to me it has been only a few minutes!  I do not know what shall become of me once all is ended.  I may perhaps live on for years or I might fall to dust the moment the King is crowned.  At least my life will not have been lived completely in vain.”  
The little company stared at him in astonishment, but the Brethren knew he spoke truly no matter how hard it was to believe.  Alia smiled at her long lost friend and said, “then welcome back my friend.  What counsel can you give us about matters in Kyra?”
Kipril said, “as you know, the King is a vile tyrant and sorely tries his people.  What you may not know is that the men behind the deaths of three of your comrades fifteen years ago secretly aid and advise the King.  The Queen and her daughter still live quietly in the country but the King has his eye on the girl as a prospective bride for his own son and heir.  I suggest we break into two parties.  Alia, the boy, and I shall ride to the former Queen’s estates and the rest of you shall ride to Yorka and assess the situation there.  We shall meet you as soon as we have apprised the Queen of her son’s return.”  The others quickly agreed and they set off immediately for their assigned destinations.  
As Alia and her companions made camp that night, Ian asked, “how can this be?”  
Alia laughed, “how can you have spent so many years among the Brethren and not believe in miracles?”  
Ian smiled ruefully, “I suppose I do but I thought they only ever happened to other people.  The Master truly does work in wonderful and mysterious ways!”  
They rode on, avoided the patrols once they crossed into Kyra, and soon found themselves upon the Queen’s estates.  Alia presented the star trinket to the guards at the great gates before the ancient house and a servant was quickly sent to inquire after the Queen.  The astonished servant quickly returned and ushered the strangers into his lady’s presence.  All three bowed and the aging woman stared in wonder and joy at her long sundered son.  Finally each found the courage to embrace and a quick round of wondering questions and excited chatter followed.  
After Ian met his sister and mother and all their curiosity and joy had momentarily been satisfied Alia asked, “how go things in Kyra?  Are they as bad as we have heard?  Any idea how the boy is to retake the throne?”  
The queen said, “things are bad enough, especially for the commoners.  In usual circumstances, Ian would present himself to the royal lawyers who would then decide whether he was the legal heir to the throne, but these are far from usual circumstances.  I fear his uncle will kill him regardless.”  
Kipril said, “I think secrecy will not avail us.  Let us present ourselves before the entire court that a knife in the dark will not end all their worries.  With enough witnesses perhaps the King will step down as he rightfully should.  If he will not, then we will do what we must.  He may challenge you to a duel for the crown and I am sure there will be treachery in the mix.”  
Ian said firmly, “I will do what I must.”  
They all agreed to the sketchy plan and the three set off at once with the Queen to follow after with the intent of attending court on the following evening when Ian would make his claims.  They reached Yorka the following morning and met with the three that had gone ahead who agreed completely with their suppositions.  The Brethren could not take the throne by force, but neither could the current King legally deny the claims of his nephew.  His only recourse would be to have the upstart murdered, a dangerous task since all the city would soon know of the challenge to his throne or to challenge him to and best him in a duel.

The servants of evil had not been lax these many years either.  They had a spy in the midst of the Queen’s servants and the moment he saw the star trinket he knew the game was afoot.  He made his way to the city and swiftly reported his suspicions to his dark masters.  So it was when the young renegade came to make his claims, the King and his sinister advisors were not taken unawares.  They could have barred the youth an audience but then he would have made a scene in the street.  He was too well protected to be silently murdered and it would be good to show the court exactly how such rebels were dealt with.  The King actually looked forward to the confrontation and his associates would make sure that he was the victor.  As expected, he made his appearance at court the following evening.  
There was much gossip amongst the bystanders as the King had allowed word of the imposter to be spread abroad.  Alia, Kipril, and his mother accompanied him to stand before the King; the rest of the Brethren spread out to make sure no ambush was imminent.  Ian said in a voice for all to hear, “I hereby lay claim to the throne of Kyra held unjustly these fifteen years by the murderer of my father.”  
The King laughed, “have you any proof boy that I killed your father or that you are even the late King’s son?” 
Ian stood his ground and said, “I have no proof you murdered my father save the certainty in my heart.  But I have ample proof I am the son of the late King.”  He proffered his proofs and the royal lawyers examined the documents and artifacts for authenticity.
The King said, “I thought this woman bore a girl child.”  
The former Queen spoke, “I gave birth to twins that night.  The boy was safely hidden until he was of an age to claim his birthright.”  
The King scoffed, “a likely story, you simply found a youth of the correct age and indoctrinated him.”  
Alia spoke, “nay Sire, it was I that bore this very child to Astoria fifteen years ago.  Know by the Oath that it is true.”  
The King looked to the lawyers, “well?”  
They nodded grimly, “the artifacts and proofs seem to be quite real.  Can anyone bear testimony to the Queen’s story?”  
An aged woman emerged from the crowd and the ancient midwife said, “she speaks truly.  I was there when she gave birth and delivered a boy and a girl that night.”  
“Very well,” said the King in much glee, “who is to say that you are the legal heir to the throne?  Why must I vacate that which is lawfully mine?”  
Alia spoke, “Kyran law states that in the presence of an immature heir, a Steward may be appointed until the boy is of age at which point he will assume the throne.  Your reign is legally at an end.  You are also accused of gaining the throne through treacherous means which would also nullify your right to reign.”  
“You have no proof,” snarled the King, “and I will not relinquish the throne to this no name upstart.  If he wants the throne he must step over my dead body to gain it; I challenge him to a duel.”  
Ian looked concerned, “must I fight him?”  
The royal lawyers looked grim, “under these circumstances it would violate all our customs not to.  You have no legal requirements as such, but the people would not respect you if you declined.  I also think your uncle would prove a dangerous enemy were he allowed to live.”  
The King gave him a dangerous look and the lawyer replied, “I was only stating the obvious Sire, no insult was meant on your behalf.”
The King glared at his nephew, “well?”  
The boy drew his sword in answer, the audience drew back to give them room to fight, and the King grinned as he drew his own blade and approached the boy.  The lawyer intoned in a dreary voice for what seemed a decade the various rules before allowing the combatants to bow and face one another.  The boy was young but skilled, the old man experienced but out of practice.  They whirled about in a deadly dance while the dark aides of the King drew their own weapons to aid the King by treachery should such be necessary.  The Brethren held their own swords at the ready seeing what the sinister men intended.  It was the stamina of the younger man that won the day as his weary uncle knelt before him with chest heaving wildly for air.  He mocked between breathes, “finish me boy or they shall think you too weak to rule.”  
The boy shook his head, “no, you shall stand trial for my father’s murder.  I will not make you a martyr or give you the honor of a swift death.”  
At that moment, the sinister men in the crowd made to fall upon the boy but were met by an equal number of the Brethren.  The King seeing his future looking bleak and his treacherous friends fighting for their lives, lunged forward with sword drawn upon the distracted boy.  The blade buried itself deeply in Kipril’s chest as he leapt between Ian and his murderous uncle.  Seeing his own doom near to hand, the vile King took his own life rather than losing it justly to the headsman.  His vile henchmen did likewise rather than reveal their sinister allegiance.
The court was in uproar and confusion until the Brethren and heir apparent finally managed to calm them.  No one understood why the dark men had dissolved into an oily puddle of goo upon death but the matter was soon forgotten as the lawyers proclaimed Ian the rightful heir to the throne now that his uncle was most certainly dead.  Some of the more treacherous nobles made to sneak out but the Brethren barred their way until the new King could deal with them justly.  
Ian stared down in dismay at Kipril’s shattered form, “I should be the one lying dead.”  
Alia put a reassuring hand upon his back and smiled sadly at her fallen friend, “he was already assumed dead in your service Sire; it just happened a little later than we all thought.  He knew well his duty and carried it out faithfully.  We can all only hope to die so nobly.  We will mourn a little, but grief should not be our constant companion, for we shall meet again beyond time if we remain faithful until the end ourselves.”  The King was crowned and ruled his people justly for many years and once his own son was well established upon the throne, Ian quietly vanished and only his nearest kin and the Brethren knew what became of him after.  The poet who thought himself no hero lived on in song and story long after Kyra itself had passed out of memory.
 

Chapter Sample of The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I:

Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.

On Heroes: A Foible

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking for too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every three seconds.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”  He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons but they were functional at least.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, but I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.  Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headache and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest and ugliest building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.  He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel beneath him.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards or perhaps more correctly what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Places but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various, heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.  He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled superciliously at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile became condescending, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order my friend?”  
Aido laughed, “I set out with every good intention of fulfilling my orders but it seemed at every turn there was a governmentally imposed hindrance to me accomplishing my task or even surviving for an hour without unneeded frustration and complication.  That and the ride out here gave me plenty of time to consider life and the lack of meaning therein.”  
The stranger smiled broadly, “welcome to the first day of a purposeful life my friend.  I am called Gunyon and am a member of the Freemen for Commonsense.”  
Aido grinned, “that sounds like something birthed in the Department of Nomenclature.”  
Gunyon laughed, “it was, we social rebels had not yet got around to naming our pathetic little society and the guys over at Nomenclature could not abide having such an as yet unnamed group running at large so they came up with a name for us.”
“Just what does this society of yours do?” asked Aido as they trekked deeper into the confines of the wood.  
Gunyon shrugged, “we really haven’t accomplished much of anything yet.  We started only a few months ago as a small group of annoyed citizens who occasionally met to grouse about too much Order over Tea.  Of course our Tea Time was not considered the Official Hour for Consuming Brewed Beverages so the authorities soon started to take notice.  We each received a rather nasty letter, in triplicate of course, indicating that we had best mend our ways or there would be Dire Consequences.”  
“What did you do?” asked Aido, both amused and aghast.  
Gunyon smiled, “we went underground of course.  On the outside we are just monotonous citizens but when no one is looking...” he paused for effect, “we each of us are rather disorderly and unique.”  
“Your crimes far outweigh mine, sir,” said Aido with a respectful bow.  
Gunyon smiled in anticipation, “but you have hardly begun to rebel my friend.  I think you could make quite a career of it.”  For the first time since he left his old life behind, Aido felt the first stirrings of eagerness and what he was startled to realize must be hope.
Once Aido was completely confused as to direction and the hour, they stood outside an old fashioned but well tended cottage with only a few unofficial weeds daring to show their leaves in the otherwise regulation vegetable patch.  Aido said in appreciation, “how do you get away with keeping up such a residence?”  
Gunyon smiled, “the Inspectors for the Regulatory Authority of Domiciles and Outbuildings are loath to travel this far off the beaten path to make sure my house is up to code.  I don’t tell them anything and they don’t ask; it is a mutually beneficial relationship.”  They stabled the horse in an old lean-to that had once housed a cow, but Gunyon had not bothered to go through the rigmarole required to acquire a new one after the decease of his previous beast.  They entered the cottage and Gunyon’s wife happily served them a brewed beverage outside the requisite hours.  As they sipped their tea, they discussed many things and Aido felt himself enjoying life and real companionship for the first time in living memory.  
“So what about this Hero of yours?” asked Gunyon as he munched on his fifteenth cucumber sandwich.  
Aido said with a mouthful of cookie, “what about him?”  
Gunyon said, “what makes The Powers That Be think one is like to rise from such a place as Happytown?”  
Aido swallowed his cookie and said, “the name alone would suffice, but there are certain vague writings from an extinct people group native to the very south of the world that suggests as much, but as I said, the Prophecy is vague and it could be any of ten or twenty different villages and this may not even be the Appointed Time.  That is the problem with Prophecy, it is often rather vague and fulfills itself often without us knowing until long after the fact.  But just to be on the safe side, they are taking all precautions.”  
“How do you go about finding a Hero?” asked Gunyon with a smile.  
Aido chewed thoughtfully for a moment and then replied, “we will of course monitor all known widows with only sons, step-families containing an ill-tempered woman, orphans raised by obscure or cruel relatives, and anyone who has ever found a child of unknown pedigree on their doorstep.  Of course the current management strategy for all such High Risk Families has been implemented to prevent just such an occurrence.  None of these Families at High Risk of Hero Production or Prophecy Fulfillment are left to go hungry, become poor, or otherwise grow discontent with their lot in life.  If there is no discontent or need, or so the theory goes, there is unlikely to be a Hero produced or a Prophecy fulfilled.”
“An interesting theory,” said Gunyon as he chewed, “has it worked?”  
Aido shrugged his shoulders, “before my promotion to Investigator I worked mostly in the Laboratory of Statistics and Numerical Data which compiles numbers on Everything, even on things that have no numerical data, but there was very little convincing evidence that any of their preventive protocols either helped or hindered Prophecy/Hero attainment.  In reality, such occurrences are so rare that it would take a millennium to get enough data to even begin calculating whether their programs are effective or not.  Of course, no one really cares if a bureaucracy is effective so long as it seems to be doing something.”  
Gunyon chewed on this revelation and another sandwich, before saying, “can we improvise our own Hero?”  
Aido sat back and said thoughtfully, “it certainly isn’t done that way, at least if you are going by the Book, but I am so tired of ‘The Book of All Regulations Pertaining to Decent and Orderly Civilian Life’ that I think we should, just to spite them all!”  
Gunyon nodded, “very well, we will.”
They stayed up much of the night (quite against the Treaty on Reasonable and Necessary Nocturnal Activities) discussing their plans to implement a Hero and/or fulfill a Prophecy.  As they made up their lists, discussed necessary attributes, and inventoried equipment, Aido said in surprise, “it seems my training to prevent Hero actualization has actually equipped me with all of the requisite skills.”  
Gunyon smiled, “and out of Happytown a Hero shall arise.  Prophecy fulfilled!  Excellent!  Now all we need is a ragtag band of followers and we shall be ready to shake the Pillars of Order.”  
Aido said hopefully, “your company of so-called Freemen?”  
Gunyon shook his head, “a few might be interested or willing to assist in our caper, but we need the seediest, most scandalous, and underrated band of cutthroats this world can supply.”  
Aido nodded, “ah, you suggest a raid on the Facility for the Containment of Socially Awkward Individuals.”  Gunyon smiled in anticipation of what was to come.
They went to bed and slept well into the day (violating the Compact on Acceptable Awakenings) and after a scrumptious breakfast that had nothing whatsoever to do with the Highly Recommended and Otherwise Required Guidelines for Food Preparation and Consumption, they went about plotting their raid.  They made their way out of the forest in the twilight, knowing no true government official would bother being out of doors at that hour.  They stayed overnight with another Freeman who lived on the far border of the forest and set out before first light the next morning.  For three days they traveled as far and hard as they could each day without risking exposure by too much exertion.  They arrived outside the Facility of CSAI in time for the Afternoon Refreshment Period and had to wait for admittance until the Guard for Security and Safety had finished his allotted Refreshment.  The bored and disgruntled looking man in his fading years studied their paperwork, stared at them, returned to the paperwork, whistled tunelessly, and then resumed staring at them.  Finally he said in irritation, “seems like everything is in order Investigator, you may proceed with your prisoner.”  
Gunyon nodded grimly and touched Aido in the small of the back with his swordpoint, grumbling, “move along scum.”  They both contained an exuberant smile that their subterfuge was working so well, of course it helped that Aido was truly an Investigator with a real Department and that Gunyon was a renowned scribe who could copy, forge, or create any document or handwriting desired.
As Aido was by now a well-known criminal, it was quite reasonable to present him as the newest inmate of the Facility.  They wound deeper into the complex, passing each checkpoint and guard station with ease until they were in the very heart of the detention area.  The day was wearing out as they passed the last checkpoint and Gunyon asked after the keys, that he might lock up his captive for the night.  The guard yawned and said, “it is one minute to close pal, whatever you do afterhours is no concern of mine but I won’t be held liable for overtime.  Take the keys, I’m going home.”  He handed over the gigantic key ring and left for the night, leaving the pair alone with the inmates.  
It took several hours to free the captives, as there were countless keys to try in each lock, but finally the prisoners were loose and they began discussing strategy.  It was an easy matter to capture the skeleton crew that guarded the facility at night and lock them up in the prisoners’ stead.  It was many months before the incarcerated guards were able to convince the morning crew that they had been illegally detained, but finally the paperwork made it through all the proper channels and the guards were released with only a severe scolding.  The morning crew thought it odd that the number and faces of the prisoners had changed overnight but as there was no official paper trail on the matter, no one wanted to get in trouble or take responsibility, so nothing was said about it until the proper paperwork was completed, by which time our Heroes were long since gone.
Most of the detainees went home, as there were far too many of them to go a’questing, but there were half a dozen that stayed to help.  Aido studied their motley crew with appreciation; here were rebels indeed.  One man had green hair that clashed with his favorite purple shirt, another really liked liver and onions, there was a lady who was overly fond of cats, Robert insisted on being called Bob, there was a repeat jaywalker (crosswalks hadn’t been invented yet), and a man who had accidentally cut the tags off of a mattress he did not own.  Few were the criminals in the realm more vile than these, let The Powers That Be tremble, for the Shakers of Empire had emerged (yes, the Nomenclature people are at it again).  They easily made their way out of the Containment Facility after raiding the parking garage and locker room for their own personal benefit and went out to, well, shake the Empire.
So how do eight people make an Empire tremble and bring an overbearing bureaucracy to its knees?  Easy!  Destroy the Paperwork, for if it does not exist on paper, it does not exist, at least in a bureaucracy.  So off they went, to interfere with the lifeblood of this bungling, lumbering giant and who better to aid them than the Minions of Government themselves.  Aido thought the tree obsessed people over at the Arboreal Comptroller would be just the folks to get on their side, for if it were well nigh impossible to get paper, one could not have paperwork, and no paperwork meant no bureaucracy.  So our zany friends arrayed themselves in varicolored splendor and did not bath or shave for several weeks.  Once they appeared to be quite friendly with the earth and all therein, they wandered over to the Main Office of the Arboreal Comptroller and made their plea.  The Administrative Assistant was quite perplexed by these hippy-wannabes and did the only thing possible in a confusing or overwhelming situation: she delegated.  So it was that they passed from one office to another, from one flunky’s hands to a lackey down the hall.  Finally they arrived in the Office of the Arboreal Comptroller himself and happily extolled their plan of saving the nation’s precious forests from the horrid fate of wanton waste and negligence that was rampant throughout the realm.  The man nodded, ordered his personal aides to present themselves, and soon interrogated them as to the abuse of the obviously vanishing woodlands.
The minions agreed to the last man (what else are minions for?) that there was certainly a problem and only drastic and instantaneous action could preserve some small scrap of the once great forests from total annihilation.  One went so far as to proclaim that his son’s third grade science teacher had complained the other day that they seemed to be cutting down too many trees lately, at least more than she remembered as a girl.  This smote the hearts of all those listening sore and even lent scientific credence to the Theory of Arboreal Apocalypse.  The Comptroller had heard enough; he would act immediately.  
The Service for the Collection and Distribution of Information: Useful and Otherwise, was summoned to report on this horrifying discovery and soon the whole nation was in a near panic at looming paper shortages, rampant deforestation, and the resulting air pollution, acid rain, and erosion that would no doubt make the entire world uninhabitable for at least a thousand years, give or take an Officially Obscure Holiday.  So it was that Drastic Measures were taken and the forests were saved and the masses appeased.  Paper became scarce and terribly expensive until someone decided to import it from less prudent nations, thus restoring paper to the peasantry.  Of course, during the paper shortage the entire government collapsed due to lack of paperwork and most of its officials were forced to seek sanctuary in the nation’s universities and on the professional speaking circuit, where they remain to this day.
While the economy suffered a grievous recession in the public sector, private industry and productivity flourished (even without paper) as never before, and for the first time in history, people without a government job could actually make a living.  Eventually things settled down, paper was restored to the nation, and the government returned, but in a more modest and humble form, which was the only kind now acceptable to the temporarily freed plebs who, once drunk with the wine of freedom, could not again taste of the moonshine of bureaucracy.  As for our heroes, each was honored with his or her own Official Obscure Holiday but after the Paper Revolution, only the Service for the Distribution of Written Communications officially observed said Holidays, but then, no government is perfect!


In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


