The Immortal Stars
The Beginning of the End
Copyright 2016 R.J. Adams - Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
​All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise)​ without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorised, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.

CHAPTER 1

Settling down on the sofa I finally feel at ease. The kingdom looks amazing, so beautiful, shining in all its glory. A long footpath leads outside the castle into kingdom where you reach the golden buildings.
Everyone is still in their states of happiness as the whole star population has now returned to their rightful homes, and above us, the heavens shine down as if everything is back how it was meant to be.
I couldn’t be happier and more at ease than I am in this moment. My mother is fussing over her new dwellings, so happy and content with her new abode. I haven’t seen her happy in a really long time, it warms my heart knowing that she has a smile on her face.
The whole kingdom has come together to get their lives, not just for themselves but for everyone, back in order. Their businesses are up and running again, families are reunited and happy and finally there is some good news to share. The stars that have been living in Ebon City in constant fear of attacks are now planning to star families again.
Our population is regenerating; it’s an amazing feeling to watch something grow from something that was destroyed.
Ethan is preparing to hold a funeral for the ones we lost during the battle, including his father. I think to myself why would he do such a thing for such a horrible man, and then I look at him and realise, he loved his father no matter how much of an evil man he was, he just wants to say goodbye to the man he once knew. Even evil deserves a send-off I guess.
The people are not too keen on the idea and you can see the look of disapproval on their faces. However, they don’t say a word on the matter; they simply support Ethan, begrudgingly.
The bodies that were recovered were finally identified using a simple spell that showed us who they were before the battle commenced.
The ones that worked for the star king are also getting a funeral service. Strange you may think, after-all, they tried to kill us, but at the end of the day Ethan and I are good people, by just tossing them aside we will be just like the star king, cold and cruel. We don’t want to be like that, after everything that has happened we want to show that we can forgive.
After centuries of the star king’s rule, so many immortal stars must have been brain washed and it was too late to have them change their minds.
The ones being held in the dungeons however, they seem to have still clung on to their free will and hope for something better.
I will be going down there today to meet with the guard and discuss their future, my god I feel nervous. It’s my first test as a Queen to be, to see if I can be diplomatic and fair in issues such as criminal behaviour.
I can feel my belly bubbling just at the thought of doing this. I mean, when Ethan had his ‘crazy moment’ shall we say, they just stood there ease-dropping on the madness that was unfolding.
They just looked at me with fear in their eyes, a sort of ‘begging me to save them’ look. Something about them looked so innocent. It could be my wishful thinking, hoping to see the good in them, but I guess the truth will come out when I get to the dungeons.
Ethan his head deep in funeral plans, I want to help but he refuses to let me. Not in a bad way, he just feels he should do this alone, like he has something to make up for after everything that’s happened.
I walk into our study; it’s not like a normal home study you would think of, well ones the rich kept back home. Normally a study would have a computer, a desk of some fort and some filing cabinets but no not this. It has a large wall with swirling circles on them, each in a variety of spectacular colours; they are door ways to other realms. Swirling vortex’s of entry to all the realms.
It has walls with storage that contain thousands of documents, birth of every star, addresses and anything that has ever happened.
All you have to do is say a name and the wall will magically find the document and hand it to you, saves space I suppose. Ethan is next to the realm portals, looking intensively at some paperwork in his hands.
I approach him quietly from behind, “hey baby, you ok?”
He nods and grumbles but I don’t quite make out what he says, he is obviously too deep in thought to respond properly or with any sort of sense.
“What you looking at?” I prompt him again.
He shakes his head bringing himself out of his own world, “Sorry my love just had a lot going on in my head, just checking the documents preparing for the funeral.”
“You’re preparing documents.”
“Yeah, every funeral has to be documented so the families can receive notice of death, reasons of death and we can keep track of our histories and bloodline.”
My eyebrows lift, “you keep track of funerals for bloodline purposes? I don’t see the logic or reason for that.”
He turns and looks frustrated, clearly I am interrupting his busy preparations, “it’s so, for any reason, they can be referred to. Immortals are just as bad as mortals you know.”
“I don’t get it,” I respond confused.
“Well,” he sighs, “for example, if one was to have an affair, we use spells for parentage, however, if one’s affair is never found out but the person whose parentage is in question then they can refer to documents based on information provided to them, plus it helps us keep track of everyone, keeping them obedient.”
“That seems like the silliest thing I have ever heard, but hey, I’m still learning,” I shrug.
Some of the documents from previous stars have been destroyed during the star king’s evil reign. I guess keeping documents on everyone and everything is the same as back home.
The government would keep tabs on us for absolutely everything. Not just with documents but robots and computers to watch our every move.
It seems like a life-time ago I lived there and so much has happened to me since then.
Not wanting to disturb Ethan anymore, who is clearly head deep in paperwork, I quietly make my exit as to not cause any more distractions to him.
As I walk out into the city I look up at the skies above. Beautiful crystals seem to dangle in thin air creating a rainbow of light down onto our kingdom. Above that is what is referred to as heaven. Well out of reach and only accessible if you are meant to go there, even as immortals and technically their neighbours, we are not able to venture there.
I wish I could, you know, be able to see what life is like beyond death. I have seen evil I have even seen it’s evil keeper and experienced the pain and suffering the souls receive when they go to Rasantios, but no-one knows what it is like up there and I want to know and see it all for what it is, just once.
“Drifting into space sweetheart?” A voice mumbles behind me.
I turn and see my mother clutching on to Lilly-Rose. I lean in and give my baby a kiss and then smile at my mum, “yeah, just you know, in my own little world. Is everything ok?”
“Yeah, just I guess I’m feeling kind of weird here, I love my new apartment within the castle grounds and you seem happier, I don’t know, I guess I feel like sometimes I just don’t fit in.”
I laugh slightly, “oh mother, of course you fit in don’t be silly, what you need however is a new wardrobe, I have things to do today but we can go do this instead, it’ll be fun.”
My mum looks a bit apprehensive at first, but then a smile appears on her face and we decide to go shopping.
Yes, the Star Kingdom does have shops, just like any other realm, I mean you wouldn’t want us to walk around naked all the time because that would be awful.
We head to a little boutique off the corner of the main city which has beautiful gowns in the window. Every woman here wears a flowing gown, normally white or ivory, except me, as a Queen I have been told to dress in pink, pink….of all colours!
My mother looks through the rails, excited like a kid in a sweetshop and holds some of the beautiful gowns against her, but then her face turns from being so happy to being doubtful.
“Mum what’s wrong?” I ask her noticing her change of expression.
“Nothing it’s just, I’m not a star and I am not an immortal, should I be wearing this?”
I walk up to her and pull on the dress, “oh shush, you deserve a beautiful gown, after-all, you’re the mother of the queen,” I wink at her.
“Excuse me, we’ll take several of these dresses please and oh, some of those shoes as well,” I tell the shop assistant who bows at me and scurries off to get what I have requested.
Everyone in the city has been so nice about me becoming their queen, although the official ceremony has yet to take place; they are treating me as nothing less.
My mother and I leave the store with the bags of goodies and the mood seems to have lifted. She’s happy and I’m happy and that’s all that matters.
“Where are you off to now?” She asks still beaming.
“I have to go to the dungeons, I have to see the prisoners that are there and determine what we do with them,” I sigh.
“That’s a tough one, but just remember, you are a clever girl Lorelai, let your heart and mind decide together and you will make the right choice.”
I smile at her, give her and my baby a kiss and finally head towards the dungeons. I guess now will be a real test of my leadership skills.
Oh crap I’m so nervous, ‘just breathe, I will be fine.’








CHAPTER 2

As I approach the entrance to the dungeons, it smells of roses that blow in a light airy breeze. I would never expect dungeons to smell in such a way, it smells amazing.
As I head down the stone stairs, I wonder what the prisoners are going to be like. The last time I saw them they seemed so calm and peaceful but you never know, as things may have changed, they could have changed. 
I reach the bottom of the stairs to be confronted by an angry guard; his face is all scrunched up like old newspaper as he stares at me with a ferocious look.
He doesn’t blink as he bends over me, “you’re late,” he scolds.
“Excuse me,” I bark pushing him away from me, “late I may be but I had some other things to attend to first.”
Noticing my obvious discomfort and annoyance at his attitude, the guard pulls away and gestures towards the cells.
I adjust myself and look at him, “thank you,” I stand confident and walk tall. I act like a queen as best as I can at this point.
I look at the prisoners and again they are sat there quietly and obediently. I never thought I would see such a thing. There are hundreds of them down here, how am I meant to sort this?
If I interview them one by one that could take hours or even days, I need to find a way to discover who has good intentions and were forced to be part of the star king’s army and those who are evil of their own choice.
I look at the guard and just stare at him for a few moments, looking for some sort of inspiration. As I watch him standing there extremely stiff, he takes a sip of water and stands completely firm.
Then it hits me, what if I was to give them a drink, a potion mixed with a truth and honesty spell that will reveal who they really are.
That sounds like a great idea to me, the guard notices my sudden change I look positive and excited.
“Can I help you with anything my lady?” He asks me politely, his attitude has certainly changed.
“I need a book, a book of spells of some sort.”
“Do you know what spell you wish to cast?”
“Yes, umm,” I click my fingers and bounce up and down trying to remember, “some sort of truth spell, oh and honesty.”
He frowns, “no such spell exists as one, and you would have to create two.”
I laugh, “This is me you’re talking to, I will mix them together and create my own spell but I don’t know what ingredients I need.”
“You will need the Book of Magic; it is kept in the library in a glass cabinet for use to us all.”
“Ok, cool,” as I go to leave he grabs my arm. I turn to look at him.
“You cannot access the book without permission from the king, basic spell casting is allowed but any spells from the Book of Magic will need to be approved.”
“Good luck that I am his wife then,” I curl up my lip turn on my heel and leave.
I leave and head straight to the library, I don’t think I need Ethan’s permission, surely he would trust me with such a book.
As I reach the doors, my heart and head filled with hope and doubts, I feel a gust of wind brush passed me. I know instantly that, that is Ethan.
I stop and turn, looking annoyed, “I thought you were busy.”
“I know what you’re after Lorelai and the answer is no.”
I tut, “I beg your pardon, no? Did you just tell me no? Do you not trust me?”
He sighs, “it’s not about trust Lorelai, it’s about the magic that book contains, some of it so powerful and some of it dark. My father used it when he started going mad, I cannot let the same thing happen to you. I know you have dark magic inside of you, I’ve seen it with my own eyes, and I cannot let you lose yourself in that book.”
I fold my arms in disgust, “how could you possibly think I am anything like that. One I have great power all on my own and two I am doing this for someone else’s benefit not my own, how dare you doubt me.”
“I’m not….”
“Yes you are, look at you stood there, shining away all defensive, if you want me to be a queen then you need to trust my decisions.”
His face softens, he looks at me and strokes my cheek, and I see the hurt and fear in his eyes. I know he is afraid but surely he should know that I am nothing like his father.
“You have to let me do what I need to do Ethan, please.” My words reach inside him deeply as he realises he needs to trust me. It’s a big step and a lot of trust that I cannot let be broken.
I stroke his cheek as he hands me the key to the special cabinet. Just like the library that used to be in Ebon City, it’s filled with millions of books that reach as high as the eye can see and rows that appear never ending.
The librarian looks at me with curious eyes as I make my way to the only book locked in a special cabinet. It’s a large old book, looks like it has seen better days with the Immortal Star symbol on the front.
I unlock the door and take out the book as the librarian gasps behind me, I turn and look at her and grin, “It’s ok, nothing to fear just having a read.”
She doesn’t have the look of confidence on her face that’s for sure. I take the book and sit down, diving into the texts of ancient stars and immortals.
The spells are magnificent, some simple and some very complicated. Ethan was right; the book contains a lot of dark magic for the purpose of evil, should you wish. Why would someone write something like this?
As I scroll through I find a truth spell and on another page I find one to test honesty. Both spells require different ingredients and both have different wording. I need to find a way to mix the two together to create the potion I require.
The librarian is still watching me, her eyes fixed on my movements, cautiously observing my actions and watching I don’t do anything stupid, like read out the wrong type of spell.
It’s amazing to be part of a world filled with so much magic and possibilities. The world I came from had none of this, just dictatorship and hard times if you didn’t fit into their world. Such a horrible place to be, feels like so long ago I was there.
I take the book and head out of the library back to the castle and into the study. Out of curiosity, I want to see what is going on there.
Ethan isn’t here, god knows where he is. Probably still making funeral plans, must be a lot to do with all those people we lost.
There on the wall, swirling in their multitude of colours are the gateways to all the other realms. I cannot see into any of the worlds so I am assuming they are simply to travel there. I definitely do not want to visit, I just want to see.
Using my brain and waving my arm, the swirling vortex changes into a mirror image, a floating water effect with an eye into the other realm.
I look and what I see I was not expecting. The three areas people were classed into have now been split into two. The rich and the not deserving! Everything seems unusual.
The rich seem to be living a life of luxury whilst those around them deemed unworthy are simply their slaves, forced into the bidding of the greedy. Dressed in brown rags and looking like they have not showered in years, their depressing faces make your heart sink.
I sit and watch for a while as I watch these poor people work and work and work and for what? All for the greed of someone else.
The government have completely turned to dictating state into something new. It’s appalling to watch. I sit and zone into what feels like reality TV but instead of being made up for entertainment purposes, this is actually how they are living.
Robots monitor the slave’s movements as the marshals seem to beat those who are too slow or not doing things as they wish. They ask people to join their cause and as I watch those who refuse are punished, what cause?
Not being able to watch the treatment anymore, I switch it back to the vortex it was just as Ethan walks in, head buried in a book. 
My eyes are red from the tears I have held back and I seem a little more set back than usual. Ethan, noticing I am there and the change in me drops his book and heads straight over my way without thought.
His eyes look deep into mine as he tries to figure me out, “what’s wrong, you seem upset.”
“I uhhh,” I’m lost for words, I clear my throat and look away at the wall, “I was watching….”
“You looked at the mortals didn’t you,” he finishes for me.
“Yes, I did….wait….did you know what was happening there?”
“Of course, it is my job to monitor all realms as the star king and the one who will assign stars to people,” he confesses without a bit of compassion.
“Ethan, people there are being treated like slaves, it’s disgusting, how can you stand by and let this happen?” I snap angry at the fact he knew and didn’t tell me and the fact he chooses to do nothing.
“Lorelai, as I have said before, it isn’t down to us how the leaders of other realms choose to run their people. All we can do, when the time comes is to take them to where they belong.”
“This is madness Ethan.”
“Lorelai, you cannot save everyone.”
For a moment I think he is right. There are billions of people on earth realm, how could I save them all?
I look at Ethan in a ‘you are unbelievable’ nod and turn on my heel once again and leave. I head to the bedroom to read the book and come up with a spell when I hear a baby laugh.
I haven’t seen my daughter all day, I have been so busy trying to get stuff sorted that I have ignored her. I put the book on the bed and head out into the largest living room of the castle. There sits my mum and my beautiful baby-girl.
“You ok sweetheart?” she asks bouncing my baby on her knee.
I reach out my arms and smile, “here mum give her to me,” Lilly-Rose smiles at me and is placed on my lap, “I’m ok mum, just a lot of things going on right now, feel like I’ve barely spent any time with my own baby, have you seen Ophelia?”
She shakes her head, “no I haven’t seen her at all, I saw her yesterday but other than that nope. She’ll be around shortly; you know she doesn’t like to be away from you or us for too long.”
Weird, normally she is around me like flies to poo, constantly seeking my approval of her so that I call her mum. I must go visit her and see if she is ok, I would hate it is something bad had happened. Or maybe it is my own mind having doubts and wondering if she is doing something evil again.
Ever since she was possessed to hurt me, I still wonder if she would ever be like that of her own choice. No, I cannot think that, of course she wouldn’t. 
I bounce Lilly-Rose up and down on my lap and listen to her sweet baby laugh which always puts a smile on my face. Being here with her takes all my worries off my mind and for the moment I simply enjoy some family time.












CHAPTER 3

It’s getting late, Lilly-Rose, my mother and I have enjoyed some girl on girl family time. I put Lilly-Rose to bed and kiss her softly, as she lays there sleeping I watch over her admiring the beauty that she is.
I leave her sleeping peacefully to find my mother sleeping on the sofa; she is exhausted to bless her. I cover her with a blanket and kiss her on the forehead.
Ophelia has not been back here and I am beginning to wonder even more what she is up to. Doubt creeps into my head like turtle, crawling slowly into my mind as I start to panic she is up to no good.
Ethan is not here either; he must still be in the study. It’s been a long day; surely he cannot still be making funeral arrangements.
I put Ophelia to the back of mind for a while and head to the study. There I see Ethan shining brightly as he rests. I look at him for a moment in awe as he looks exhausted, not rested for days since the battle. I go over and place a blanket over him, tidy up the paperwork and got to leave.
As I close the door I hear a slight mumble of my name, I open it to see Ethan sleepily looking at me. I smile and go back in closing the door behind me.
“You ok,” I whisper stroking his cheek.
“Yeah, didn’t know I fell asleep,” his voice all croaky.
“It’s ok, did I wake you?”
“No, here come sit with me.”
I sit on the desk facing him, his head falls into my lap so I run my fingers through his soft thick hair. His hand slowly slides up my leg and onto my thigh. It sends a slight tingle up my body. I cannot remember the last time he touched me in this way.
“I missed you,” he whispers softly.
“I’ve missed you too.”
He stands up so his face is level with mine. He has sweet seduction in his eyes as they sparkle ever so brightly. He slides between my legs and lifts up my flowing gown, revealing my bare skin.
I look deep into his eyes, not blinking as he moves his hand to my inner thigh and touches me through my very thin panties. The feel is electrifying, I gasp in pleasure as his hand rubs over me.
“Lorelai, I’ve missed this, you feel so good,” he leans forward and kisses me.
His tongue fills my mouth, hungry for a taste of me as mine fills his. I want him. I am wet, I cannot hold back anymore. I wrap my legs around him, groaning as his fingers slide under my panties and inside me.
“I want you,” I whisper breathlessly.
As quick as I say those words, he has his pants off; he has pushed my panties aside and slides quickly inside of me. Thrusting deep and fast as the excitement and thrill consumes us. This feels so good, it feels so amazing.
“Fuck Ethan I cannot hold it, I want to come all over you.”
“Mmmm baby, come all over my dick,” his words are so dirty I let go. 
I come hard, as I release he thrusts deep inside me. He starts panting as he grips my thighs tightly pulling me onto him before he lets out a groan and comes.
He pants as he falls into me, my legs wrapped around him like vine and his lips kissing me softly.
I have missed my husband’s touch. That felt electrifying, the pleasure that soared through my body like electric shockwaves. My heart is racing as my panting breath tries to return to normal.
“Wow,” my words escape me.
He strokes up and down my thigh, his penis still inside me going soft. I saviour the moment, each tingling pleasurable moment we are having right now.
“That felt so good,” he murmurs, his voice still slightly breathless.
He pulls out of me and lifts me down off the desk, his arms wrapped around me as he kisses me again. Mmm, his lips still taste like strawberries.
“You are so tempting,” he mumbles as he continues to kiss me.
“Mmm, so are you my king, I could taste your lips all day. My god I’ve missed you,” I grab him and pull him into me as our kisses deepen.
Once more I begin to throb, my insides tingling as I want more of him. I need him inside me; I need to feel all of him. I want him and I want him now.
Ethan feels my hunger for him; he lifts my flowing pink dress up and over my head. I stand in-front of him feeling exposed, my naked body in full view. He caresses me softly and moves his lips down to my neck. His lips brush over my skin delicately; it sends sensual tickle down my body making my hairs stand on end.
His hands run over my body gently, feeling every inch of me as I stand and absorb the moment. His fingertips brush across my hips as his kisses feel more energetic on my neck.
My hand slide up his back, over his neck and through his hair, I grab his hair and moan in his ear. 
“You want more?” He asks with amusement.
“I always want more.”
With his naked body now pressed against mine, he pushes me backwards until my back reaches the wall. With nowhere else to move, he lifts my legs so I am once again wrapped around his waist with nothing but his arms holding me for support.
His fingers dig gently into my ass cheek as he moves in and out, slowly so I feel every inch of him and the immense pleasure.
His rhythm is slow but sharp as he fills me, my legs grip round him tightly as I bounce up and down, my back rubbing against the wall.
His teeth gently pull on my ear lobe which turns into a wet sloppy sucking, mmmm it feels so good. He places me down on my feet as he slowly slides out of me. 
I cannot hide the disappointment on my face, “why did you stop.”
“Because I’m going to take you like this,” he spins me round, my back now facing him as he bends me over the desk quickly and once again enters me.
He takes me roughly from behind, pounding me as his thighs make a slapping noise against my ass cheek.
“Yes, Lorelai, take it, take all of me,” he groans.
I scream, I beg, “yes I’m taking it, give me more.”
My words hit him like a shovel. I feel the rhythm of his moves becoming more intensified. Bang, bang! He’s slapping against me.
Oh. My. God. I feel my body start to shudder as the pleasure of his dick inside me fills me like never before. My fingers dig into the desk as I meet his rhythm, pushing backwards onto him making him groan louder.
I can’t take anymore, I let go and come around him. He feels my wetness drip onto him. He moves faster and goes deeper and within seconds he then follows and comes deep inside me, digging his fingers into me as he releases.
He falls on top of me, lying across me panting I can feel his heart beating hard against my back. Thump, thump, thump several times, it’s beating fast.
As I lie across face down on the table, my chest pressed up against the cold surface which is now wet with my sex sweat, I can feel my heart beating hard against it as I breathe heavy.
“My god Ethan where did that come from?” I pant.
“I don’t know I just wanted you much. It felt so long since I had you that it just came out.”
I feel his breathing calm and his heart slow to a nice soft beat. He pulls away from me and lifts me from the table. My sweaty body peels away from the surface leaving a lovely visible body imprint.
He sits on the sofa situated in the study and calls me over to him. As I go to sit next to him, he pulls me down onto his lap and then covers us with a blanket. 
Snuggled into his arms I begin to shine. Happy and content my star magic releases as does Ethan’s. The room lights up and the shimmer of sparkling dust can be seen all around us.
“I love you,” he whispers.
“I love you too,” I breathe.
Finally, the husband I love is back to his usual self. I feel him relax and all the stresses and worries he has had to deal with seem to just float away.
“I’m still naked,” I giggle.
“I know,” he smirks, “it’s a beautiful site to see, but don’t worry, I’m naked too and we are covered with this lovely blanket,” he wafts it in my face playfully.
We sit in silence. The peace and quiet puts us at ease as he runs his fingers over mine, playing with them softly.
“Did you get done what you need to get done,” I ask faintly.
“Yeah, it’s all sorted. Everyone has been notified of the arrangements and the large funeral ceremony will take place in two days. I have given the instructions for people to follow. It will be a day of sadness” he sighs.
“Well no matter what you have me there with you, by your side where I will always be.”
He nods and smiles, “that I do have, how is Lilly-Rose. I feel I have been so distant from her since our return.”
“She’s wonderful,” I reply with glee, “she was there today with me and mum, bouncing on my knee and giggling. She’s so beautiful, you should see as much of her as you can, maybe after the funeral is over we can do something together, just us three.” 
“That sounds wonderful, we need some family time together,” his head leans on me comfortably.
I feel comfy, relaxed and at ease. The kingdom is silent and the stars above shine brightly. Basking in their glory of who they are, proud to shine in their kingdom for a king they respect and adore.
I snuggle down into his arms, my naked body kept warm by his touch and the blanket that covers us. Slowly my eyes start to feel heavy; I’m too relaxed to move.
Finally, after so long I fall asleep.































CHAPTER 4

The sun light reflects off the sparkle of the buildings creating a bright ray of light through the window. Its morning and I haven’t slept that well in a really long time.
I hear a cough and look to see my mother standing awkwardly in the door way. I look at her, look back at Ethan who has since rolled away from me and his naked body is exposed and I barely have the blanket covering me either.
“Well you look like you have been busy,” my mum smiles sarcastically.
I lift myself from the coach quickly, my messy sex hair all over the place and pull the blanket over me, “Ummm yeah,” I flush.
“Lilly-Rose is awake, she has fed herself, clever little bugger, wondered if you were hungry.”
I could eat, “Mmm yes please mum, wrap up something and I will be there in a second.”
She leaves, her eyebrows raised in amusement and she closes the door. I turn and look at Ethan who is still fast asleep, naked bum in all his glory. His hair is sticking up like he has stuck his finger in a plug socket and dribble coming from his mouth.
He lifts his sleepy head, his eyes barely open as he looks at me, “you ok,” his voice all croaky.
“Yeah, mums just doing some breakfast, you stay here and compose yourself,” I wink as I leave.
I head to the kitchen, my mum is whisking up something that smells amazing as Lilly-Rose plays with her toys in her highchair.
I have the blanket wrapped round me hiding my nakedness as I lean down and give my daughter a kiss. She looks up and smiles, blowing bubbles from her mouth. So adorable.
“You up to much today?” she asks mouthful of toast.
“Just making a potion for the prisoners and then I think I should go and see Ophelia.”
“Still haven’t heard from her?”
I shake my head, “no and to be honest I haven’t really tried. I have been so caught up with…..”
“Getting jiggy,” she giggles.
I roll my eyes and laugh, “my god mum, no. Just busy with other bits and bobs you know.”
“Ahhh I remember those days, the can’t keep your hands off each-other and the roaring sexual passion.”
I blush in embarrassment, “mum please, I don’t want to hear the gory sex details of you and dad,” I shudder at the thought. I couldn’t be any more embarrassed than I am right now. I’m sure my cheeks are flushing bright red.
I finish up my chat with mum and my breakfast, still wrapped in the blanket and put Lilly-Rose in an adorable little pink fluffy dress. She looks at cute as a button.
My mum watches her as I shower and get myself dressed. As a queen, well to be when the ceremony is complete, I must always look my best when out in public. It’s so much effort and pressure on my shoulders to constantly be perfect.
It’s ok for the immortals, their skins is always flawless and they always look amazing, being half a mortal does have its downsides, but still nothing stops me making an effort.
I hear the shuffling of feet enter the room just as I finish doing my hair. 
“You look so beautiful.”
I smile and turn to see Ethan stood there butt naked still with his messy sex hair, “oh my god,” I laugh, “did you walk through the castle looking like that?”
“Of course, thought I would come in and give you my version of the willy dance,” he swings his hips making his penis go around in circles.
I almost fall off the bed in fits of laughter, “put it away, I hate it when you do that. Sometimes I think you’re not normal.”
He runs towards me and jumps on the bed, playfully laying me down and smothering me in kisses. His lips tickle me which make me laugh.
“You seem in a good mood,” I point out grinning.
“It was our amazing night.”
“Very amazing, and I would love to stay here and play with you all day but I have things to do.”
He sighs, kisses my lips and removes himself from on top of me pulling me up with him.
My god I want him right now but if I let him take me I don’t think I will be able to stop, and I have to get things done.
“Look after yourself today; by the way have you seen Lawson?” He asks putting a robe over himself.
“No I haven’t,” I try to scan my brain but I hadn’t seen him.
I haven’t seen Lawson for a while. The last time I saw him was the day we all defeated the evil star king. Since coming back up here I haven’t heard or seen him, which is weird, he is normally not far.
“I will call on him today, have a good day my love,” Ethan smiles.
“You too, I love you.”
“I love you too.” I curl up my lip, raise my eyebrows and give him a seductive look and leave.
I go and grab Lilly-Rose and head out for the day. I walk down the large bright white steps that reflect off the star light and down the long stream that flows all the way down into the kingdom.
As I reach the end of the stream and enter the kingdom, I am greeted by smiley faces and happy people all wanting to see the little princess.
They all come over to the large extravagant pram where she is lying comfortably and take a peek in.
“She is so adorable,” a woman says.
“Yes, so beautiful, you must be proud,” says another.
“Yes we are; we are blessed to have her.”
“And another on the way I see,” a black haired woman says looking at me with an amused smile.
“Ummm, no not planning yet, once we are settled properly I’m sure you will have more heirs.”
She keeps looking at me like ‘I know something you don’t know’ but I ignore her, say my goodbyes and leave.
I don’t want to be rude, I know they are just being friendly, all wanting to see the new princess but today is a day when I feel like I have a million things to do.
As I approach Ophelia’s house, I get a strange feeling in the pit of my belly, a feeling of worry and that something is not quite right.
Do I want to take Lilly-Rose in there, it could be dangerous. Thinking what is best for Lilly-Rose; I wave my hand and send her back to the castle.
I walk into the house, the windows are open and although we are in an enchanting kingdom, creepy wind whistles through the building.
“Ophelia are you in here? Hello?” I call out but get no response.
I walk into the sitting room, the old antique furniture is untouched and everything looks in perfect condition. The chandelier on the ceiling is swinging slowly, being blown by the wind from the open windows.
I walk back out into the hallway and look up and down. My heart starts racing but still I see nothing. 
I look up the stairs, its dark. Our houses are normally so bright and so cheerful but this is dark and glum. It doesn’t seem normal.
I head up the stairs, there are several large rooms, all filled with old furniture, kind of from her early days as a star and the fashion that was raving at that time.
It’s weird to think how somethings in the Star Kingdom are still like home, houses that look like mortal abodes but with sparkling effect on the exterior.
“Ophelia….” I call out nervously but still there is no reply, just the whistling sounds of the wind flowing through the house.
I go into one of the rooms and look around, nothing has been touched, the beds are still tidy and the room looks exceptionally clean.
Ophelia has lived in this house since she was born. When the evil star king turned everything into darkness, her house became nothing but an empty building filled with shadows of the evil that surrounded the kingdom at that time.
Since we have come back, everyone’s former homes have been returned to their former glory. The shine and sparkle showing the happiness and good that now fills the Star Kingdom.
Their homes in Ebon City, and all of the buildings that had been erected there, were just a mirror image of how their lives were up here before they were forced to flee.
This room looks s it if was never anything but what it is right now. Pictures still hang on the walls and cabinets remain untouched.
As much as our buildings shine and sparkle in the kingdom, Ophelia’s seems dull and dark. I look around the room to see if she or anyone has been here but everything looks untouched.
I see a photo on the bedside table, mad to think an immortal star would own such normal furniture but they do, the photo is a picture of a small girl.
It’s very dark in here and it’s hard to make out the photo well. The lights are not working, which furthers my bad feeling, so instead I shine to create some light in the darkness.
To my shock the little girl in the photo is me but I don’t remember her ever taking this. It’s me on my first day of school when I was four years old, smiling at my mother and father who are taking the picture of me in my uniform.
It’s strange to think but I remember the day well, it’s always been one of my fondest memories, my first day in big school.
I was so excited putting on my school uniform for the first time, my mother was making a massive fuss and tears were falling down her eyes as my father just beamed with pride.
My mother kept kissing me all over my face and sobbing about how her little girl was growing up. Some things you do not understand when you are a child but as you get older the things your parents said start to make sense.
I don’t remember Ophelia being there though, I didn’t meet her until I was eighteen so I have no idea how she got this photo.
My mum used to display it proudly in her bedroom where she would look at it every morning, maybe Ophelia went back to the house to get it, I don’t know.
I place the photo back where it belongs and head out of the room. Looking in each of the rooms I see nothing suspicious or nothing that seems out of place, every room looks untouched.
I come to the last room and nervous butterflies begin to flap around in my stomach. Call it instinct or fear but something tells me behind this door this is something horrific.
I knock on the door gently and press my head up against it, “Ophelia….are you in there?” But there is no reply, “Ophelia it’s me, are you alright?”
Shaking, I open the door slowly. The hinges squeak as I push the door to see into the room. The room is a complete mess and looks as if there was some sort of fight or struggle.
I walk in, my footsteps barely making a sound on the wooden flooring beneath me.
“Ophelia?” My voice trembles.
As I get in full view of the room, I see something that catches my eye, legs sticking out at the end of the bed. I walk over reluctantly as I call out, I know it’s her, I recognise the shoes she is wearing. They are ones we bought together a long time ago.
As I come around the bed and in view if the body, to my horror, Ophelia’s body lies there but, her head is missing. Someone has murdered her.
I almost vomit in my mouth, in fear that something or someone may still be there, I run out of the bedroom back down the stairs and outside where I then begin to scream.


CHAPTER 5

Who could have done such an evil thing, I thought the evil was over but it appears we have someone evil living amongst us. Fear rips through my body like a sharp saw, who has done this?
My screaming attracts the attention of a passer-by who comes to my aid instantly.
He looks at me worryingly as he sees I am in a state of shock, “my queen is everything alright.”
But before I can answer him, as I seem to have an issue letting the words release from my mouth, Ethan is right by my side.
The star that came to my aid bows respectfully as Ethan gives him a polite nod and then looks at me, he sees I am visibly shaking, “Lorelai, what the hell happened?”
“I....there….she….” I point at the house as I struggle to find full sentences. I find it hard to believe what I just saw.
The man who came to my aid goes inside the house as I stand still in shock, unable to speak, outside as Ethan is trying to get information out of me.
He comes rushing back out, his face white as a as a ghost, “My king a woman is dead upstairs,” his voice trembles.
“Ok, thank you Peter, please take my wife back to the castle.”
He takes me in his arms and transports me back to the castle. Words still fail me as nothing seems to want to come out of my mouth except ‘thank you’ to the star I now know to be Peter.
My mother comes out of the large castle doors and sees my pale expression, “sweetheart, what the hell happened? You went out and I was just here and then the next thing I knew Lilly-Rose appeared back here in her pram. What’s going on?”
I continue in my shock state, unable to speak as my body shakes with horrible images flowing through my mind.
“Breathe honey, breathe deeply,” she says mimicking the actions, “I’m here, you’re ok. Tell me what happened.”
Somehow, my mother holding my hand and doing breathing techniques with me seems to calm me enough to be able to talk.
“Ophelia is dead.”
Her face turns from concern to just as shocked as mine, “oh my god, how? You’re all immortal, how can you die?”
“She was murdered, her head chopped off.”
My mum almost vomits, “someone removed her head?”
I nod, “yes, it is the only way to kill us.”
“Someone knows that then to do that.”
“All stars know that, that or trap our souls.”
“Who did it?” she asks her face in her hands.
“I don’t know, I ran out when I saw it, I didn’t even think to look at anything else, Ethan is there now.”
My mum puts her arm around me, “come sit inside sweetheart, I will make you something to calm your nerves.”
My mum ushers me inside calmly, her arms firmly around me giving me support. I walk inside and Lilly-Rose is playing happily in her play pen surrounded by maids who are keeping her entertained.
Yes, we have maids up here, as much as all help each-other there are still duties that are to be carried out within the castle, like I said, sometimes this is place is very much like my old home.
We head to the kitchen and the cooks offer to make something up for me but my mother insists she would like to do it. She is like this all the time, she isn’t used to having people wait on her and will always step in to do things herself.
I guess it’s nice that she doesn’t take them for granted and that she hasn’t become snobby and stuck up. She’s still the mum I knew and I doubt she will ever change.
My mother begins talking to me about random things; it’s nice not to think about what I saw. Without realising I get lost in the conversation and Ophelia’s horrible image leaves my mind.
“So when will the ceremony take place?”
“After all the funerals, it will be a long day and a lot to organise so I think Ethan wants to get that out the way first, less stress I suppose.”
“Stress,” she laughs, “he will be king what could be stressed about.”
“I know,” I shrug, “I suppose being king you’re not supposed to stress but he still has a kingdom of people to reign over.”
She nods approvingly as she places her cup to her lips, “this is true, like being back home but in a magical immortal king,” she giggles taking a sip of her tea.
“I guess that’s true,” I chuckle.
“My queen,” a voice mumbles behind me, I turn to see one of the maids holding Lilly-Rose who has a massive smile on her face, “I think she wants you.”
I hold my arms out for her, “not a problem I don’t mind, here.” She hands me my baby, curtseys politely and leaves.
“She is growing so much isn’t she,” my mother point out to me.
“Yeah, well he gave her that potion didn’t he but she’s ok, seems to have developed her mind too.”
“Yeah, I think she is a clever baby anyway, I mean she practically feeds herself, it’s weird,” I beam with pride.
“Well she definitely gets her brains from our side.”
“Or from me,”
We both laugh making jokes about the fact men don’t have brains, it lightens the mood.
“Is she immortal?” My mother asks playing with the baby’s toes.
“Well she has magic within her as we have seen but we will not know if she is immortal until she is eighteen.”
Just as the mood lightens, Ethan returns his face just as gloomy as it was when I left him. The kitchen staff nods in respect as he politely acknowledges them and he comes over to me and hugs me. Those awful images come rushing back to me.
“Are you ok?” He asks stroking my cheek.
“I’m holding up, what did you find?”
“Well, someone definitely murdered her and took the head with them; the guards are there now doing a sweep of the building to see if they can find anything but it looks like a struggle gone wrong.”
I gulp nervously, “who would do such a thing?”
“I don’t know,” he shrugs, “but as perfect as you think we are up here we too have the odd criminal.”
I roll my eyes, “I know that Ethan I’m not bloody stupid but I didn’t expect someone to go chopping off someone else’s head did I, was her star soul still with the body?”
“No, that had gone too and I have communicated with our fellow stars above and they have confirmed she has not joined them.”
“Wait,” I jump up, “did they not see anything?”
He nods and lowers his head, “no, they said her house suddenly vanished from their radar and they couldn’t see her. As they only saw her enter they assumed she cast a hidden spell for privacy and thought nothing of it.”
“What the hell? They didn’t even think to bloody check?”
“They have no need to check, if she wanted her privacy she is entitled to it.”
Rage fills me, “what the actual fuck Ethan.” Angry at the fact no-one did nothing I turn on my heel outraged and leave.
How could no-one think, especially after what has happened, to check that everything was ok?
I’m not saying she was not entitled to her privacy, of course she was. But if someone had been part of something before, where they stole my daughter surely, if they cast a hidden spell, the elder stars should surely look in and make sure nothing ‘fishy’ is going on. 
I find it hard to believe that no-one had common sense or the decency to do so. What fucking idiots!
Fuming by the situation, I go and grab Lilly-Rose and transport myself away from the Star Kingdom, I need to breathe and gather my thoughts and most certainly calm down.
I head to Benthos, I know my Aunty will be happy to see me, I haven’t seen her since we all returned. As I enter Benthos, the scene I once saw has totally disappeared.
Green land and beautiful mountains surround me, the blue sky enthrals me. I can’t believe it once was so dark and cold and now it’s beautiful to look at.
“Lorelai,” I hear in the distance. I turn and see my aunty coming towards me, a lovely smile on her face. As she reaches me she embraces me in a hug, “I’m so glad you have come back to visit and you brought the baby,” she kisses Lilly-Rose on the forehead, “please come.”
We walk down into the village and I observe the surroundings, “it’s so beautiful here, it’s just like I saw when I had a vision of my father in the past.”
“Yes,” she smiles walking beside me, “it has returned to its former glory. When you defeated the star king, those here just evaporated into thin air.”
“I think that was much more to do with Rasantios instead of the star king, if they just evaporated they must have been his demons and when I sent him back, they must have gone too.”
“Sounds plausible, so how are things with you?”
I cannot hide my miserableness or anger, “someone was murdered in my kingdom and there could have been ways to prevent it but it wasn’t done.”
We enter her tepee which has been rebuilt and is rather large. It is filled with what looks like Red Indian furniture and large sofas covered in white fluffy blankets, very homey.
She looks at me in shock, “oh my god, with the stars watching over how could someone manage to do that?”
I shrug annoyed, “my point exactly but apparently a hidden spell was cast and they assumed she wanted her privacy so they did nothing.”
“Even after everything that has happened, the battle, the star king they didn’t think to just check.”
“Nope, they simply thought nothing of it so the result of this is Ophelia has lost her life and they are just brushing it off.”
Her eyes widen, “what? Someone murdered Ophelia? How can they have done nothing knowing it was her they could not see, surely there should be some common sense?”
I sit in silence; even someone from another realm sees that it would have been sensible to just check on her after everything that happened.
“I just had to escape,” I murmur, “I was so angry at the situation, how could they let that happen and Ethan, well he just infuriated me so I just left, I mean how can they be so god damn stupid.”
My aunty places her hands on my shoulders “Ok Lorelai breathe, calm down. I understand you are angry but this is no good for you or Lilly-Rose, she will sense your anger.”
She is right, Lilly-Rose has been through so much already I don’t want to unsettle or frighten her. I look over and she is sat on the fluffy rug playing quite happily with a toy, I am so blessed to have her in my life.
“Can I stay here for a while, I don’t want to go back yet,” I ask trying to control my emotions.
“Of course” she smiles, “you are always welcome to stay, after-all you are the heir to this realm.”
My god she is right, all of this is mine. But right now I cannot think of that, there is so much going on in my head I feel like I am spinning.
I’m just going to stay here and calm down and figure out what move I should make next. 
Staying in Benthos, this should be interesting.










CHAPTER 6

I awake slightly feeling a chill in the air and the sounds of birds chirping. My eyes flicker at the sound I have not heard in a really long time. Birds? Why do I head birds?
I open my eyes slowly, still sleepy and confused as to where I am; the room is dark and slightly cold with a breeze coming through the open window.
I jump up in a panic, Lilly-Rose soundly sleeping in the crib next to me and then I realise, I am in Benthos.
I completely forgot I was here; I was sleeping so soundly and so deeply that when I woke hearing the birds, it startled me slightly.
I get up and close the window noticing the slight light of the sun peering over the green hills in the distance, it must be early as dawn is only breaking and it is still rather dark.
The light has not yet reached the village, but the view in the distance is breathtakingly beautiful. The beaming rays of the sunshine just breaking over the greenery, it’s lovely and calming.
I climb back into bed and look at my daughter sleeping peacefully. For a moment, I feel at ease, stress free and like I am in my comfort zone, but not long and those thoughts of Ophelia come back into my mind.
I know Ethan will be going stir crazy since I left, he doesn’t know where I am, although, I’m sure if he really thought about it he would know I am in Benthos and come find me.
Lilly-Rose wakes up and looks at me, a beautiful angelic smile stretches across her face. I smile back at and tickle her rosy cheeks.
“Are you hungry princess?” I get up and fumble around looking for a bottle or some milk but when I turn back she already has one, “now how did you get that missy?” I giggle, such a clever little girl.
My Aunty Serena comes in, the sun now just touching the window, “morning my darling, I trust you slept well,” she smiles.
I nod, “yes, so well I actually forgot where I was when I work up this morning.”
My aunty laughs, “Aww bless. It can be that way when you are deeply sleeping, I see Lilly-Rose is doing well?”
“Indeed she is.” We both look at her happily sucking away on her bottle, legs up in the air just being a normal baby. 
“Are you planning on going back today?”
I shake my head and sigh, “to be honest I am not ready to face them today, I left in such a hurry and I was so angry I think if I go back there my anger will return, and I need to refresh my mind I think. Maybe you could show me around here, after-al I have only seen the village.”
She smiles and gets excited, “oh Lorelai that would be a lovely idea, all of the people would love to meet you and I have some exciting things for you to see.”
She grabs me some clothes that are native to Benthos for Royalty. Normally I would be wearing the pink sort of ball gown I am currently wearing but theirs is like gipsy skirts and tops with a robe of authority.
As if I couldn’t feel any more ridiculous!
The female clothing is skirts and tops. The skirt is long gypsy style, it hangs on your hips and the top is short and crumply showing your mid-riff and slightly off shoulder. Now, this is a lovely outfit but I feel daft, it may suit some people but it definitely does not suit me.
Top add to it, she messes with my hair and creates beach sort of waves and places a wreath of flowers on my head, and then she adds the cloak which is white and places it around me.
“I feel like a twat,” I moan.
“Nonsense, you look absolutely beautiful” she protests still fussing over me.
Lilly-Rose is placed in a beautiful satin dress with lace around the bottom and ribbon detail, now she looks lovely however I hate what I am wearing.
When we leave and head outside, I notice other women are wearing similar outfits however modified to show they are not royalty. Their tops are longer and their skirts seem poofy and less gypsy looking. 
This is not even a gypsy colony so why do they feel the need to dress me like this. I feel completely stupid as I wander through the village with them staring at me.
I feel like they are laughing but instead they smile and bow their heads politely as I pass them, “see, you look beautiful,” my aunty whisper as we pass by.
We head out of the village and towards the green hills behind them on the opposite side to where I enter from. We head towards where we once saw the evil guards heading towards their small village.
The sun shines down brightly giving the illusion it is a warm day, but there is still a slight breeze in the air that makes you feel a chill, but not enough to be freezing.
We walk over the hill and finally we reach the top where the whole of Benthos can be seen in full view.
Lights shine down from the major part of Benthos City where millions of people are residing. Flowers boom and the sky is blue, it is picture perfect.
“Wow,” I mumble.
“This is our home,” my aunty smiles waving her hand at the city below.
“I cannot believe it looks like that compare to the little village down there.”
“Well when the war started here, the people in the city were forced to do the will of the evil guards. Some people like me and those back there,” she points at the village behind us, “managed to escape and start a fresh new life. Eventually they caught us and when we refused to bend to their ways they kept burning it down. But since you have defeated the star king, we have managed to return back to normal, some things will take time but we are getting there.”
“And this, this is all mine,” I gulp looking over at the large city below.
“Yes, but not to fear, you will be amazing,” my aunty tries to reassure me.
I understand what she is doing but this is another realm, a realm that homes millions of people, and not only that I am mean to be queen in the Star Kingdom, that’s just too much responsibility for one person.
I have to put someone in charge of this realm for when I am not here, I will do my best to help but I cannot split myself in two.
Before I can suggest anything, a large alarm starts ringing; it is like a war siren echoing over the entire realm. The sound is loud and almost deafening, even Lilly-Rose begins to cry.
“What is that?” I shout.
“It’s an alert; someone unknown has just entered our realm. Come, we must head back to the village.”
She grabs me and starts running, I am carrying Lilly-Rose and this is clearly a lot of effort.
“Stop,” I shout to her, I then grab her arm, “I have a quicker way,” I transport her back to the village where everyone is running in a blind panic as a man seems to be walking towards the villagers.
“Take Lilly-Rose and head inside,” I order at my aunty handing my baby over.
I walk towards the tall muscly figure slowly strolling towards me, as it comes into view I see that is Lawson. How the hell did he find me?
“Lawson?” I call out.
“My queen, we have been worried about you,” he proclaims as he comes closer, “Ethan has sent the kingdom looking for you, I gathered you would be here.”
Weird! “How did you get here?”
“I just transported, just like you did. Now there are no restrictions we can go between realms as we please.”
He seems cold, normally he is the friendliest person but he seems nervous and distant around me.
“Ok, I understand, well you can tell your king I am not yet ready to return and when he sees that something terrible could have been prevented and he wants to be reasonable then tell him I will return,” my voice annoyed.
He coughs, and fidget’s uncomfortably, “not a worry my queen, I will deliver the message,” and before I can say another word, he is gone.
I knew Ethan was looking for me but I thought he would at least come himself.
Lawson was weird, normally, although not the hugging type, he is warm and like I said friendly. But he didn’t seem like he wanted to be anywhere near me and left in a hurry.
He normally tries to reassure me, calm me down and bring me round but he accepted my answer and left. Strange!
“The coast is clear,” I yell so the villagers will come out from their home-made huts.
“Who was that?” My aunty asks clutching the baby.
“Lawson, one of our soldiers, said Ethan has sent a search party after me. But at least Lawson can tell them that I am safe.”
“You should go home,” my aunty suggests, “you need to discuss this with Ethan.”
“It’s not that I blame him,” I sigh, “but the Elder Stars should have known better and he should have stepped in or done something.”
“Don’t you have the ability to see the past?” My aunty asks curiously.
I turn to her, “oh my god yes I do,” a lightbulb suddenly goes on in my head, “why didn’t I think of that before, I managed to do it to see what the star king had done to Ethan, why can’t I do it to see what happened to Ophelia?”
“How did you manage it with Ethan, and wait, what happened to him?”
“Long story, I tapped into his mind. I don’t have Ophelia to do the same thing,” my logical thought now seems pointless.
“You can do it here, you just need to concentrate and focus, do you have something of hers? Or something she has touched? Given you maybe?”
I look down and on my wrist is a bracelet she gave me when she first came to Ebon City. She said it was to remind me that she always thought of me every day when she was not at my side.
I haven’t worn it much but I put it back on the night after we shone together on the balcony. It’s full of star charms with little moons, it’s really pretty. She would say it was her way of watching over me, each star and moon is a year she spent watching me with the stars above.
I take it off my wrist and look at it; it’s silver and shiny and holds sentimental value. Surely this piece of jewellery should work.
I remember there were times when I had not worn it, when she noticed I could see the pain on her face; she was heartbroken as she felt it meant nothing to me.
It always meant something but I had my mother to think of. I didn’t want to hurt my mum who had been there my whole life, raising me and loving me and make her think that my birth mum was more important.
I always felt torn between the two. That if I loved Ophelia my mum would be heartbroken, but then if I loved my mum Ophelia would be heartbroken.
But the truth is I love them both dearly and they both have a place in my heart. Ophelia once broke my trust, she hurt me and I thought she was the most evil person in the world, but when I found out what the truth was, inside I was happy she would never do that, although a part of me still had doubt.
I go and sit on the bed in the hut with my aunty and my daughter and stare at the bracelet. I have to give this a shot.
I take a deep breath and my inner self begs ‘please work.’









CHAPTER 7

“Right, now you have that, you need to close your eyes and concentrate, block out everything around you, every smell, every sound and anything that could distract you. Tell your mind where to go,” my aunty whispers as my eyes are closed.
I take a deep breath, holding onto the bracelet and in my mind focusing on Ophelia. I can hear my auntie’s voice slowly drift away as if into the distance. 

‘It’s silent it’s dark. I am on the front step of Ophelia’s house. The door is open but it appears no-one is inside. I walk through as if in some sort of dream. I walk upstairs to where I found her and I hear the mumbling of voices.
I push open the door and see Ophelia arguing with someone. Their shape is blurred and their voice is muffled, I cannot make out who it is.
They are arguing about earth, something about the person there something about someone ruling there, it’s all muffled and I cannot make it out. The figure goes to leave and Ophelia turns her back towards the window. The figure then turns back to her and strikes, knocking her onto the floor.
She screams but no-one comes running, I reach out to help her but I am not really there. I scream but no-one hears me, am I seeing this or is it just a dream?
The figure strikes, blow after blow until Ophelia cannot fight back, he takes a swing and cuts off her head. He picks up her head and leaves, I don’t see their face, I just see black boots, the figure is gone, and the room is silent.’

“Lorelai breathe,” I hear in a faded voice.
Suddenly I take a deep breath and open my eyes; I am back with my aunty.
She looks horrified, “Freaking Nora Lorelai, you ok? You went really deep into that and stopped breathing, I was really worried.”
“I don’t know, I couldn’t see anything, just pieces like a dream, I couldn’t see who it was but I saw what he done, I thought I was able to enter the past and change it, Ethan always said I should be careful because I could alter events.”
“Yeah, sometimes those with a gift of seeing the past can alter events if they wish, but sometimes you may only view the past to understand what happened, sort of like watching a TV show.”
Well that’s a fucking pain in the ass, what’s the point of this power if it picks and chooses what it allows me to do, its shit!
I look at my aunty in frustration, “well that’s useless; I didn’t see anything anyway, just blurs of what happened, well I saw the argument and her die but I couldn’t see who done it, was like their identity was blocked.”
My aunty looks at me seriously, “whoever done this knows you have that power, they have cast an identity protection spell so you wouldn’t see them if in any attempt you tried to look, which you did.”
I look at my aunty confused at her words, “how would you know of such a spell.”
We have been friends of the immortal stars for centuries, their spells and magic where once open to us, our people would request certain spells when needed and they would be performed by a star.”
It now becomes clear to me that whoever murdered Ophelia very cleverly planned it. They knew I could see what happened and they knew Elder Stars watched the kingdom. Their cunning plan was executed very well.
But why Ophelia? Why her? Did she know something she shouldn’t have known, or was it because she saw the killers face and they had to dispose of her.
Whatever the truth, I will find out one way or another.
“So what are you going to do about this?” My aunty asks.
My mind wanders back to my vision of the past, what am I going to do? I didn’t see who it was, but I can confirm what happened to her, maybe I should tell Ethan or our guards? Have they even bothered investigating since I left?
I look at Lilly-Rose who seems happy sat on my auntie’s lap; do I want to take her back to a kingdom that is not safe?
Was it just a one off or will there be other murders, other lives that are needlessly wasted.
“You seem deep in thought,” my aunty points out snapping me off my trail of thought.
“Yeah, just so many things going through my mind, I fear something is coming and one more battle is on our hands, can Lilly-Rose stay here with you where she is safe? I don’t want to take her back yet; at least here I know you will look after her.”
“I’d love to,” my aunty smiles bouncing the baby on her knee, “besides, she’s family, and we will protect her with our lives.”
I cast a protection spell on my baby; if anything tries to hurt her I will know and will be here quicker than the speed of light.
I head out into the village and say my goodbyes, they all promise to protect Lilly-Rose and I have every faith that they will.
Their realm is safe.
I head towards the large open Greenland and take one more glance back, they are waving in the distance and with that I am gone.
As I enter the Star Kingdom, everything seems normal. People are going about their day to day lives as if nothing has happened. They are preparing for the funerals that are taking place later on today, I had completely forgot about them.
 I head into the city of the kingdom and people begin to notice my return.
“My queen, I am glad you are back,” one says.
“Happy you are safe,” says another.
I acknowledge them politely and then I head up towards the castle, I see my mother is outside watering flowers, she turns and sees me and appeasement fills her face. She runs over to me and hugs me tightly, “thank god you’re home safe. Where is Lilly-Rose?” she asks noticing her absence.
“She’s with my Aunty Serena, I thought it best she remain there for a while, where is Ethan?”
“He’s inside in the study, he has been worried sick about you. We had no idea where you had gone and there are so many places you could hide.”
“I told Lawson where I was, he came to see me in Benthos, and I gave him a message to pass on.”
My mother looks at me, her brows lower in confusion, “no message has been passed on to us, and Lawson hasn’t been here since we sent a search party after you.”
Well that’s odd, I know that I saw him and I may have been a bit rude and angry but I thought he would have passed the message on.
I brush it off, kiss my mother and head inside the castle and up to the study. As I approach, the door is closed and it appears silent on the other side.
I knock the door making him aware I am entering and push the door open cautiously. Ethan is sat there wearing only a robe. He looks awful.
“Hi,” I whisper.
He turns and looks at me, his face pale and his eyes not as sparkly, “where have you been, I have been worried sick about you.”
“I was safe, I was with family, I had to get away from all this, you, them, everything. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing and for you to just brush it off…..”
“I never brushed it off,” he interrupts leaping to his feet over to me, “there was not much I can do, but I do have people investigating it, I understand what you meant Lorelai.”
“It didn’t feel that way.”
“Where is Lilly-Rose?” He asks looking behind me for her.
“She is safe, I fear we have a fight on our hands and I didn’t want her to be caught in the middle of it again.”
He pulls me into him and wraps his arms around me. As mad as I was, with every intention of coming in here and giving him a piece of my mind, he suddenly makes all that go away.
I missed him, I missed being in his arms, the only place I have ever felt safe. He kisses my forehead gently, moving his lips down to meet mine.
“I’ve missed you,” he whispers.
“I’ve missed you too,” I breathe.
His hand slides up my thigh and under my skirt, he reaches my panties and touches me gently. His hand rubs back and forth, caressing me and making me wet.
His kiss deepens as I moan into his mouth trying not to make a sound. 
“I need you,” he gasps, he pushes me against the wall and lifts up my skirt.
He pushes my panties aside and lifts me around his waist. I can feel him getting breathless, his heart beating hard and fast through his chest.
Before I can blink, his erect penis is inside me, thrusting fast and hard as his thighs thump against me.
This is electric; I feel my blood rushing through my body as he pounds me. My legs tighten around me and my hands grip the back of his hair.
Fuck me!
I feel him about to climax, his body shakes and his grip becomes tight and firm. I let myself go and shortly afterwards so does he.
He carefully lowers me to the floor and back onto my feet as we both try and control our breathing. 
“Wow, you really did miss me,” I giggle.
“I always miss you,” he smirks.
I quickly pull my skirt down and Ethan pulls his robe around him, I notice him looking at me weird, “what is it?” I ask baffled by his expression.
“What the hell are you wearing?”
I look down at my outfit and back at Ethan, “well, I was in Benthos, this is their clothing for royalty so my aunty got it for me to wear.”
He laughs, “That’s awful.”
I poke him “oi don’t make fun, she wanted me to be a part of them ok.”
“Ok,” he controls his laughing, “go get back into your clothes, we have funeral to go to.”
“Umm, do I wear pink to a funeral?”
He looks at me, “no, you wear white, your dress is in our room,” he giggles.
“Stop laughing,” I snap trying to not to laugh also, I’m not angry; I just don’t want him making fun of me in my ridiculous outfit.
I quickly change into my white gown. It flows nicely made of organza type material and my hair falls with natural waves. Perfect, with minimal effort.
Ethan comes out shortly after in a white formal suit. He looks handsome with his formal robes draped over the top.
“You ready?” He asks.
“As ready as I’ll ever be for my first immortal funeral,” I look up as if searching my brain for the words I just said, “feels weird to say that.”
Ethan takes my hand, “I know, but sometimes it happens.”
We head outside of the castle and down towards the city where everyone is gathering ready to give our departed a farewell send off.














CHAPTER 8

Our people are gathered, they don’t look sad or depressed. They each hold a rose between their palms like prayer style. It’s very similar to human funerals.
Each of the dead bodies is lined up in caskets and we, the immortal stars surround them.
Everyone looks to Ethan and me, Jesus! I have never felt so much pressure in all my life.
“My people,” Ethan begins, “today we mark a tragic end to a war that we wish could have been avoided. These stars have given their immortality for us, their courage and bravery will live on as we send their souls to the star after-life.”
I look at Ethan as he speaks, ‘star after-life’ what the hell is that? I thought their souls just become burning stars for the rest of time, is that what he means?
Why am I overthinking all of this, of course that’s what he means, they are not going to be able to me back now are they. I feel really uncomfortable, these people died because of me, because I came into their world bringing the danger that caused their demise.
“Today we say our goodbyes and send them into eternal light,” Ethan finishes as I snap out of my own mind.
Everyone gathers around and holds hands the rose’s in-between each person’s palm, Ethan quickly glances at me and leans in, “this is where you will shine to send them on,” he tells me.
Just like before during the first time Ethan took me to Ebon City, everyone gathered to shine for the festival. Now I need to follow Ethan’s lead once again as I have no idea, of course I know how to shine but is this a special or a normal shine, I just don’t know.
Ethan takes my hand firmly and every star begins to shine. Our light shines upwards into the kingdom skies above creating nothing but whiteness. Blinding bright white light.
I look down and see the coffins and the bodies within them changing. Light surrounds them as they break into sparkling pieces which then swirl around and become some sort of star dust.
A different ray of light shines down from above, I have seen that before when Elder Stars have come to collect people, like my father.
The swirls of glittering stardust seem to drift into the light that has shone down from above, as if they are now going to where they belong.
It’s beautiful and calm. It’s like swirls of stardust are happily drifting off into the skies. It’s not violent, it’s not malicious in any way, it’s as if their friends are taking them to a better place, what I see is amazing.
After the swirls of stardust disappear, the stars lights start to dim until we all return to our normal selves. It was the most amazing thing I have ever seen.
“How did you find that?” Ethan turns to me and asks, like he’s looking for some sort of approval.
“It was….” How do I put this, “lovely,” I guess that’s the only thing I can say.
“It will never happen often but you got to experience your first immortal funeral.”
“Indeed, I hope we never have to do that any time soon. It was as if I could feel everyone’s sadness and happiness all at the same time.”
Ethan nods, “yes it’s a lot to deal with on your first time, we are sad for departed but happy they are going to a better place and all those emotions are put into the shine.”
“My king,” Lawson approaches, “I see the funeral has gone well, it is time to move on.”
“Lawson,” Ethan acknowledges, “what do you mean?”
“You are to be crowned king along with Lorelai who is to be our queen.”
He seems to be back to his normal self, giving advice as to what we shall do next. We do have to sort out a coronation to make things official. Although people address us as king and queen, we are not yet legal with that title, well according to the Elder Stars.
“Yes Lawson, you are right, it is time to move forward and put the past behind us.”
Lawson nods, bows and leaves. Everyone moves away from the gathered circle and goes back to continuing with their day to day lives.
I have never ever known that to happen after a funeral. Normally there is a time to morn for the deaths, not straight away returning to their busy day lives.
Ethan and I head back to the castle where my mother was watching the event from the window.
“My god Lorelai, I could see that all the way from here, it was incredibly bright.”
I smile, “I know, it is sometimes blinding when you are not used to it.”
We head up to the study where Ethan begins to make plans for the coronation with the help of his trusted Guards and advisers. Being royal is a job all on its own.
I look over to the vortex’s that lead and see into other realms. I sneakily look back into my home world and I am utterly disgusted by what I see.
So much has changed, everyone is, well from what I can see, dressed in rags and are bound together with chains at their feet being ordered to fulfil the needs of others.
The whole world seems grey and depressing. How can we as a powerful realm allow this to happen?
“It isn’t our battle to fight Lorelai…” a voice echoes behind me. I turn and Ethan is looking very serious at me, “I know what you are thinking, but the answer is no. We cannot jump into a world and fight their battles for them.”
“But we did it for Benthos and the others, why not them,” I argue.
“Because those realms were affected by my father, realms that needed us to put right what he had done wrong. The human realm has its own government and only those people can put right what they believe is wrong.”
“Are I not half human?” I answer back stubbornly not giving up.
Ethan sighs in frustration, “Yes you are but you half mortal god from the realm of Benthos, not a normal mortal Lorelai, the answer is no.”
I huff, turn on my heel and leave. How can he point blank refuse to help people in need? I know he is not a heartless person, I know he will always help anyone, but why can he not jump in and help those humans.
Ok, I never really belonged to that world and maybe if I always knew I was a star then maybe I would feel the way he does. But the truth is I am not that person and seeing people being treated that way seriously affects me. I want to help them and give them back their lives, not live in a horror world run by dictators, marshals and evil robots.
I head outside looking for my mother but she is nowhere to be seen. Strange, I only spoke to her not long ago. I move around the castle grounds passing people attending the garden but yet no sign of her.
My mother doesn’t tend to wander far from the castle, unless she heads to her own apartment. I head over to her apartment but no-one is there. I check every room but the apartment is empty.
I go outside the apartment and I look around the grounds but again I cannot see her. Where has she gone?
I head back to the castle and ask the grounds people have they seen her but then they too confirm that they last saw her talking to me outside.
The castle is huge. Full of hallways and secret doors, she could be anywhere. I head down to the kitchen, which is only there only for mine and her benefit, and of course Lilly-Rose’s but I still cannot see her. 
That’s strange, she is always here somewhere. She never goes far from me. I try to sense her but I sense nothing and now I am beginning to worry.
I head to the study and pop my head around the door asking Ethan if he has seen my mother but he has not seen her, I smile at him not to alert him to my concern and head back out.
I know Ethan will chase me if he thinks something is wrong so I purposely block it out.
I head back out into the castle grounds, searching around; I cannot see or sense her.
“Mum,” I shout and wait, but nothing.
I keep walking until I end up going deep into the Charmed Forest. Creatures sing and flowers bloom, it’s mesmerising. 
Light shines down through the greenest tree’s creating a ray beaming through the forest.
I walk further as my stomach begins to get nervous butterflies. Something is wrong, something is terribly wrong.
As I reach the bottom of the forest by the Majestic River, again I see nothing except the sparkling blue water and green trees that surround me.
Being in this forest is meant to be tranquil but I feel nothing but fear and nerves.
Instinct tells me to follow the river bank. It’s a long river bank as this is the river that flows through the entire kingdom. It joins the river that flows outside the main castle steps.
It is the water that flourishes our land and for the young stars who have not yet reached immortality.
Strange birds like creatures freely fly above, chirping happily away as the rest of the weird creature’s lives amongst the greenery. They are not seen anywhere other than here in the forest. 
It still amazes me how similar the kingdom is to earth. Maybe earth is based on our home, I do not know but I do know the creatures that here most certainly do not live on earth.
I sit beside the river bank and dip my feet in the water. The cool water touching my skin calms me slightly and allows me to think.
I am going out of mind thinking the worst when she could have easily gone exploring. I know she doesn’t normally go far but that doesn’t mean she never will.
May I am over reacting because of what has happened to Ophelia, and surely after that incident, the Elder Stars are definitely watching.
I need to stop feeling this way, it’s probably nothing. I get up and begin again walking down the river bank but then in the distance something catches my eye.
It’s half in the water and half out, floating quietly. Oh no! Cautiously I walk down hoping it is nothing more than maybe an animal or something unimportant. Just mess or something silly, but as I approach it, my worst fears become a reality.
There, floating away it my mother, I gasp in shock and then run over to her.
Her face is down against the grass, I roll her over and what I see almost makes me sick.
Her face is covered in blood and her body has been violently stabbed. This isn’t something I would expect to see here, this is something I would expect to be done by humans.
Who the hell done this? 
“Mum, mum please wake up please,” I shake her but I get nothing.
She isn’t breathing, she isn’t moving. My mother is dead.



















CHAPTER 9

“Someone help please,” my guard is let down and in the blink of an eye, Ethan is by my side.
He looks down in horror to see me cradling the bloodied body of my mother, sobbing uncontrollably and rocking back and forth.
“She won’t wake up, make her wake up,” I bawl.
“Lorelai I can’t wake her up, she’s dead,” Ethan whispers trying not to break.
“How can this happen, how?” I snap, “She was with us only a few minutes ago and she was fine, who could do something so awful.”
Before anything else is done, the groundsmen appear and Lawson arrives, “oh my life,” he gasps in horror as he almost vomits at the sight, “my lady you need to move away.”
My head turns slowly as I feel the burning red of anger in my eyes, “I am not moving anywhere, this is my mother!” my voice roars with evil.
“Lorelai, Lawson is right, we need to have the area examined,” Ethan is slightly fearful of me, the dark magic within roars through me. I have all this power and I cannot bring her back.
“Examined? For what? This is a realm full of magic, I tried seeing what happened to Ophelia, I am the most powerful star, and you guys think you are going to find something here then you’re all fucking stupid.” Anger and sadness builds inside me.
I don’t want to let her go. I knew something was wrong I just knew it; I should have trusted my instincts and got here sooner.
“This is all my fault,” I sob, cradling my mother’s lifeless body.
“How?” Ethan says sincerely kneeling down beside me.
“Because I came into her life, she didn’t ask for this, she didn’t ask to be killed like this, if only I had protected her, stayed away, left, never went to her then she would still be alive.”
“Lorelai,” Ethan sighs, “Baby, no-one knows what her fate would have been should you not have been taken to her, but your mother would never have changed you for the world. She loved you so much and she would never have wished you were not in her life.”
He is right, but right now I cannot see reason. I know my mum loved me as much as she loved my brother who was her biological child but the fact is she has now been savagely murdered and all because of me.
Ethan manages to pull me away, I hold onto her hand until the very last moment I can no longer hold on, and then she is just a corpse on the floor with guards and people fussing around her.
Ethan stays as Lawson wraps his arms around me and takes me back to the castle. I am glad for his friendly support right now; he has been strangely weird the last few days.
We head inside the castle where Kalsar, the head of the gardeners and castle staff, is patiently waiting.
“My lady, I heard, I am so very sorry for your loss, is there anything I can get you?” He offers kindly.
I nod, “No thank you, I’m ok,” I cannot even bare to eat anything right now. 
I head away from them, walking like a zombie with haunting images in my mind of my mother. I go to my bedroom and sit quietly on the bed.
Can I change the past? Can I see what happened to her? There is a killer amongst us and I must do something to stop someone else getting hurt.
I lie down on the bed and close my eyes; just like my aunty taught me I zone everything out around and surround myself with my light, peace and calmness. 

‘I’m walking around the castle grounds, I see a figure head towards the forest and I see me. I am watching myself walk in the opposite direction. My dream shadow follows the figure, who is this person?
Their shape is identical to that I have seen before, it is definitely the same person doing this. As I head into the forest it becomes a blur, I see nothing but dark fog and hazy shapes.’

I pull myself back from my vision and realise that someone is blocking me, it is someone who knows of my power and they are purposely hiding themselves from me.
I fear that a greater reasoning is behind all of this, this is not random attacks, they have been killed for a reason and I plan to find out who it is.
I call upon the Elder Stars; I am demanding answers for what has happened.
“I know you can hear me, I don’t care what you are doing I want you here right now….” I demand.
A swirl of wind fills the room and suddenly a shadowy figure, almost see through like a ghost appears in-front of me.
“Lorelai, although you may be the most powerful star, who are you to call upon us,” he is rude and authoritive.
“I don’t give a flying fuck who you are or how above me you may be, you have just allowed two people in our kingdom to be murdered. You are supposed to watch over, see everything and you didn’t see this. I demand to know your reasons.”
His eyebrows rise in shock as I snap at him forcefully demanding a response, “Lorelai, I understand you are upset but our vision was blocked and you do not demand from me.”
“Blocked?” I repeat annoyed, “how can someone have the power to block your vision, after what happened to Ophelia, don’t you guys have the fucking brains to put something in place to stop it happening again? And I will demand whatever the hell I want from a useless star that cannot do his job properly.”
He coughs uncomfortably, “we were in the process of creating this, unfortunately the suspect is ahead of us and our opportunity is missed.”
“Ahead of you, what are you? Amateurs? Get out of my sight….”
“Lorelai!” I hear behind me, I turn and find Ethan in the doorway, “what are you doing?”
“Demanding answers from the waste of space that are meant to help us,” I snap.
“Please return,” Ethan advises and the Elder Star disappears.
“What the fuck are you doing?” I snarl.
“Lorelai, they are the highest power, only a king should call them.”
“I don’t give a shit who….”
“Lorelai,” he interrupts, “I know you’re angry and I promise we will resolve this, but angering them will not help your cause.”
My cause? Did he honestly just imply that this is only for my benefit? That no-one else is worried about a mad person being on the loose.
This is too much to handle, far too much to handle. I feel light headed and dizzy. The room begins to spin around me and Ethan starts to look distorted. No longer being able to focus I pass out.

I hear mumbling voices, the voices of Ethan and another person. I open my eyes but it’s blurry.
“Are you sure?” Ethan’s voice mumbles.
“Of course I am sure my king, it’s extremely early but the stress of everything that has happened has begun taken its toll, that’s why she passed out, that’s how I have found out she is at the early stages..”
What’s extremely early, what the hell are they talking about? Early stages of what? And Stress? No kidding, of course I am stressed, two people close to me have just been murdered, what am I meant to be, jumping for joy?”
“Will they be ok?” Ethan asks whoever is in the room.
“Both will be fine, I would highly suggest she rests for a few days, drinks plenty and eats something, her human half is seriously crying out for some food.”
They? Who are they? My god my head is spinning, I don’t think I can keep my eyes open any longer; I drift back off into a sleep.

I awake feeling warmth on my cheek. Am I dreaming? It’s like warm summer shining through the window and brushing across me. I stretch out and feel an empty bed, I’m still in bed? I must have needed that sleep.
“Oh my lady you’re awake, I will fetch your husband” the star cleaning my room perks up leaving the room in a hurry.
Ethan comes in quicker than I blink, looking at me, relieved that I am awake.
“How long have I been out?” I ask him, my voice dry and croaky.
“Just two days, you hadn’t eaten in god knows how long and all the stress, your body just gave in.”
“Hmm, I guess it sucks being half mortal.”
Doctor Pandora enters wearing a large smile, “Ahh Lorelai, how are you feeling?” She asks checking my temperature and shining lights in my eyes.
“Umm, I feel ok, thirsty and a little hungry but ok,” I smile, “I’m ok yes?” I ask as she observes me.
“Of course you are, your body was just worn down is all, and obviously you need your energy because you are pregnant.”
I jump up in shock, “I’m sorry….what?”
“Pregnant,” she repeats.
“How, I mean….it’s only been a week or so since Ethan and I had sex, how the hell can you say I’m pregnant.”
She laughs at my stupidity, “My darling we are magical stars, we can find out anything we want. Yes you are extremely early but you are in-fact pregnant, you need to take it easy.”
I lie back down on the bed, my mind trying to absorb her words, pregnant….pregnant….pregnant; I repeat it over and over. 
How could this be, no is not the right time to have a baby, with everything that is going on, how? Ok, I understand how that is a silly question but still, it isn’t the right time.
I feel my breathing become quick and shallow s my chest tightens, oh my god I think I am having a panic attack.
Pandora quickly realises this and then rushes to my aid, before I can respond, everything goes black.

I wake up, Ethan hovering over me like an over-protective mother and Doctor Pandora holding my hand.
“There she is; you ok?” she asks as I come round.
“Yeah,” my head is fuzzy.
“Can you please all give me a moment with my wife?” Ethan asks sounding upset.
Everyone politely bows and leaves the room one by one until Ethan and I are alone. He sits himself on the edge of the bed and looks up at me with sad puppy dog eyes.
He sighs, “Lorelai, are you happy about this?”
What kind of question is that? “What do you mean?”
He takes a deep breath, “well when the doctor said you were pregnant, instead of embracing the news you went into a full blown panic attack and passed out.”
Well duh…. “I was just shocked is all; it was the last thing I expected.”
“Do you not want it?” he lowers his head.
Idiot, as if I would say that, “of course I do, just with everything going on it’s not the right time but I wouldn’t turn my baby away and as my mum always used to tell me, everything happens for a reason.”
Ethan curls up his lip and smiles, “good, I will be here all the way, no stress for you and we will find out whoever did this.”
I smile, “I know we will,” actually I don’t have the faintest idea but I have hope.
Ethan comes and lies beside me, rolling me over he cuddles in behind and gently runs his fingers up and down my stomach.
Mmm, I relax.



CHAPTER 10

It had been a few days since I had discovered I was pregnant and Ethan is eager to tell the news to the people but I keep holding it off.
I know good news may lift their spirits but there is a pending funeral and a murderer to catch, right now I want to keep this under wraps, if possible.
I don’t want everyone fussing over the new baby when two people have died. Ethan may think I have pushed it to the back of my mind but I haven’t, it’s very much a focal point in my memory.
Ethan has been arranging the coronation with the help of his advisers and guards and Lawson has been by my side constantly.
He’s been really helpful which is not what I was expecting, he’s become so friendly it’s nice. It’s nice to have a friend being as now I feel like I have no-one.
Yes I have Ethan but it’s not the same and he cannot replace my mum, neither can Lawson really.
I have been arranging my mums funeral, I have decided I am going to bury her in Benthos next to my her husband and my real father.
I think it will be nice, Ophelia is going there too when they release her body, god knows why they need to keep hold of it. If I‘m being honest, the Elder Stars are pissing me off. 
They are not being very helpful in trying to find out the reason behind this huge cover-up and are basically keeping out of the picture, why were such idiots given that title, wankers.
I cannot stay here right now, it’s starting to drive me crazy, plus I haven’t seen my daughter in a few days so I think today is the day I am going to head to Benthos.
I go to the place they are holding Ophelia and my mother’s body and meet the guard who has been looking at her body for clues.
“My queen,” he says startled, “may I help you?”
“Yes, I would like the bodies of my mother and Ophelia please.”
“Umm,” he stutters, “we have not yet finished with them, and we need to get everything we can.”
“You have had both bodies for more than enough time to gather the information or evidence that you require, I want them so they can be laid to rest, it’s bad enough their lives were taken and I will not let you keep them any longer,” my tone authoritive and pushy.
He takes a step back, seems weary of me, “I must protest my queen.”
I lean over the table, the body down in-front of me, “you can protest as much as you want, I’m taking them.” I place my hands over both bodies, and with swirls of stardust surrounding me with my light, I am gone.
I arrive in Benthos and place the bodies gently on the ground. Thankfully they are covered, I doubt anyone would want to see the state my mother is in. 
I see my Aunty Serena coming towards me, my daughter in her arms, “Lorelai, how are you my darling.”
“I’m ok,” I sigh.
“Why so sad, and what are those?” she asks pointing to the covered bodies behind me.
“That’s Ophelia, and that one is my mother.”
“Your mother, mother?” she gasps.
“Yes, she was murdered,” I hold back tears as my aunty goes to lift the covers, “NO don’t do that,” I shout startling her.
“Why, is it bad?”
I look at her, she sees the look in my eyes, and her expression turns to horror. Curiosity gets the better of her as she slowly lifts the cover off my mother.
She jumps back after seeing the mutilated corpse of my mother lying there under the cover, “Oh my god, who did such a thing?”
“I don’t know, whoever is doing this has my visions blurred, I cannot see anything,” I admit to her.
“Why did you bring them here?”
“Because I want to bury them next to both my father’s.”
Her expression now shows empathy, she understands I loved my mother and father dearly and it makes sense to bury them together, all of parents together as one where I can visit them safely.
Lilly-Rose is smiling at me; I’ve missed her so much. I pick up and hold her close, “did you miss mummy?” 
She looks at me and smiles, I know she understands me. We walk back to the village and my Aunty Serena arranges the men to transport the bodies to the graveyard.
“Thank you,”
“Anything for family,” she smiles.
We all head over to the cemetery so that I can say my final goodbyes and lay them to rest. 
My heart feels heavy; I cannot believe I am doing this. Now I have no-one.
The men lower them down into the ground, I hold back my tears clutching onto Lilly-Rose for comfort.
“Would you like to say a few words my lady?” One of the men asks.
“Umm sure,” I move closer and look down into the holes in the ground that now hold all my family, “Mum, I’m so sorry this had to happened to you, I thought I was keeping you safe, I’m so sorry. I miss you, I love you.” I drop a single rose onto the body of my mother.
“Ophelia, my whole life you were there watching over me when I never who I was. You tried to guide me and show me your love and at times I rejected you, you are my mother and I am grateful for the life you gave me, you introduced me to people who looked after me dearly, take care my fellow star, may you shine always. I love you.” And then I drop a rose on top of her also.
A gust of wind brushes passed me, in the breeze I hear someone call out to me, ‘Lorelai, we will always be watching over you,’ I turn and see two sort of starlight heading into the air, ‘until we meet again,’ and with a whisper the wind is gone.
I turn to grave and smile, I hope now that they are both in a safe place and they are right, one day we will be reunited.
The men begin to fill the graves in as we head back to the village.
“So what are you going to do now?” my aunty asks.
“Well, there is a killer to catch, a coronation to be had oh and I’m pregnant.”
My aunty stops and looks at me “well that’s wonderful news isn’t it?”
“I suppose,” I shrug, “but I just feel something bad is coming and I’m scared about having this baby right now.”
“My dear,” she holds my hand, “you have fulfilled your destiny by defeating the star king, whatever challenges are ahead you will face and be strong, you are the most powerful creation.”
“Not powerful enough to see passed whoever is blocking me and to over-rule the Elder Stars.”
“Oh those stars believe they have power over all because they were given the ultimate title. Your power is far greater than theirs, whatever lies ahead, you will succeed.”
Her words fill me with courage but deep in the pit of my stomach there is still uncertainty and doubt about the future.
“I must head home, I think I will take Lilly-Rose to see her father, if I need to protect her, I will send her back here to you.”
My aunty nods, “of course, we will always welcome and protect her. Go, be with your family.”
I kiss her on the cheek and wave goodbye as we head out into the fields passed the village. I take one look back and then I am gone.
Arriving back in my kingdom, I feel like nothing is the same. I know there is another battle on the horizon; I just wish I knew what it was.
I wish I knew who was behind this and what the hell it is they are after. If I knew that I could put a stop to all of this.
I head back to the castle to find Ethan. No doubt I know that he will be in the study, preparing things for the coronation and wondering where I am. He should know by now that I always disappear to Benthos.
“Hey,” I whisper noticing his back to me as I enter the room.
He turns and smiles instantly seeing Lilly-Rose in my arms, “aww my baby-girl is home,” he comes over and scoops her out of my arms, “daddy missed you so much,” he looks at me, “I know what you did, you shouldn’t have done that.”
“They deserve to be laid to rest in peace, after what happened it was the least I could do.”
“Thank you for bringing her home,” he smiles.
“It’s ok, and I’m sorry I freaked out about being pregnant, was just a lot to handle is all,” I shrug and smile.
“It’s ok, you have given me heirs to the kingdom, dealt with a war, and now something else is facing us, I understand why you felt the way you did, but know that I love you and we will fight this together.
His words fill me with happiness and I feel the support from him. I always thought he was against me on this but it turns out, he is by my side and whatever it is we will fight it, together.
I leave Ethan playing with Lilly-Rose as he heads down to the castle gardens. I watch them from the window and my soul begins to soar. He is an amazing father and I love him so much, the star of my life, both of them.
I hear drums and the sounds of people shouting fiercely, they sound so far away but close enough to hear. I turn wondering where the strange sound is coming from and notice the portal to earth. 
The people are being marched into some sort of building, heavily guarded by that fucking government.
I have to see what is going on there. Without thinking, I poke my hand through the swirling portal and before I can pull back it drags me in.

The world is grey and depressing. What’s happened here? The people are shuffling into the building two by two with their feet bound by chains.
It’s disgusting, how can they treat people this way. There is a man on some sort of perch by the building, he is in a black robe and I cannot see his face.
The guards around him seem to be following his orders, is he the new leader? What is going on here?
I quickly grab some sort of robe left on the side that they all seem to be wearing and cover myself with it.
People are gathering in their numbers going into this building. The robe is long so it hides the fact my legs are not bound like the others.
I follow the crowds and head into the building. I need to see what is going on here.






















CHAPTER 11

Inside is filthy, cold and damp. Like the building has been left to rot and is being used by squatters. Disgusting!
In-front of us is a large podium and the man in the black robe has now moved on to it, his guards stand around him.
I see Lord Justice stood next to him, that fucker is still not dead? How could he not be? How does he manage to keep surviving all that I throw at him, that man is not human.
Everyone stops when instructed and they look up at the black robed man and Lord Justice.
Everything is silent, I look around at the people, men women and children all tied together, it’s sickening. 
One child looks at me; she is dirty and looks so hungry. I want to run over and recuse her but doing so will give me away. I can see the look on her face; it’s so sad, so heart-breaking.
“People,” Lord Justice begins in his strong manly voice, “a new day is coming for all of us, one where we will get rid of the weak and only the strong will prevail. You have heard this, we have voiced our requests, our world is changing; a new leader is among us. Power and strength will fill our cities as we conquer the world.”
I look around at the people, some seem interested in what he has to say, others show dread and fear. What is he on about, conquering the world, with what? His army? His guards, surely there is not enough of them to have power over the entire world.
“We need strong people in our society so that we can become the most powerful of all, join us or die.”
His words spread even more fear amongst the people, the threat of dying makes them stand up and join in crusade. He seems to be taking orders from the man hidden behind his robes.
Lord Justice looks to him as the man leans in and whispers in his ear, I watch them closely but then something catches my eye, a sparkle.
It’s not a sparkle of light; it’s dim as fuck in here. It’s the same sparkle I first saw in the dark when I met Ethan that sparkle in his eyes is because he is a star, a star is doing this?
I cannot believe what I am seeing, I need to get out of here and get back to Ethan as soon as possible, if I transport here they will know.
There must be a way to get back the way I came in, no-one saw me enter from behind the rubble. I need to get back there.
Everyone who stood up to offer their pledges are being led towards Lord Justice, everyone else who refused are being led back outside.
I follow them in hopes I will be able to escape but then something stops me in my tracks. I see a guard pull a gun and hold it to the little girls head.
He is yelling at her mother that this is her fault, that she is the reason her daughter will die for not joining forces with the government, how can a star allow this?
I cannot let this happen; I rush over to her and stand in-front of the little girl who cowers behind me. I remove the rags I and reveal who I am, the guard instantly recognises me.
“Miss Stone,” he mouths.
“Yes, you will not harm this child, she is innocent, a sweet soul who has done nothing to deserve your evil,” I snap.
“You will do well to remember where you are and what I can do to you.”
I lean forward looking into his eyes, “Oh believe me, I can do a lot fucking worse to you,” I swing my hand and with my light I send him flying.
I turn to the people, “run, everyone run and save yourselves.”
The little girl looks up at me, “you must be an angel, and mummy said angels were beautiful.”
I kneel down, “I’m no angel sweetheart, but you’re safe, now run.”
The mother nods and thanks me as people start dispersing quickly, the guards are heading this way and it is time for me to make a move.
I run back to where I entered and notice a sparkling stone, as I touch it, it ripples and I know that is my way out.
“Get her,” I hear in the distance, as gun fire is shot my way.
I quickly wave my hand to create a protection wall that they cannot pass through for the time being, allowing the people a chance to run and with that I head back through the portal.
As I arrive back, I am thrown through the portal and onto the floor where Ethan is stood waiting, angrily tapping his foot.
I look up innocently, “Hi,” I smile.
“Don’t hi me, I know exactly where you have been and I saw what you did, what did I tell you Lorelai,” he snaps.
“Ok,” I start getting up off the floor, “firstly it wasn’t like I planned it, secondly I couldn’t let someone shoot a child and thirdly a star is behind this.”
“I’m sorry,” Ethan is confused.
“A star, a star is to become their new leader and I fear that is what the deaths here have been about, that star, whoever it is killed my mother and Ophelia because either they knew something they shouldn’t or it was a ploy to get to me.”
He places the baby in the playpen, stands still for a moment and then slowly turns to me, “one of our own people, are you sure? Because that’s a serious allegation.”
“Yes, I know a star twinkle in the eye when I see one. That’s what’s ahead of us, a star trying to take over the earth realm.”
“But I thought we put a stop to that with my father?” Ethan looks crushed.
“I know so did I but this is different, they don’t want to rule all realms, they want to rule the world and be the most powerful realm.”
Ethan looks just as shocked as I was, “we cannot let this get out, we must keep this between us, otherwise panic will spread and everyone will look at each-other as if it is them, not knowing who to trust.”
I look at Ethan, my expression confused, “Umm, don’t we already have that; there have been two murders, I’m pretty sure that puts fear in people.”
“No, they are aware but they are not scared, they have magic and believe they can defend themselves, we want to keep it that.”
Naive of them, “Ok, should we speak to the Elder Stars about this?”
“We must inform them of our thought yes as we will need their assistance.”
“Ok,” not that I really want to let them know anything, I fucking hate them.
“Come on, our coronation is this evening and you need to get ready,” he takes me by the arm and leads me to the great dressing room.
“Wait, what? Tonight? Why so soon?” I’m flabbergasted how he has managed to organise this so quickly.
“Well things don’t stop when you leave Lorelai, we must be coroneted as soon as possible so the rightful people are at on the throne, you don’t want anyone to challenge it do you?”
I’m confused, “would someone even dare do that?”
“No, never has been done but they have the right should they wish, luckily we’re all nice aye,” he winks.
“Not all of you,” I give him ‘you know what I mean’ look and instantly he looks away.
Wow, I am going to be crowned Queen and Ethan a King. I never thought it would be happening right now. Thought I would least have a few days to prepare?
I am dressed in a massive pink ball-gown with a train that runs behind me for about ten meters, looks more like a wedding dress. Why bloody pink!
My hair is placed in a curly up do and I am giving pink sparkling shoes, I look like something you read in a fairy-tale book. I feel ridiculous.
I am led out and down into the great hall of the castle where all the stars are gathered. I walk down the aisle to meet Ethan who is handsomely dressed, just like a prince.
At I reach the end of the alter, he takes my hand and I take my place by his side.
The Elder Stars gather in-front of us and give the reading for the coronation.
During the reading, one of the Elder Stars places a crown on both our heads and a small tiara on Lilly-Rose’s head; she looks so beautiful in her little pink glittery dress.
“My stars,” the head of the Elder Stars, Jackson, addresses them, “the ceremony is complete, I would like to present to you your royals, King Ethan and Queen Lorelai, also presenting Princess Lilly-Rose, will everyone please come to their feet and welcome them into their rightful positions.”
Every star stands to their feet and joins hands; they look up at us and shine their light upon us. Ethan steps forward pulling me with him and nods at me to shine back to them. Our light shines a bright blue colour as our royal right is bestowed.
Jackson turns to us, “everyone, your King and Queen,” as he begins to applaud, the lights dim and the stars join in.
Our titles are official, even though people treated us like this anyway, I don’t think anyone would have dare challenged Ethan.
Although we know there is once more an evil star among us, the fellow stars are generally the nicest people I have ever met. Always willing to help each-other and never two faced, never wanting to hurt one another.
We follow Jackson down the steps and the aisle outside the castle where the rest of our people are cheering for us.
For a moment, I forget all about the bad things that have happened recently and enjoy being crowned a queen.
It doesn’t appear that anyone is against us which baffles me, who would want to rule earth realm and destroy the people whilst we live such amazing lives.
Magic and freedom with no crime, well hardly. It appears the perfect world, who would want anything different.
I have lived in both worlds; my life was once dictated to me, run by a government who wished for nothing but power and control, why would someone want something that makes you miserable.
“Are you ready my queen?” Ethan asks snapping me from my thoughts.
“Of course my king,” I take his hand as he picks up Lilly-Rose and we walk through the people down the white glowing river and into the city.
A banquet will be provided tonight in our honour with a party to celebrate, it’s been so long since we’ve had a party, after everything that has happened I think it is needed.
I turn to see the Elder Stars gathered in a line behind us, they give us a polite and respectful nod and then they disappear.
We hardly ever see them and they know that right now, I hate them, they have a job to do, find the killer star, which I am betting is the one in earth realm.
Ethan and I put everything behind us for this one night and enjoy the festivities laid out for us.
I know that tomorrow things will return to normal, we have to find out who the killer star is and what it is they really want.



















CHAPTER 12

‘Can you hear me?
Where are you? Mummy, please don’t leave me, how can I find you.
I am gone honey, don’t try and look for me, I am here where I will remain for a while.
But mum, I don’t know how to make this better, how to make this right.
You will find a way my darling, be strong and have faith in yourself.’

I awake feeling groggy, my mouth is dry and it is barely light outside. What a weird dream, I was chasing my mother through the dark, mist surrounded me but all I heard was her voice. I don’t know if it meant anything, it was just a dream maybe it’s because I am craving answers, I don’t know, minds muddled, feeling sleepy still.
I go into the baby’s room and check on her, Lilly-Rose is asleep and Ethan is missing, I’m all alone.
I go out to the balcony and see the stars shining above, it’s still night-time but I have no idea what time it is. The castle grounds are silent and the castle is quiet, where is everyone?
I go down to the kitchen, the staff are missing, weird, they are normally down here fussing away, I grab myself a drink and head back upstairs.
I don’t think I have seen the castle this quiet before. Ophelia always used to be pottering around doing something, my mother used to go to bed late and Ethan is usually working, so it’s strange being so silent.
I can’t be bothered to walk around looking for them so I head back to bed. Lying on the bed staring at my beautiful hand-crafted ceiling, I cannot seem to drift back off. So many things are going through my mind, the fact that I am now a queen, I am pregnant and there is a murdering star on the loose in the kingdom and I have no idea who he or she is, well I have a small idea.
The Elder Stars are not being of any help, just sat back behind the scenes. Maybe now that I am queen I can implement some changes, like who Elder Stars are and what powers they should have, is that cruel of me?
I can’t think anymore, it’s almost light out, have I been staring at the ceiling for that long. I go back out of the room; I hear Lilly-Rose mumbling to herself.
I go into her room, she is sat up in her crib just smiling throwing her toy’s about, “someone is a happy baby this morning, come on, let’s go find daddy.”
We head down to the study; there I find Ethan and his guards working away on matters of the kingdom.
“My lady,” a soldier greets me.
“Hi guys, the castle is completely empty, where is everyone?”
“I have sent them home; we are placing a curfew down, all stars to be inside their homes at times so we can try and out who we are looking for.”
“Oh,” nice of him to say, “why didn’t you tell me about this and when was this all decided.”
“After the party,” Ethan casually advises.
“That was two days ago, you couldn’t have told me in the mean-time?”
“I didn’t want you to worry or be stressed in your condition my love,” he keeps his back to me being busy in whatever he is looking at.
“I’m pregnant, not disabled, I’m sure you could have told me your plans.”
“It’s ok, go rest for today,” he brushes me off.
I get angry, he is being so cold and distant, “Ethan for fuck sake look at me,” I snap rumbling the building with my powerful voice.
He turns sharply, “My lord Lorelai what is the matter with you.”
“With me?” I repeat annoyed, “you make a decision without informing me, this is my family that this person has murdered and you are being cold and weird and basically a fucking asshole, do not shut me out of this or I swear I will go out and find out on my own in my way whether you like it or not.”
I see the look in his eyes, it’s that look when he fears my next move or what I will do. He knows I am far too stubborn to listen to the Elder Stars and keeping me in the dark will only infuriate me. 
He pulls me aside, “Lorelai, this is personal for you and I wanted to keep you safe,”
“By treating like a child, like I’m not important?” I growl.
“No, by keeping you away from danger. I know you don’t agree with the Elder Stars but they have been our watchers since the beginning, it would be wrong to go against them.”
Standing there looking at him I see what he means. They have been brought up to honour the Elder Stars and obey them, well not me. I wave my hand and send Lilly-Rose back to Benthos.
“What are you doing?” Ethan panics.
“I’m going to do what you all should be fucking doing,” I lace my hand in the vortex for the earth realm and I am gone.
Landing crash bang onto the floor I look around and I am right back where I entered the first time, although no-one seems to be around, it all appears deserted.
I get up slowly and peer behind the great large pieces of brick that cover me; the building in-front that once held thousands is destroyed.
I look behind me and see nothing but destruction and crumbling buildings, is this the life they are subjected to now?
I walk to the place behind me, something in my gut tells me to go that way. It’s as if everything has been destroyed by war, how did it get so bad?
I walk along the dusty road with no idea where I am going or what is ahead of me. The place seems completely empty.
The drones and robots are nowhere to be seen, the automatic scanners are broken and buildings demolished.
A children’s bike lay broken on the floor and family air-loon spread across the gravel like garbage. 
Why would a star want to live this way? I keep walking until finally I hear the sound of mumbled voices. I see a little girl in the distance but upon spotting me, she runs away.
“Wait!” I shout after her as I chase to see where she has gone, “wait I won’t hurt you.”
I manage to follow her into a dark deserted building, she is hiding behind an old reception desk, I think this used to be the hospital, who knows anymore.
She pops her head out, “Hey, it’s ok, I won’t hurt you,” I whisper gently trying to coax her out of hiding.
She slowly pokes her head around and comes out from behind a broken filing cabinet, I smile at her letting her know that I am friendly, “hey sweetheart,” I hold my hand out, “it’s ok, I won’t hurt you.”
Her blonde hair is knotted and dirty, her face is covered in what appears to be soot and her clothes are raggedy, who would do this to a child?
“Where are your parent’s?” I ask her.
“Mummy died, daddy is sick, can you help daddy?” Her worlds melt my heart.
“I can try, where is daddy?”
She points to a building opposite; I suddenly notice a flame burning in the make-shift window that has no glass, just holes in the wall. 
She takes my hand and leads me over there, seemingly cautious of all that is around her.
We head into the building that is just like all the others, broken, cold and dark. There are people in here in every nook and cranny all huddled together to try and keep warm.
A lady stops me, “who are you? Why are you here?” she seems fearful.
“Hi my name is Lorelai, what happened here?”
“The man, the man came, he will destroy us, you and your evil eyes. You must leave us.” She becomes panicky.
“Emily, that is enough,” a strong male voice echoes, I turn and see a man limping towards me, “don’t you remember what this lady did for us when those men were holding guns to our children’s heads? She saved us, she is not like you and I, she is special.”
“I’m sorry if I startled any of you, the little girl brought me here.”
He nods, “I see, she was out looking for supplies for her father, please come,” he orders walking away signalling me to follow him.
I follow him up to a small private room where it appears he has been living, “what happened here?” I ask.
“War between us and them.”
“Who are them?”
He sits in a broken chair and looks at me seriously, “us and the government. You see, a man came down from the star kingdom and demanded that we all follow him. That he was our new leader. When we refused and finally stood up for what we believed in, he destroyed our homes, took everything away from us. The rich in Petunia Valley were given a choice, most of them of course chose to follow, only a small amount refused.”
“Wait,” I stop him, “you know about the star kingdom? How is that possible?”
“Because my lady,” he leans forwards looking directly into my eyes, “I used to be one.”
Shock rushes through me like electricity “what the…..”
“I know,” he leans back, “shocking to believe I would choose a life in this realm, but you see, I fell in love with a mortal and for that I was forced to give up my immortality, she would have died otherwise for my betrayal.”
Wow, I guess that happens more than I realised, “was it the star king?”
“Yes,” he nods crossing his leg, “he found out of our love and threatened to kill her. I begged him not to do so and he bargained with me, give up my immortality and grant him all my power, or watch her die.”
“So you gave up everything?”
“She was my everything, it was no contest, I gave up my immorality and he banished me here. I saw the darkness that drifted beyond the city and I knew it was you, well, the stars, but I could never be part of them again.”
I smile softly, “sounds beautiful, you sacrificed everything for love, but this may make you feel better, I destroyed the star king.”
He smiles amused, “so you are the prophesied star, I had heard rumours of you.”
“Well, here I am,” I smile awkwardly, “do you know who it is that’s doing all of this?”
“No, I have not yet seen his face, none of us have. He hides behind the Lord Justice and always wears a black robe. You came and saved us that day, which would have been the end of our lives as we know it.”
“I couldn’t stand by and watch a sweet innocent child be murdered, why would a star want this?”
He sighs, “Have you not worked it out yet?”
I look at him and nod; does he know something I don’t?
“He wants control, to be the most powerful realm beyond all the others, he wants to be a king, he wants control and we are the easiest target, mortals with no power to go against him.”
“But you have soldiers, weaponry, you may not have magic and power but you have things that can fight back.”
“You just don’t get it do you,” he sighs leaning forward, “he has given immortality to the government, now….there’s nothing stopping them.”
Oh great! Just what we needed!










CHAPTER 13

I walk outside and ponder the information I have just been told. I gathered all of that the last time I was here, listening to Lord Justice speak of a new leader, but never thought this star wanted to be a king.
Why hasn’t he shown his face yet, why won’t he reveal who he is, is he waiting for something?
I head down into the room where hundreds of people are gathered, I cannot believe this is what they have done to those who go against them.
The man comes back over to me, hobbling along with a make-shift crutch, “are you going to return to the kingdom?”
“I think I must, I must inform my husband of what it is the star is after and the destruction of lives, it’s not just us who are at risk, it’s your lives to?”
“You guys are at risk?” He asks shocked.
“Yes, two people have been murdered already and no-one is doing a thing about it, I fear if we do nothing, this star will try and wipe us out and I have had enough of wars and fighting, it’s time to end it once and for all.”
I hear the sounds of heavy trucks in the distance, I go to look out of the hole in the wall and see what appear to be large tanks heading this way.
“You must leave,” I order panicking for their safety, “they must have known I entered and the spell blocking them has clearly worn off, you must hide.”
“My dear,” he prompts, sadness and worry on his face, “we have nowhere left to run.”
I have to think of something to help these people, the star obviously knows I have entered otherwise why would they be coming this way, it could be for other reason but I don’t have time to consider it.
“Ok, go stand inside, I will create an illusion, the building will appear empty to them even if they go inside,” he tries to argue with me but I stop him, “please just go, please.”
His eyes weep as he runs inside and hides behind some makeshift dens.
“Let the object I see be nothing more than fantasy, hide from sight away you must be, for no other eyes can see what I see, only for now so let it be” I wave my hand and a bright purple light appears across the door, just in time as the tank pulls up beside me.
“You again,” the guard mutters at me, “You seem to becoming a problem Miss Stone.”
“That depends on how you look at it, from what I see, you are the problem.”
“Tell me why it is you have come here, this is not your world anymore,” he leans down, peering creepily into my eyes.
“It may not be my world anymore but you cannot be allowed to treat people this way.”
He goes to say something to me but is stopped by the sounds of a vehicle heading towards us. There poking out of the top is Lord Justice, smiling smugly from ear to ear. 
“It’s a human thing, she cannot help herself. She feels the need to save the weak, which in turn, makes her weak,” he states still smiling whilst jumping off the large tank and standing in-front of me, “why are you here? What are you hiding?”
“I’m here because I saw what a dick you were being, being as that is nothing unusual. You know, you must act like a dick probably because you don’t have one, and I am not hiding anything,” I return the smug smile.
“Step aside,” he orders looking into the destroyed building behind me.
He looks but sees nothing. He sends his men in and they look but they see nothing.
“You cannot hide them forever Miss Stone,” he mumbles bringing himself back round to face me, “one day those who refuse our way will pay the price.”
“Oh really,” my eyebrow rises, “you have to find them first. The star that is here may have given you immortality, but you do not have the magic or the power to find them.”
He grabs me by the arm, “you will reveal them to me or….”
“Or what?” I finish.
“Or I will destroy you.”
I pull my arm back from his grasp and laugh, “you could try, wait, haven’t you already tried that,” I smile, “and failed?”
I see the anger building in his face, without waiting, I launch my light from his hand and send him flying across into the building opposite.
I do the same with several of the guards who seem to be less defensive; those ones would be the immortals, thinking they could not be harmed.
“Anyone else want to try?” I ask standing in an attack pose, “no, you sure?”
They seem to begin backing off one by one, too afraid to challenge me with their guns or weapons. I need them to back away from this area, although they cannot see them, they can still put these people in danger.
I move away from the building slowly, I need to move them away; I need to keep these people safe.
“Lorelai Stone!” Lord Justice shouts after me, “You come back and face me.”
“Face what? A no good coward like yourself hiding behind the power of another because you are far too less of a man to do things on your own?”
He tries to shoot me but luckily I manage to freeze it before it hits me, phew that was close. He looks shocked seeing the extent of my power.
“I will come back for you and I will destroy you, you will nothing but dead ash in my hands,” I warn him and then I run, disappearing quicker than a flash of light.
I run out of side and hide, there is no point making myself invisible, with their immortal eyes they will be able to see me. 
I pick up a piece of glass, I need to see their moves, what they are doing, “with this glass I need the right, to see what goes beyond normal sight,” the glass shimmers and there I can see through the glass the guards and Lord Justice.
They seem to be heading away from the building, I think they are heading back to the star; I need to find out who he is so I can stop them.
I go back to the seemingly empty building, “hey it’s safe, you can come out.”
One by one, heads pop up from their hiding places and the little girl runs over to hug me, “you really are an angel,” she says softly looking up at me.
The man comes out and looks at me, “well done, I never expected you to help us to that extent, thank you.”
“You’re welcome, of course I would help you, I would not let them harm you, my name is Lorelai by the way,” I extend my hand to shake his.
“My name is Steve, please come sit,” I follow him to a grubby sofa they are using to rest on.
“I have so many questions, but right now I think I should only ask important ones,” I tell him, getting as comfortable as I can.
“By all means ask away,” he smiles.
“You said you do not know who the star is; do you know where he is hiding?”
He nods, “no, they do well at keeping their distance from us.”
“How can I not see who it is? Why would someone who lives in such a peaceful world do this, I thought we were meant to look over you, not harm you.”
“Lorelai,” he leans forward, “not all stars are as nice as you think, and there are bad ones, just like down here with mortals. I think you have been sheltered.”
“Well I didn’t know I was a star until a few years ago, I was in school.”
“That makes sense,” he shifts in his chair, “stars can be just as vile as humans, just as vile as anyone. Greed can sometimes consume them.”
“I thought we stamped that out when we destroyed the star king, this is such a mess.”
“I will do all I can to help you, I maybe a mortal now but I still have my brain,” he smirks.
“If I made you immortal again….”
“No!” he cuts me off abruptly, “I’m sorry to snap at you, I made a decision a long time ago to give up my immortality and I have never regretted my decision. My wife died and one day I will be reunited with her, becoming immortal I will never be able to join her.”
“You would be a star, you could choose to remain just a star,” I advise him.
“A star that forever burns in the heavens, never being with her ever again when she is where she is,” his face is so sad, “I love my wife dearly and although she has departed, I will see her again someday.”
His words bring tears to my eyes; it’s so moving to see someone so devoted to their loved one. That’s what Ethan and I have, I see it in Ethan’s eyes and our love managed to save him.
I know what he is doing he thinks he is doing for the best, I wish he could just see it my way, see that the best way is to stop what is happening here. I just want all the realms to be at peace.
I understand I cannot control the government, I never intended to do that, but these people cannot live the rest of their lives in fear and if anyone should know that it should be the stars, they were almost subjected to the same fate.
“You have been a great help to me, I will do my best to make your lives better, to make all this go away,” I smile at him.
“You shouldn’t make promises you cannot keep,” he looks defeated already.
I know I shouldn’t promise it but what else I can I do? I need to give these people some sort of hope, something to look back on, and something to fight for.
I head out of the building, making my exit I am stopped by the little girl. I kneel down to her, “you are a very brave little girl.”
“Will you come back,” she asks in her sweet little voice.
“Of course I will, I will come back to protect you,” I look around, “all of you.”
She gives me a gentle kiss on the cheek and with that I leave. I walk back through the grim streets of nothing but rubble heading back to the vortex into my realm.
I fear for these people as I leave. Although immortal, my spell should protect them from the guard’s sight for now. If the star that seems to be hiding here is clever enough, he can remove my spell. I hope he doesn’t figure it out.
I head back through the vortex and go home.



























CHAPTER 14

I am catapulted onto the floor of the study, almost hitting my head on the desk in front of me. I look around and the room is empty, normally someone is here, usually Ethan but everyone has gone.
I look outside of the window, the sky is blaring white light and it seems a beautiful day. The gardeners are out and everything seems normal.
I need to find Ethan.
I walk through the castle and head to where the throne is situated to find Ethan alone, looking very deep in thought. His head leaning into his hand as he slouches to the side.
“Lorelai,” he gasps upon seeing me and rushes to my side.
He holds me close, “I was so worried, the vortex closed behind you and I couldn’t see, I couldn’t see you at all.”
“You couldn’t,” I pause, holding my hand up, “hold that thought,” and with a whiff of whatever I can smell I throw up all over his feet. I look up in shame, “oh my god I am so sorry!”
My god I’m embarrassed, why did I have to throw up right now. I’ve been doing so well with this blimming pregnancy and right now I feel green.
“Someone get in here!” Ethan shouts, frozen on the spot.
A guard and a maid come rushing in, “how can we be of assistance,” they offer kindly.
“The queen has just thrown up, as you can see,” he points to his shoes covered in vomit, “please can someone clean this and see if the queen needs anything.”
“I don’t I’m fine,” I dismiss waving my hands. I hate being fussed over.
The maid waves her hand and with simple magic, the mess is cleaned up, including Ethan’s shoes. She gives me a cheeky smile, blushes and leaves. I guess my pregnancy news is not as hidden as I would like it to be.
“You were saying,” Ethan looks at me.
“Oh, yes, you said you couldn’t see, how could you not see. We can always see into other realms, that’s how I know what has been happening, I watch,” I hold my nose to not smell whatever it is that is making me want to hurl.
“Yes,” he steps back to avoid being puked on, “It closed up, like someone was hiding you, someone didn’t want us seeing what was there.”
“Who is doing this?”
“I don’t know,” he sighs, “but we have to find out, it’s becoming dangerous.”
“The star wants control, I spoke to a man down there called Steve he said he used to be a star and he said,”
“Steve?” Ethan repeats cutting me off, “did he have black hair, and kind of stocky built?”
“Umm no, he’s looking old, his hair was grey and he had a limp.”
“Of course,” Ethan looks amused, “he has aged, I completely forgot he was on earth.”
“Wait, you know him?” I ask curious why he has never mentioned it before, especially when he knew of my mother and her secret.
“Did he give up his immortality for his wife who then died? Gave his power to my father to be a mortal?” 
Wow ok, I guess it happens more than I ever thought, I mean how many people have done that, “Yes,” I answer, “He helped me.”
“Helped you how?” Now Ethan is curious.
“He told me of the star that is leading the marshals and the guards. At first it made no sense, why wouldn’t they fight back. If there’s one thing the government loved it was control, someone on their territory, I thought ‘no way’ but he has given them immortality in a bid to be the new leader.”
“Only an Elder Star or a King can bestow immortality on a mortal.”
A light bulb goes on inside my head, “Oh my god, Ethan it’s an Elder Star.”
“You don’t know that,” he tries to stop me but I know.
“Think about it, two murders where no-one saw anything. My magic of sight blocked every time I go to view what happened to them. The Elder Stars not wanting to get involved, it has to be them. You said it yourself that it would be an Elder Star or a King. You are the only king so it certainly wasn’t you.”
“That’s true, but Lorelai,” he looks lost, “going up and accusing an Elder Star, if this is true, that’s punishable by death and we will lose faith in them.”
“They have to be stopped,” I pull him aside as I hear footsteps entering the throne room, “look, it makes sense” my tone lowers to a whisper, “You know it does, we have to confront them whether you like it or not.”
“Confront who?” we hear echo through the walls.
I look around but I see no-one, Ethan steps out in-front of me and look around, but he too sees nothing.
I know we are being watched, whoever is doing this is clearly spying on us, seeing what it is we know.
I grab Ethan’s hand and without thinking I transport us straight to Benthos.
We land next to the green land and high mountains. Ethan looks around in awe of its beauty, “where are we?”
“Benthos, have you never been here when it was like this, we buried my father here remember?”
“Once before that, but it didn’t look like this,” he turns taking in the surroundings.
“Yes, it is beautiful now, come, we won’t be disturbed here and we can talk freely,” I lead him down to the village where they are gathered and celebrating something.
My aunty comes rushing out with my baby in her arms, “Lorelai,” she smiles, “I found her sat on the bed, I assumed you sent her here.”
I nod, “Yeah, anger, hormones and a range of things going through my mind.”
“I see, I see you brought King Ethan with you, nice for you to visit,” she bows to him.
“It’s nice to be here, to see this place, I don’t think I ever saw it looking so beautiful.”
“Yes,” she looks around, “it has been restored to its former glory, now, how can I help the both of you?”
I shake my head and smile, “no help needed, we just needed some privacy.”
Ethan takes our baby and we head into a small unused hut. He looks around at the people and there dress, I see him smiling, mocking them in his mind.
“Ethan leave them, that’s what they choose to wear ok.”
He turns and looks, his mouth curled up in amusement, “how did you know what I was thinking?”
“Because I am your wife and I can see it all over your face, now come sit down.”
He sits next to me but for the moment he is ignoring me, he is playing with Lilly-Rose, who is loving her father’s attention. I do feel bad in a way, I tend to take her with me and he has not really spent much time with her.
And now our family will have to be put aside once again as another battle is upon us.
“Why did you whisk us away?” He asks playing with Lilly-Rose.
“Do you honestly need to ask that? We were being watched, it is definitely an Elder Star Ethan.”
He sighs, “I know, I didn’t want to accept it but, it all makes sense the more I think about it.”
“The thing is, we don’t know which of the Elder Stars it is and he is currently hiding out in the earth realm.”
“Lorelai, this battle will take place there, to restore order we must strip those men and women of their immortality.”
I think of all those innocent people who maybe caught in the cross-fire. So many innocent lives could be at risk. I don’t want to hurt them, I want to make their lives better.
Not live under dictators who allow no freedom, no life and segregation because of how much money you have. That’s not a way to live.
My old home is just one small part of the world realm. There are people like that all over the world. I am hoping be defeating one, we can defeat the others, giving people back their freedom.
“We will find out who it is Lorelai, a lie is always revealed, secrets always come out,” Ethan states calmly.
“May be so, but how is it we have never see him before, how has he managed to evade us all this time.”
“I don’t know, he must be using powerful magic from that book.”
I frown in confusion, “but that book has always been locked away in plain eye-sight, if anyone took it wouldn’t the librarian see?”
Ethan looks at me like a lightbulb has just come on in his brain, “yes you are right, that will be the first person we ask.”
“We cannot discuss our plans or what we know with the Elder Stars, if it is one of them, we will give it away.”
“I know” he sighs, “I grew up with them watching over me, why would one of them do this.”
“Power.” I mumble.
That’s all the person wants is power, power and control, just like the evil star king. No-on has stopped him because no-one knows who it is, and who would suspect an Elder Star would they?
I sit with Ethan and Lilly-Rose and forget about the bad for a moment, feeling relaxed and at ease, I slowly drift into a deep sleep.

“Ophelia, is that you? What are you doing?”
“Shhh I am watching, look.”
There she is lying on the floor, headless and murdered. She is watching herself, creepy!
Where are we?
It’s dark, we’re drifting, drifting further and further until I see someone, mum?
“I am here sweetheart, look….”
I look around, it’s beautiful. A garden full of roses and booming flowers. Sunlight that projects a rainbow down onto the ground, like a Garden of Eden.
Ophelia pops up next to me, her corpse headless. I jump out of my skin, ‘Jesus!’
“You know the answer already Lorelai,” my mother whispers.
“The answers to what?”
“To what you seek, says Ophelia, its right in-front of you. You’ve seen him. Think Lorelai think.”
I see a man, he is coming towards me, he looks strong, muscly, who is he.
‘You will not stop me,’ he roars, ‘I will have power.’ I see his face; he goes to grab my neck.
“Lorelai wake up,” my mother shouts.

I jump up from the bed out of my dream gasping for air. I saw it. I saw him.
Jackson!























CHAPTER 15

“Lorelai what is it?” Ethan asks worried as I seem to have leapt from my deep sleep.
“I know who the killer is,” I whisper, barely able to speak, “its Jackson.”
Ethan frowns, “as in the head of the Elder Stars Jackson?”
“Yes,” I move to face him kicking the blanket off, “don’t you see, I get it now. He has watched great power be bestowed upon others. Hidden away in the shadows whilst his home was destroyed and plunged into evil and darkness. Don’t you get it, its greed, power and control. He doesn’t want to be in the shadows anymore, he wants what you have.”
“And what is that?” Ethan looks his eyes curiously wide.
“To be a king.”
Ethan is clearly stumped by my words. Of course it is not the first thing that crosses your mind, being betrayed by an Elder Star.
“We must go back and confront him, we have to save those people Ethan, it’s the right thing to do,” I urge, “one of our people is the reason behind their destruction, we wouldn’t allow it to happen to other realms when your father was doing it, we cannot let it happen to theirs either.”
He nods, “I agree, if this was there government we would have no right to step in, but it’s one of our people, we must put a stop to this.”
I lie back down and take a breath, my mind swirling with images from my fucked up dream. Ophelia walking around with no head, that shit was extremely creepy.
Ethan lies beside me, wrapping his arms around me as tightly as he can as Lilly-Rose lies sound asleep.
He breathes heavily that I can feel his warm breath on the back of my neck, “you know you shouldn’t be getting stressed out, it’s not good for you or the baby.”
“I know,” I smile pushing myself backwards into him, “I feel ok, besides I wouldn’t put my baby in danger, you know that.”
“I know,” he twirls my hair around his finger, “I just want you to be safe, tomorrow we will head back and another battle will begin.”
“It will be the beginning of the end,” I mumble sleepily.
With his arms wrapped around me and his warm breath on the back of my neck, I relax and drift off to sleep.

The next morning I awake to the sounds of cheering and laughter. I move around and feel next to me to discover Ethan’s side is empty. Lilly-Rose is not in her bed either.
I get up, stumbling to my feet as I am not yet fully awake, get dressed and head outside to see the villagers and Ethan gathered around a table laughing and cheering.
“Hey,” a man shouts happily, “come join us my lady.”
I casually walk over to see they are having some sort of party, “what’s going on here?”
“We are celebrating, it’s Serena’s birthday,”
“Oh, I’m so sorry I didn’t know,” I excuse myself feeling embarrassed.
“That’s ok dear,” my aunty jumps at me excitedly, “of course you were not to know, but please come and join in the fun.”
I join, I let go and have fun for the first time since the battle with the star king. 
Life should always be like this, free and fun. Yes as adults we have responsibilities but why can’t life be carefree. I think I’m living in a dream world.
As the festivities continue, I signal to Ethan that we have to leave, we have a battle on our hands, a star to confront and lives to save.
Ethan and I politely say our goodbyes. As we walk away from the village into the distance, I worry what may lie ahead of us.
Ethan looks back and smiles, “those people are so amazing, you should be proud to be part of them.”
“I am,” I smile back, “although I feel alone, you know with my mum and Ophelia gone. They were my family, my only family but slowly I’m coming around to the idea that I have more family here.”
“You will never be alone, you have me,” Ethan wraps his arms around me and Lilly-Rose holding us close.
“I know,” I sigh, “it’s not the same as having your mother you know, and the way she was taken from me, well, just horrible.”
He nods, “I know, but that’s what we are heading back to sort out, me and you together.”
“Together,” I mumble.
As I transport us back to the Star Kingdom, we land back in the study where me are met by Elder Stars and two guards.
“My king you have returned, we have news we must share with you,” one says very formally looking concerned.
“Ok” Ethan mumbles, “What is this news you are so eager to share.”
“We believe that we are being betrayed.”
Without saying a word of what he knows, Ethan just looks at them pretending to be clueless, “oh, care to elaborate?”
He shuffles nervously on his feet, “umm, we have noticed strange activity with one of the Elder Stars, normally we would address this situation ourselves but it appears things are far worse than we imagined. He seems to have gone to earth realm in hopes of control and power.”
I freeze the guards and the remaining stars, I look at the one Elder Star who seems uneasy, “and who are you to now come to us and tell us this, why not sooner, you knew didn’t you.”
He shakes his head, “I had my suspicions but it was not so easy. You see, the person behind this is Jackson who is also my brother. I noticed strange things when he returned, him missing for days and the cloak that covered the murders, something he had the power to do.”
“Wait,” I stop him annoyed, “you knew or suspected and you did nothing? Allowing my mother to die?”
“I didn’t want to jump to conclusions, I wanted to be sure. Accusing an Elder Star of such crimes is unthinkable.”
“Well not unthinkable in my books, who are you?” I ask.
“This is Dalton, the brother of Jackson and deputy to the lead Elder Star,” Ethan answers for him, “why didn’t you come to me and confide in me, there have been two deaths we could have avoided.”
“And there are bound to be a lot more if people in earth realm do not join him,” I snap.
Dalton moves backwards and sits on the sofa, he takes a deep breath, “we have to go against my brother, a challenge that for me will not come easy.”
I see the pain in his face, and although angry with him I cannot deny the fact that this is causing him pain. His own brother gone against his own kind, someone he has grown with for centuries.
I think back to when Ophelia stole Lilly-Rose from me and gave her to the star king that, and was the most painful thing I had endured to that point.
I felt utterly betrayed and heartbroken that someone I trusted and kept close to me could do that.
Now, looking at him I realise he is going through the same thing, I sort of feel sorry for him I guess.
However, he is the brother; this could all be a trap. I freeze him and turn to Ethan, “Ethan, should we trust him?”
“Why would you doubt him, he seems genuine, I mean look at his face?” Ethan points at him.
I look at Dalton, his face frozen in an awkward moment, “Umm, I am looking at him, what do you expect to tell by that? Wait, I have an idea.”
I rush out of the study without saying a word and head down to our bedroom.
I find the pot I once hid under my bed with the truth potion I used on the soldiers. It took ages to make and I had some left over, I wasn’t going to throw it away.
I head back to the study and look at Ethan, “open his mouth; I’m going to pour this down his throat.”
“Are you mad? He could choke!”
“He won’t choke,” I tut, “I’ll unfreeze him in time for him to swallow it.”
Ethan tilts his frozen head backwards; I pour the liquid down his throat and quickly unfreeze him allowing him to swallow.
He does cough slightly as he was not expecting to be swallowing anything, he looks up at me, “what did you do?”
“I gave you a truth potion, now you cannot tell a lie.”
He looks alarmed, “why? Do you believe I am not being truthful?”
I shrug, “I guess we’ll find out. Are you working with your brother?”
He shakes his head and frowns in disgust, “no of course not.”
“Did you know of his plans or the fact he had murdered two people?” I probe.
“I had my suspicions but I wasn’t sure and I didn’t want to go telling anyone in-case I was wrong.”
“Why have you told us now?” Ethan asks.
“Because, what he is doing is wrong, it goes against everything that we are and I cannot allow the deaths of mortals as well as immortals.”
I look into his eyes; the truth potion has worked its magic. His eyes show great pain and sadness, now I am going to have to ask him to betray his own family.
His brother does not yet know that we know what he knows, I guess that’s confusing, but we know what he is up to, Jackson is not aware of our knowledge.
I get close to Dalton and wrap my arms around him, “I’m so sorry, but you will need to watch him whilst we prepare a plan, if you can get him back here and I assume he trusts you?”
He nods, “Yes, very much. But how am I meant to keep him here when he thinks I know nothing?”
I shrug, “I don’t know, you know him better than I do, surely you can find a way.”
“I urge you not to let on that you know,” Ethan interrupts, “the only people who know of this for sure is you, I and Lorelai. When she unfreezes the remaining Elders and the guards, you are to act as if nothing is out of the ordinary, do you understand?”
“I am going to go back to the earth realm, I need to make sure they are ok, I need to do something,” I express looking around the study frantically trying to see them.
“No,” Ethan stops me, “you must stay here and we must formulate a plan. Once he finds out we know, all hell will break lose.”
He is right; this is not going to be pretty. Two brothers are going against each-other, the stars at war again with a star and mortals; could things be any worse right now?
I unfreeze the remaining Elder Stars and the two guards who look at me puzzled, “all is sorted here, we need no further information, you may go,” I act as cool as possible.
Dalton keeps a straight and professional face, his cool manner does not let them suspect them anything.
They leave the study and Ethan and I get down to planning, it’s time to go to war….again.


















CHAPTER 16

I’m so tired, I don’t think I ever felt this exhausted when I was pregnant for Lilly-Rose. This baby is draining me.
My head is spinning with so many thoughts and emotions. Dalton and Jackson, wondering if my daughter is ok, how are the other realms since the star king, is Ethan ok, will we win?
Ethan is off somewhere, I’m all alone. I feel so alone lately, I wish my mum was here.
Ling on the bed I close my eyes and slowly, I drift off to sleep.

‘Mum, is that you?’
‘Yes, I am here, I will always be here….’
I look around, ‘where is here, it’s so beautiful’
‘Here is where the angels dwell.’
Angel’s? I look around to see beautiful men and women gathered in groups, their wings sprout from their back’s a white light glows above them.
‘Mum, are you here?’
‘I’m still here sweetheart, look….’
I look and see two people coming towards me, who are they, ‘There’s my Lozza,’ the voice whispers.
‘Dad? Daddy is that you’
The figure comes closer and into view, it’s my dad and Lewis, holding hands together.
‘We are all here,’ he smiles, ‘you shouldn’t be here.
‘I don’t know how I got here, I think I’m dreaming.’
He hugs me, I have longed to feel my dad’s arms wrapped around me once again.
‘I am always watching over you’ he whispers,
But now we drift into the mist, ‘where are we now’
‘We are in-between, we are waiting, you do not belong here,’
‘He is right, you do not belong here.’
‘Who are you?’ I ask into the air at the voice speaking over us.
‘I am he who watches here, you are strong Lorelai, I have every faith in you to do what is right. Your son will be a great King one day and your daughter will govern the realms, be strong, and trust your instinct.’
‘Trust your instinct’ my dad whispers.
My mum looks at me and smiles, ‘he is amazing, he sees all, we will be waiting here until the time to move on, wake up my darling, wake up…..’

I wake up calmly with tears running down my face. My dad is pain free and happy. Reunited with the family, they are all together and safe. But then we went to that place, that place I have seen before that is full of mist and echoed voices.
Was it just a dream or was it a vision. I am not sure. But I feel warm inside, like I am being cared for by those I cannot see.
How come I didn’t see Ophelia in my vision? Is she not where they are? God I’m thirsty.
I get out of bed and tip toe down to the kitchen. It’s dark and the castle is quiet. Stars are shining brightly onto the castle grounds, it’s peaceful.
“Are you ok?” I voice asks behind me.
“Yes, I’m just getting a drink, I woke up feeling thirsty.”
Ethan turns me to face him, “I love you,” he breaths as he leans in to kiss me.
I kiss his soft lips, his eyes sparkling into my own allowing me to get lost in him.
“What’s wrong?” I look at his worrying face.
“I’m scared. The Elder Stars have great power and have done so since the beginning of us. That’s why they are Elder Stars; they helped form our creation, going up against them has never been done before.”
I stare at him confused by his words, “wait, I thought the star king created you and the star king had ultimate power.”
“This is true, I do have ultimate power but they were put there by the original star king and given more power to govern us. Kind of like your government. They are there to stop the rule breakers.”
“Then why did they do nothing when your father was king, why did they let you flee.”
“My father was working with extreme dark magic, a magic they could not beat,” he looks at me and curls up his lip, “that’s why the prophesised you, the only star who could defeat the evil king. The ultimate star with all the power they did not possess.”
“Then why are you worried, I can kick his ass,” I smile with my ego beginning to emerge.
“As powerful as you are, it does not stop me from being afraid of what he has planned or what he can do to you Lorelai,” he sighs placing his forehead on mine, “I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“I’m going to be ok,” I smile thinking of my dream, “You do not need to worry so much. I am stronger than you think,” I kiss him softly.
I leave him in the kitchen alone with his thoughts before he starts telling me I should stay out of the way.
Is this really my fight? Should I get involved? Wait a minute, of course I should. I lived with those people my whole early life, I witnessed the dictatorship and hard-times bestowed upon people. 
I cannot let one of our own make their lives even more miserable. Ever since I was little I always thought that people shouldn’t be separated on class, money or abilities. 
Everyone should be equal and have an equal chance in life, isn’t that the fairer way to do things? Who are they to say that someone from the poor side is not good enough to integrate into a thriving society?
It’s still dark, I head into the garden to smell the night air, whisking passed me in the breeze. 
I feel dizzy and lightheaded, suddenly the world around me fazes out and I drop to the floor.

‘Where am I, what the hell is this’
‘Lorelai, do not be afraid’
That face, he looks so familiar, ‘who are you? Why do I know you?’ I whisper.
‘Because Lorelai, I am your father, I am here to help you,’
‘Help me? Where I am I.
‘A place where the souls of the dead can see the living, a place in-between.’
‘In-between what?’
‘Life and death’
Oh no, this is where I drifted, I have seen this place many times but I never knew what it was.
‘What the fuck, how did I get here?’
‘Your son brought you here, he has the power to go in-between worlds,’ he rubs my belly, ‘so much power’ he smiles, ‘I am here to help you, stop thinking of others, what happened to us is not your fault, trust your instinct and you will win.’
‘How do you know that?’
‘You are the most powerful star of them all’ he smiles, ‘your only weakness is your humanity, to win you must forget that.’
‘Speaking like a soldier not my father,’ I mumble.
He holds my face in his cheeks, ‘I longed for the day when we would be reunited and I am forever heartbroken I never got to do that, I never got to see grow into a beautiful strong woman. You look just like your mother, I love you, remember that….’
He starts to fade into the distance, ‘wait, Dad, wait,’ but my voice just echoes.
‘Remember, lose your humanity, trust your instinct,’ the voice fades further away’

“Lorelai wake up!” I hear being shouted at me, I open my eyes to see Ethan and Doctor Pandora leaning over me.
“Are you alright?” She asks concerning, lifting my head from the ground.
I nod, “Yeah, I’m fine, what are you doing?”
Ethan looks at me, “You fainted, I knew this was going to push you too far,” he snaps, “you are pregnant.”
“He is right,” Pandora interrupts, “you must think of you and your baby.”
“I’m fucking fine,” I snarl, “the reason I passed out was due to a vision, or premonition or something I don’t know but I’m fine. You both need to stop fussing over me and treating me like I’m a breakable china doll, I’m a lot stronger than you think,” I huff annoyed.
Do I tell them what I saw? They’re both looking at me with their piercing judgemental eyes. It’s driving me mad.
“Stop looking at me like that,” I grumble at them.
“Like what?”
“Like I’m insane and fragile, I cannot control what happens can I.”
“Lorelai,” Pandora starts, her eyes looking deep into mine, “We just want you to be safe and your baby to be well.”
I rub my growing bump, “he’s better than you know,” I smile and with those words, I feel the first kick.
I shouldn’t tell them what I saw. That’s all the ghosts from my past telling me to trust my instinct, I don’t know what that is yet but I am sure when the time is right I will figure it out.
I get up, smile at them and had into the castle. I want to get my head in a book; I need to learn more about the Elder Stars, or to be specific, more about Jackson.
As I reach the study the door is a jar, Ethan never leaves the door open, he always closes it. It’s his private place.
“Hello?” I ask cautiously pushing the door open.
The earth realms portal is going berserk, swirling so fast that speeds of wind fill the room. What the hell is that?
I try to keep my balance but the wind is strong, I feel something grab my arm, ‘you’re mine’ it snarls and I am pulled into a vortex.

It’s hot, very hot. I’m sweating, where the fuck am I? I hear the screams of what appears to be people in pain and the sounds of chains rattling.
I look around, I am in a pit of fire with doomed souls floating around me, my brain clicks, and I am in hell. But how did I get here?
“You bitch,” I hear rumble in the distance, “Now I will keep you here and you will be my prisoner, you belong to me.”
“Rasantios?”
“Who else?” He comes out of the fire and there he stands in his true evil form, horned, tall, fiery red with pitch black eyes. A tail so long it could easily whip you, a razor sharp tip that can stab right through you.
“How the hell did you even get me here?” I stand, showing I am not afraid of him.
“I am the most powerful evil in all the realms, you may have sent me back here but all I need was a portal to reach you and the opportune moment to grab you.”
“Wait a minute, you used the earth realm didn’t you, and its weakness allows you to use it, to gain access, why only take me?”
His horse like feet clomps towards me, “because I was promised you and you are all I need, I have waited for you and now I am going to keep you.”
“Oh yeah, well you can’t fucking have me can you.”
He laughs, “I already do, you are here and I will not let you escape me once more.
“I beat you the first time,” I smile, my ego showing again, “I kicked your ass dude, and I am sure I can do it again.”
He leans into grab me but I’m not letting him have his way with me. The earth realm is now weakened by the evil that is being committed from our star, if I don’t stop it; god knows what Rasantios can do.
I shoot my light at him, it doesn’t send him flying like the others but just slightly wounds him, wow; maybe he is more powerful than me here.
I run trying to transport but it isn’t working. It’s like some sort of enchantment stops you from leaving at will. I guess it makes sense; otherwise souls would escape whenever they wanted to.
‘Think Lorelai think’, I rub my bump and decide to tap into the baby’s power; collectively I gain enough to lift me out of hell, hearing Rasantios scream as I leave.
I have once again beaten him, I have once again defied him and I will do so until he remains permanently in his place.
I realise I am on earth right by the entrance to the star kingdom. Our worlds are merging.
This is a disaster.





























CHAPTER 17

Bang! I jump at the large crashing sounds that seem to be coming from the distance, I look into the swirling vortex leading to home, is it coming from there?
I look around outside to see what is causing the banging sounds but there is nothing that looks extremely obvious.
I need to get back and I need to get back quickly. I go through the portal that shouldn’t be so visible, but as both worlds merge, the danger of them seeing us becomes more apparent. 
“What is that?” Ethan asks running up towards me as I renter the castle grounds.
“I have no idea, but it is really loud isn’t it, what the hell is going on?”
We both stand outside to see the kingdom descend into darkness. The skies above are a grey dark colour with what appears to be lightening striking through them.
I have never seen this in the kingdom before. Maybe when the star king reigned it was dark and twisted but since we have been here it has always been beautiful.
Could Rasantios have found a way in here to capture me? I’m covered in ash and soot from that awful place, Ethan is looking at me funny wondering where the hell I have been. Is Rasantios here?
“Somethings not right, it seems like the Elder Stars are angry.”
I look at Ethan confused, “angry? What do you mean, how would you even know that?” I’m thinking complete opposite.
“The Elder Stars have control of our skies, when something bad is lurking or a dispute, it turns horrible like this,” he points up, “you see how dark the kingdom has become? We need to find Jackson.”
He grabs my hand and rushes me down the garden where worried stars are gathering in our courtyard. Lawson comes up to us and protectively stands in-front as so no-one can hurt us.
“It’s my brother, he knows that you know and he knows I am helping you,” Dalton panics, “what are we going to do?”
“You’re the king, do something,” I bark at Ethan, “demand he comes to you.”
“He is an Elder Star….”
“Oh for god’s sake Ethan,” I snap, I wave my hand and shine my light, forcing him against his will to come to us.
Before I know it Jackson is there in-front of us. His face scrunched up like an angry dog and his chest pumping where he is breathing so hard.
So it isn’t Rasantios after-all, it is Jackson causing this. But why?
“How dare you summon me,” he snarls.
“How dare I? How dare you, what the fuck do you think you are playing at?” I snap back standing my ground.
“Brother please, what you are doing is wrong, please stop this,” Dalton begs him.
But nothing works, even his own brother cannot make him see sense.
Jackson launches an attack at me, I am a powerful star but that completely caught be by surprise. As I am flung across the courtyard I find myself dazed from hitting my head.
‘Oh no, my baby’ my mind panics, I’m not even worrying about myself.
My vision is blurry where I have hit my head and all I can hear is crashing and banging.
Stumbling to my feet, I try to walk back to Ethan but all I can see are flashes of light in-front of me. I cannot see Ethan.
“You cannot do this, stop this madness,” someone shouts but my vision is too blurry to see. 
‘Please let my baby be ok’ my mind races.
I feel someone grab me and another knock on the back of the head, everything goes dark and I am gone.

‘Ow my head hurts,’ I think to myself. I raise my hand to place it on the pain but something stops me. Looking down I see my hands are bound in chains nailed solidly into the floor.
Lifting myself up, I look around to see I am not in the Star Kingdom, as my eyes adjust to what is around me and I suddenly notice a woman leaning over me.
I jump back “who the hell are you?”
“My name is Marlene, I am just checking on you, I have been told you’re pregnant and to make sure you are ok,” she tells me seemingly nervous.
“Who would ask you to do that?” my voice slightly croaky.
“The man who is to be our new leader, he brought you here.”
“You want him as your leader?”
“No,” she nods, “I had no choice, I didn’t want my family slaughtered, I do as he says to keep them safe.”
“There are other ways to do that,” I try and tell her but she is having none of it.
“It’s not that easy,” she mumbles, “we were on the poor side before, when we agreed to join him he gave us things we never dreamed of before. He has so much power, please do as he says, I wouldn’t want to see someone else get hurt. I keep my family safe, away, he has my mother and father and when I am around he gives me things, things I need to pass to others, just do as he says.”
“He can kiss my ass,” I snap, “but before that, is my baby ok?”
“Yes,” she smiles, “he’s a strong one.”
I need to break free from these chains but I still feel a bit woozy. I have been kidnapped again! Why is it always me!
I blast my light and the chains break off, no sweat. Idiot thinks he can contain me with stupid metal chains.
“Oh my god,” Marlene gasps, “you’re just like him,” she scurries backwards across the floor as fear grips her.
“No, no,” I get up feeling hazy cupping my head, “I’m nothing like him, yes I am a magical person but I am nothing like him, I’m hoping to stop him.”
“How can I trust you? You have power like he does, power from another world, how can I know you won’t hurt me?”
I kneel down and almost fall on top of her, “I’m so sorry, I still feel dizzy, and I won’t hurt you. Yes I am from another world but I lived her first for many years as a human. I know what you went through before. I want to help and I have the power to end him.”
She studies me for a few seconds; I can see she is checking me out in her own mind as to whether or not she can trust me. After what she has been through I am not surprised she has doubts.
“Please trust me, I will not hurt you. If I was going to I would have already wouldn’t I?”
She looks at me, still weary, “Ok, I don’t fully trust you but I will help you.”
“Ok,” I sigh, “firstly I need to find Jackson; do you know where he is?”
She nods her head. If she doesn’t know then how am I meant to find him?
“Jackson, is that his name? He doesn’t let us know of his hiding place. He hides with the marshals and Lord Justice and says he will only reveal himself when he has full control.”
Figures!

I really need Ethan right now. Where is he? Why has he not come to my rescue? I walk out of the building to be confronted by soldiers.
I take a sharp look at Marlene whose eyes are red and her head is lowered in shame, “what the fuck is this?”
“I’m so sorry,” she sobs, “please forgive me.”
“You’ve just fucking led me out into a trap, how could you?”
She says nothing; she sobs and walks away leaving me to face the marshals.
“Ahh Miss Stone” he gloats, “thinking you can escape us? I have someone who wants to talk to you.”
I know he means Jackson so without hesitation I follow the marshal. Still calling me Miss Stone, I’m a bloody married woman. What a dick.
We approach Petunia Valley where the hills are still green and the buildings still as white. Why didn’t I guess this is where he stayed.
Allowing the people to live in shit and slums whilst he and the rest of the rich and those who have ‘joined’ him live it up here, it’s not right and it’s not fair. 
“Queen Lorelai,” a voice echoes, “so glad of you to join us.”
There in-front of me is Jackson. Casually walking down the stairs of the large extravagant building he is hiding out in.
“Jackson, why are you doing this?” I ask as the marshals hold me, as if that matters!
“Why?” He repeats.
“Yes, why? Do you think the people of earth realm deserve to be treated in such a way?”
“Yes, I watched how they wasted their lives, their gift and their freedom.”
“Freedom?” I snap, “what fucking freedom, they are controlled by these dickless morons and live in an army state, how the fuck is that freedom?”
“They were given a choice, I have stood and watched whilst others of my kid have been bestowed great power and titles whilst I have had nothing.”
“They had no such choice! You are an Elder Star; you have a title and great power.”
“But the kingdom is not mine is it,” he snaps coming up to my face, “it always belongs to someone else, someone else who is selfish and destroys it. For centuries I have sat and done nothing, now it’s my turn.”
Frowning I look at him, “what the fuck that makes no sense, you hate your own king so you descend on another realm and destroy their lives? How the fuck does that work?”
“You have no idea,” he growls, “what I have done, what I have sacrificed. Ethan does not deserve to die for others mistakes. But I deserve power and people will follow me. I will be a king.”
I’ve had enough of this bullshit; with force I blast the marshal’s away. I send them flying away from me as Jackson then tries to attack.
“You will not harm anymore of these people,” I throw my light at him and he too falls.
Those words come to mind, ‘trust your instinct,’ and my instinct is telling me that Marlene is innocent and I need to get the fuck out of here.
I turn to grab her and I flee, throwing balls of light at them to keep them as far back as possible.
As we reach the distance and they are currently not in sight when Marlene breaks down, “oh my, are you ok? We cannot stay here, they will catch us. Come on,” I pull on her, “we need to move.”
“No” she pulls her arm back, “you have just killed my fucking family, do you not understand what you have done?”
“Woah, wait, what? I haven’t killed any…”
“You took me, I was doing what they asked and now you have killed them.”
I need to fix this, I knew she was innocent and she was doing it to save people, would they really kill her family?
Wait, what a stupid question, they killed my brother in hopes of getting to me; of course they would hurt her family too.
“Look, I will help you, but you have to move,” I grab her, “now move, I will not let them get you and I will not let them get your family.”
Sobbing uncontrollably, she gets up and follows me; I have to save these people.








CHAPTER 18

We wander through the streets that have been destroyed by some sort of battle. Buildings crumpled to ash, dust and thick foggy air surrounding us, like some sort of out world.
“What happened here?” I ask looking around at the destruction.
She looks around, the pain on her face as if focusing on a memory, “one day we were doing as we always did, living by instruction, following orders, being watched and trying to survive, the next thing, we were being shot at, bound in chains and told to follow a new order. They bound us like criminals and slaves, forcing us to carry out their bidding, unless we joined them then we would be free, if we didn’t we would be a slave, or worse, dead.”
“And people went along with it?”
She shrugs, “I guess when you have nothing all your life and someone offers you a lifeline for you and your family, you take it because your children are starving.”
I nod, “I understand, I cannot believe one of my own people has done this, it’s so evil, so cruel.”
We walk through the devastation and reach a small path; it leads down underneath the ground and out of the way.
“What’s down there?” I look cautiously and nervously.
“It’s where people hide, we hide underneath the city, right under their noses and yet, they don’t find us. When I need to escape their evil I come here.”
I take a deep breath, remembering their words ‘trust your instinct,’ which is telling me mixed feelings right now.
I head down under the ground and through the dark unclean tunnels littering with rats that run passed my feet.
It stinks of sewerage and faeces, do they really now live in their own squalor, hiding away too afraid to come out and live their lives.
“Mummy!” a little blonde hair girl runs towards Marlene and hugs her.
She is covered in filth, her clothes are nothing but rags but yet she seems like the happiest girl in the world.
“Lucy, I want you to meet a friend of mine, this is Lorelai, say hello.”
The little girl looks at me, her face so sweet and innocent, “Hello,” she smiles.
Marlene looks at me, “and this is where I hide my family, so they cannot hurt them. They already have my father and my mother; I cannot let them hurt my child too.”
“I won’t let them” I assure her.
We head down further into the tunnel. I see people everywhere living in nothing but the slums. How can this happen?
I saw them being treated as slaves but I never thought it had become this bad; it breaks my heart to see this.
As I enter and see them all, they gasp and jump back in fear, afraid that I am just like the one who has destroyed their world.
My heart sinks as they are afraid of me, but as I feel pain and hurt within me I suddenly feel a gush of wind, “Lorelai,” I hear behind me and I turn to find Ethan has found me.
The men, women and children scream in fear as another star enters their secret hide-out.
“Thank god you are ok; I was waiting and waiting for you to feel something so I could tense you, I’m so glad you did I have been worried sick,” he panics.
I turn immediately the panicking humans behind me, “people please, we are not here to harm you, I know you are fearful of our kind but we are here to help you. I am Queen Lorelai and this is my husband King Ethan. Yes we are from another realm and yes we have magical powers but we want to stop what the star that has descended here has done to you.”
They hold back, still in doubt and fear. It doesn’t help that behind Ethan are our soldiers. Full of armour and weaponry.
I turn around frustrated, “guys, you’re not helping, I need you to leave, you’re scaring these people.”
Without question, they bow their heads and leave sensing the fear from the people cowering in-front of them.
“How can we trust you?” A man stands and asks, “we trusted him, he said he would make our lives better, stop the segregation but instead he killed those who opposed him, made us fear for our families and so we fled to live in this disgusting pit of our own filth and dirt to save ourselves, how do we know you have not come here to do exactly the same.”
I look at him with sincerity and warmth, “I’m not like him, I grew up here, I went to school here. My family was human just like you. I will not let him harm another human, I want to help you and so does my husband. What he is doing is not what we are about. We are watchers and guides, there to look over you until it is your time to meet us. Please don’t fear us.”
Slowly he emerges from the darkness and comes closer, he seems to accept my words and as he does, others too come forward, all wanting to see Ethan and I.
“Ethan do something, they need food water and clean clothing,” I beg him quietly.
He smiles at me, “I know just how to do that and it would be my pleasure.”
He waves his hand and a bright white light streams from his palm, filling the tunnels, “with the powers of I, the king of the sky, I give these people what they need, food clothing warmth not gained with greed.”
With those words, swirls of glitter fill the tunnel like a magical wand throwing its magic around us all. 
Clothes appear on rails, food on trays and warmth fills the air. The people look hesitant at first and then with smiles on their faces run towards the items they want or need.
“Thank you so much,” Marlene gasps with tears in her eyes as she cradles her daughter.
“I told you, we are not like the others; go help yourselves to whatever you need.”
“My lord,” a solider interrupts, “they are heading this way.”
“How many?”
“A few.”
“And Jackson?”
The soldier shrugs not knowing the answer, somehow they found us. They probably traced Ethan when he transported here.
Ethan goes to rush outside but I stop him and grab his arm, “Ethan wait, we cannot let these people be harmed, they don’t know of this place yet, we cannot let our interference cause them suffering.”
He looks at them, “you’re right, didn’t you do a spell to hide the others, can you not do that again?”
“I can but it wouldn’t work, Jackson will see them, he is like us remember.”
“Fine, we will protect them and not give away their position.”
I nod as my heart pounds, fearful for these people, I turn to them, their faces filled with dread, “I need all of you to remain quiet and hidden, do you understand me.”
The nod, I smile at them softly and leave out with Ethan. As we exit the tunnel, I magically put a tree in its place, disguising the entrance.
“Jackson is coming.” I mumble.
“How do you know that, they are far away and you can barely see them?”
I look into the distance, “I can sense him.”
The soldiers gather in formation ready to attack. Ethan and I are behind them.
“This is it isn’t it,” I ask out loud, “this is another battle we face for freedom.”
“This will be the last battle we face for freedom, remain strong ok.”
Ethan tries to fill me with confidence but all I feel is panic. I keep trying to think of my families words, ‘trust your instinct’ is like on record constantly repeating in my head. But my feelings are clouded by the worry for the people below us.
The marshal’s approach us and our soldiers stand strong, not flinching or budging, completely standing their ground.
“Ahh Miss Stone, I see you have brought your cronies and reinforcements.”
“Cronies?” I roll my eyes, “how old are you?” Grow he fuck up and act like a man you pathetic waste of space.”
He pouts his lips, “oh big words from such a small woman. Besides, I lost my humanity a long time ago, I am a grown man and I feel no such emotion or care,” he smiles smugly, “now I am going to give you all a choice. Go back to your kingdom and Miss Stone stays, or….”
“Or what?”
“Or die,” he peers down on us, still with a smug as smile on his old face!
I stand forward, “we are not afraid of you; you want me then come get me.”
“As you wish,” he snarls.
Both our soldiers and the marshal’s descend into a fight to the death. The thing is, our soldiers are immortal and their wounds can heal, can the marshal’s?
Jack appears and grabs me, “you are the one he wants and in return I get far more power than you.”
I manage to break free from his grip and turn to face him. His eyes are black, soulless, Rasantios has gotten to him I know it, “Jackson stop this, stop this before it is too late,” I beg him but it doesn’t work, he goes for me again.
“He wants you; he will give me everything I dream of if I give him you!” He shouts.
“Me? What the fuck does he want with me? I’m nothing for him,” I shout back.
“You are the powerful Queen; he wants your power to reign over all the realms, you are what he has waited centuries for.”
Fuck this is sounding familiar, isn’t that what Ethan’s father wanted, “So what? He cannot have me.”
“Don’t you know who you are?” He shouts.
“I know who the fuck I am,”
“Do you,” He grabs me and transports me to the world in-between.
“What are we doing here?”
‘Trust your instinct,’ I hear blow in the wind.
“You have no fucking idea who you are Lorelai or why he wants you so badly. Didn’t you ever wonder why you have powers that not even I or star king have?”
“I already know the answer to that you fucking moron, it’s because my father was a mortal god and my mother an immortal star.”
“You are so much more,” he says grabbing my face, “look around you.”
I look around but I see nothing but mist, a place in-between life and death. Lost souls wandering around. I came here in a dream, I saw my family here, wandering, but they were not lost and they are not here now, I don’t see them.
Why am I here, what has he got to show me. Has he done something to them? Is he playing with my mind?
“What is it you want me to see,” I snap, “I don’t have fucking time for your stupid mind games.”
“You have the power you have because of your reborn soul and who you actually are, not for who your parents were, they hid the truth from you. The dark magic within you does not come from them; it comes from your past.”
I look down at my hands, the dark magic? The light that shoots red from my hands, the dark twisted voice, the evil within me the fights to be free, what past?
“What the hell are you talking about?” I look at him.
“The reason Rasantios wants you so badly is because of who you are, you are Eva.”









CHAPTER 20

I stand still, frozen by those words. Eva, the love of Rasantios’s life, the murdered girl. How can that possibly be me? I know who I am, the prophesised one. The one who was meant to destroy the star king, not the one reborn to love the ultimate evil.
“You’re lying,” I growl at him.
“Why would I lie, Rasantios has wanted you from the minute he learned of your existence. He made a deal with the king to keep you, once he had you he was going to fight the star king and take all.”
I look at him confused, “how do you know all of this?”
He tuts and laughs, “because my dear, I am and Elder Star and I see all, whether they wanted us to or not. So you see, if I give him you, I can have my every desire.”
This cannot be true, I cannot be her. My power comes from Ophelia and my father, it was written so. I read it, my aunty read, stars even heard stories of me, he must be lying.
“You see,” Jackson interrupts my messy trail of thoughts, “when Eva died, Rasantios swore she would be reborn, he swore she would be reborn to be the most powerful of them all. When he sent the spell out, he didn’t know how it would be returned that way. He believed you would return as a human, just like before.”
“You are trying to tell me now that I am the result of some sort of spell?”
He nods, “no you silly woman, the spell was to guarantee she would be reborn that her soul would go into a special baby, your mother and father’s liaison created you and the magic within you, it is true you are the prophesised one, but you are two prophesies, one to destroy he star king and the reincarnation of Eva.”
Oh my god, I think I am going to throw up.
“By Ophelia hiding you for eighteen years, you never knew who you were, and he couldn’t find you until you were discovered by Ethan. He smelled your soul and knew it was you. Rasantios worked with Ethan’s father to gain access to you.”
Wait a minute, I stand and think to myself whilst he rabbits on about Rasantios’s plan. Eva was a good girl. He took her from her family. She wasn’t evil to begin with; he fell in love with her and kept her evil with the amulet.
I look at Jackson, “well he can’t have me, even if I am her, I will never be with him.”
“Oh yes you will,” he snaps and launches at me with his light.
I fight back, feeling a surge of power within me; I throw some light bolts at him.
They hit him but barely wound him, fighting in the in-between; the mist that surrounds us makes it hard to see. 
‘Trust your instinct,’ I hear again whisper in the winds. Are they here? Are they helping me?
I close my eyes and rub my baby bump, I wait in my spot. I cannot see him but I know he is waiting in the fog to attack me.
I hear footsteps, shuffling on the ground and heavy breathing. I keep my eyes closed as I hear the breathing gets closer. 
I swing my arm to the right and bam! I smack Jackson straight in the face. I open my eyes and once again he has disappeared into the mist.
‘Trust your instinct’
I close my eyes again and listen for the sounds. Again I hear the heavy breathing. 
I swing my arm again, smack! I open my eyes quickly to see him scurrying off into the mist, “oh no you don’t,” I grab him by the legs and pull him towards me.
We fight, he throws his light and I throw mine. I lose my humanity; I forget as they said about the others and focus on me and Jackson. I forget about emotion and empathy. 
I grab his light spear and throw it at him, as he falls he grabs me pulling me down with him.
“You think you can defeat me?” I growl, “You know nothing of me, you may be a powerful Elder but I am a fuckin half and half bitch.” 
I drive the spear through his heart and watch the lights go out in his evil black eyes.
His star magic begins to lift from his body as his immortal soul leaves and drifts into the in-between. I don’t have the blade with me to trap his soul, and why should I. He can forever remain here, his soul never moving on, doomed to be lost.
I wave my hand and with the red light building inside of me, I strike at him, cutting off his head. His lifeless body lying on the ground with nowhere to go.
His soul will now forever wander the in-between as no-one is here to take him where he needs to be.
I stop and take a deep breath. I have killed him, killed him without thought and it felt good. Is this what it is like to lose your humanity? To lose feeling and compassion! I could never be this person permanently, it’s horrible.
I need to get back, but how did I get here? How do I get back? Last time I came here it was a dream, Jackson brought me here this time; I need help.
‘Trust your instinct,’ I hear whispered in the mist.
“Mum? Dad?”
“Trust your instinct Lorelai and you will get home.”
“What’s this, the Wizard of OZ? Stop being cryptic and please just help me,” this extremely frustrating.
A figure emerges from the mist, “dad?” It is my dad, with Ophelia and my mother. Ophelia is in one piece.
“Hello Loz,” he smiles, calmer than I have ever seen him before, all of them actually. Better than I envisioned in my dream.
“Wow, you all look, well, amazing!” I gasp in shock.
“We are happy Lorelai, you have defeated Jackson, the reason I am here,” says Ophelia, “and the reason your mother is here, we are able to move on from this place but we didn’t want to go without saying goodbye, plus your father and Lewis wanted to wait for us all to be together.”
I smile holding back tears, “I wish it didn’t have to be goodbye.”
“We’ll meet again,” Ophelia hugs me; I feel the coldness of her soul against my skin, “there is someone who wants to see you before we say our goodbyes.”
There amongst the shadows of souls emerges a man, a man who seems familiar but I cannot place him. My mind scans my memory trying to remember where it was I saw him. Was it a dream?
He gets closer and smiles, “Hello Lorelai,” and then I remember a memory flashback and my vision, it’s my father, my real father.
I take a step back, a bit shocked that he is here. No words seem to want to come out of my mouth right now. I thought I would have so much to say, so many questions I thought I would ask if I ever met him but instead, nothing.
“It’s ok; I’m real, well as real as I can be in this place. I have been here for some time, unable to move on, waiting for my love,” he looks at Ophelia with such devotion, “and waiting for the star king to be defeated. I know things have been hard for you and yes, Jackson was right, you are the re-born soul of Eva, but being that does not make you evil. It’s who you are inside that matters, if we could have raised you we would have and every day we would have watched you grow.”
“You knew who I was all along and no-one told me? I was led to believe I was this prophesised child, growing up not knowing who I am,” I gasp, “I just can’t believe it’s true.”
“Lorelai,” he smiles taking hold of my hand, “Eva was born good, Rasantios fell in love with her and used to Amulet to poison her heart and soul. You know who you are, we didn’t know at first but yes, we figured it out when you were a child and you showed the same traits, but it doesn’t make you evil my darling.”
“You are very special,” Ophelia smiles, “you have done so much good and Rasantios cannot poison your heart, you have done what you were born to do, it is time to go home and live your life with Ethan, Lilly-Rose and that,” she rubs my growing bump, “this beautiful baby boy inside of you.”
My real father stands closer, his cold see through arm wrapping round me, “there will always be challenges ahead but you have defeated those that risked your future. Nothing is simple my darling, you are who you are, but always remember, we choose who we want to be, whether that be good or evil. Your heart tells you who you are and I see nothing but light in you. Go back, face Rasantios and send him back to where he belongs.”
I look at them all, all of my parents and Lewis smiling at me. They seem proud, happy and content. Like the after-life has welcomed them.
At first I was confused, they were in a better place when I saw them, not here. Some sort of Eden but they came back; they came back to help me and to wait for each other until they were all reunited, and Ophelia’s wandering soul got her head back. They are now at peace.
My heart fills with warmness, I see them drift into the distance, waving goodbye as they all disappear.
I feel myself being pulled in another direction, I feel happy and sad all at the same time. Suddenly, I am right next to Ethan who is still in battle.
“Where have you been?” He shouts over the noise.
“Long story,” I wave my hand and blast light into the sky, the most powerful of them all.
It comes crumbling down over the armies forcing them to withdraw. Our soldiers stand firm as the marshal’s and the human army look in fear.
Lord Justice approaches, the goby almighty thinking he still has the upper edge, “how dare you stop us all,” he snaps, “this our realm.”
“Ummm, not anymore,” Ethan goes to nudge me but I silence him, “your leader is dead and you are no longer immortal,” I smile sarcastically.
“Nonsense,” he spits, “I am an immortal, and it was a gift bestowed for my loyal service.”
I laugh, “Oh please, you’re not loyal; you’ll latch onto anyone you think has power that you can gain from. Your ‘leader’ is wandering the in-between, a doomed soul forever trapped,” my side lips curls up, I cannot help but gloat, “you are nothing,” I wave my hand and blast a light directly though Lord Justice’s abdomen.
He falls to the ground as his men stand in horror looking on. They see his lifeless body, blood drips from him just like a mortal, he looks up at me as I see his eyes start to dim.
They realise they are nothing, they realise their immortality was only theirs for as long as Jackson remained, now he is dead and they are scared.
“You are all nothing,” I shout to them, “your leader has failed, surrender or die, that is your choice.”
One by one, they throw down their weapons, each kneeling before me as they surrender in battle.
The earth realm is finally free. People begin to emerge and see the fallen marshal’s. They go around switching off robots, no longer to be dictated to or controlled.
Cheers erupt as our soldier’s take the marshal’s away. These people are free, that is all I came to do.
















CHAPTER 21

“I don’t know what’s happened, but this is amazing Lorelai,” Ethan praises, “you disappeared and we battled for what felt like hours and then you return and silence them immediately.
I just smile at him, I don’t think I will go in details of what happened, he knows I have defeated Jackson and that’s all he needs to know.
As the people are cheering and the marshals are being escorted, the ground beneath us begins to rumble. I look at Ethan, I know who it is and I see fear on his face.
“You are mine,” the evil voice rumbles. The ground breaks and up through the cracks rises Rasantios, “you are mine, come with me or I will burn everyone.”
Ethan draws his weapon but I stop him, “this is my fight, stand back,” I order. Walking closer to Rasantios, who is hovering above the people, raging fires below him, I am cool and calm. “Yours? I will never be yours?”
“You are here because of me, because I made it so many years ago, your soul belongs to me,” he roars.
“I am here because of my mother and father, my soul is my soul, just because I am Eva it means nothing. I do not want you and I do not love you,” I scathe at him, “the only way you got Eva to love you was by poisoning her heart, other than that she would never have loved such an evil, manipulative creature like yourself.”
His anger builds up as he rises further into the air, “if you fail to join me, I will kill everyone.”
I laugh, “Not a chance in hell,” I blast my light at him, it knocks him backwards but he immediately fires back.
He reaches down, swirls of flames surround me. The thick smoke causes me to choke. I feel it reaching my lungs as I hear Ethan screaming out for me.
“She’s mine” Rasantios roars once more as I feel a fiery grip around my arm and then being pulled into something.
Hot! Hot! Hot! My body is burning; I quickly jump up to see I am once against in the pits of hell. Souls try to latch on to me, desperate for freedom, desperate to be away of the lifelong torture that faces them in their after-life.
I fight them off and run as quick as I can. I have no idea where I am going; I just know I need to move.
I hear heavy footsteps, like horse gallops behind me. Fuck! I need to get out of here. I run to the end where there is a large black door. Not thinking I run straight inside.
I look around this dark and dingy room, where the hell am I? Portraits of a woman who looks like me hang on the black wall, covered in soot and ash. The bed stands made, as if it has never been touched, covered in cobwebs. 
A vanity table stands against the corner, a small jewellery box place neatly on the top. Curiosity is too much, I slowly walk over and open the box.
There inside is a small bracelet, a necklace and a ring. I pick up the bracelet that has caught my eye. It sparkles in the darkness.
Suddenly, I feel weird. Wind blows passed me as I begin to see things before my eyes, oh no, not now, a premonition, really?

There is a girl on the bed, she is crying. Her clothes are burnt slightly at the bottom. Who is she.
Wait, someone is coming. I look as the door opens, holy shit it’s Rasantios, there he is in his true evil form.
‘Leave her alone’ I scream but he cannot hear me. I’m not really here, is this the future, or the past?
‘I want to go home,’ the girl sobs lifting her head from the bed, oh my god, she looks like me.
‘This is your home now, you will learn to love me. Here, I brought you a gift.’
He hands the girl the bracelet, she looks upon him kindly, grateful for her gift she accepts, but as he goes to touch her she withdraws.
The pain can quite visibly be seen in his face. Does he love this girl? Then I realise, it’s Eva.

I am brought back into the room. I think I just saw the first moment Eva as brought here, right before he gave her the amulet. This bracelet I hold in my hand was a gift, a gift to her. Can this evil creature really be capable love?
Wait, what the hell am I doing? Am I starting to feel sorry for him? Am I starting to feel drawn.
No, ‘snap out of it Lorelai,’ I scream inside at myself. I hear the trollop of footsteps reach the door. Outside this room I know he is there.
The doors burst open and there he stands in the doorway, looking at me. His eyes piercing mine as if trying to look into my soul.
“This is who you are, this is where we fell in love, don’t you remember Eva?”
I frown, “I’m not Eva, I am Lorelai. I will never be Eva and I will never love you.”
He comes closer but he seems more, I don’t know, calm rather than angry, as if he is begging for me to love him. He takes hold of my arm and places it on his red hot chest, “feel me Eva, you know that I love you. All that I am is yours. Remember us.”
For a moment I get lost in his black soulless eyes. He seems to be drawing me in. It’s as if I see a man behind the monster, someone warm, sincere and capable of loving.
As he holds my hand to his chest, I don’t realise he has something missing, a heartbeat. As I snap out of the trance I seem to be in I quickly snap my hand away.
“You, you have no heart, how can a creature with no heart be capable of love?” I back away, “I am not Eva, I am Lorelai and I belong to Ethan, the king of the stars.”
“You belong to me,” he snaps, “You are Queen Eva, wife and lover to me. You are mine and belong to no-one else.”
I raise my eyebrows, jeez! Possessive much? “I love Ethan and I will never belong to you.”
He loses his temper and whips me with his long pointy tail right across the face.
Ouch! That fucking hurt, what a prick. I get up and touch the soreness that burns across my cheek. Blood drips from my skin where his harsh tail whipped me. And he expects me to be with him? That’s a joke!
I turn and look directly at him, “how fucking dare you! You think punishing me or beating me will force me to be with you, what the fuck, are you insane?”
“I am the ruler of all evil, the keeper of damaged souls and you were recreated to be with me,” he roars lifting himself into the air, his large devil like body overshadowing me.
“I may be the reincarnation of Eva, but I was not recreated for you,” I snap, “I am Lorelai, Queen of the Kingdom of Stars, mother to the princess, mother to the prince to be and wife to the king. My heart is full of light, love and care, things you could never possess because your heart is nothing but black and cold. I could never and will never love you.”
For a moment I think I see a tear in his eyes. As if my harsh words have just broken his black heart in two, could it be that he felt something in that moment, maybe he had hope that I would be his and then I took it away.
I don’t know, how someone so evil can be capable of love, it just isn’t possible.
“You can beat me, whip me or even torture me but I couldn’t give a shit, I will never feel for you and I will never love you,” I bark at him.
I can feel the power surging through me, as if the baby’s power is linking with my own. I feel the burn in my eyes, I know my eyes have now turned red.
He goes to strike at me but just as quick as he does I strike back. Light burst from my hand like lighting breaking into simple white pieces, like shards of white glass.
It strikes him through the leg at first. He hits back at me with fire balls, created from the palms of his hands. 
The fireball hits me on the leg making me scream out in pain. For a few seconds, it burns and stings as if my flesh is melting away.
I scurry to the side and hide out of the fireballs Rasantios is launching at me aggressively.
Focusing on my wound, I manage to accelerate the healing. I guess tapping into the baby’s magic has it perks when I need it. 
The burn heals slightly, not fully but enough to allow me to get up and walk without being in any pain.
I shoot myself around from behind the wall and fire once again at Rasantios, this time piercing his black heart. What looks like black tar drips from his red fiery chest and his body comes crashing to the ground.
I stand confidently before him, “No more will you rise above to attack the vulnerable not intended for your cruelness, no more will you pursue me. Here you will spend your dark days collecting souls, your life will be empty, and you will never love again. Doomed to spend eternity alone, your demons will rise to collect the souls of the damned but you will remain stuck here forever. As I say it, as is my will,” I blast once more the powerful beam of starlight, a furious red light hits him again.
His body breaks, lights begin to beam out of him as the fires of hell rise from below. Hands seem to emerge from the fire and grasp hold of Rasantios, who is fighting to remain in the room with me.
Against his will, the hands of fire drag him into the deepest pits of hell where my words will haunt him for all eternity. Gone is the leader of all evil, forever rotting in this hell pit.
Covered head to toe in ash, soot and dirt, I take a deep breath as I realise I have once again defeated Rasantios and this time it’s for good.
“‘It’s over,” I mumble to myself, listening to the sounds of the screaming souls that still surround me in this evil place. 
I feel something behind me, something warm but not the feeling of warm you generally sense down here.
I turn to see a white light beaming down into the dark and dingy room. A person is floating down, who is it?
“Lorelai,” the voice echoes, “you have done a world of good and defeated two of the most evil people ever to roam in all realms, for this you shall receive a great reward.”
“Who are you,” I ask squinting at the bright light, “come forward, I cannot see you.”
Should I be worried by the figure that is emerging from the light beaming down from who knows where? Surely this sort of thing does not tend to happen in hell, I mean, it’s hell! No light ever shines here.
The figure steps out of the light so that I am able to see him. There, stood before me is a beautiful man. Give or take I would say about forty years old. His hair is golden yellow, he is wearing some sort of robe that only covers his lower half and his body is completely ripped and muscular.
“I am he who rules above, I govern those destined for afterlife in the havens of good and kindness.”
“Oh shit, you’re him aren’t you, like god or something,” I spit out, shocked at what I am looking at.
He giggles, his beautiful face looking at mine “Yes, I am he, you have done a great service to all the realms Lorelai, I will reward you with one wish, what shall it be.”
Wow, I didn’t do any of this for me, I done what I thought was right, “I only have one request that I can think of.”
“Anything,” he smiles as if he could give me the world in the palms of his hands.
“That the people of earth realm be happy, no more dictators, no more separation based on wealth or status, to live freely as they choose, freewill for all. Live like they did before it all went mad.”
He bows his head and curls up his lip, “as you wish,” and then he claps his hands together. 
Everything goes bright, too bright to see.





CHAPTER 22

I’m floating, where am I floating to. The clouds are white and fluffy, am I in the star kingdom?
I look down the star kingdom is below me, I see them, if I’m not there then where am I? What’s happening?
‘Look Lorelai’ I see them waving. Mum, dad, everyone all waving at me from beyond some pure white light, smiles on their faces and glows on their cheeks.
The beautiful man rubs my belly, “He will be so powerful, he will make you proud.”
I float away from him, like my body is just gliding through the air. I feel funny, I feel sleepy.

I open my eyes to see Ethan stood next to me as I stand firmly on my feet, his arms fling around me and grab hold of me tightly, “my god I am so relieved to see you.”
“Am I home?” I look around, I realise I am in the castle and my bump is much larger than it was what seemed like a few seconds ago.
“I have been going out of my mind, we thought you were dead, I have had search parties out looking for you. People casting spells to try and get to you and Rasantios, the realms pulling together to find you.”
I look at Ethan’s worried yet relieved face as I am confused, I stare at my very large baby bump, “wait, how long was I gone for, what do you mean? I was down there for barely an hour….I think!”
“You have been gone for months Lorelai, I have been worried sick. They had said to give up hope but I could never give up on you.”
I don’t believe it, I was literally just standing there after finishing with Rasantios and then he clapped and then boom….I was here, how it could possibly have been a few months?
I look around and go to the window, the stars are carrying on as normal, the sky shines like crystals and people seem happy again.
“What happened here?” I ask gazing out of the window at those happy below.
“When Rasantios took you, the marshals and their people were captured, then the most amazing thing happened. It was as if a powerful good spell was cast upon the humans. Look.” He leads me to the portals and waves his hand to reveal the earth realm.
There I see people getting on with their lives. There is no segregation, no robots or rules that force them into specific areas. They seem happy, going about their lives as people did back in the history books I read.
Did he do this? Did my wish come true after-all? I look at Ethan who is puzzled but I don’t want to tell him what happened. I’m just happy that finally, the realms are all back to normal. Well, people of all realms are finally happy anyway.
I keep looking and see a new government has been put in place and new laws to follow, which is good. But they have their own freewill, how they choose to use it is up to them.
“What happened while you were down there?” Ethan whispers to me.
I look at him and smile, stroking his soft cheek “it doesn’t matter, everything is perfect now.”
He leans in and kisses me softly. I still look like I have been dragged through the mud. Did he knock me out or something? I cannot even think about it, I think it best I just leave that part a mystery, before I drive myself insane.
Pandora suddenly comes rushing into the castle, runs up to me and places her hands on my bump, “We have been so worried about you, is everything ok? Are you ok? Is the baby ok?”
“Woah,” I laugh, “I’m fine, the baby is fine, in-fact everything is more than fine it’s wonderful.”
She checks me over as per instruction from Ethan and looks amazed that both baby and me are unharmed, I am just extremely dirty.
“I think I am going to go take a bath,” I kiss Ethan softly and head to the bathroom.
As usual, the star maids are fussing over me. I get into a warm bath and lie back. For the first time in months I relax, this feels really good.
I hear the shuffling of feet enter the bathroom, I know instantly that’s Ethan.
“I can hear you,” I sigh, “what’s wrong. You never come in here unless something is on your mind.”
He pokes his head around the screen divider, “nothing is wrong with me, I just have some things in my head that need answering I guess.”
“Now?” I tut, “can’t this wait, I feel like I have been waiting to relax for centuries.”
“I suppose it can,” he sighs and miserably goes to leave.
I roll my eyes, “wait, come back. I can see its bothering you so come on tell me.”
“You seem so,” he looks me up and down, “different, so calm since you have been back, how can this be after what happened to you down there.”
I sit up in the tub and look at him, “Ethan, you don’t know what happened to me down there and besides, I’m fine. He tried to keep me but I defeated him and that’s that.” I shrug.
“There is more to your happiness Lorelai, I can sense it within you.”
“Well,” how do I explain this, “before Rasantios took me, when I disappeared, Jackson pulled me into the in-between. After we fought I felt trapped with no way out. But then I heard a voice, I saw them Ethan.”
He lowers his eyes, “saw who?”
“My mum, my dad, Lewis, Ophelia and my real dad….they were just there, waiting to move on. He said they couldn’t until Ophelia and my mother’s killer was caught and defeated. They were surrounded by beautiful white light and they looked so happy, all of them.”
“If I didn’t know any better I would say you were dreaming, I know how the in-between can play on your emotions.”
I smile, “no it wasn’t that, my real father, he said some things to me and it touched my heart. I know now that they are in a good place and they are all together, their souls are happy and I guess it makes me happy too, knowing they aren’t dwelling for eternity in an evil pit somewhere.”
“It’s over now Lorelai,” Ethan smiles, “we can live as we were meant to.”
“I’m sure there will always be challenges ahead but we will face them together,” I lie back down into the bathtub as Ethan lifts the sponge to pour water over my body, “Now this is most definitely relaxing.”
We both laugh, and just then, the baby kicks and Ethan feels it. His face lights up, “he’s kicking, I can feel him kicking,” he gasps, “this is amazing.”
I finish my bath and head down into the main castle area where our stars are getting on as normal. I feel hungry, cannot remember the last time I felt so hungry.
Pandora comes rushing in, “Lorelai I must speak with you,” she pants, “it’s urgent.”
“What is it?” Ethan asks, now he’s worried.
“Lorelai, you are full term,” she announces.
“I’m….I’m what? How? How is that possible?” I look down at my bump and it is larger, like full pregnant large. I didn’t think I was that far gone, no way!
Did he do this? Was what I saw real? I thought I was dreaming when he put his hands on me but maybe he has accelerated its growth? No, that cannot be possible, Ethan said I was gone months!
Was I just floating around above the star kingdom for months, what the hell is happening. Oh my lord I cannot think, am I going crazy?
I feel a sharp pain hit my stomach, now I’m definitely panicking. What’s happening to me?
“We must move you, the baby is coming,” Pandora orders.
“What!” I screech, “no, no the baby cannot be coming now, I am not ready to have this baby right now.”
“You don’t have a choice,” she waves her hand and a chair appears below me, “sit,” she orders.
“Ethan,” I breathe deeply, “why has he done this,” ouch the pain surges through me, “why keep me for months, where is Lilly-Rose.”
Ethan holds my hand, “Lilly-Rose is fine, she is in the castle with the nanny, concentrate.”
The pain rips through me, baby is coming and he is coming fast.
“There is no time like the present, push Lorelai, you must push now.”
Everything around me seems to zone out and go quiet, I give it my all and push down. 
“That’s it Lorelai, one more, come on one more time.”
I push again, within moments I feel no more pain and the small cries of a baby. I look down to see my son being cradled in Pandora’s arms, “congratulations, you have a healthy beautiful little prince,” she smiles as she places him in my arms.
Ethan looks at me and kisses my forehead and I look into the eyes of my beautiful blue eyed boy. My baby is here, quicker than expected and I have no idea why that beautiful man above done what he done to me but I couldn’t be happier that my little prince is here. Lilly-Rose enters with my Aunty Serena who gather around me and gush over the new baby.
I look around happy in my life, knowing my family are watching over me and knowing I have done the right thing.
I maybe the reincarnation of Eva and I maybe the most powerful star, but I am who I am. I love Ethan and my family and I could never ask for anything more than this.
This is my forever, this is my life. Forever a queen, forever a mother and forever Ethan’s wife.
All that I am….I give to them.

##

