The Shadow of All Worlds 
A Crossover Novel 
Copyright 2014 Vanna Smythe Jennifer Preister Fawkes Paz Shane Porteous 
Cover art and cover copyright 2014 Tom Barzcak 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your
friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial
purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. Thank you for your
support. 
Special thanks to Neil Shooter L. Blankeship and Walter Rhein for their input during the early brainstorming sessions of this project. 
The Shadow of All Worlds
By 
Vanna Smythe, Jennifer Preister, Fawkes Paz, Shane Porteous 
Chapter 1 
The clean up was finally finished, the last of the glass had been set in place, the great sword back where it belonged. The Hall of Heroes now looked the way it once had: clean, organized and glorious. 
“That is the last of the weapons?” King Yadi asked, his authoritative yet soothing voice heard by his entire escort. 
“That it is my lord,” Regent Jenner replied. Silently he remembered the day the hall was vandalized, the sword of Perocles was the first weapon taken from this place, so it felt fitting that it was the last to return. King Yadi admired the Hall, he knew some expected him to be angry about this sacred place being ransacked, but he wasn’t. He was just grateful his kingdom had survived the battle and that they had been able to restore the hall. Yadi turned away from the hall, and his escort of regents, guards, knights and mages followed like an orderly group of shadows. He would have liked to stay within that place for much longer, but there were too many other pressing matters he couldn’t ignore. 
They entered one of the many walkways of the city as the sun shone brightly in the sky. Its warmth was welcome for the air remained chilly. Even though winter was in its dying days and spring would follow, it would be at least a month before the snow melted completely. In the distance they could hear a chorus of sounds, a collection that some of them knew very well. 
“I take it the training is on schedule?” King Yadi asked, his gaze remaining upon his half-rebuilt city. 
“In some ways it is my lord,” a female knight with short black hair answered. 
“Some of the townsfolk have taken to the sword and spear as well as they once took to the fishing rod and saw. While others seem better off sticking with the trades of their fathers.” 
“All of them would’ve been better off sticking with the trades of their fathers.” 
These words caused the entire escort and the king to stop mid-step. With the exception of the king there was only one amongst them whose voice carried such an authority. Every eye now rested upon that man, the striking figure of Captain Juruz. He didn’t wait for his King to address him, which all of them noticed. 
“I mean no disrespect to Captain Oeger,” Captain Juruz began, glancing at the female knight in a sign of genuine respect. “But those men and women shouldn’t be wielding swords and spears, they should be performing their trades, whether it be forging metals or selling their trinkets, none of them should be handling weapons.” 
King Yadi locked eyes with Juruz, he understood his frustration well, but he understood better that these were desperate times. 
Before the king could speak Regent Jenner stepped forward, placing himself in front of Juruz. 
“People such as those training now, who like them once pounded metal and sold trinkets, took up arms and defended the second entry point during the orc attack. If it hadn’t been for them the second entry point would have been overrun.” 
Silently the rest of the escort watched on as, without a second thought, Juruz replied. “Do you know why you have to tell me that? All of those townsfolk who fought on that day aren’t here to tell me themselves, because each and every one of them is deep within the ground.” 
“Many knights of Ebulon are also deep within the ground,” Regent Jenner countered. Juruz took a half step forward and instantly the air filled with tension. 
“Now that is something you didn’t have to tell me,” Juruz began, his deep powerful voice resonating through the air. “Because what you fail to understand Regent is those knights died doing what they were trained for, what they took oaths for. That is how warriors are meant to die, defending what they are sworn to defend. Merchants and blacksmiths are meant to die warm in their beds grateful that sworn knights died fighting to ensure their way of life.” 
“I was at the second entry point,” Regent Jenner said both softly and sternly. “A warrior from another world came and told the townsfolk to raise arms and defend this kingdom. Those townsfolk were warriors on that day, they died doing what they were supposed to.” Regent Jenner was surprised that Juruz didn’t flinch at such a statement. Instead he spoke confidently. 
“You mean the foreigner who ordered you to allow the Hall of Heroes to be vandalized in the first place? You mean the foreigner who demanded that grandfathers who should have been someplace warm and safe smash bottles and make weapons out of rusted old farm tools? You mean the foreigner who got boys too young to shave to wield the weapons of heroes, the sacred artifacts that should have remained where they were? The foreigner who demanded that you, a regent, take up a weapon and be somewhere that you never belonged?” 
“His name was Malik, and yes,” Regent Jenner replied, amazed that he was defending a man whose boorish demeanor he once despised. Juruz deliberately waited a bit before answering. The moment felt heavy and seemed to last much longer than it actually did. 
“You think that because you spent one night on a battlefield, instead of someplace warm and safe that you have any idea what I am talking about?” 
To this the Regent had no response, because he knew Juruz was correct. It wasn’t his place to question the captain. Juruz wasn’t a simple guardsman like Stern, he was a seasoned and proven warrior, a man who had been on thousands of battlefields, fighting orcs, men, dwarves, elves, even dragons. Jenner was now quite certain that Juruz would never have allowed Malik to do such things. Since he wasn’t a warrior Jenner had no idea how Malik would’ve faired against Juruz and he was quite certain an altercation would’ve taken place if Juruz had been there. But he hadn’t been, and if Malik hadn’t shown up Jenner wouldn’t have survived that night. 
“Now, Captain,” King Yadi said. He was the only one capable of getting Juruz to look away from the Regent. “You cannot blame Regent Jenner for his gusto, I am sure you remember what it was like surviving your first day of battle. You know as well as I that being so close to the hand of death is the only way one truly feels alive.” 
“That I do…My Lord,” Juruz responded after a long moment. His powerful marble blue eyes looked back to Jenner. “I also remember not questioning the veteran knights and captains who had fought on many battlefields.” 
Jenner stayed quiet to this remark. His king was right, before that night he never would’ve addressed Juruz in such a way. He had to remember who he was, he used his words not his hands to settle things. 
“Believe me, Captain,” Yadi said as he began walking once more. Captain Juruz’s gaze wandered just a little bit before he turned and began walking with the rest of the escort. “I understand your frustrations. Ideally tradesmen should be plying their trades not fighting on the battlefield. But I also know that many knights and veteran warriors died defending this city from the Confederation of Orcs. While I am eternally grateful to each and every one of them, we still have many enemies in the world and need the townsfolk to be prepared and trained to defend this city once more.” There was a shared moment of silence as they looked out into the city from the walkway. Though much had been repaired and cleaned away, the city was far from rebuilt. 
“I do not feel the orcs will be much of a problem my King.” The words came from one of his many advisors-the thinned framed, narrow faced Atfan. “The confederation remains, however they are busy fighting with the goblins over control of the Rainlands. The goblins are far more formidable than they were twenty years ago when they were raiding Eskuras. Even if the orcs manage to defeat them, it will be years before they are a threat to us once again.” 
“I quite agree,” another advisor added, this one a relatively young woman. “I never thought the day would come when Ebulon would be grateful for goblins.” 
“Yes, that is true,” the king said, looking to no one in particular. “But not all orcs lived in the Rainlands, many tribes would have no interest in fighting goblins. While we killed a good number of them during the Battle of Ebulon there are many tribes still large and capable. They have been raiding elf outposts in retaliation for their aid during the battle.” King Yadi stopped his step knowing his words would carry more power if he halted and shared eye contact with each of his escorts. “Prince Aldoren risked a lot coming to help us, he put many good elf warriors in danger. If he calls for help in defending his outposts or even defending one of the elf cities it is our responsibility to send warriors to help him.” Yadi ensured he looked each of them in the eye, allowing them enough time to protest his words. Such protests never came, for each strongly agreed. 
Collectively they had all taken a few steps before King Yadi began speaking again. “Besides, as all of you know, the orcs are not our only enemy….” The king stayed silent for quite some time for inside he was sickened by the circumstance of his beloved city. Seemingly sensing his troubles, one of the mages, a tall figure with a short sharp beard and long flowing hair that shone a very dark blue in the sunlight, spoke. 
“The attacks on the silver and gold mines by the refugees have increased ever since the streets of Ebulon were picked clean of orc corpses.” As soon as he said these words, the mage second-guessed himself. 
It wasn’t something that anyone of them was proud of, especially the king. His kingdom, his cherished city had been the only human holding that had survived the campaign of the orcs, and so many refugees from now perished human kingdoms had flocked there, hoping to start their lives anew. But Ebulon was far from unscathed, it simply didn’t have the resources or manpower to feed and govern such a large host. Too many of Ebulon’s citizens and soldiers had died during the battle, meaning there wasn’t enough people to clean the streets of the bodies. Because the battle had taken place during winter, most of the orc bodies remained frozen. 
In a bid to accomplish many things with a single task, such as cleaning the streets as well as feeding the refugees Yadi had ordered something disturbing. Sickened by the solution but knowing it was the best option, Yadi had used the strange recipes given to his soldiers by ‘The Kitchen Patrol’ to teach the refugees how to properly cook and eat orc flesh. The notion was nauseating, he knew he couldn’t force it on his own people, but his streets had to be cleaned before spring came. He also knew the refugees would resent him, but at least their stomachs would be full. 
When the refugees had been forced to leave, many riots occurred and Yadi was aware that many refugees were killed during the conflict. But his streets were clean and for the time being his city was safe. But the refugees were still out there, desperate, cold and full of resentment for the king who wouldn’t allow them to settle in his city. They didn’t care for his reasons, his reasons wouldn’t keep them warm or well fed. 
The king was so entrenched by his own thoughts it took him a moment to realize one of his advisors was talking. 
“I agree that the attacks on the mines are an annoyance we will have to deal with,” the advisor began in his well-spoken voice. “But I am more concerned by the Sack Swords. Their attacks on the mines stopped about a month ago.” 
“I disagree,” one of the mages said, her eyes almost golden, her hair an apple red. 
“The Sack Swords were given their name because they are so poorly equipped they have to carry their swords in potato sacks in place of sheaves.” 
“The swords themselves aren’t what we should worry about,” Captain Oeger retorted. “It is the men and women wielding them. Unlike most of the refugee groups the Sack Swords are made up entirely of former knights, mercenaries and tribal warriors. The only reason for warriors of different cultures to unite is to attack a single enemy, one that has more resources and food than any mine.” She didn’t need to elaborate, they all knew that she was talking about their home municipal. 
“The only mercenary leader ever worth fearing was Droak and he perished in the battle for Jamik,” an advisor said, seemingly trying to put his own fears to rest in place of adding anything noteworthy. 
“Droak may be dead,” another captain roughly the same age as Juruz said. “But a lot of the Droakins are still alive and are members of the Sack Swords. Their leader for example this ‘Match Head’ Ged is an exceptional warrior.” After he said these words he placed his hand on his chest, though his touch only felt the cold hard plate of armor, beneath it, he still carried a scar he had received from Match Head Ged on a past battlefield. 
“Not to mention they are probably better armed than we first thought,” said a mage who was completely bald, but possessed an impressive pair of blonde muttonchops. “I know we did our best to stop the refugees from taking any of the orc weapons when we allowed them into ‘clean’ the city streets, but it is impossible that we stopped them completely.” 
His words rang true, the riots were utterly chaotic, there was much opportunity for the refugees to take the weapons of the dead orcs to flee the city and regroup for a future attack. 
“In hindsight, perhaps we should have asked for help from the other worlds to rid the city of the dead orcs in place of getting the refugees to do it,” another advisor said. 
Such an idea was a ridiculous one, as far as the king was concerned. Heroes of the other worlds had risked life and limb to save his city for no reward, even in such a desperate situation he could never ask such a thing of them. Before he could voice such words Juruz spoke sharply. “We must never again ask for aid from other worlds!” 
The entire escort stopped in mid step and not because of Juruz’s commanding voice but rather because of what he just said. 
“What is the meaning of this?” Keska, a member of the royal guard demanded. She possessed hard yet attractive features. During the entire conversation the royal guard had remained quiet, as normally they were focused entirely on keeping the king safe. But someone making such a demand of their king, even a veteran captain like Juruz was completely out of line. Juruz stayed quiet, but it was clear he held to his conviction. 
“I’ll agree that some of the actions of this Malik were despicable, and the other world creature who agreed to give Attor the dragon half the king’s gold had no right to do that, but you speak out of term Captain.” A mage who was built much more like a warrior than a wizard said these words. 
“Some of those who aided our city have done wrong but let us not forget that many advances have been made because of their presence here. The surgical skills and techniques of Kate Bockmann have vastly improved our medical knowledge, ask any surgeon or doctor in the city if you don’t believe me,” another mage added, conviction strong in her tone. 
“Let none of us forget if it hadn’t been for each and every one of those heroes Ebulon would have been burned to the ground and none of us would be standing here having this conversation.” King Yadi had spoken once more and it brought each of them to silence. He shared an intense gaze with Captain Juruz but neither of them blinked. Sensing how bad the tension had become, Captain Oeger spoke. 
“The king is correct, Captain Juruz. You know that as well as any of us. Captain Torrin personally told me that if it hadn’t been for otherworld soldiers coming to your aid than the first entry point would have fallen within minutes.” 
Now Captain Juruz stared long and hard at her, she was a strong person in her own right but it was difficult to stare at Juruz for long, since his gaze was overwhelmingly powerful. 
“It was a single soldier,” Juruz said slowly. “And if you had seen what I had seen you never would want him in this world again.” 
The king knew Captain Juruz personally, they had fought together on many battlefields. He had seen Captain Juruz stare down a dragon without fear and so he was disturbed when he saw the Captain’s hand trembling. 
“Tell me, Juruz,” the king said softly. “What is it that you saw on that day?” 
The king had been told already what had happened at the first entry point of his city by one of his many mages. Even though the battle had taken place only months ago the memory of the mage’s words felt very distant. All he really remembered was that this other world warrior had defeated Grock the King Killer in an one on one confrontation. 
Captain Juruz knew his king better than most and seemingly could see what he was thinking. He explained himself slowly and for the first time for many of them his voice wasn’t authoritative and proud, rather it sounded weakened. 
“If he had just defeated Grock in battle I would forever be praising his name…but he did much more than that…” Juruz flinched at the memory and the king was alarmed by such action. “I saw a single man…no there is no way he was man. I saw a single soldier summon an energy unlike any this world has known. With this energy he turned giant mountain peaks into dust and killed five-hundred orcs in an instant. But that was nothing compared to what he did next. I saw him stand alone without fear or apprehension against a sea of orc warriors, there were thousands and thousands of them. Their numbers were so great that not a speck of snow could be seen amongst them as they charged towards him….” Juruz stopped speaking for a moment but none dared to break his concentration. “Out of those thousands upon thousands, only 6 got past him. His power was so great that after single-handily killing a good five thousand of them the rest fled, tens of thousands of orcs fled back to whatever hole they crawled out of instead of facing this one warrior.” 
Juruz ensured his eyes were firmly upon his king when he spoke again. “Forget the orcs, forget the refugees, forget the Sack Swords, forget the elves, forget even the dragons. If he had wanted to, this soldier could have attacked Ebulon and not even if every knight of the city stood against him could we have stopped him.” 
There was a long dreadful silence that haunted the air as they all contemplated his words. 
“But he didn’t,” a mage finally said. With all eyes upon the mage, the king recognized him as the one who had once watched over the first entry point to the city. “I was there,” the mage continued with conviction. “I too saw what this…” 
“Cada Varl,” Juruz said deathly. 
“…Cada Varl was capable of and you’re right. If he wanted to take this city, chances are he could have. But he didn’t, he came to aid this city because our king asked him to. When the battle was over he left this world without asking for so much as a jug of water.” 
“You miss my point,” Juruz said. “You say you saw the same things that I did and if you were a warrior you too would be afraid.” He looked upon his king as he said, “I do not care how long someone trains, you do not fight the way he did without spending a lot of time on proper battlefields.” 
“I don’t understand,” the mage replied truthfully. Keeping his eyes on his king, whose vision showed alarm. Juruz explained. “There is no way he could have become that skilled merely by slaughtering, which means he had to have fought beings strong enough to challenge him physically. So in other words there are beings out there in the other worlds strong enough to match Cada Varl.” 
He searched the gaze of his king and could tell his words were getting through to Yadi. Juruz moved his gaze to peer into the eyes of each of the mages. 
“I have heard the stories of who and what came to the other entry points of the city. You know how powerful the other world heroes are, not just Cada Varl but others.” Looking back to his king he said softly yet clearly, “None of them became that powerful without facing beings of similar strength. It is almost too terrifying to imagine how Ebulon would suffer if beings of such power that weren’t heroes were ever allowed into this world. You must never allow such beings a chance to enter our domain. You yourself have said that you do not have complete control over who hears the call. To even risk such a chance would be damning not just for Ebulon but the entire world.” 
Captain Juruz didn’t wait for a response. He turned and walked off. 
Keska motioned to speak, but a raised hand by her king silenced her. Captain Juruz who was known for his respectful way had shown disrespect by not addressing Yadi in a proper way. Yadi was aware of this but was more concerned by what it indicated. Though much of what Captain Juruz had said had merit, the lack of respect was a growing trend amongst many of his soldiers. 
Many, including Juruz felt ostracized by everything that had happened since the battle. These once proud, brave men and women were forced to accept help from complete strangers to defend their city. King Yadi was sure they saw it as a humiliation that didn’t end when the battle was over. And now normal townsfolk were being trained in order to one day fight alongside them. Adding to the humiliation was having to give Attor half of the treasury.
Yadi hated the idea as much as his soldiers did, but there hadn’t been enough of them to resist the dragon. Now the soldiers were facing aggressive refugees, many of which weren’t trained warriors and yet the Ebulon army was in such a weakened state even the refugees were becoming too much of a problem for them to handle. Ebulon had survived against the orcs and for that Yadi was forever grateful. But his city remained badly wounded, it would take a considerable amount of time before it was completely healed. 
He found himself looking out from the walkway to one of the many courtyards. He could see a number of weary people as they worked under the close supervision of guards, repairing the city walls and other such tasks. They weren’t refugees but Ebulon citizens who had fled the city before the orc attack had begun. He didn’t blame them for leaving. When the Confederation of Orcs had begun their campaign to wipe humans from this world every single other human city was wiped off the face of the earth. 
Ebulon would have suffered a similar fate if the other world warriors hadn’t shown up. But because he had been forced to hand over half his wealth and knowing the refugees couldn’t be used to repair the city, the king had no other choice but to force these citizens into unpaid labor. It was under the pretext that they had to earn their place back into society, punishment for abandoning the city. He hated the idea of it, these were the people he was supposed to look after and protect. However his city had to be rebuilt. There were simply too many wolves at his door for him to leave it open. 
As he began walking once more, his escort following him, his thoughts were still filled with what Captain Juruz had said and its validity. He hoped that he would never have to face such a situation.
 Chapter 2   
The landscape wasn’t desolate but it was dark. The low hanging clouds were thick and black like fruit swelled by a foul poison, making it difficult for sunlight to descend. Twisted towers and black monuments covered the terrain. The architecture was grand and complex but was also intensely morbid. Life didn’t seem welcome here as if this place was a tribute to death and other such foul ideals. Even the few scattered trees were unnatural, ill-formed things, appearing like the hands of craven giants that had been buried deep within the earth. 
Before the mouth of the largest tower stood a place of stone, a large circle built upon the ground. Like spears upon a slaughtered corpse, a series of misshapen pillars surrounded the circle. They appeared like lurking abominations, peering down at the altar of the circle’s center. 
This was a place many would fear to tread, but the man who sat upon the altar wasn’t amongst them. Morosely he seemed quite suited to a place like this. He was shirtless, revealing a torso of impressive muscle, sculptured so flawlessly it would make marble envious. He wore red pants and well fitting boots, a black and white armband of crosses decorated his right arm and black plate armor covered one of his shoulders. His hair was the color of iron, short and scruffy, like the mangled fur of a feral wolf. A mask forged from a unique red metal hid his face. The mask had little design to it, prompting function over decoration. The mask only revealed his eyes and they were quite a sight to behold, they were much larger than most men’s eyes, huge and intense, the eyes of a constant predator. The yellow of his eyes was powerful enough to pierce the deepest of pits and even with the darkness of the clouds scraping the landscape they stood out. 
On the tip of his smallest finger he balanced a well-made sword without effort. Revealing an inhuman control of his nerves and muscles, as well as strength no man could match. The balancing act didn’t impress the masked figure, because he knew he was no human.  Aneeku was his name and a voice inside his mind had brought him to this place. The problem was he had no idea what this place was. At first that didn’t bother him, he was glad to leave where he had come from, a place that made this landscape seem a paradise by comparison. Boredom was plaguing him, he had balanced his sword countless times and had never been impressed by architecture. There had to be a reason why the voice called him here, a reason he was impatient to know. 
A rotten wind picked up, carrying with it all the scents of this sullen city. It prompted him to look into the distance. He could see the giant outer walls of the city, walls that looked down upon mountains. He could also see movement and that interested him greatly. 
Approaching the altar was a group of men, dressed in tight-fitting black uniforms with swords at their sides, and two staffs crossed on their backs. A murder of crows, Aneeku thought, smiling under his mask, for the image of them moving as one reminded him of those black birds. And this wolf is in the mood for crow flesh!  
He showed no hesitation or stealth as he got off the altar and grasped his sword firmly. He kept a steady pace as he met the approaching group of men.  Slowly Aneeku’s eyes scanned the gazes of the group, he savored the moment, wondering which crow he was going to slaughter first. His eyes moved across the gazes of the flock but they showed no fear of him, each pair of eyes, filled with purpose and resolve, fixed on him as he approached. 
Crows knew to be afraid of him, which meant these men were too stupid to be called birds of death. He titled his head, his movements morbid as he sniffed the air like a beast. Now the men wearing black looked more like vermin, because to him that was what they smelled like.  
“Rats always scurry in packs,” he said mockingly in a low growling snarl. 
In retaliation, the black uniformed men grasped their swords but none drew them. 
The motions of each were identical. Trained to act but not to think, he thought. It certainly suited the behavior of rodents. 
“Who are you calling rats? Not us, I hope,” one asked, and to Aneeku his voice sounded like a squeak of a rat. 
“It’s you who seems like a coward. Take off your mask and then dare to insult us,” another said, his voice just as squeaky. 
“You also seem too stupid to count, because you have failed to realize that you’re outnumbered!” another rat squeaked. “Not that it matters, I’m sure any one of us can take on five of your kind.”
“Ten more like!” Another put it, fixing his cold, steel grey eyes on Aneeku. “And I’ll let you keep that mask on while I show you how that’s done.” 
The rest laughed, but Aneeku paid little attention to their squeaks. It would take far more than that to insult him.  
“Silence. No one will fight here!” One of the men ordered the rest, some of whom were still chuckling. 
The man who issued the order looked at each of his men and Aneeku watched their faces grow tight, their eyes turning to cold steel. They stood back and turned away from Aneeku. As though he wasn’t even there. As though he couldn’t pick off any among them, like they could kill him as easily as any rodent. His eyes wandered over each of them, like a spider across a web of trapped flies, but if they felt afraid none showed it. 
When the men made no movements of their own Aneeku taunted them. “You do know that in order for swords to be used they have to be removed from the sheaves?” 
One of the older men’s lips curled up a little like he was about to laugh, but he stayed silent. 
“What? Oh, I see, your numbers aren’t a big enough advantage for you to attack. Well then let me make it easier for you.” 
He lowered his sword and turned around, hoping his unprotected back would make an irresistible target. 
It didn’t, so Aneeku continued the taunts. “Still not good enough? How about this?” 
He dropped the sword from his hand, and the pang of metal hitting stone seemed to echo all through the city. Aneeku wasn’t concerned if they all attacked at once, in fact he was hoping for it. Yet there was only silence in the air for a long moment, before a single faint sound could be heard. 
Aneeku knew it was the sound of a single step over stone, and slowly looked over his shoulder. One of the rats, more a boy than a man had stepped forward. 
Though his sword remained in its sheave, there was an intense look of defiance in his eyes, which reflected Aneeku’s masked face perfectly. Aneeku felt his lips widen into an appreciative smile, amused by this boy’s utter lack of fear and turned to face him fully. The boy’s eyes held no such amusement, only the cold burning desire to put Aneeku in his place. Well, Aneeku’s place was teaching this boy what it meant to lose a fight. His smile faded beneath the mask.
Neither so much as flinched as they glared at each other, thick tension filling the space between them in the air. Clearly they were both waiting for the other to make the first move. 
“Well at least one of you can think independently, good for you boy!” Aneeku snarled, he was about to taunt the boy by patting him on the head when a voice boomed through the air. 
“Enough of this!” 
Aneeku’s eyes slowly wandered the dark landscape until he saw the owner of the voice approaching. 
The man was older than the others and wore a charcoal gray robe that fell to the floor and was held together by a belt made of thin leather ribbons.  His hair was as black as his eyes, but he moved slowly and deliberately as though he was too old to walk comfortably without a cane. The man’s lips were curled up at the edges as he watched the boy. When Aneeku looked at him to see the effect, he was surprised to see the boy staring back defiantly.  
“Stand down, Protector Kiyarran,” the old man said softly, his arrogant eyes beaming with confidence. Perhaps this newcomer was just a simpleton or maybe he knew something about this boy that Aneeku didn’t. He looked back at the defiant boy searching for some sign that this one was different from the other rodents. 
“Obey the Head Priest, Kae!” the man who issued the command before ordered again. Aneeku noticed that the other men dressed in black were now standing at attention like toy soldiers. But the boy didn’t join them, his hand still upon his sword, a look of defiance in his eyes. 
“Kae?” Aneeku said. “Kae? Kae? Tell me would you like to die?” Aneeku mocked, like he was reciting poetry. Kae didn’t even blink let alone step back. 
“Head Priest, Rhaldan,” the commanding officer turned to the older man. “Would you like us to kill this man?” 
Kae continued glaring at him, but Aneeku was now more interested in the priest. 
“Yes, Rhaldan,” Aneeku taunted, looking up at the priest. “Would you like all your men to die?” 
A moment of thick silence came and went before Rhaldan spoke. “I assure you, masked one, if you want to die I’m certain any of my men can accommodate you. But I see little need for blood.” 
Aneeku now flinched, not because he was scared of fighting Kae or any of the others, but rather because Rhaldan’s voice was clearly not the one that had called him to this place. 
At first glance, Rhaldan had fit the bill. His tone suggested he was used to ordering others around and was just as arrogant as the voice that called him here, but sounded nothing like it. Aneeku may not have known for what purpose he had been called, but that didn’t really concern him, not at the moment anyway. 
After staring at Kae for another long moment Aneeku was drawn back to the priest who spoke more firmly. “You will stand down, Protector Kiyarran!” 
Aneeku looked back down upon the boy, waiting for him to defy the priest’s orders. What Aneeku wanted was for Kae to remove his sword and set off a bloodbath and he hoped the boy could read that in his eyes. However, the desire went unfulfilled as, with a clear reluctance, Kae stepped back, though he kept a defiant gaze upon Aneeku. Aneeku stared back, taunting Kae with intense silence. 
“I now see what you all truly are,” Aneeku began, his eyes crawling over each of them. “You’re not rats, you’re simple sheep! And this must be your shepherd!” he kicked the sword effortlessly back into his hand pointing it back at Rhaldan, which prompted the men to reach for their swords once more. 
The smile grew under his mask, it seemed the threat to the old man had brought strength back to their arms. He didn’t lower his sword as he glanced at each of them before looking back at the priest once more. 
“I see the sheep follow their shepherd well,” he began, before his tone grew rawer. “But surely you must know that a wolf will gladly dine on the shepherd as well.” Rhaldan was no longer smiling, clearly he wasn’t used to his words being challenged. “You say there is no need for blood Rhaldan…well I assure you that you’re mistaken!” 
But before an act of extreme violence could take place, a pair of great beasts soared from the dark sky into the black city. Every eye ascended to the heavens. 
Atop the larger of the two beasts, a golden colored dragon, Atacir Rata gazed at the other villains, calmly assessing their reaction to his arrival. The large green humanoid rat was pleased to see them looking at the dragons in awe. 
Beside him, on a much smaller red dragon with silver wings and spikes, his white haired and very muscular looking human companion, Sampson, was in a state of silent brooding. He had been this way ever since he helped Atacir capture dragons from his home realm back in their world only to be rewarded with the smallest of these dragons. 
The only reason Sampson was helping Atacir now was because the alien general had promised to leave Earth alone if he agreed. Having his own plans for his home planet, Sampson hadn’t been left with much of a choice.  
Sampson looked among the other villains in disbelief. It’s like none of them have ever seen dragons before he thought to himself. Having grown up in a place where dragons were common it was hard for him to believe that many, and actually most, people have never seen a real dragon before and most likely never will either. 
They haven’t, Air Raid, Sampson’s dragon, replied in thought speech. 
Where Sampson came from, all dragons could speak and understand both thought speech and all spoken languages so he wasn’t at all surprised to suddenly hear the dragon’s voice in his head.
Air Raid, having read other thoughts of Sampson’s and feeling a bit insulted because of them, continued, And to someone who has never seen a dragon before I actually am quite impressive. To prove his point the dragon lifted his head and stood as tall and proudly as he could. Sampson remained unimpressed.
Atacir looked over at Sampson and Air Raid. Not wanting to be outdone he forced his dragon, Golden Flame, to do the same since he thought Air Raid looked quite magnificent. Then he took things a step further and for show he forced Golden Flame to breathe fire into the sky.
“Those beasts are quite a sight to behold,” a wretched voice said, slithering forth from seemingly the air itself. Like a ghost from the most haunted place in existence a strange figure appeared from thin air. Two long cloaks of red, hiding a dark purple suit of some kind covered his body. His features were hidden well by a tall red helmet, decorated by spikes and rounded off by a metal brim. 
Temporarily all eyes were upon him, but it was the gaze of Aneeku that was the heaviest. Slowly like something emerging from a crypt the man raised his head, revealing a face only vaguely human. His skin was overly tight and looked like a tanned hide somehow riddled with diseases and curses that bore no name. It was not his long nose or chin, both misshapen and vermiculated, that was offensive. It was his eyes, even Aneeku’s appeared far more human. 
The man’s eyes were larger than Aneeku’s and weren’t circular. They were rectangular, without pupils and glowed a sickly orange. It was extremely disturbing to think of how such vile eyes saw the world. 
They were looking right at Aneeku who wasn’t afraid, merely bewildered. This man didn’t smell human, at least not like any human scent he had ever known. Aneeku turned to face the man fully, showing that he would not be scared off. 
“I am neither a sheep nor a shepherd,” the man began, revealing he had been privy to the prior conversation. No one knew what to make of his voice, it was a much different kind of darkness to the low growl of Aneeku. However it was clearly just as malicious, if not more so. 
Aneeku watched on in silence as the man took his hand from under the cloaks, revealing a finely sown red glove. Strange blue spheres, like a bizarre amalgamation of lightning and flame began to dance on his fingertips. The light of the spheres created blue shadows that darkened his already caliginous features. 
“It seems to me that you want blood to be spilled,” he asked looking Aneeku dead in the eye. “Does that include your own? Why else would you be staring at me?” 
Aneeku was unmoved by his threats, it would take far more than a pretty light show to scare him. 
“I was only staring because I think a face such as yours should be the one covered in a mask.” Aneeku stated smiling under his mask. In response the man smiled back, showing off a set of strange teeth. Neither smile was warming to look upon and for good reason. 
Sampson, still annoyed by the way Atacir had shown off Golden Flame to the other villains and at the way they reacted to this, said, “These dragons aren’t that impressive. There are many more of all sizes where I come from.”
His words were enough to break the smiles of both Aneeku and the man with the rounded helmet. As all eyes fell back upon the dragons and their riders. All Aneeku could think was this Atacir, a giant rat-like creature, actually smelled better than the pack of black uniformed sheep, he had called rodents before. 
“It’s true, there are many others where I come from as well, however…” Atacir said glaring at Sampson, “I don’t believe you would find any dragon stronger, more powerful, and better looking than mine. In fact-- ”
He was cut off by the sight of more villains arriving. Seeing the villain in the lead of the arriving group his eyes widened in fear. “Black Cat!” He exclaimed thinking his superhero archenemy had found him. But when the black cat was close enough for him to see the blood stained claws that had earned the super villain the name of Crimson Claw he relaxed slightly.
“It’s nice to see I’ve only just arrived and am already instilling fear,” Crimson Claw said with a laugh. “But as you can see I am not Black Cat, though I do hope that won’t stop you from being afraid, as I can assure you that unlike that poor excuse for a cat I have no problems killing anyone and I don’t even need a reason to do so.” 
Crimson Claw’s companions, a brown and black Chihuahua with green cat eyes and fangs called Fang, and a black cat with a dog shaped head and short floppy ears called Scratch, stood calmly by their leader’s side. 
Fang and Scratch were both clones that Crimson Claw had created using a combination of Black Cat and Chihuahua’s DNA. They were created for the purpose of defeating the two superheroes. Although they hadn’t yet succeeded, Crimson Claw had found them useful for other things as they were both highly loyal and eager to please. Their willingness to follow orders had earned them the role of Crimson Claw’s constant companions. He took them with him wherever he went. 
A human had also arrived with the three animals. The black haired, yellow eyed, teenage boy wasn’t part of Crimson Claw’s group, he had just traveled with them. On the way, he had discovered the cat and simply came along because he liked to fight and kill which was hard to do in his own world where superheroes were constantly getting in the way. The human, Ryder, understood that problem. Superheroes were also the reason he himself had made the journey to this unfamiliar world. 
Once Ryder had been a wolf-human shape shifter and had joined up with a team of superheroes called Heroes United as the hero Were Wolf in an effort to save his pack from humans. Ryder gave a low, angry growl as he remembered the day he was forced to leave Heroes United. Besides losing his status as a superhero he had gained a new status as a super villain, was given the unfavorable name of Where Wolf, and worst of all, as his super villain name suggested, he had lost his ability to become a wolf. It was taken from him by the superhero that called herself Trixie. 
She had said, “As the Ultimate Shifter it’s my job to make sure that no species becomes too powerful and upset the world’s natural balance.” Ryder scoffed at this memory. If she had really wanted to preserve balance she would have allowed him to kill at least as many humans as had previously killed wolves. In his memory Trixie went on to say, “You have severely misused your shape shifting ability and because of this it’s my job to take it away.” Trixie had then gone on to say that she didn’t want to do it, which Ryder didn’t believe. 
Ryder didn’t know how the Ultimate Shifter had made him powerless and he believed it was impossible to lose his wolf part completely. This was due to the fact that although he couldn’t turn into a wolf anymore he had retained the wolf’s yellow eyes, his fangs, and some abilities such as the super agility, speed, and strength that came naturally to him and many of his type of wolf-human. It’s because of his belief that he was here now. Ryder believed that somehow this world could help him get his shape shifting ability back so that he could return to his pack and finish what they started. 
Ryder looked to the others that had been gathered in this place, he knew Sampson and Atacir as well as the dragons they rode upon. He had little interest in the priest who was accompanied by the soldiers in black, or the strange-faced man with red gloves. But the one in the red mask was a different story. There was something familiar about him, it was a strange familiarity, Ryder knew he had never seen him before and yet there was something there that couldn’t be denied. It was a familiarity that was also somehow foreign. Intrigued by this foreign familiarity, he motioned to speak but was cut off by a new mass arrival of beings.   
A woman sat tall and proud atop a strapping white stallion. She approached from a distance, surrounded by a horde of men. The tide of them seemed endless, and as they made their way across the plain their gruff, feral nature became more blatant.
The men wore red armor, but there was nothing uniform in their appearance. Not a single one of them could claim a matching set of shields or plates, and it appeared as if the majority had complied their meager protection through scavenging the bodies of their victims.  These hard-won trophies had then been painted red, though subsequent cuts from sword, knife, arrow and axe had caused the original metal to shine blue through haggard scrapes.
The men themselves were as haphazard as their armor. To a man they wore bristled black beards, though some were longer and gruffer than the others.  There were those among them who stood upright as men tended to do. Others were hunched over, and still others took to clawing the ground like monkeys, scampering forward as much on knotted arms as bowed legs. Something about the deformity of this last group filled Ryder with revulsion, which only increased as he caught a glimpse of the raging insanity in their eyes. To make matters worse, every now and then, deep in the shadows of the shuffling men, Ryder caught a flash of something white. Though he could make out neither shape nor form, his instinct told him that those flashing splashes of color represented the true teeth of this host.
But as broken as the men were, the woman on the white stallion was the figure of perfection. Her face was a perfect oval and her features aligned in an almost unnatural symmetry. Though she was cloaked in functional, protective armor, the curve of her natural form was still apparent and Ryder felt himself reacting to her presence.
A dragon roared and broke the momentary spell. Ryder watched as the men surrounding the woman stiffened and growled at the beast’s bellow, but the woman only tilted her head and watched the serpent with an appreciative gaze. There was no submission in her manner, but she paused in her advance and lifted her voice.
“I am the Red Lady of Charon,” she said, her voice echoing in the sudden silence in an address to all the gathered warriors. “I require your oath of fealty.”
Ryder smiled at the boldness, “And if we refuse?” he countered.
The Red Lady gave an indifferent shrug.
“Some of my men require sport and some of them are simply hungry, I trust your worthless corpses will fulfill both needs. Those of you that survive will be given to my daughters.”
The white flash appeared again this time accompanied by a high pitched wail.
“You are mistaken,” the red masked one said, stepping forward towards the Red Lady and showing no concern at the screeching sound. Ryder watched him, that foreign familiarity becoming stronger. 
Aneeku showed no fear of this lady or her army of feral warriors, it was quite the opposite, his large yellow eyes were filled with eagerness. “Just because I am wearing red, doesn’t mean I have any intention of joining your army.” The enemy’s numbers invigorated him rather than terrified him. 
He raised his head, sniffing at the air with motions that defied humanity. “I’ll give it to you, that at the least you don’t smell as bad as the shepherd and his sheep…” His taunts gained him hard stares from Rhaldan and the Protectors who served him, but the Red Lady appeared barely phased. 
“Still…” Aneeku began with Ryder wondering if he was salivating behind his mask. “I think your head will roll just as easily as theirs…” Aneeku said, raising his head, his eyes filling with bloodlust. 
His taunt gathered grunts from the Red Army, which only made him smile further, he had rattled them. 
“What do you say boys?” he asked eagerly. “I insulted your lady…what are you going to do about it?” 
His questions were answered by the grunts in the form of raised weapons and fowl guttural voices. To this Aneeku grinned, the bloodbath he desperately desired was about to take place, a fact not lost on the others that were gathered in this place. Rhaldan’s Protectors reached for their swords, and the man with the round helmet summoned the strange blue magic on his finger tips. The dragons both gave roars of war, while Crimson Claw and his two clones readied themselves as well.  
Ryder looked left and right. The groups that had assembled had stiffened in preparation for battle, but Ryder also noticed that the Red Army stretched out as far as he could see in either direction. Swallowing hard, he braced himself for the imminent battle. But just as the forces were set to be unleashed upon one another, there came an order.
“Stop!” The voice could not be defied. “You have not been brought here to fight!” 
The voice, one that felt like it resonated all throughout the wrenched city came from the mouth of the tallest tower, the one built just beyond the altar. Like the most caliginous of spells, the voice gathered the gazes of all of them. From the tower, thirteen beings appeared, stepping in slow morbid steps as if born from shadow. Each of them were dressed in a strange dark blue that shone in a way that none of the gathered had ever seen before. This blue had infected their hair as well, and they all wore styles that were oddly reminiscent of thick heavy chains dangling off of their scalps. The blue had spread further to darken their eyes, making them appear haunted. 
There was something not quite right about the blue, like it was actually a poisonous possession that had no cure. Their skin was a pale green, again its tone was completely foreign to any shade any had ever seen before. Morosely, the thirteen were both elegant and disturbing to look upon. They were like portraits once thought masterpieces, until it was discovered they had been painted using innocent blood. 
“At least…not with each other.” The one who had said this was the most elegant and disturbing of them all. 
He stood in the center of the thirteen, his step always taken before the other twelve. There was a dark divinity to his voice, like he possessed knowledge no one else knew and most would be too terrified to hear. This was the kind of being that demons and monsters would tremble before. All the villains noticed that somehow this being was able to look at each and every one of them while at the same time looking at none. It was a gaze that was both sickening and impressive. 
“It is safe to assume that each of you are wondering what this place is…” the impressive creature continued. “The city built around you is known as Za-xayek, the home of our kind, the Ulnath.” 
He didn’t blink, in fact none of the thirteen did, they all seemed to be staring at everyone and yet no one at the same time. “I am aware that this does not answer all the questions properly, but I hope this will…you now know the city but not the world it occupies. This world is the most unique world ever created, for it is the only world that has a connection to every other world.” He paused again, but disturbingly no one could understand why, as his gaze became more haunting. 
“Some have called it The Shadow of All Worlds. This name describes this world as well as any other name would. But a name is useless without a purpose and I can assure each of you that there is a reason that you have been called here to fulfill, a purpose that we need your help to complete.” 
Silence fell like rain upon the city, as if the sky was purposely descending soundlessness, to give it relief from the being’s overwhelming voice. 
“Are there no questions?” the being asked, the validity of his voice undeniable. “I am quite sure I have any answer you need, for I am the leader of the Ulnath, my name has a purpose as you will soon discover…it is Oos.” 
There was something frightening about knowing this being had a name, like the word was a phrase that should never be spoken. 
“Why should we help you?” The question was asked by the lady in red, the clear commander of the army that had been summoned to this place. She showed interest in this Oos, while her army stared on motionlessly. Oos took another step forward and like a dozen shadows the others followed him. 
“What is it that each of you desire? Wealth, conquest, knowledge, vengeance? These are all just ways of desiring more power, that we can give you.” 
“How?” Crimson Claw asked. His green eyes glowed brightly as he stared at Oos intently. Oos seemed entirely unshaken by the warrior’s stare, nor did he appear concerned by the roar of the dragons before he answered. 
“There is a power in this world, a power influenced by every world ever created, including your own. We know where it is and how to get it…but we simply do not have the resources to claim it for ourselves. That is why we desire your help, if you aid us in collecting it, you shall be rewarded with strength and power beyond anything your own worlds posses.” 
He paused again but this time his intention was clear, he was allowing each of them to conjure visions of their own desires. “Any power that you have ever wanted can be yours…if you do what we ask….” 
It was clear his words had a great affect on those who had been gathered, there were very few that now didn’t wear a smile, grins just as wicked and vile that one would expect from a group of such villainy. 
“Such a notion sounds all well and good,” Aneeku stated, tilting his head, showing his own morbidity. “Except your voice isn’t the one I heard in my head, which means you didn’t call us here? Did you?” 
Now Oos was clearly looking at Aneeku, caring not for the accusation. Rather, a slight smile, like a cut forged from a rusty knife appeared on his face. 
“I did,” every one of the gathered looked back to the mouth of the tower for they each remembered this voice. He who stepped out of that tower kept everyone silent. He was dressed like the Ulnath, and had a similar hairstyle. The strange blue also affected his eyes, but his skin wasn’t green. His features weren’t elegant and disturbing, although they were impressive to look upon. It became clear that he was a young man, a human, but what he was doing in the company of these beings was a complete mystery. Every eye followed his movements, like he was a riddle that even gods couldn’t solve. His steps echoed throughout the silence, sounding like distant thunderclaps of an ancient storm. When he took his place next to Oos, the silence remained. It felt appropriate that since he caused the silence he would be the one to break it. 
“I am Morzu…” the revelation of his name did little to lift the silence. Something dark and troubling was taking place in this city.
Chapter 3
Sampson had mixed feelings about helping the Ulnath. Like most of the villains that had been gathered, Oos’ promise of power was too good to pass up, especially if he came through on it. Sampson had his doubts about this as something didn’t seem right. It all seemed too good to be true, like something he himself might say to get others involved in his own plans. 
As a master liar he could easily tell a lie and no one ever knew it wasn’t the truth until it was too late. He knew others could do this too. His own daughter was one of these people, but even while these doubts were in his mind Sampson knew that if Oos was telling the truth then he would have to be an idiot to pass up this opportunity. But even so he couldn’t believe he was now helping someone else. As if helping Atacir wasn’t enough! 
“What’s wrong with helping?” Air Raid thought to Sampson. “I like to help.”
“So you’re enjoying helping me and Atacir?” Sampson challenged the dragon. In order to keep the conversation as well as the fact that he was having a conversation with his dragon private, Sampson used thought speech to answer. 
“Well…no,” Air Raid admitted.
“Then you understand.”
“Understand what?” 
“The feeling of being forced to help someone you don’t want to.” Sampson didn’t realize it, but he was beginning to form a bond with the dragon.
“I suppose,” Air Raid responded. “Though I think my situation is a bit different.” 
“That’s true,” Sampson thought as his mind began wandering elsewhere. 
Air Raid was under a spell that forced him to do everything his rider asked of him. The only one that could release the dragon of this spell was Golden Flame. The golden dragon was special. 
She was known by most as The Legendary Dragon and had powers that allowed her to control the minds of all dragons and influence them whether positively or negatively. Normally the large dragon was friendly and used her abilities to stop rogue dragons from hurting anyone by calming scared dragons that accidentally travelled between Realms in Sampson’s world. Now thanks to a magical bridal that looked like a horse’s bridal only made for dragons, that was created by a combination of science and magic giving it the power to control any dragon wearing it, Atacir had been able to take control of Golden Flame and use her powers to take control of other dragons. 
Sampson felt a bit bad about forcing Air Raid to act against his will. Although a villain, he wasn’t altogether a bad guy. Sure he wanted to destroy his enemies and kill all wolves because his biggest enemies were wolf protectors, but he really didn’t want to hurt anyone else or force them to do things they didn’t want to do even though he always acted like he didn’t care and would do anything to accomplish his goals which sometimes meant doing things like this. 
“Sampson!” Atacir called angrily snapping Sampson out of his thoughts. By the tone of the general’s voice, Sampson could tell this wasn’t the first time he had been called.
“Sorry, General,” he apologized flying Air Raid up to where Atacir and Golden Flame were hovering. 
“I told you to call me Atacir,” the alien said though he appreciated the respect Sampson showed by calling him general when he apologized. “Now pay attention or we will never capture any dragons.”
“Right Atacir,” Sampson agreed with a sigh.
The two rode in silence for a while, searching for dragons. As they flew through mountains covered by a very light, green snow Atacir said, “Once we capture this world’s dragons the next thing we will need to do is discover how effective they are in battle.”
“How will we do that?”
“Take them into battle,” Atacir replied simply.
“But what if they aren’t battle ready yet?” Sampson asked, “Shouldn’t you practice with them first?”
Atacir turned to look at Sampson. An evil twinkle appeared in his eyes. “You’re right, I probably should.”
Sampson had a feeling he was in trouble now. He was proven right when Atacir said, “And while we are at it we should see how battle ready our own dragons are. Mine should be ready since she is used to battle, but yours…”
With this came a strong feeling of fear. At first Sampson thought it came from himself but then realized it was Air Raid that was afraid. “What are you planning?” Sampson asked Atacir. It had to be pretty bad if his thoughts could make a dragon nervous.
Atacir didn’t reply, instead he switched subjects and asked, “What do you plan to do after we have helped the Ulnath?”
Sampson was afraid to answer at first thinking this was a trick question. Atacir should already know the answer. Eventually he replied, “I plan on finishing fulfilling my duties to you.” 
Atacir laughed. He had actually meant after he was done with Sampson. “That’s good to know. You are loyal, that’s for sure.” 
Not as loyal as you think, Sampson thought to himself. He planned on getting revenge on Atacir for his pathetic excuse for a reward for helping the alien, even though he was beginning to really like Air Raid.
“Do you know what I plan to do once we have helped the Ulnath?” Atacir asked.
“No, what?”
“I plan on taking all my captured dragons back home to my planet. Then you will be free to do whatever you want, but what is it that you want to do?”
“All I want is to have more power than any of my enemies combined and the ability to use and counter every type of magic and ability in existence. In this way I can rule both Realms, and bring all Realms and worlds together as one where they will live peacefully under my rule because there won’t be a choice as I will be more powerful than any human, animal or anything else in existence.” Sampson declared. Then he thought for a moment and added, “Oh, and I also want to kill all wolves, wolf shape shifters, wolf loyalists, wolf protectors, werewolves, and any other wolf like creature and wolf lovers in existence.”
“You really have something against wolves don’t you?” 
Before Sampson could reply and go into any details Atacir spotted three purple shapes in the distance. Hoping they were dragons Atacir forced Golden Flame to fly faster. Without any encouragement from Sampson, Air Raid did the same.
As they got closer Atacir was excited to see that the purple shapes were indeed dragons. To Atacir and Sampson the three looked alike. Sampson wondered if they were triplets or if all dragons of this world were purple or just ones living in this particular area. “Sampson, I don’t know if this dragon can put all three under her control at the same time. She may need to do this individually so I want you to fly up and rope them.” Atacir instructed.
“Rope them with what?” Neither Atacir nor Sampson had brought rope or anything similar with them.
“You brought wands to use magic didn’t you?”
Sampson had stolen wands from one of his enemy’s wizard friend. “Yes.”
“Well, use them to conjure up some rope.”
“Okay,” Sampson said taking one of the wands out of his pocket. Using the wand’s magic he conjured up ropes on all three dragons, which connected together so the dragons couldn’t break apart. The rope he conjured then tied to the horn on the front of the dragon saddle Sampson was using on Air Raid. The saddle being used was different from many other dragon saddles and looked very similar to a western saddle used on a horse.
At first the three dragons struggled against the rope, trying to free themselves, since suddenly being roped together and tied to a dragon caught them by surprise. Then as if planned, and maybe it was, all three dragons breathed in then breathed out and fire began consuming the rope climbing up to where it was attached to the saddle. To keep the fire from damaging the saddle, which Sampson forgot was fireproof, he quickly undid the rope from the horn and dropped it. The rest of the rope was engulfed in mid air. 
During this time Atacir had ridden Golden Flame up to the dragons. Having been glowing while she used her powers, the large dragon’s eyes were just returning to normal when Sampson refocused on the wild dragons. “They have been influenced to follow your dragon and commands” Atacir told Sampson. “When the time comes you will command them to do as I say.”
Sampson magically undid the rest of the rope that connected the dragons together, then ordered them to follow Air Raid. One of the dragons fell into place beside him. Wondering if the dragon was now tame he reached over to it experimentally. The dragon met his movement with a very unfriendly attempt to bite.
Atacir, who had seen Sampson’s interaction with the dragon, proudly said, “These dragons have some fight in them. They will prove to be an asset to my plans.”
Sampson agreed but remained silent. Though he knew the dragons were under his control…for the most part anyway, he still felt a need to keep watch on the new additions. Atacir flew on ahead, taking his place in the lead once more, hoping to find more dragons.  After the experience he had, Sampson secretly hoped they wouldn’t come across any others. Unfortunately for him they came across many dragons as they traveled, all of which showed the same feral nature. Though Sampson wasn’t fond of this it pleased Atacir greatly. 
Chapter 4 
After they left the gathering of other world beings, Head Priest Rhaldan allowed the Protectors to encircle him, thus providing security. The Errent Corps was the best of the best when it came to the order of Protectors, which is why he brought them with him after hearing the summons to this strange shadow world. So, he felt confident they’d be able to protect him should any of the other villains try to attack him. But inwardly he seethed. He’d expected to be the only one summoned, and not just one of many strange and greedy evil men and women, most more beast than human. 
He had let his inner essence, his Life Force, form in his chest and called out his separated self the moment they arrived to this desolate, abandoned city.  His separated self allowed him to feel all that surrounded him, be it animal or human, building or plant, much more acutely. Even though such heightened awareness was far from welcome here, among all these strange bloodthirsty creatures, and greedy men and women, he didn’t dare call it back into his chest.  Should any of them try to attack, his separated self would give him ample warning well in advance.
Second Captain of the Protectors Agara called a halt once they reached a stone walkway that surrounded a majestic building. The building was dark and ominous just like the rest of this strange city. A few intricately carved stone benches stood like cubes along the walkway, though some had crumbled into misshapen mounds of rock.
“I suggest you rest here, Head Priest,” Agara said in a commanding tone, pointing at one of the benches that was still intact. “I will send out a group to scout out a suitable location for us to house in while we’re here.”
“Why don’t you just do that from here?” Rhaldan said. 
Each of the Protectors could use their separated self well enough to explore this entire city, but Rhaldan pointed at Protector Kiyarran. “Have him do it.”
The boy fixed Rhaldan with such an angry glare in his green eyes, and Rhaldan actually felt a surge of heat flash from the boy, but at least he remained silent. He might prove an obedient tool after all. And such fire, with the proper training in obedience, this boy could replace the entire Errent Corps one day. A one-man army, exactly what Rhaldan needed.
Agara turned to the boy. “Do as the Head Priest wants, Kae. But as we discussed.”
“What am I looking for?” Kae asked.
“A place that’s suited for men to sleep in. Something not like this building, which looks more like a museum. I don’t imagine there are too many bed chambers within. ” An old Protector with a scar running down the side of his face said and chuckled. “A building with beds in it would be welcome too.”
Agara silenced him with a wave of his hand. “A place that’s easy to defend too. Few exits, and with a nice, high vantage point.”
Nothing on Kae’s face revealed that he was in fact seeing through his own separated self now, sending it far and wide across the city. The only indication of it was the fact that a body of warmth left their side, replaced by the cool winter air. 
Much sooner than Rhaldan anticipated, the boy spoke. “There’s a tower on top of what seems like a man-made hill. Flowers of black grow around the hill, but not upon it. It is about two miles east.”
Agara’s face slackened as he sent his own separated self to check it out. “Yes, that would be suitable.” 
Rhaldan groaned. Leave it to Protectors to want to sleep in cold drafty stone towers.  But they knew their business, and Rhaldan had more important things to worry about.
“Fine, send a group ahead to claim it,” Rhaldan said and rose from the stone bench. Familiar sounds filled his ears. The clatter of hands reaching for swords, orders whispered on the air: Stay together, secure the hill first, then the tower. 
The red masked one had been right, the Protectors were like sheep and he was their shepherd. Except that this Aneeku would’ve been the one slaughtered by sheep, if he had dared to act on his foul words. 
Suddenly, like black ink spilled from another world into this one, a group of shadows appeared, swimming through one another and quickly taking the form of an Ulnath. The Protectors moved as one, forming a tight ring around Rhaldan, swords slithering across leather like so many snakes. 
Through the gaps between their bodies, Rhaldan could see the Ulnath was dressed like the ones who had greeted them, but he was a stranger to Rhaldan and his Protectors. 
“Our city has much space, there is plenty to go around, no need to stake a claim to that tower,” the Ulnath said. “It is, however, a good choice and you may consider it yours while you are in Za-xayek.” 
The stranger glanced away from Rhaldan as his eyes moved across the Protectors like a knife across a dozen throats. “Your men have such straight backs, they seem suited to sleeping on cold flat places. As for yourself, we can arrange a soft bed to be brought to that tower.”
“Very well, I accept,” Rhaldan said flatly seeing no need for excessive gratitude, something the Ulnath stranger didn’t appear bothered by.  
The Ulnath glanced towards Agara as he said, “Almost every structure in our vast city is built for defense, including that tower. Of that you can be sure. It is the reason why this city has never been taken by an invader…or a disgruntled guest. Knowing that should help you sleep better, I’m sure.” 
The stranger didn’t wait for Agara’s reply before vanishing the way he came, in a fume of Shadow.  
Rhaldan understood what the stranger was indicating between the lines, a warning masked in kind words. But he wasn’t too concerned with the Ulnath. If they were so powerful why would they need the help of his Protectors and the other worlds’ beings. 
Once again alone with the Protectors, his thoughts turned elsewhere.  “Second captain Agara, you, Kae and a few others will accompany me now, as I seek a private audience with our host.”
“Are you sure that’s wise?” Agara asked.
Feeble as the man’s ability to use his Life Force was, he had doubtlessly also felt the morbid lifelessness hanging around their blue and green colored hosts. Rhaldan himself would rather not have to deal with them directly, but he was here at their summons, and doubted they meant him any harm. He was far from sure the same was true of the rest of those they called.
“It’s wise,” Rhaldan said and turned to Kae. “You find him for me.”
The boy peeled his eyes away and heat again evaporated. 
“They’re in the tower that Morzu appeared from,” Kae said a few moments later. 
“Good,” Rhaldan said and started walking. Agara sent about half of the Errent Corps to secure the tower, while the rest once again flanked Rhaldan.
None of the other beings summoned to this world were near the altar as Rhaldan and the Protectors approached it.  Through his separated self, Rhaldan felt the Protectors tense around him.
“Keep calm and do not invite trouble,” Agara ordered his men. 
They reached the altar unchallenged, but as soon as Rhaldan climbed on it, a booming voice sounded from the darkness beyond. “Rhaldan, permission is needed before you may enter this tower!”
Rhaldan cleared his throat. “I seek audience with your leader!” Rhaldan yelled. “I have much to offer and wish him to know it.”
He sent his separated self into the darkness beyond, knowing none of the Ultnath would be able to see it. The separated self was only visible to the man it belonged to. Inside a vast chamber, the green skinned Oos sat beside a strange-blackened stone table addressing the other creatures. 
Through his separated self he watched his message being delivered to Oos. The blue haired creature raised his head, nodding gently.
“You may enter, but leave your escort outside,” the voice said. 
“Stay here!” Rhaldan ordered the Protectors.
Agara stood in front of him as Rhaldan made to walk inside on his own. “You need our protection.”
“You will stay out here and still be useful to me in there,” Rhaldan hissed, cursing the man’s slow wit. “I will not displease these creatures.”
Agara gave a curt nod, and ordered on the air: Separate and follow the Head Priest inside. 
The creature the booming voice belonged to appeared little different to those gathered at the stone black table, save for the overly decorated armor he wore over his garments. Silently, he led Rhaldan to the stone chamber. Oos’ lips stretched out into what he must have thought was a smile. It was at best a snarl, as Rhaldan saw it.
He shuffled over and took a seat by the Oos’ side, taking the seat that seemed summoned just for him. The other Ulnath sat around in silence. 
Oos showed no apprehension about having Rhaldan so close to him. Then again, he had shown no fear of the Red Lady or the mass of monsters that followed her, so why would he be afraid of a single old man? But Oos wasn’t the first fool not to show fear when in his presence. It was a mistake on Oos’ part, though the green skinned creature would never know it. Rhaldan’s plan depended on it.
“I thank you again for your appearance here due to our summons,” Oos said in his guttural yet graceful voice. “We need men of your caliber here to achieve our mutually beneficial goals.”
Rhaldan grinned. “I am sure you are correct in that you need me. But what is your goal?”
“We seek to destroy the last standing human kingdom in this land, and bring it all under our control. Its king, a man called Yadi is quite powerful, though such praise tastes like poison in my mouth,” Oos explained.
 “I have had long dealings with Errant kings.” Aware that the Protector’s separated selves could hear every word spoken, he did not add that his plans to rid the Realm of its king were well underway. Some might run to tell King Ardnan about it, despite the oaths they had all taken to serve the priests.
Rhaldan also knew that his Protectors had once saved this King Yadi, but the idea of mentioning it to this Oos seemed a foolish choice to make, besides he had better words to carve out what he needed.
“I am glad to hear it, it means you will be even more useful to us than simply slaughtering those who stand in our way. Although I am sure your men are quite good at that, but the Red Army and several others will probably take care of that for us.”
“My men are indeed good at slaughter amongst many other talents. And they follow my command to the letter. So just let me know if you need some of them to join the slaughter.” 
To this Oos’ nodded and even though the gesture was simple there was something scary about it.
“In time we probably will,” Oos replied with dead calm. 
Rhaldan needed to solidify his conviction, if he wanted to get his hands on the knowledge of how to destroy King Ardnan back home. He reached out slowly and laid his hand on Oos’ forearm. It was cold and incredibly sturdy, making steel feel soft by comparison. This Oos’ clearly possessed monstrous strength, which seemed fitting considering how he looked. Through his touch, Rhaldan allowed his Life Force to flow into Oos’ chest, and from there into the creature’s mind. Normally when he did this to normal human beings, his own Life Force blended with theirs, giving him access to their thoughts and emotions. With this creature, only a cold, unyielding blackness met his probing touch. 
Even though he could gain no concrete purchase in the creatures mind, Rhaldan had to try nonetheless. I am indispensable to you. Know this, he spoke directly into his mind. I am far more valuable to your plans than all the rest you have summoned here. I will be your private advisor.
His words seemed to bounce off the black wall that was the creature’s mind. This Oos was immune to his Life Force, likely because he had none. It was a worrisome thing, but far from a crippling one. There were many ways to manipulate given time. 
“Have you found suitable accommodations in the city?” Oos asked, nothing in his voice or on his face betraying he had felt Rhaldan’s attempt to influence his mind. The creature’s arm remained unbreakable and cold as stone, just like his mind, under Rhaldan’s hand.
Rhaldan withdrew his hand and leaned back. “Yes, my men are taking care of it. An Ulnath even offered to provide me with a soft bed, for which I am very grateful.”
He kept his face impassive, but he needed to keep Oos as trusting as possible. But his mind reeled as he tried to find another solution to bring Oos under his control.
He studied the creature more closely. Oos’ skin was flawless showing no sign of age or injury, like he were but newly born. Then an idea struck him. Perhaps mere deception would be enough to bring the Ulnath under his control. Just like he would a child.
“Tell me, Oos,” Rhaldan continued. “How can you be sure the others you brought here will remain loyal?”
This plan would mean he’d have to reveal more than he wanted to, but securing for himself a place by Oos’s side was important. 
Oos stared at him blankly, and Rhaldan again felt the surge of annoyance that he couldn’t tell what the creature was thinking. “I trust no one because I do not have to. The power we promised in exchange for aid will be a greater gift than anything any of you have ever received.”
Rhaldan leaned forward in his chair. “I can offer you more than what the others can. I can give you a way to be sure.”
“How?” Oos said simply and Rhaldan saw a faint flash of curiosity in his blue eyes. 
“I cannot reveal that at this time. I will only do so once I have assurances from you that I will be the first in line to receive the rewards you offer.”
“Really?” Oos asked, it was hard to notice but there was an ounce of mockery in his tone. It was greatly strengthened by the laughs the other Ulnath gave. The sounds were sadistic, especially when felt through the heightened awareness of his separated self. It almost made Rhaldan shudder.  
“We will need time to discuss your offer and summon you once we have made a decision. In the mean time why don’t explore the city further. There is much to see in Za-xayek. I believe the Red Lady is doing such a thing right now.”
Rhaldan understood the unspoken message behind his words well. The stranger who had offered him the bed had done much the same thing, the Ulnath were keeping a close eye on their other world guests. 
Rhaldan rose slowly, fighting the urge to try and convince Oos some more. He had to be careful what he said, but that didn’t mean he would beg. “Don’t wait too long.”
“We won’t,” Oos replied, showing no hint how he truly felt about what Rhaldan just said.
While the power of the Life Force wouldn’t work on Oos, it was still very valuable. And perhaps it was better, for the time being, that Oos did not know that he and all his Protectors could send their separated selves to spy on anyone there. The separated selves were invisible to all, yet could hear and see as well as the men who sent them out to spy. Oos’ reluctance to fall in with his plan and heed his demands meant that Rhaldan could first use this secret weapon to find out exactly what the Ulnath had planned for them all. 
Chapter 5 
Lieutenant Ulka stood at the start of the trail, his thick black hair sleeked back, his posture straight and at attention. All around him the once snow covered terrain looked more like a withered blanket littered with holes, allowing the green of grass to stick out against the white, where up until a week ago had covered everything in sight.  
Winter was in its dying days and because of this, his armor wasn’t covered in animal fur, allowing its shine to be seen clearly. Normally he didn’t bother about polishing the steel plates, it didn’t have to look pretty, it just had to keep him safe from enemy attack. Captain Juruz had taught him that. There was no humor in the smile that flashed across his face. Captain Juruz was no longer his teacher, hence why he had polished his armor. He wanted to make a good impression. 
Despite the anxiousness and the fact he was alone, he really didn’t care how long he had been waiting. It gave him an opportunity to admire the sun. With so few clouds in the sky, he could bask in its warmth and glow. Even with all the concerns Ebulon was facing he still felt at peace under the embrace of sunlight. So much so he was slightly disgruntled when he saw the soldier appear from beyond the sloping hills. 
Like Ulka, this soldier walked alone, but unlike Ulka there was nothing apprehensive about his movements. It made sense, for he wasn’t stepping into uncertainty, like Ulka had been. The lieutenant wanted to remain gazing at the sun, it always seemed to calm him no matter what the rest of the world around him was doing. Knowing this wasn’t an option he remained at attention even though the approaching soldier didn’t outrank him. 
“Lieutenant Ulka?” the soldier asked. 
“I am he, I take it you are lieutenant Nemmin?” Ulka asked professionally. 
“That I am,” Nemmin replied. “I apologize for the long wait, but as you can imagine the 7th brigade is terribly busy these days.” 
“Don’t apologize lieutenant,” Ulka replied, glancing towards the sun. “I understand completely.” 
To this Nemmin nodded and the two began moving down the trail side by side. Ulka was looking forward to a silent walk, he needed to gather his thoughts properly. Not an easy thing to accomplish, there was much uncertainty amongst the Ebulon ranks. It had spread like a disease and Ulka had been one of the first officers to catch it.  
 “I must admit I was surprised when I heard that you were being reassigned with us. It is a very rare thing for one of Captain Juruz’s soldiers to leave his command. This must surely be a step down for you?” Nemmin asked.
Ulka raised an eyebrow upon hearing this comment, it seemed he not only wouldn’t get to enjoy silence, but he also wouldn’t be able to speak at ease. This question certainly wasn’t an expected one. 
“Now, I am the one surprised to hear you talk that way about your own unit. I thought those of the 7th brigade were proud of it?” Ulka said.
“Oh that we are,” Nemmin replied, keeping his eye upon the trail ahead. “I mean no offense to Captain Juruz or the brave men and women under his command, but I personally think you are trading up. It is just that I have never met any from your former unit who would agree with such a statement.” 
Ulka decided to choose his words carefully, not wanting tension with his fellow lieutenant. “Are you saying that soldiers of the 1st brigade are arrogant?” Ulka could have sworn that Nemmin was about to smirk. But he didn’t, he remained professional. 
“No but I can understand why you think that,” Nemmin began. “Pride can often be confused with arrogance. The 1st brigade has survived some terrible battles and campaigns, just like the 7th brigade has. Even if your former unit was arrogant they would have a right to be.” Ulka merely nodded. He had accepted that his new unit would see things differently. “So you can understand why I am a little perplexed as to why you changed units? Should we be a little worried that your transfer was approved by Captain Juruz?” 
Ulka stopped his step, his eyes boring into those of Nemmin’s. Ulka was used to such banter with the likes of lieutenant Torrin, because there was no hostility or accusation there, just a level of comfort that fellow unit members had with one another. But Nemmin’s words, while not aggressive, were tinged with accusation. Ulka didn’t enjoy reading between the lines. It was one of the things he was going to miss about not being under Captain Juruz’s command. If he wanted you to tell him something he would be straight and true about it, unlike this lieutenant Nemmin. 
“You certainly ask a lot of questions,” Ulka snarled, wanting Nemmin to know he didn’t care for the question. 
“Not all the time,” Nemmin replied as he slowly began moving again. “I tend to ask only good ones… you misunderstand me Ulka, I am not looking for an argument, I am only asking you questions that Commander Alatearame herself will be asking you soon enough.” 
Slowly Ulka began walking again, trying his best to keep his thoughts clear. 
“Captain Juruz and I no longer saw things the same way, we both agreed that it wasn’t a productive situation for me to be in and so he approved my transfer.” To Nemmin’s ear, the answer sounded like it had been rehearsed to the point that it had become cliché and therefore unbelievable. 
“Is that the entire truth?” Nemmin asked. 
“That is the short of it, yes,” Ulka said, somewhat regretting his choice of words considering Nemmin was a good foot shorter than most men of Ebulon. 
Nemmin didn’t seem to notice or care about the choice of words, although he did stay quiet for a time. It was something Ulka was grateful for, the silence he had craved was his once again. 
Ulka hadn’t lied, but the words had nevertheless tasted like dirt in his mouth. The truth was that the largest part of him didn’t want to leave his old unit. He had spent his entire military life there, and had stood shoulder to shoulder with those men and women and protected his city from all walks of enemy. But like so many in this world he had become a victim of necessity. No matter what else happened he was still a soldier and soldiers needed to be able to trust their commanders, not doubt them. Something he could no longer say about his former captain.  
As the trail began to lead them over the slopes, a series of quarries came into view. Ulka’s new place of assignment was before him now and he did his best not to let out a long sigh. It wasn’t deceitfulness that made him do so. He didn’t want Nemmin thinking that Ulka considered this a step down, because he didn’t. Just a step he once thought he would never take. Before they could begin their descent Nemmin calmly walked in front of Ulka, stopping and turning to face him. 
“Please don’t misunderstand me Ulka,” Nemmin began. “I don’t mean to disrespect you. I am simply preparing you to be apart of the 7th brigade. Commander Alatearame doesn’t like to be lied to and she can usually see through lies as well as most people can see through clean glass.” 
Ulka realized all Nemmin was doing was protecting his unit, he was worried about Ulka getting off on the wrong foot, the 7th brigade didn’t need any deceit in their ranks, it was the very reason why Ulka had left his own unit. 
“I can assure you that I am no liar, therefore I have nothing to worry about.” Ulka replied, the words tasting true in his mouth. “I appreciate the preparation lieutenant,” Ulka said. “I know Commander Alatearame doesn’t mince words, just like Captain Juruz. It is one of the reasons why I asked to be transferred to her unit.” 
“Well, that is somewhat true. She doesn’t like to mince words though not like Captain Juruz.” 
Ulka stood puzzled, but Nemmin had already turned around again. He started walking without further explanation. Ulka didn’t panic, believing that Nemmin was just pointing out that the 7th brigade was a different entity to his old unit and had to be treated and respected as such.  
Apparently this was true, for Nemmin didn’t ask any further questions, meaning that the preparation was complete. They moved down within the quarry and could see the soldiers of the 7th brigade acting as guards, while men and women worked hard laboring in the mines. They could see a commander’s tent set up in the center of the quarry and had gotten within twenty feet of it when Nemmin said, “Please wait here, Lieutenant.” 
Ulka did what was asked of him, watching as the 5 foot tall Nemmin disappeared into the tent. Remembering the points Nemmin had made, Ulka didn’t glance at the sun. He kept his mind as focused as possible, for he was about to make his most important first impression since joining Juruz’s unit. Nemmin did reappear from the tent but not before Alatearame. He followed beyond her like a loyal lieutenant. Her long flowing hair was shackled into a braid, freeing her face to be seen clearly. The first thing Ulka noticed about her was that her armor wasn’t polished, it was dented and banged up. She didn’t need to bother with such superficialities, Alatearame needed nothing more than her well earned reputation. It rivaled that of Juruz’s, even surpassed it depending on who one talked to. 
In that moment he was glad Nemmin hadn’t asked him about reputations, because Ulka wouldn’t have had an answer he would have liked. But seeing the way she moved only strengthened his decision to request to join this unit. There was no pomposity in her expression or step. 
“Lieutenant Ulka,” Alatearame said in her proud voice. Much like Juruz she commanded respect instead of demanding it, which was the main reason Ulka was eager to be under her command. “Welcome to the Ebulonite 7th brigade,” she said grasping forearms with him. 
“Thank you for accepting me, Commander,” Ulka said, wishing he had brought his approval up with Nemmin during their quizzical conversation. 
“It’s rare for one of Captain Juruz’s troops to transfer out of his command. I must admit I am curious as to why you wanted the transfer.” 
Ulka found himself glancing over to Nemmin, who remained at attention. It seemed that Nemmin really had tried to prepare him, even if he was a little tactless. 
“I still have great respect for Captain Juruz,” Ulka replied truthfully. 
“That you should,” Alatearame responded, giving nothing away with her expression. “The man has earned the respect he commands.” 
With those words she turned and began walking. Nemmin indicated to Ulka with only a glance that he should follow one pace behind Alatearame, step for step with Nemmin. Ulka knew nerves were getting the better of him, he shouldn’t have had to be reminded of something so obvious. 
“Captain Juruz and I were once a part of the same unit,” Alatearame said without turning around. 
“I know, Commander,” Ulka replied. “The two of you were once apart of the 4th brigade. You fought side by side in the battle of Vackle, against the dwarf kingdom of Holv.” 
“Ah, Vackle,” Alatearame responded, respecting the memory of that day. “It was my very first real battle and was probably Juruz’s 10th. But we had something very important in common that day, neither one of us had ever faced a dwarf army.” 
Ulka remembered the first time he had ever faced dwarves, and understood the feeling of apprehension. Dwarves were formidable warriors, even a weak dwarf was three times as strong as a powerful man. Dwarves were also one of the few races that had no fear of orcs or goblins. The dwarf kingdoms had driven out most of the orc tribes from the northern mountains, which of course had led to increased raids on human settlements. 
“I don’t think I have ever been that scared before,” Alatearame said truthfully. “I remember one such dwarf had a beard so thick it looked like a red shrub had somehow grown out of his face. It was so thick I doubted my sword would be able to penetrate it. Of course, when my sword removed his head from his shoulders my fear subsided considerably.” She paused a moment to savor the memory before continuing. “I learned many things on that day.”  
“About Captain Juruz?” Ulka asked, having never known Juruz as anything other than a captain. He was curious to discover what he was like when he was a regular soldier. 
“Oh yes,” Alatearame replied. “I learned to respect Captain Juruz on that day. It was also the first day I decided I liked to wield my spear instead of my sword.” 
Ulka noticed Nemmin smiling, but couldn’t understand why. As if sensing Ulka’s confusion she added, “A spear made it much easier to keep out of reach of the dwarf axes.” 
 He had expected this, that this unit was as close as his old one and no amount of preparation could replace experience. It would be some time before he was truly one of them. Wanting to appear unrifled Ulka said, “I understand that sentiment, Commander. I’ve seen a dwarf axe cut through a horse wearing plate armor like a knife through a freshly cooked cake.” 
“I’ve seen that myself many times,” Alatearame replied. “Which is why I am glad we haven’t had to fight any dwarves for a decade.” 
Out of all the commanders of Ebulon, Alatearame had the most experience fighting dwarves, and since dwarves often lived and worked within mines this gave her the most experience with protecting shafts and quarries. Which is why it made sense for the 7th brigade to be tasked with guarding and supervising the many freshly made mines along the countryside. 
“Do you think we have to be concerned with dwarves attacking the mines? I am aware the closest dwarf kingdom is many miles away but they do love gold.” Ulka said, genuinely concerned at the prospect of fighting them. He would rather face ten orc tribes than an army of axe wielding dwarves. 
“They love gold,” Alatearame repeated in a respectful way. “ But that could be said about every kingdom. Rest assured, Lieutenant, the dwarf mines of the north are infinitely larger and richer than anything we could mine for in these parts. It would be like someone who owns their own private lake trying to steal a jug of water.” 
Ulka nodded before he asked, “Do you think that our king would ever command us to raid the dwarf mines?” 
It was a fair question, considering how desperate Ebulon life had become. In answering this question Alatearame glanced over her shoulder at Ulka, but didn’t break her stride. 
“I know how desperate things are for our kingdom at the moment. Unlike a lot of my fellow soldiers, my loyalty to King Yadi remains strong. However, such loyalty would change drastically if our king ever gave me the order to attack the dwarf mines. Speaking of loyalty Ulka, you haven’t satisfied my curiosity about you transferring to my unit?” 
Ulka was thrown off guard by this question. He should have been focusing more on Nemmin’s preparation than his own curiosity. 
“I can assure you it had nothing to do with his loyalty to our king.” The words swam out of his mouth like frightened fish being chased by a shark. It was at best a half truth, Ulka had noticed that Juruz scowled and grunted a lot more when he heard King Yadi’s orders. He still followed them, but in an often begrudged way. Ulka could tell that both Nemmin and Alatearame heard the uncertainty in his voice. Not wanting to strengthen such uncertainty, Ulka didn’t try to retract what he had said.    
“Does it have to do with his dislike of having the townsfolk training in combat?” Alatearame asked, again not breaking stride.
“You understand where he is coming from with his dislike, Commander?” Ulka replied, knowing that such dissatisfaction was felt by many Ebulon troops, not just those under the command of Captain Juruz.  
“I understand completely,” she answered. “I just don’t agree with it. My father was a farmer lieutenant and skilled with a bow. He knew how to take down a rabbit as easily as taking down a stag with an arrow. But he didn’t know where to fire an arrow to get through the armor of the goblins who raided his farm. If he had possessed basic military training, he would’ve known and probably still be alive today.” 
“There is more to it than that, Commander,” Ulka said.
Both Nemmin and Alatearame could tell Ulka was conflicted. “Ever since the battle of Ebulon Captain Juruz changed. The man who was known for being immovable and certain of himself is now anything but.” 
“You lost faith in his command?” Alatearame asked and could hear Ulka gasping. 
He gritted his teeth but remembered what Nemmin had warned him of, Alatearame wasn’t easily lied to. 
“Yes…I…have.” Ulka said, his words as heavy as those of one who had just been told a beloved family member had died. The gravity of it was almost suffocating, he had known it for sometime now, but still found it very difficult to accept.  
“I see…” Alatearame said. The weight of the truth hadn’t been lost on her either, she had a great deal of respect for Juruz and, as a great commander herself, she knew the sinking feeling of the moment when an once loyal soldier loses faith in your command. 
“I cannot blame him,” she said, and Ulka had no doubt she was telling the truth. “The battle of Ebulon changed all of us. That was the first time I had ever seen beings from another world and I can assure you it is something that I will never forget. It changes the way you see the world….” 
It wasn’t something Ulka had thought much about, he had been too consumed by what he had seen during the battle. Like what this Cada Varl was capable of. But others had come to this world as well, others that clearly had left their own impact on Ebulon. Three very strange demi-gods had come to Alatearame’s aid and while they were much goofier than Cada Varl, they too had single handily wiped out an entire orc army. 
“Speaking of that battle Commander, there is something I must ask.” He glanced towards Nemmin briefly before he said, “What does orc taste like?” 
To answer this question Alatearame stopped and turned. “When cooked right…disturbingly delicious,” she said flatly. 
Ulka was surprised when he glanced back at Nemmin to see him nodding in agreement with the Commander. 
The Commander turned back around and continued walking, prompting the lieutenants to follow her. They were making their way towards a makeshift stable where a group of horses were being prepared to ride. 
“Are we to go on a counter-raid Commander?” Ulka asked. 
Though he had great respect for Alatearame it felt strange to be calling anyone other than Juruz commander or captain. But there was much to be done within the quarries and mines. He guessed that was why Alatearame had accepted his transfer request. The 7th brigade had lost a good number of knights during the battle of Ebulon. 
“Not specifically, Lieutenant. We have another destination although we keep a sharp eye out for potential raiders,” she replied as she mounted a particularly fine stallion. “I trust you know what to look for lieutenant?” she added. 
“Be assured I do, Commander,” Ulka replied as he was given the reigns of another horse by one of the several stable masters. Alatearame waited for him to sit upon the stallion before she said, “They say you have eyes as strong as steel, which is why you are able to admire the sun without going blind. At least that is what Juruz told me.” 
Ulka stared at his new commander. “You spoke to Captain Juruz?” he asked, knowing his ‘steel’ eyes were only mentioned by his former captain. 
“Are you surprised that I spoke to your former captain about you? I have to know the capabilities of each soldier in my unit and who better to ask than Juruz?” 
Ulka nodded, “That does make sense.” Still it was an unnerving revelation. 
“Captain Juruz and I may see the world differently, Lieutenant, but I put a lot of stock into his words.” 
“May I ask, Commander,” Ulka said carefully. “What did the captain say about me?” 
She searched his eyes, still seeing the conflict within. “He said that you were a good soldier, one he was proud to have serving at his side. He was also proud that you were willing to admit to him that you had lost faith in his command, and that captains and lieutenants need to trust one another. I agreed with him, I trusted him about you and that is why I accepted you into my unit. I know you’re conflicted, Lieutenant. Respect takes a long time to earn and isn’t easily forgotten. I don’t want you to forget your respect for Captain Juruz.” 
“I won’t, Commander,” Ulka replied truthfully. 
“At the same time you must accept that you are under my command and that I do things differently to Juruz.” 
“I will, Commander,” Ulka replied.
“Juruz was right about you, Lieutenant. You’re not the lying kind,” the Commander stated. 
 Ulka felt humbled as well as a little guilty. Clearly Juruz hadn’t lost faith in him. Now more than ever Ulka wished he could say the same about his former captain. He slowly looked around, and saw Nemmin walking towards the makeshift stable with a handful of armored knights. He was a little alarmed that he had failed to see him leave Alatearame’s side. He had to stay focused, to push the uncertainties out of his mind. He couldn’t let his new commander down. 
While Nemmin and the other knights went mounting their chosen horses, Ulka asked, “Have there been many refugee raids?” 
“More than I would like,” The Commander responded. “But they are decreasing.” 
“Have the refugees stolen much gold?” Ulka asked. 
“They haven’t stolen any,” Alatearame said flatly. “But that isn’t a triumph on our part, considering how hard it is to eat gold.” She took a long breath. Like every other soldier in Ebulon she hadn’t had a good night’s of sleep in quite some time. Quality rest had become a luxury she couldn’t afford. “They are after food not wealth, hard to spend gold on food when there isn’t anyone to buy from. As you know, Lieutenant Ulka, a lot of the food reserves were lost during the battle of Ebulon. We barely have enough food to keep our own people fed.” 
Ulka nodded as he slowly looked around the quarry. Even the guards looked weary and overworked. The people the knights should have been protecting were forced to work for no pay and little food in order to rebuild the weakened treasury. Like his former captain, he was frustrated by such weakness, Ebulon was once the proudest of the human cities, now it was struggling just to survive. 
Alatearame gave the command for the mounted knights to follow her and they did so in silence. 
“Commander, where is it we are heading to?” Ulka asked, making sure to keep a sharp eye out. He felt greatly disheartened when he saw children working in the freshly melted streams, panning for gold while several guards watched over them. Why would you need a spear to watch over a child? He thought to himself. 
“You do accept that you are now a member of the 7th brigade, Lieutenant?” 
“That I do Commander,” Ulka replied, despite his concerns, his words were genuine. 
“Very good,” Alatearame said continuing before Ulka could reply. “We are heading to forestlands just east of here, where a large number of refugees have settled.” 
“Why are we doing that?” Ulka said, clearly alarmed by such a prospect, especially considering there were less than a dozen knights making the trek. He had been amongst the chaos when the refugees were forced from Ebulon. They didn’t go quietly, and desperation had made some of them quite dangerous.  
 “We are going as a sign of good faith,” said the commander. 
“With so few knights?” Ulka had to ask. Considering how desperate the refugees were, he was a little apprehensive by such a prospect. 
“If we went with any more, they would think we were going to attack them. Besides, as you can see, we hardly have the troops to spare.” 
Now Ulka smiled slightly, this tactic was one Captain Juruz would have used and he would’ve explained it just as bluntly as well. The thought comforted him slightly, he was beginning to feel a little less apprehensive. He even shared a mutual approving nod with Nemmin. 
As they passed the final slope of the series of quarries they could see the forestland. Ulka was a little alarmed by how close it was. 
“Commander, forgive me, I don’t mean to talk out of turn,” he said. “But are you not worried that having the refugee camp so close gives them too much opportunity to raid the mines?” 
“The notion had crossed by mind,” Alatearame admitted. “But with winter almost gone and spring upon us it was the best place to settle them.” 
Ulka narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. “You mean you allowed them to settle there… Commander?” he asked. 
“Indeed I did,” she replied. “With spring upon us there will be plenty of game for them to hunt as well as bloom fruit to eat.”  
“Does the king know about the camp?” Ulka asked. He could feel the eyes of the other knights upon him. Clearly they weren’t impressed by his tone. 
Alatearame turned her horse around to look him in the eye, prompting everyone to stop on the spot. Ulka needed the question answered, for he had heard no reports of refugee settlements, especially ones forged by Ebulon commanders. 
“Not yet,” Alatearame said. “But he will in my next report. You must understand that I was given command to look over and maintain the production of the mines. Raids by refugees were a threat to the mines and so finding a place for them to settle was paramount. Gold and silver production has increased, I assure you. The faster we get the gold and silver the faster Ebulon citizens can return to their homes and way of life.” 
She didn’t wait for him to respond as she turned her horse around and continued at a slow gallop. A petty officer would have demanded that Ulka apologize for his tone, but Alatearame wasn’t petty and Ulka’s respect for her rose yet higher.  
All the knights now followed her once again.
“The refugees aren’t going anywhere, there are no other human kingdoms left in this world,” she continued. “The elves and dwarves certainly won’t take them in. Nor can Ebulon simply wait for them all to starve to death. Well, perhaps we could. There are days and times when such cruelties are needed in order to survive, but such cruelty isn’t needed here, even if times are desperate. Better to be on good terms with them.” 
Ulka turned the explanation over in his mind. The truth was the Ebulon army was the weakest it had ever been in the city’s history, they couldn’t rely on military strength like they used to. Now, more than ever, tact was needed. 
“I understand,” he said, knowing his commander wanted a response.  
They moved in silence for a short while, each man and woman ensuring they appeared professional. Clearly it was important for the refugees not to see any weakness amongst them. 
They continued down from the mountains towards the forestlands. The entire time they moved at only a slow gallop, for they didn’t want the refugees to think they were charging against them. Though Ulka respected and understood why they were doing so, he remained a little concerned. He didn’t like the idea of being so vastly outnumbered by a potential enemy, and as great as a warrior as Alatearame was, she was no Cada Varl. If the refugees did turn on them there would be no red eyed man to save them. 
With the quarries now squarely behind them they could see the forestlands just ahead of them. Alatearame was about to speak, when the chilling sounds of screams filled the air. 
Ulka could see the hardness enter the minds and bodies of his new companions. Any idea of levity was quickly cut away. 
“The Sack Swords?” Nemmin asked as each of them peered towards the looming forest. 
The trees were too thick to see though, yet the screams made it clear what was happening within those woods. 
Chapter 6
	He had come to be known as Kalen, though that was not the name his birth mother had given to him. The truth was that he remembered little of his youth.  Occasionally the fragments of a memory flashed behind his eyes. Maybe it was a woman’s face, or a child’s, but these images were fleeting and with the passage of time they grew more meaningless and infrequent.
	There had been a time when he focused on these memories and tried to make sense of them, but the effort seemed to call a mind shattering headache down like a bolt of lightning, so he had quickly learned to let the images pass.
	He had a new mother now and she was everything to him. Mother, lover, queen, goddess—she was the Red Lady, and he need do no more than consider her name to be filled with an all-encompassing sense of purpose.
	Kalen paused in his contemplations to sniff the air.
	Smoke filled his nostrils, rich and dark: hot with the fires of conquest.
	He smiled, and his teeth shone like stars deep within the dark field of his bushy black beard.
	There was no sweeter fragrance than the smell of smoke. Kalen inhaled deeply and the elements of the scent separated themselves into their fundamental components: conqueror’s sweat, raging heat, and human flesh.
	The smoke from a burning body had a different aroma than that of any other substance.  It was brutal and barbaric, but there was also a sweet delicacy to it.  The picture that came to his mind was that of a rose turned to ash. Utterly destroyed, but yet the essence absolutely preserved; hanging on for one pitiful moment in all its complex glory until a wind stirred up to scatter the pitiful shadow into oblivion.
	Kalen reached out to brace himself against a tree. The armor that he wore was a mismatch of plates scavenged from a dozen different corpses. He had splashed red paint on the articles where he could, but the scrape of swords had largely ripped the color away.
	No matter, he thought grimly, the hue will soon be replenished with the stain of blood.
	All around him, Kalen could sense rather than see his bretheren of the Red Army.  The clouds of billowing smoke obscured his vision and the screams arising from the encampment ahead confused his senses, but he could feel their presence. Their elation buoyed him, reflective, as it was, of the pleasure his actions were bringing to the Red Lady.
	But as he pushed his perceptions outwards, he noticed another presence.
	There were humans on the fringes, waiting and watching with barely concealed contempt.
	As eager as Kalen was to rush forward and join the carnage ahead, he paused and gave full attention to these other players.
	They were a group of knights. Kalen assumed they must be the guardians of this strange land where the Red Lady had taken them. He squinted his eyes as his mental focus strained to get a better picture.
	They were old, small in number, and overall possessed of the human weakness Kalen had long since dispensed in his own character.
	The only thing he respected about them was their rage.
	As he attuned on them the image grew more and more clear.
	They were watching from a distant hill. They could see the smoke and the flames.  They could hear the screams, yet they did nothing.
	Too few, too few, too few...
	The words echoed in Kalen’s mind, and suddenly he was brought with a snap back to his current surroundings. He tipped back his head and roared into the crackling chaos of agony and popping flames.
	“Watch from the hill cowards,” Kalen shouted as he resumed his progress towards the small gathering of refuges he could sense lay just ahead. “Watch from the hills and see your own fate play out before you!”
	With that, Kalen called upon his muscles to propell his great bulk forward with bestial power. Branches slapped against his haphazard armor and snapped off as he accelerated to the fray.
	With every step, the sensory stimulations grew to an almost sensual frenzy.
	His brothers had already pierced the outer ring of the refugee settlement. Kalen passed the remnants of makeshift weapons that had been discarded amongst the ash as the ineffective resistance had been annihilated.
	As he charged forward, he came across crude canvas tents, some ripped to pieces, others still standing. Kalen drew his sword and lashed out at the undefiled structures, tearing holes in the outer skin and peering inside in the hope of catching a glimpse of something soft.
	His search came up empty, but the cries ahead directed him, and soon he came upon the last living mass of the refugee settlement.
	A score of men and women huddled in a crude circle. They brandished farming utensils with pointy ends and terrified faces that made Kalen cough with laughter.
	All around them stood the soldiers of the Red Army. They had their quarry contained, and were merely waiting for their numbers to swell before crashing down like a tidal wave.
	As Kalen arrived at the fringes of the circle, he felt the mental order to delay and began to slow his momentum. But no sooner had he arrived at the perimeter than the order was reversed.
	“Attack!”
	The sound echoed in his mind and Kalen picked up speed to charge headfirst into the fray. The last ten yards between the ever flowing forest and his opponents evaporated in a dreamlike eternity. Kalen reveled in the anticipation, and it was almost as if the Red Lady herself had decreed he should have the first bite of this tasty morsel.
	She had bid his brothers stay to wait for his arrival!
	His heart surged with passion, love, and insane rage.
	Then he was upon the refugees. The first was a weak-armed farmer who had the temerity to brandish a pitchfork at Kalen. Kalen didn’t even bother to dodge the thrust.  He took a prong in his arm just to feel the sweet bite of reality. The farmer’s eyes widened as Kalen brought his sword down in an overhead arc that split the man’s head all the way down to his nose.
	Kalen’s assault was soon followed as the other members of the Red Army closed ranks.  Soon the spray of blood perfumed the air in an orgy of sensual perception.
	Kalen went to work, laying about with bestial chops that separated limbs and life from a score of pitiful bodies.
	A small corner of Kalen’s mind took note that there would be no recruits from this encampment. The blades, claws and teeth of his brothers would leave nothing but tufts of hair and cubes of meat to mark this meek resistance.
	No matter, he thought as his blade took another farmer in the cheek and separated the top half of his head from his body, there will be more encampments—there will be other recruits.
	Once again he felt a wave of fury from the watchers on the hill.
	Once again he tilted back his head and roared with laughter.
	He enjoyed provoking weak things.
	He enjoyed watching their pride turn to sniveling terror as they were made to understand that they lacked the power to oppose him.
	They did not know the truth yet.
	But they would learn.
He smiled in anticipation of watching the awareness be reflected in their slowly dimming eyes. 
Chapter 7 
Torrin stood alone on the city wall looking out into the world beyond. He could feel the short bladed knife in his hand. Running his other hand over his scalp, he knew the knife wasn’t needed, there wasn’t a single stub of hair that had to be shaved. The knife wasn’t that sharp, he had used it to shave his head almost every day for the last two weeks. It was an act of boredom, because that is what he was, bored and stir crazy. 
To Captain Torrin, the joining of the words didn’t sound right in his mind or on his tongue. He had spoken to only a few about his true feelings. It was a promotion, and he should be happy, but he wasn’t. Only two and a half months ago he was lieutenant Torrin under the command of the great Captain Juruz. Now he was captain of the whole city guard. But he felt no pride in the promotion, because, frankly, he didn’t feel he deserved it. He had only gotten it because too many captains had died during the battle of Ebulon. The promotion was his only because he was able to survive. His survival wasn’t due to anything great he had done either, he had simply watched on his horse as a single figure slew thousands of orcs. He now felt the irony to his promotion now, his only real accomplishment during that battle was the fact he watched a great hero fighting. It seemed fitting that his promotion now led to him just watching as well. 
There was more to it than that. He wasn’t ignorant of the fact that Ebulon was still recovering. He would have to keep a sharp look out on the world. There was a strange kind of conflict inside of him, boredom and concern. Bored because nothing was happening and concerned because anything could happen at any movement. Even though he knew how weak Ebulon was, there was a part of him that wished that something would happen, that an enemy would arrive and he would be forced into battle. He didn’t like the idea of fighting for fighting’s sake, but he just didn’t feel comfortable standing around, doing nothing more than watching. 
He could feel his hand go to his waist, gripping upon something familiar at his side. He didn’t have to look down to know what he was gripping, old habits were never completely done away with. He hadn’t smoked from his pipe in about two months, he just didn’t crave the taste in his mouth like he once had. It was also a reminder of one of the last things Juruz had taught him before he got his promotion. That weed dulled the senses. Boredom seemed to be playing tricks of its own with his mind. The air was always near silent and once in a while he swore that he could have heard the pounding of the orc drums. But they were always an illusion, the old part of him, the part that he truly was, wanted to be on some field fighting, not watching a defrosting landscape. It was with these thoughts in his mind that something did come into view. 
It wasn’t an army of orcs or a horde of desperate refugees, it was a single figure. At first glance Torrin had mistaken the man for an Ebulon solider. He was dressed in animal skins, the way Ebulon soldiers dressed during the heart of winter. But the cold season was coming to an end and the animal furs appeared out of place. Torrin had also been around enough soldiers to know that there was no armor under the animal skins. The man carried several weapons that even from this distance actually appeared more like hunting tools. The man also didn’t walk like a soldier, which led Torrin to think that he was a refugee. As he came closer to the city, Torrin saw that the man was in his early twenties. Brown wild hair covered his head and a short scraggy beard covered his strong cheekbones. He was clearly weary and disheveled but apart from that he was quite normal looking. Save for his eyes, they were a very dark green, darker than any green eyes Torrin had seen before. 
“Someone’s coming,” a voice said in Torrin’s ear. He recognized the voice as belonging to one of his lieutenants. It was obvious someone was coming, Torrin was looking the man straight in the eye, who was staring right back.  He now wondered if Captain Juruz had thought the same thing he was thinking now when Torrin used to say such things into his ear. 
“I think this man might be a refugee,” the lieutenant said. 
Torrin had come to the same conclusion, but he knew there was more to the statement. He wasn’t the only guard of the city who was becoming restless. Out of boredom a number of guards would have loved to force the man away from the city, a way to kill a few minutes. But Torrin showed restraint. This man looked rather fatigued. 
He waited until the man was right at the gate before Torrin asked, “What business do you have here?” 
“Is this Ebulon?” the man asked in a weary-strained voice. 
Torrin could tell that wasn’t the man’s regular voice, this was a voice effected by the harshness of winter. He was also surprised by the accent of the voice, which he could only describe as foreign. It didn’t sound like the accent of any city Torrin had visited in his life and he had visited many. 
“It is,” Torrin replied, noticing the great sense of relief in the man’s eyes as he bowed his head and took a long sigh. “I must insist that you state your name and what business you have with the city?” Torrin asked, feeling a little sorry for the man. 
“My name is Edo Volis,” the man replied, clearly struggling to raise his voice. “A voice, identifying itself as one King Yadi called to me. It said that a kingdom called Ebulon was in desperate need of my help…” Torrin exchanged a quick glance with his lieutenant, neither had received news of this. “The voice said that Ebulon was under attack from an army of something called orcs?” Torrin and the lieutenant exchanged another glance of confusion. 
“That battle was over three months ago?” The lieutenant said, more out of confusion that accusation. Edo Volis shook his head, seemingly in embarrassment before he answered. “I apologize for how late my arrival was, I got lost in the mountains and only recently has the snow weakened enough for me to come to this city.” 
Torrin took a long breath before he said, “You survived all by yourself in the mountains for three months?” 
“Barely,” Edo Volis replied. 
Torrin understood now why he looked so disheveled. 
“Open the gate,” Torrin commanded in a raised voice. 
Silently the lieutenant followed him as he descended the stone walkway. When the gates opened Edo Volis didn’t go inside. He had never been to another city, outside of the Denarchia capital. The sheer size of Ebulon, the impressive architecture of its walls and buildings amazed him. Even from outside the gate he could see a tower, a massive great white structure that dwarfed anything his humble homeland had to offer. He wondered if the capitals of Sonnep and Opacon were this grand? 
He put his own daydreams to an end when the bald headed man and his follower came into view. Edo Volis did his best to stand at attention, but his back was sore and weak. He wanted to make a good impression on the Ebulon soldiers, hoping his gestures were respectful. 
“Welcome to Ebulon, Edo Volis,” Torrin said. 
“Thank you…” Edo Volis replied. 
“Lieutenant…Captain…Torrin,” Torrin explained, old habits really were hard to do away with.
“Thank you for welcoming me captain.” When the captain nodded all Edo Volis could think about was a comparison between this captain and Commander Namil. They were both proud and powerful looking, but this Torrin didn’t seem as sure of himself. It was subtle, but he didn’t seem all that comfortable with his own title. 
“Lieutenant, send word to our king about Edo Volis here, make it clear that this man survived winter in the mountains by himself in order to come and aid this city.”  Torrin said. 
“Yes Captain,” the lieutenant replied, a little disappointed that he hadn’t been ordered to force Edo Volis from the city. 
Before the lieutenant had taken a single step Edo Volis stopped him. “Please wait a moment!” The desperation of his weary voice was enough to make the lieutenant abide the request. “Look I am not sure how important this is, but I think you should know that I saw a number of monsters in the mountains.” 
“How do you mean?” The captain asked after sharing a concerned glance with the lieutenant. 
“The only way I can describe them is giant flying lizards, one of them even breathed fire.” 
To this the lieutenant only looked perplexed. 
“I believe he is talking about dragons,” Torrin said, now having no doubt this Edo Volis had come from another world, everyone in this world knew what a dragon was. He understood the confusion that his lieutenant had, it was the same confusion he felt during the battle of Ebulon when Cada Varl didn’t know what an orc was. 
“How many of them were there?” Torrin asked. 
“I couldn’t tell for sure Captain,” Edo Volis replied. “I could only see them from a distance, there was at least three but there could have been more, I might have been able to get a better look if I had gotten closer…” 
The fear in the eyes of Edo Volis only strengthened his claim. Dragons imbued a certain kind of fear in most people, regardless of what world they came from. 
“Were they heading in this direction?” the captain asked. 
“I don’t believe so,” Edo Volis said. “They seemed to be heading deeper into the mountain ranges.” 
To this both the captain and the lieutenant nodded. 
“We have nothing to fear from them then,” the lieutenant said for it sounded like normal dragon behavior. The lieutenant was about to go to the king when Edo Volis asked. “Are these dragons normally ridden?” 
The question sounded strange in their ears. “What makes you ask that?” Torrin asked, half confused, half concerned. 
“I could see at least two creatures riding them, the biggest dragon, one covered in golden scales had a strange harness, there was something odd about it.” Edo Volis could tell something major was wrong by how the two of them were now looking at each other. 
“That isn’t normal,” Torrin said. “Be sure to inform the king of this as well lieutenant.” 
“Yes, Captain,” he said before turning and walking away. 
“Come,” Torrin began. “It looks like you could use a bit of a rest.” 
Edo Volis nodded, much appreciating the gesture. “Thank you…Captain.” 
“Feel free to call me Torrin,” Torrin replied, now that they were alone and he didn’t need to be so professional. 
Following his gestures Edo Volis walked under the gate and accompanied the captain as he moved around the nearest corner. Once inside the courtyard Edo Volis took a better look at the many stone walkways, more impressed by each one he saw. The city was wounded without a doubt, a hellish battle had occurred here. This part of the city wasn’t too bad off, but even from this courtyard he could see damages only war could bring about. While Edo Volis was embarrassed that he hadn’t arrived in time for the battle, a small part of him was relieved. This city was absolutely enormous, what kind of army would ever be willing to attack it?     
“Have a seat,” the words broke Edo Volis out of his daydream as Torrin patted a simple stool for him to sit on. Before the captain sat on an identical stool he poured liquid from a jug into a large cup that occupied the top of a simple table. “This is Vaas,” he said, offering Edo Volis the cup. “Our local ale, not much in terms of taste but it will help to warm you.” 
Edo Volis had never been much of a drinker and in truth he would have preferred a large jug of water; but not wanting to be rude, he took the cup without complaint.
“Thank you,” he said. 
“Be sure to drink it slowly,” Torrin added to which Edo Volis obeyed. Torrin was right, it wasn’t great tasting, but already Edo Volis felt warmer. 
He lifted his head, resting it against the stone wall. It had been three months since he had gotten a good night’s sleep. Even the stool felt like a throne, considering he had spent the last three months on nothing but snow and rocky stones. Torrin could see his weariness, but boredom was a beast he had been struggling with for a number of weeks. This man, this Edo Volis was a window for him to look through, a window that he might not have gotten a chance to look through if he waited for his lieutenant to return. 
“I must say it is quite an impressive feat for someone to survive alone in the mountains in the harsh of winter.” Torrin said helping himself to a mug of Vaas. 
“More luck than skill, I feel,” Edo Volis said. “But I thank you for your words.” He added remembering his manners. 
“Being trapped in the mountains for three months isn’t something I consider a lucky occurrence.” 
“That’s a good point,” Edo Volis said, his eyes as heavy as stones. 
“So you’re an archer?” Torrin asked before taking a swig of Vaas, needing to keep this man awake. 
With only one eye open Edo Volis stared at the captain before he replied, “I am decent with the bow on my back, but I wouldn’t call myself an archer at least not a good one.” 
Torrin nodded quickly studying the many knives on the Volis’s belt. 
“Knives are more your weapon of choice?” Torrin asked. The question was like another arrow, helping to subdue the beast known as boredom further.  
“These aren’t really weapons,” Edo Volis replied, fighting the urge to drift off. He knew himself a better conversationalist than this, but the months of isolation and drain on his body had rid him of such ability. “These are tools, I am a tanner and skinner by trade.” 
Torrin nodded again, he had a suspicion the knives weren’t forged for battle. 
“I take it those are the skills that helped keep you alive in the mountains?” Torrin asked, finding much interest in this man from another world.  
“That they are,” Edo Volis said, taking a long breath, not meaning to be rude, but weariness was getting the better of him. Torrin could see this, but he was keeping him awake for more than killing his own boredom. 
The truth was Torrin wasn’t sure what the king’s orders would be. Ebulon was facing a time of uncertainty and hardship and the only certainties seemed to be discourse, hunger and frustration. There was a chance that Torrin may yet have to remove Edo Volis from the city. A cruel notion, one that would’ve been crueler if he had allowed Edo Volis to enter the desperately needed slumber for only a few moments before waking him up again. Not liking such a chance Torrin decided to distract his mind with a question he always wanted to ask someone from the other worlds.  
“May I ask why did you answer the call? Please don’t misunderstand me I am grateful that you came when King Yadi asked for help, I am just curious as to why?”
“You wouldn’t help someone when they asked for aid?” Edo Volis asked. 
Torrin chalked up his frankness to weariness and thought about the question. 
“Truth be told, Edo Volis,” he began. “I wouldn’t really know what I would do if I heard a voice from another world asking me for help. There is a part of me that thinks I would, but there is a part of me that questions it. Until it happens to me I cannot give you a true answer.” 
Edo Volis nodded, still with heavy eyes.  “So this is actually another world? Not just a far away land?” Edo Volis asked, his own curiosity fighting through his sleepiness.
“Yes it is,” Torrin replied with a nod. 
Edo Volis took another sip of Vaas, not particularly enjoying its taste but embracing its warmth. “Well I don’t feel so foolish about getting lost then. Still I wish I had arrived in time to help, but I am glad to see that the city survived.” Torrin could tell that his tired words were genuine, which only made him hope more that he wouldn’t have to force Edo Volis out of the city. “Knowing that, it just makes my own homeland seem all the smaller,” Edo Volis added. 
Edo Volis yawned with a mouth as wide as a hungry snake’s, his eyes were heavy and glazed yet he forced them to widen and concentrated as best he could. “It was the tone of King Yadi’s voice…” He paused trying to think of the best word. “It wasn’t so much the desperation, it was more the genuineness behind it. I could tell that your king wasn’t a man who often was desperate. The voice kind of reminded me of Commander Namil, the commander of Denarchia’s army.” 
Torrin didn’t press him more, realizing that Denarchia must have been his homeland, plus clearly Edo Volis was so tired he didn’t realize that he had already answered the question. “But more than that…” Edo Volis began. Torrin noticed that he took a longer drink of the ale before he continued, clearly an uncomfortable memory was entering his mind. 
“I know what it feels like to have an enemy at your door, an enemy that is greater than any you have ever faced…” His eyes then appeared distant, the memory consuming him.  “I liked to think that if I had the power to call for aid, people would’ve answered it.” 
He took another long drink, but his eyes remained distant, something was troubling him. 
“Even though you didn’t arrive in time, I am grateful that you made the effort as I am sure King Yadi will be. Your bravery and strength deserve to be admired.” 
“I thank you captain,” Edo Volis said, now seemingly concentrating more on the conversation at hand. “But to be honest with you I don’t know if my strength should be admired…” 
“What makes you say that?” Torrin asked, taking another swig of Vaas, getting lost in the conversation. 
Edo Volis licked his lips, keeping his head resting on the wall. “May I ask do you have wolves in this world?” 
“Indeed we do,” Torrin replied. 
“Do you have tigers?” Edo Volis asked, realizing a better analogy. 
“Yes,” Torrin said listening carefully. 
“What would you call a tiger that only hunted rats? Sorry do you have rats?”
“Indeed we do, I think they are a plague in just about all worlds.” 
To his clever response Edo Volis just nodded. “A tiger that goes only after rats, isn’t a brave beast.” 
“Maybe, rats are the only things for the tiger to eat,” Torrin replied. 
Edo Volis nodded, “I suppose…but still you wouldn’t know if that tiger was brave or not…” 
	“Are you saying you had only had rats to eat?” Torrin replied, adding to the analogy. At first he thought that maybe Edo Volis didn’t understand, but the look of that memory returned to his eyes, devouring the weariness like flame to spider web.  
“Only once did I face something other than a rat…” As he said this Torrin noticed how his hands shook slightly. “…I once had to face a dragon…” 
Torrin noticed just how quickly Edo Volis took a long drink of Vaas after saying this. “Not a dragon like the ones you have in this world, but something as terrifying as a dragon, something that would make even a tiger shiver in fear.” His hands shook slightly as fear slowly filled his eyes. “My dragon wasn’t of scales, but his skin was just as corrupt…” Clearly he was afraid and Torrin sat in silence, watching as the fear crept over him. 
Edo Volis remembered all too well the eyes of Voak, those awful inhuman rectangles, the strange marks on his face, how twisted his features were. Try as he might Edo Volis would never forget what he looked like. He found himself closing his eyes, slumber demanding it not be ignored, even with his thoughts so troubled. But in place of the darkness of his eyelids he saw Voak. The image was vivid and powerful as Voak looked upon him with the most twisted smile. A gloved hand slowly rose and pointed towards Edo Volis. A gasp fled from his lips as he wretched forward his eyes as wide as a full moon. 
Slowly he looked down and saw that his hands were trembling violently, the Vaas spilling over the rim like larva from an angry volcano. He could feel the sweat gently trickle down his face as the sound of his own breathing became like a drum. His heart was beating like a thousand thunderclaps. The image of Voak was so real, so vivid, so terrifying. Something was very wrong, Voak was gone, Edo Volis had seen to it personally. He had slew his dragon and while the dragon occasionally still haunted his dreams, that image was something else…that image felt more than a memory. 
Torrin sat quietly. At first he thought the Vaas might have gone down the wrong way, those who weren’t use to its taste often made the mistake of chugging it down. But when he saw the look in Edo Volis’ eyes he knew it was something else, something much more worrisome. 
“But you faced him?” Torrin asked, now needing to know if this Denarchian Dragon was dead. Very slowly like a creaking door being opened Edo Volis looked to Torrin. He said nothing, but his eyes spoke many sentences. Torrin sat very quietly, he had seen battle fatigue plenty of times before. This wasn’t weariness, this was a dark kind of fear, one most men never wanted to experience, including himself.    
It was a very long moment before Edo Volis responded. “I did…” he began slowly. Sounding as if he had just woken from a nightmare that still lingered in his mind. Edo Volis looked away, his eyes becoming more distant than Torrin had ever seen them. Torrin’s question fueled his thoughts, he had faced his dragon. Voak was nothing more than a bad memory, but that image when he closed his eyes, it felt far more than just a conjuring. He then took another long drink of the Vaas, even it couldn’t warm him from the chill of fear.  
“That is one dragon that I hope stays dead…” Edo Volis said, his voice distant and unsure. Torrin didn’t know what to make of it, but he didn’t want to push the matter further. This man had survived winter in the mountains, the last thing he needed was further fear. 
A needed distraction came in the return of the lieutenant. “Captain,” the lieutenant began. 
“Yes?” he replied. 
“I have been informed by the king to tell Edo Volis that he is grateful that he answered the call when the city needed him. He informs me to tell you sir, that Edo Volis is allowed to stay within the city until he has recovered enough to return home. The King sends his apology that he was not able to meet with you himself for he has many matters to attend to.” 
Edo Volis simply nodded, he had heard the words but was now thinking about that image. “The king requests an answer to a question Edo Volis. Of the beings that were riding the dragons? Was one of them a snow leopard.”
“Edo Volis?” Torrin asked. 
Very slowly Edo Volis looked to Torrin before looking back at the Lieutenant, he heard the question but clearly his mind was consumed by internal strife. 
“A snow leopard is a four legged…” Torrin began slowly.
“I know what a snow leopard is,” Edo Volis replied not caring about the strangeness of the question. “I am reasonably sure that one of the riders was a human but the other one…” he shook his head. Torrin now leaned in, curious as well as concerned. He had been so interested in Edo Volis that he had forgotten the dragon riders. “The only way I can describe it is it was a big green rodent…” 
Torrin and the lieutenant exchanged more glances of confusion. 
“Very well, I shall inform the king of that.” the lieutenant said. Torrin noticed a flash of anger in the lieutenant’s eyes as he added, “The king also apologizes that he cannot offer you more than a warm stew and a somewhat comfortable place to sleep.” 
Torrin understood his anger. The city was desperate enough without one more mouth to feed. Not to mention that a warm stew and a place to sleep was all the Ebulon soldiers had to show for their services. But Torrin agreed with the king’s decision and was grateful for it. He couldn’t help but respect this man, not just because he had come to aid the city for no other reason than being asked. But because he had survived the winter in the mountains. He may have been disheveled, he may have been so weakened by the experience that he couldn’t be of much use military wise. But much like Ebulon itself, he had survived a terrible ordeal, he had faced certain doom and lived to tell about it. That was something that Torrin as well as every Ebulon soldier could easily relate to.   
“That is more than fine. Please tell King Yadi I am grateful for his hospitality.” Edo Volis replied. 
The lieutenant barely acknowledged his words before turning and walking away.  Torrin could tell Edo Volis was still bothered by something inside of his head and so Torrin finished his ale before standing up. 
“Come I shall show you to an eating hall and a place to sleep, you look like you need both.” Edo Volis nodded, not bothering to finish his drink before putting it on the table. 
He hoped that the image of Voak had been a one-time thing, a horrible flash of memory. He had been struggling just to survive for the last three months, his mind was just exhausted, at the least that is what he tried to convince himself of.  With a long sigh Edo Volis stood up. “Thank you, Toecch,” he said. 
“Who is Toecch?” Torrin asked. 
Edo Volis took a moment to realize what he had said. “I am sorry Captain Torrin,” he began. “Sleepiness got the better of me. Toecch is a very good friend of mine, a soldier of my homeland. I guess my mind misses him.” 
Torrin nodded, understanding such a notion. It had been quite some time since he had seen lieutenant Ulka. 
“You will feel better once you have had a hot meal and a good rest.” 
“I hope so,” Edo Volis began, wanting to forget the image that had flashed his mind. He ran his hand through his beard, not enjoying the texture at all. “I have always had trouble sleeping with a beard, the sound it makes when it rubs up against something always snaps me out of slumber. I would have shaved it myself while up in the mountains, but it wouldn’t be wise wasting energy on a minor annoyance when your life was at stake, still though if I could concentrate long enough I would shave this thing off.” 
Torrin was surprised to find his hand upon his belt, next to where he kept his knife. Old habits really were never completely done away with. The truth was Torrin enjoyed speaking to Edo Volis, more than just because was a boredom breaker. It felt good to be able to talk to someone on an equal level again. He was a military man and proud of it, but being able to chew the fat with someone who didn’t have to call him captain was surprisingly pleasant.  
“I can take care of that beard for you,” he said confidently.
Chapter 8
	The Red Lady guided her white horse through the streets of Za-xayek and permitted herself to enjoy the warmth of the day. Too often, she was caught up in the worries of battle and didn’t take the time to indulge in the lesser pleasures of existence.
	A small contingent of soldiers surrounded her, but the majority of her host was engaged with refugees or performing other random acts of conquest.  If she chose to engage, she could send her mind out to get a more precise picture of her army’s movements, however she had no wish to do so right then. She was more concerned with the words of the impertinent Aneeku who had dared to issue her a challenge.
	She snorted and considered the various men she had met in recent days. Ryder, Rhaldan’s followers, the man with rectangle eyes, Sampson, not forgetting Aneeku himself, all would potentially make adequate mates. She indulged herself in the fantasy of chasing them around the bedchamber.  It was always a delight to lure unsuspecting meat into her quarters and then reveal the truth that she would be the one to notch her belt in conquest.
	If they managed to please her, she allowed them to leave the tent merely cut to ribbons.
	Those that didn’t please her had to be carried.
	Even the Ulnath that she had seen piqued her curiosity. Oos seemed to be more than an average male, and she wondered at the product that would result from a mounting. Dominating that one might even be a challenge. She licked her lips at the thought.
	Perhaps their seed might even bring powers the human one could not?  Like the ability for her offspring to reproduce?
	Then again, that was what she sought the Ulnath’s promised power for.
	The sound of clanging swords echoed in the depths of her mind and she once again resisted the temptation to send her consciousness out to oversee the battle. The war could take care of itself. Like a fire, war often reached its fullest potential when it went untended.
	 Sunlight slithered through the dark clouds and shone off the brown and black towers that rose up on either side of the street, and she looked at the constructions with appreciation. The aesthetic was unlike anything she had ever seen in Vyldur or anywhere on Charon, yet there was something about the squat spires that made her instantly feel as if she had found a home.
	Perhaps it was the simple fact that these buildings looked so unlike the ones from the cities that had already rejected her.
	An unpleasant feeling surged up, and the Red Lady grasped her horse’s mane in a tight fist that made the beast wince. Though the pain must have been great, the horse was far too well-trained, and too cognizant of its master’s wrath to protest violently.
	Just the same, the Red Lady noticed the animal’s consternation and released the mane.
	The beast had been loyal.
	It did not deserve punishment.
	Why punish the loyal when it was so easy to go out into the world and find someone worthy of torment?
	There was the clatter of hooves, and the Red Lady looked up to see one of her brutish soldiers approaching on horseback. How the man had gotten a horse was beyond her since the beasts were generally reserved for her daughters. She put the thought out of her mind as the man neared.
	“Milady,” he said, affecting manners even though his disheveled beard indicated he was closer in his transformation to the Fallen stage than the human one, “the city is sparsely populated. I would estimate there are less than two thousand Ulnath here, should we burn them out?”
	The Red Lady smiled, and for a moment as she looked upon the buildings of Za-xayek, she saw them wreathed in flame. Pillars of smoke billowed up into the sky, reflecting back the light of the simmering destruction to create a seething cauldron of annihilation. It was a sight she had seen countless times, seasoned with the image of arrogant humans tossing their children and then themselves from open windows to escape the heat boiling up from within. She wondered if they ever had time to reflect on their folly in the fleeting moments between hurling themselves into space, and meeting their violent end on the unforgiving rocks below.
	But as pleasant as the illusion was, she blinked it away.
	Only two thousand residents? A quick scan of the infrastructure led her to believe that this city could easily house half a million. Why should she ever consider wasting resources to build such a city when fate had seen fit to lay one at her feet?  Should the promised power prove to be all that it was promised, she might have use of Za-xayek.
	“No,” she whispered, then she called up her voice and fixed her eye on the grizzled soldier with greater authority. “No!  The city is to remain untouched!”
	The man bowed his head and began to back away, but the Red Lady had further commands.
	“And get off that horse, only my daughters shall ride. Is that clear?”
	“Yes Milady,” the man said, sliding off the animal obediently and handing the reins to one of the women who rode beside the Red Lady.
	The Red Lady smiled as the brute half walked, half ran away from her. If she’d been in the possession of a loaded crossbow, she would have discharged it at him simply for sport.
	“Mother?” said a voice, and though the Red Lady’s thoughts were disturbed again, this time she was content with the interruption.
	“Speak daughter,” she replied.
	“I see your plans, but I do not understand why we would leave potential enemies within walls that we intend to inhabit. Wouldn’t it be best to clear them out now when they least expect it?”
	The Red Lady smiled.
	“I know little of Oos, but I have seen enough to guess that he is no fool. I do not think they would have allowed us access to their city if they did not possess a trick or two for self-defense. Now is not a prudent time to act. I am not inclined to reckless conquest with so much at stake.”
	“But,” her daughter continued, “what will happen when the others return?  Might an increase in their number make them inclined to expel us from these walls?”
	The Red Lady grew wistful. “I grow weary of living in a tent,” she said. “It’s cold in the winter lands where the wind blows through. The walls are too thin, and the world has the opportunity to listen in on your every activity. I believe stone would suit me better. A stone tower reaching high into the sky which offers me a view of all that I have conquered. Doesn’t that sound superior to you my daughter?”
	“Yes,” the younger woman replied, “but the question remains, how do we ensure that these walls might remain hospitable?”
	The Red Lady smiled.
“I trust my daughters can win the hearts of these Ulnath brutes. It will be a soft invasion, and by the time the Ulnath females realize the extent of our ambition, it will be too late for them to mount a resistance. When the warriors return, and our obligations to the Ulnath are complete, it will be to the cradle of a dawning civilization. We will give birth to a new species in this city, fill these empty streets with life, and finally have a place to call our own!”
Chapter 9 
Shooting pains started in Rhaldan’s knees as they climbed the hill to get to the tower the Protectors chose as their residence in this dead city. Thick drops of sweat poured down his cheeks by the time they reached it. Rhaldan chose a room on the ground floor, a sort of servants chamber, he assumed, but hardly cared. As the Ulnath promised the soft bed had been summoned for him, but his thoughts were elsewhere. He called Kae to him as soon as his knees stopped aching.
The Protector came almost immediately, but refused to take a seat in the chair Rhaldan pointed to. Likely the boy was still wary from their last private encounter, when Rhaldan tried and failed to place a block back over his ability to use the Life Force. But Kae needn’t worry about that anymore, at least not while they were in this strange shadow world. The boy’s heightened ability to use the Life Force would certainly prove useful here. The Ulnath may have spies watching their guests, but what Rhaldan planned would be invisible to the eye of any creature. 
Rhaldan leaned against the table and stared at the Protector. “You will send your separated self to Oos and follow him. Listen to his conversations until he reveals exactly why he has brought us all here. The more information you can give me, the better.”
Kae nodded and looked at the wall on the opposite side of the room. A surge of warmth evaporated, leaving only the cold air, which cooled the Head Priest’s sweaty back uncomfortably. Rhaldan hardly expected the boy to hear anything worthwhile so quickly and opened his mouth to tell him to leave, and just report back once he did. 
“Oos and two guards are leaving the room, they are going to take your proposal to Morzu,” Kae said, his voice sounding rather hollow.
So Morzu is the leader, not Oos.
“Follow them,” Rhaldan said.
A few minutes passed in silence. Kae stood motionless by the door, his hands clasped behind his back in exactly the same pose the Protectors always assumed. Such a loyal and predictable bunch they were. Even this boy fell right into line, despite all his ability to use the Life Force in ways none had mastered in centuries. Which is how it should be. The only real purpose of the order of Protectors was to serve and obey their priests, masters, and Rhaldan above all.
“Oos mentioned your proposal to Morzu, but they seem more interested in other things,” Kae finally said. “Morzu does not think any of those called here can be truly trusted.”
Rhaldan rocked forward in his chair, almost losing his balance. “What else are they speaking of?”
“He mentioned a stone of sorts, something they need, like a weapon,” Kae said. “But it seems Morzu is the only one that can control it.”
They lied to me! 
The room pivoted in front of Rhaldan’s eyes. He came here hoping to obtain a power that would allow him to defeat King Ardnan and dispose of the monarchy once and for all. But clearly the Ulnath had lied. And now Rhaldan was stuck here, and worse he had made promises to the creatures.
“Now Oos seems to be comforting the boy about the power, saying that once he has it to wield all the Ulnath will accept him as one of theirs,” Kae said. “Apparently Morzu was only raised as an Ulnath even though he is a human, but he is not yet truly one of them. They are in his chamber now, and it is full of books and artifacts.”
Rhaldan’s breath caught in his throat, and his heart started beating faster. “Never mind all that! Did you say Morzu was just a human?”
“Yes,” Kae said. 
“You’re certain?” Rhaldan asked. Morzu may not have had green skin and his features were those of a human, but he seemed almost exactly like any other Ulnath. 
“It looks like Morzu has dedicated his whole existence to the teachings and the history of the Ulnath. I think, the way he dresses and the color of his hair isn’t natural to him, he dresses that way to fit in with the Ulnath. When he is alone with Oos he speaks with less confidence than he did when he greeted us near the altar. He seems like a child wanting to please his elders, especially Oos,” Kae continued in a detached, toneless voice. 
Rhaldan clapped his hands and laughed. This was his chance. Morzu was ultimately a puppet, and one controlled by Oos. Yet Rhaldan was a master of pulling strings especially if they were tied to a regular human. He could still use his power of convincing to influence Morzu, and get the weapon for himself. All he had to do was get close enough to Morzu. It no longer mattered what Oos really thought about his original proposal. 
“Good, call your separated self back for now. You did well,” Rhaldan ordered. 
The warmth returned to the room with a whoosh. If for nothing else, this boy could be useful as a furnace. Rhaldan chuckled at the thought.
“Why are you making pacts with these vile creatures?” Kae asked suddenly, his warmth in the room rising in pitch. “They have no life inside them, and crave only death and destruction.”
“You will not speak to me in that tone, Protector!” Rhaldan barked.
“I helped the King of Ebulon fight off a hoard of monsters not that long ago,” Kae continued, ignoring the command. “And now you force me to join these creatures who are even darker and more dangerous than the Confederation of Orcs?” 
Rhaldan stood up and advanced on the boy, but stopped short of grabbing his arm. Cowing this boy with his Life Force would not work. Well it might, if Rhaldan showed him his precious First Captain Entan, killing his mother and father. But that revelation would likely render the boy useless, and Rhaldan needed him.
“You will not question the decisions or actions of the Head Priest!” Rhaldan yelled instead. “Leave now but be ready for my summons again.”
Kae opened his mouth again, and the heat in the room rose. 
“Leave!” Rhaldan barked. “You will obey me and not question me!”
Kae turned on his heal and left the room, slamming the door behind him.
As soon as they were back home, Rhaldan would give him over to Father Moregh to be trained as one of the Pure Ones. That should quell his burning hot power soon enough and make him a much more compliant tool. 
Chapter 10
	Crimson Claw along with the grunts of the Red Army, Aneeku, Ryder, Fang and Scratch, arrived at one of the Ebulon mines. The Red Army, Aneeku, and Ryder went right in and began attacking the soldiers and miners inside. “Wait,” Crimson Claw said to his partners.
	“Why?” Scratch asked. He was eager to get inside with the others.
	“I think we should talk tactics first,” Crimson Claw answered though he was actually unsure of why he felt a bit hesitant to send Fang and Scratch into this battle. 
	“Okay,” Scratch replied slowly. His leader rarely came up with battle strategies feeling they were only a waste of time that could otherwise be used for fighting, but if this is what Crimson Claw wanted to do he wouldn’t question his reasons.
	“What’s the plan?”
	“I think you should focus on battling in tight areas whenever you can. This is where your abilities will be most useful. Try to keep the enemies away from open areas.”
	“Got it.”
	“What about me?” Fang asked.
	Crimson Claw thought for a moment before responding, “Normally I would say use your killing poison, however since it doesn’t usually work instantly I think you should use your sleeping poison to weaken enemies and your strength to force them into tight areas where Scratch can kill them quickly.”
	“Will do,” Fang answered with a grin that showed off his very sharp and poisonous fangs. 
Once Crimson Claw felt they had a plan he released Fang and Scratch into the mine to start battling. Shortly after, Crimson Claw followed them. Upon entering the mine, in the distance he could see Fang and Scratch working together and effectively taking down enemies using his tactics. The cat would have been proud had he the time to feel this way before he was attacked. “Whose side are you on!” He spat at his attacker.
	“If I hadn’t attacked you, he would have,” Ryder answered with a growl as he clawed into a soldier’s neck. “At least I wasn’t attempting to kill you. Though that would have been all too easy for me to do the way you were just standing there.” 
Though bloody, Ryder’s attack wasn’t enough to kill the soldier. Crimson Claw, whether out of anger or thanks, he didn’t know, finished his allies’ attack using his own claws which cut the soldier’s head cleanly off his shoulders. “Or maybe I would have killed you.” Crimson Claw retorted, “We clearly know who the better killer is.” 
Crimson Claw’s gloating over his kill made Ryder angry. “You like being in this fight killing enemies that aren’t even our own?” He asked as he and Crimson Claw began fighting together to take down enemies. 
“Of course,” Crimson Claw replied, “Don’t you like killing?”
“Not really,” Ryder admitted, “I mean, I have nothing against killing when it’s necessary but I’m not really a killer.” 
	“Do you believe it’s necessary for us to be here killing enemies?” 
	“If we want to survive it probably is. It especially is, if I’m ever going to get my power back.”
	“What power?” 
	“I used to be able to turn into a wolf, or rather I was a wolf that used to be able to turn into a human. Now because I can’t become a wolf anymore my pack threw me out.” 
	“Is that the only ability you lost?” 
	“Yes.”
	“So now you are basically a werewolf that can’t transform,” Crimson Claw commented.
	“There are similarities,” Ryder answered tersely, “But I’m not a werewolf!” 
	“Only werewolves have claws like that, don’t they?” Crimson Claw challenged. 
	“Okay, look,” Ryder said angrily. “These claws aren’t real.” 
	“They look real,” Crimson Claw observed.
	“I guess what I mean is they aren’t naturally a part of me. They are real claws that I had surgically implanted to prepare for my revenge on Heroes United which will happen one day.” 
	“I only came here because I was bored and love to kill. The only thing I want out of my adventure here is the enjoyment of killing freely where no superheroes can stop me.” 
	“How can you love to kill?” 
	“I’m a villain. It’s how we are supposed to feel about killing, isn’t it?” 
	“I don’t know it’s hard to imagine anyone loving killing. Maybe you are the only villain who loves it. I can’t imagine there is anyone else who could love killing so much.” 
	“Then you aren’t very imaginative.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Just look over there at the one with the red mask,” Crimson Claw replied flicking his tail towards the villain he spoke of. As he said this Crimson Claw was flying between two enemies. The Ebulon soldiers were so close together that Crimson Claw was able to wrap his paws around them both and kill them at the same time. The kill wasn’t as neat as his previous ones as he found himself flying backwards quickly in an attempt to avoid getting too much splattered blood in his fur. This attempt proved to be useless and the cat found his fur to be very red after this.
	“Aneeku?” Ryder asked remembering the red masked villain’s name. 
 	“Yes, Aneeku,” Crimson Claw confirmed. “He loves slaughter.”
	As he watched Ryder could see that the cat was right. The way Aneeku went after the miners and enemy soldiers alike, expertly wielding his sword in a way that often left his enemies dead in just one swipe, clearly showed he was an expert killer and Ryder had no doubts that he was an expert killer because he loved doing it. 
	“We appear to have a lot in common,” Crimson Claw purred admirably.
	“Yeah, you’re both nothing but cold blooded killers,” Ryder said though even he had to admit Aneeku’s fighting was impressive.
	“Thanks for the compliment,” Crimson Claw said as Ryder began fighting enemies in the opposite direction. Crimson Claw could tell their brief partnership was over. Glancing back at Ryder, though unlike himself and Aneeku it always took him more than one blow to finish an enemy, Crimson Claw found he liked the boy’s style. With a little training and change of attitude he thought Ryder could be a very effective killer.
	Crimson Claw, after quickly clawing through a nearby soldier, wondered where to go next. He glanced over at Aneeku for a moment thinking it might be fun to compare fighting techniques but knew the other villain didn’t need and probably didn’t want his companionship or help. Since it seemed everyone had things well in hand, he decided to join Fang and Scratch and was glad he did. 
	As he got closer to them, he could see that Fang had run out of sleeping poison for the time being. He arrived there just as a panting Fang watched Scratch launch himself off one of the mine walls, do a back flip in midair reaching out his claws to scratch the enemy and come up short. Scratch landed on all four paws right in front of the enemy. He then quickly twisted out of the way as an attacker headed his way. Seeing Crimson Claw nearby, ready to attack, Scratch ran up to him, turned, and crouched. As he did, Scratch gave Fang a look. His partner nodded, indicating he understood the plan. 
	The refugees next attack was aimed at Crimson Claw who quickly touched tails with Scratch before flying up and scratching the enemy in an attack only meant to distract. Though he easily could have killed the miner, Crimson Claw knew Scratch wanted to use one of his attack moves. While the miner was distracted Scratch jumped onto Fang’s back which was slightly higher than normal because he was using his powers to levitate. From there Scratch jumped aiming for the highest part of the mine wall that he could reach and launched himself off of it towards the enemy. Like the last time he did a back flip in midair only this time he aimed differently and landed on the miner’s shoulder where he dug his claws in. While the enemy tried to dislodge him, Crimson Claw used this time to slice through his neck, killing him just as he had many of the others. “You know we could have killed him faster if you didn’t have to show off your acrobatic abilities,” Crimson Claw said.
	“I know but sometimes it’s fun to play games with your prey.” Scratch answered, “Now let’s find more prey to play with.” 
Chapter 11 
The city of Za-xayek was as vast as it was eerie. It seemed to hold many secrets, the kind of forbidden knowledge that most of the world would shudder upon hearing. But Voak had no fear of this place, only a great curiosity as to what knowledge he could find.
He had been watching the Ulnath and those from other worlds closely. He saw how eager some of them had been to help the Ulnath, but not out of selflessness. They all had their own agendas. Voak was no different, of course. He was sure they all saw the Ulnath as a means to an end. He already had an end in mind, now he just needed to find a means. He had been searching this city ever since Oos had given his speech about seeking more power. He was interested in what the Ulnath may have been hiding. 
He was able to go about his search unseen, the powers of teleportation and invisibility were second nature to him. What he had already come to realize was this city had  most likely originally been built for a much larger population, perhaps as many as half a million. Such a number impressed him, since even the grandest cities of Slute were built to hold no more than a 100,000. 
This added another mystery because he had counted the Ulnath carefully, and there was little more than a mere two thousand of them. This meant that either many had died, whether through war, disease or disaster or the Ulnath really enjoyed their space. Gaining an answer to that mystery wasn’t a priority for him. The less Ulnath there were the less eyes were watching him, making his search all the more easy.
He had silently followed the Red Lady for a little while, knowing that she too was searching for something. She had roughly a third of her army searching this city and he had originally planned on simply waiting to see what they had found. But he grew bored with such a notion. Her army seemed too dedicated to her, like thousands of eyes that belonged to a single being. He liked blind loyalty, it had served him well once upon a time, but what he was searching for was unique, and empty minds couldn’t fathom such a thing. As always, he realized that he would be better off doing the task himself. 
He was glad he made that choice for he found something the Red Army hadn’t, even though they had recently searched this same area. He reappeared in front of a certain structure, his head lowered, his twisted face obscured by his round helmet. This structure was as twisted and as dark as the others, but it was no tower. It was much smaller, structured like a square of black and gray. It was not its shape so much as the odors that came from him. It smelled ancient and mystic, two of Voak’s favorite scents. As he looked upon it with his bizarre rectangular eyes a smile of squared sharp teeth reached across his face. The towers of Za-xayek hadn’t interested him much, they didn’t hold anything that could be of use to him, but he had a feeling that this building would be different. There was an open doorway into the structure. Strangely, there seemed to be very few locked doors in the city, though the Ulnath didn’t strike him as an overly trusting type.
Regardless, an open door just made his search all the easier and as he stepped through it he was struck by various odors. All were foreign to him, smells that never existed in the world he had come from. The smells weren’t of death, at least any death he knew of and death was something he was quite acquainted with. Only a certain type of darkness frightened him and the black he entered wasn’t of this type. 
The darkness didn’t last very long, soon giving way to a strange collection of purple light. The light wasn’t of any sun, nor of any flame, it was a kind of light Voak had never seen before. There were no windows within the structure and yet few shadows reigned inside. 
He could see a mass of decorations upon the inner walls, made by the same architect who had designed the towers. He could see statues forged from a material that held mysterious of their own. Strangely the light didn’t reflect off them, yet they could be seen clearly. Some of the statues were copies of the Ulnath while others were more twisted and more animal like. It wasn’t obvious what the statues meant, but they appeared in ascending order. The last looked exactly like an Ulnath while the first was a monstrosity in anyone’s opinion. They were well detailed but lifeless. Voak had no concern of them coming to life and attacking him. 
He was actually more interested in the source of the purple light. It covered the entirety of the large room leaving not a corner in shadow. He was quite sure he was alone in the building. It was not so much through sight but rather through smell that he came to realize this place was a bathhouse of some kind. The scents were rising like steam out of many various pools, some were circular, others more rectangular, while others were framed by shapes Voak couldn’t even describe. Apart from the colour of the liquid that filled them and the way they smelt, these baths didn’t appear grand or mysterious. Still there was something about this bathhouse, something that was different to all the other structures of the city. 
At random he chose one of the baths and knelt beside it, wondering what the liquid was. Apart from it not being water, the answer wasn’t obvious. He peered down and saw his reflection, the sight of it made him hiss like a snake. He knew what he looked like and had long ago accepted his hideous. But that didn’t mean he enjoyed his own reflection at all. Though the liquid was thicker than water for something that carried so many scents it wasn’t particular thick. He watched it for a moment, hoping to see movement of some kind. But after several moments there wasn’t so much as a bubble, the liquid was completely still, almost unnaturally so. It didn’t smell putrid or rotten, which indicated that its purpose hadn’t been forgotten. Now he just needed to discover what its purpose was. 
When sight and smell didn’t give him the answers he was looking for he hoped that touch would. He removed the glove from his left hand, revealing long wretched fingers. There was a feeling of uneasiness that washed over him, a feeling that rarely swam through him. He ignored such a notion, he had dealt with many substances in his life, many that were more potent than whatever this liquid was. Still his movements were slightly slower than normal, a small part of him hesitant. With a single finger he touched the liquid and was surprised that it felt solid, like he was touching a slime-covered stone. He had stuck his finger in completely when something caught his eyes. 
He watched in silence as from the middle of the bath a bubble was forming. At first the bubble looked quite normal but then it began to swell. The whole motion made the bubble seem alive, like some dark and ancient force was controlling it. Voak watched on, his finger still in the liquid as the bubble began to ascend. It remained connected to the rest of the liquid. It reminded him of a fly trapped in a spider’s web doing its best to try and escape. The movements of the bubble grew quite violent, and, bizarrely it seemed as if the bubble was drowning within the liquid. With Voak’s finger still within it the entire bath of liquid rose up like a wave from an angry ocean. 
Before Voak had a chance to do anything the liquid reached over, swallowing him like a serpent. He could be seen within it, thrashing around much like the bubble had. His ribald face consumed with shock, his limbs frantically thrashing about. All of his efforts did nothing to change his predicament and before the moment was over he was pulled deep into the bath. 
The liquid quickly died down, returning to the calm state in which he found it. The violent moment had been replaced by a strange sense of serenity and silence. Like a sword impaling an enemy Voak’s hand violently ascended out of the liquid. It had been so powerful a moment ago, but now offered no resistance. Keeping his head close to his chest, thus hiding his face he quickly pulled himself out of the bath. He scurried on his hands and knees, wanting to get as far away from it as possible. 
He didn’t know what had just happened to him, but in some ways it reminded him of dying, something he knew all too well. But the feeling of the death wasn’t the only sensation, it had become replaced by something he couldn’t possibly describe. Most of the liquid didn’t accompany him out of the bath, the few drops that peppered his garments seemed to seep into them slowly, not leaving so much as a single wet mark. 
When he was satisfied that he had gotten far enough away he sat back. The breaths escaping his body were quick and frantic. Wanting to ensure that there was no trace of the liquid on his features he brought his ungloved hand to his face. He had planned on wiping it clean but as soon as he got to his nose his hand stopped suddenly. The movement ended so quickly it was like his hand became frozen. 
His nose didn’t feel right, it didn’t even feel like his nose. He had forced his eyes closed during the violent submerging and only now opened them. His breathing tightened, becoming near silent as slowly he moved his hand from his face. He looked at his palm like it was the greatest mystery he had ever faced. Turning his hand over revealed the effects of the liquid. His hand was no longer riddled with marks and sickness, in fact it looked very human. Glancing back to the bath he was filled with a chill. Slowly he touched his nose again, it didn’t feel long and twisted, it felt small and structured. To prove to himself that his sense of touch wasn’t lying he quickly moved back to the bath, showing no fear of the liquid. With clear hesitation he looked down into is reflective pool and immediately a gasp escaped his lips. 
His eyes were no longer rectangular, they were small and circular, the glowing orange of them was gone completely, and he could see pupils within them. His chin had widened, and the large pair of dark wrinkles vanished from his cheeks. His face had changed completely. Gone were the monstrosities, replaced by well-designed features.
The replacement face wasn’t a stranger to him, just someone that he hadn’t seen in a very long time. This was his face, the face that belonged to him before he had corrupted his body with spells, potions and everything in between. With a shaking hand he removed his helmet, allowing fine thick locks of hair to fall past his ears. It had been so long since he had possessed hair that he had almost forgotten what it looked like. But now the memories came flowing back, these strands were almost identical to the ones that once covered his head. The other noticeable exception was the colour, in place of what should have been light brown was a very dark blue. The tone of the colour was the same as Ulnath hair, but his skin didn’t become a pale green. He opened his mouth, seeing that his teeth were no longer sharp or foul. He smiled, and for the first time in far too long the gesture didn’t appear monstrous. 
This couldn’t be real, yet he knew he wasn’t dead. Perhaps this was a dream of some kind, the liquid keeping him in a kind of suspended reality. In that moment he didn’t really care if this was real or not. Now kneeling, he raised his hand before him and summoned energy. He watched the small blue spheres dance around his fingertips before vanishing. The liquid hadn’t stolen his powers. If anything they seemed easier to summon. 
“Quite remarkable, isn’t it?” A voice asked. 
Voak quickly turned in the direction of the sound. An Ulnath was standing near the entrance. He recognized this Ulnath as one of the group who had accompanied Oos out of the tallest tower when all the other world beings had gathered. This Ulnath was more handsome than most of his kind, yet carried a unique darkness within him. Voak watched as within the purple light, the dark blue garments of the Ulnath seemed to shine almost a silver colour. 
The Ulnath walked around the baths. “It never ceases to amaze me,” he spoke with a kind of melancholic tone, like he was about to recite poetry. The kind only a dark mind would enjoy hearing. His voice was more humble than that of Oos’s but there was no weakness in his words. “What these baths are capable of doing.”  
“What are they?” Voak asked, amazed that even his voice had changed. It was still tainted by corruption, but no longer consumed by it. The Ulnath stopped once he was about 5 feet away from him. 
“That is hard to describe, they are a mixture of many things, shades of magic you see, from many forms of sorcery. They were gathered together with the purpose of cleansing corruption from one’s body, but I am guessing you have already figured that out. As powerful as these baths are though, they cannot cleanse the soul. Their effects are little more than skin deep.”  
Voak thought on his words, ignoring the fact this Ulnath was looking at him like he was an injured deer, ready to be slaughtered. “You’re Krovin right?” Voak asked, knowing the answer. 
Krovin nodded slowly. “And you’re Voak, the interesting thing is, is that we have never been introduced although you know my name and I know yours. You certainly have an interesting collection of powers, I imagine they are of great use to you as my powers are to me.” Voak heard the taunt in his tone, it seemed Krovin was aware that he had been silently watching the Ulnath, but in that moment Voak didn’t care he had much more important things on his mind. Voak stood up slowly, Krovin didn’t so much as flinch in response. 
“These baths? Do they have the ability to stave off death?” Krovin noticed the desperation in his eyes, the anxiousness in his tone. He seemed not to care that Krovin had been following him. 
“The power of immortality? The power of invincibility? Those are two things beyond even the power of these baths.” 
Voak narrowed his eyes and Krovin could see his mind turning over. “The power that Oos made mention of? The power that he will give us would that be great enough to defy death forever?” Krovin smiled and even to one such as Voak the gesture seemed morbid. 
“I will not lie to you, the power that Oos spoke of is a power like nothing you would’ve ever seen before. But I cannot guarantee it can make you immortal, not by itself anyway.” 
“What do you mean?” Voak asked. 
“You have a set of powers of your own, abilities that are very versatile, much like the baths, your own powers combined with the powers that Oos can give you may very well be enough to give you what you desire.” Voak lowered his gaze, his mind heavy with both thoughts and possibilities. “Of course if you knew someone or something that already had the power of immortality or at least a way to use necromancy we may very well be able to create immortality, maybe even invincibility.” 
“How?” Voak asked, his voice intense and concentrated. With the slightest motion of his head Krovin guided the gaze of Voak to the triangular shaped bath. 
“You’re lucky you didn’t try to take a swim in that bath, its liquid is used to strip beings of their powers, its liquid consumes them you see. If you knew someone with the powers of necromancy that bath could take such a power and with the knowledge the Ulnath possess, we could very well find a way to forge a permanent way to escape death.” He could see the eagerness in Voak’s eyes, clearly he had someone in mind for just such a purpose. 
“But…” Krovin began, his tone stern enough to bring Voak out of his own thoughts. “We have no desire to help anyone or anything that doesn’t help us in return. We called each of you from your own worlds to help us achieve our goal. So far you haven’t helped at all.” There was a time in his life when Voak would’ve struck Krovin down for speaking to him with such a tone. But his pride meant little now, not when there was finally a chance to escape death, once and for all. 
“What do you need from me?” 
Krovin could tell from his tone that Voak was desperate, and so he kept his smile.
“Morzu isn’t the only one that can call for aid from other worlds. The Ebulon king has the same ability…” He noticed a flash in the eyes of Voak, a great revelation of some kind. “We have waited for this chance for thousands of years, and we have plans in place, but we cannot rely on those plans alone. We need to know what Ebulon, particularly what King Yadi…” he added in disgust. “…Will be planning as well as how he is reacting to the attacks on the mines and refugees.” 
“And?” Voak asked, subtly wanting Krovin to get to his point. “As great as our powers are they are of this world and the mages of Ebulon have similar powers. If we tried to sneak into the city under the cover of shadow the Ebulon mages would be able to detect us. But your powers are not of this world, the mages would have no knowledge of your magic, thus you could enter the city undetected, you could listen in to what is happening and no one in Ebulon would be the wiser.” He could see the effect his words were having on Voak and so he continued. “If you do this for us we will do all in our power to help you escape death…once and for all.” 
Voak simply stared at Krovin for a long moment, but there was no way of knowing if he could trust him. However, he couldn’t doubt the powers of this bathhouse. He had tried countless times to rid himself of the twisted appearance and had failed. These baths had already proven their power to him. 
“As long as you help me, I will do whatever you ask.” Voak said. 
To this Krovin nodded, his smile widening. “Very good,” he said. “In truth I would have allowed you to continue your search of this city. Za-xayek is quite a sight to behold. I was actually planning on asking the one called Kae to use his powers to observe Ebulon. But it seems that he has abandoned our cause.” 
Chapter 12 
Three more times Rhaldan called Kae to spy on the Ulnath for him. Kae didn’t mind. Anything done in opposition to these vile Ulnath, was a thing he gladly did. Even if it was for the Head Priest’s benefit.  
Only, each time Kae learned more about the real reason why they were summoned here. And the things he learned, kept him awake at night, and unable to stay still during the day. The Ulnath had already commanded some of the other world beings and they had already started attacking the people of Ebulon as well as other humans of this world. Innocent people, like the villagers back home in the Realm, dying for the sole purpose of satisfying the Ulnath’s greed.
After Rhaldan dismissed him the third time, Kae went to find Second Captain Agara. 
“Do you know why we are here?” Kae asked him. Perhaps his tone was too harsh, but the images of men, women and children hacked to death by an army were still too clear in his mind.
Agara glanced up at him, then resumed cleaning his nails with the tip of his knife. “We are here because Head Priest Rhaldan ordered us to accompany him.” 
“It isn’t right! These Ulnath mean to attack Ebulon again,” Kae protested. “The same city we came here to protect last time.”
Agara screwed his eyebrows at Kae. “I’ve never been here before. Have you?”
Is the man lying?
But Kae could think of no good reason why Agara would do that.
“I think King Yadi should be informed of the Ulnath’s plans.”
Agara placed his knife in his boot and straightened up. “You will follow the Head Priest’s orders, as will the rest of us!”
A few of the other Protectors turned to them. 
“I don’t like the feel of this place either, Agara,” Protector Hyldar said. “And I’d rather not slaughter any defenseless people.”
“I am certain the Head Priest won’t ask us to do that,” Agara said. 
“And I’m sure he will,” Kae countered, adding, “he’ll have no choice in the matter.”
He was sure of it. Rhaldan wanted that weapon the Ulnath dangled as a reward for helping them too much. And any weapon coveted by Rhaldan so much was better kept out of his hands.
“That Red Lady’s humanoid army has already been dispatched to a camp of refugees,” Kae said. “I used my separated self to follow them and--”
“Stop this talk!” Agara cut him off, though the weary look in his eyes didn’t match his harsh tone. “I am not happy to be here either. It feels wrong, all of it. But we have taken oaths to protect the Head Priest and we will fulfill those oaths.”
A few of the other Protectors shook their heads, some spitting on the ground to show their displeasure, but none argued further. Kae gave it up too. 
He found an empty spot by the tower and leaned against it. Yet the visions of the Red Army descending upon the poor defenseless refugees would not subside.
Ever since he was first brought to train to become a Protector as an orphaned boy of seven, he dreamed of the day he would finally take his oaths. Now, barely a few days since his dream finally came true, he was already being forced to break them. Never, not once did he think that Protectors were anything less than noble, honorable, just. He believed as much of the priests too. Yet here he was, forced to witness innocent people being slaughtered and doing nothing to help them. And all of it on Head Priest Rhaldan’s orders. What would be next? Would Rhaldan order them into battle against the refugees next? Or even Ebulon itself? Was that the kind of loyalty a Protector owed the Head Priest? 
No.
The answer came unbidden, yet it was the absolute truth. King Yadi had to be warned of all this. Only then could the Ulnath be stopped. And Kae was the only one who could carry that order. None of the other Protectors challenged him as he walked away from the tower. 
Kae sent his separated self far ahead to scout out the quickest route to Ebulon. But the city was hundreds of miles away. Even if he ran, it would still take him weeks to reach it.
A vast stable stood near the edge of the morbid city, guarded by two Ulnath soldiers in lavish blue armor. Kae called his separated self back to his side and approached them.
“I need a horse,” he said in his best commanding tone, focusing all his Life Force on wedging the idea deep into their minds.
 The two exchanged a glance. Nothing in that glanced revealed whether Kae’s Convincing had worked or not.  
You will give me a horse now, he said, speaking directly into their minds now. 
“Aren’t you a little small for such a big meal?” one of them asked. 
What does that mean? 
These Ulnath had no Life Force inside them, at least none that Kae could feel. It made them all the more unpleasant. Even Kae had to concentrate hard to know when one would suddenly appear from the shadows like the stranger who had offered Rhaldan the bed. Then he remembered witnessing an exchange between Oos and another Ulnath, while they dined on a horsemeat delicacy.
“The horse isn’t for me to eat, I was sent by Head Priest Rhaldan to collect one. He wishes to dine on an Ulnath delicacy while he is in your city as a sign of respect to your kind.” 
The two guards looked to each other. Secretive and sickening, these creatures may have spoken with elegance, but deep down they were cruel and callous. 
“Fine, take your pick,” the guard on the right finally said. “I would also recommend riding it back to the tower where Rhaldan is staying. Doing so will get its heart racing and blood pumping. That’s what makes the meat so delicious when you kill it.” 
Kae walked into the stables, and felt through his separated self for the strongest horse. Most fidgeted in their stalls, terror resting about them like a thick blanket. All of them wanted to get away from these vile Ulnath creatures, and Kae didn’t blame them. But he needed a horse, which still had some fire to live left beneath the terror.
A white at the back of the stables was the closest thing. It seemed more alive than the rest of the horses, at any rate. Just as he reached its stall, another horse closer to the exit crashed though the wooden gate and bolted from the stable.
Kae untied his white and saddled it quickly, mounted and rode out too. 
“I will retrieve the horse that got away for you,” he called back to the Ulnath, knowing it was the perfect explanation for why he was riding in the opposite direction of where Rhaldan stayed. 
***

 A valley opened up in front of Kae at dawn. It was filled with people, some sleeping, some tending small fires, others talking quietly. More than a few had dirty, bloody, bandages tied over wounds on their heads, arms, legs, chests. Despair, mingled with sadness and lack of home entered Kae’s mind through his separated self. These were the survivors of the Red Lady’s attack, and Kae had known he would meet them, since his separated self had found them not long after Kae had sent it out towards Ebulon.
He rode down slowly until he reached a man sitting alone by a fire. The man drew a battered and chipped sword as Kae approached, but his arm shook under its weight.
“I mean you no harm,” Kae said and raised both his hands, palms outwards. But he only dismounted after the man let go of the sword.
“What happened to you?” Kae asked.
“Many things,” the man began his voice incredibly strained, sounding like the turning of gravel. “First the Orc Confederation swept through the lands burning and destroying every human settlement they came across, so we fled to wherever we could. Most of us died during the winter, but those of us who somehow still breathed began moving to more fertile areas, places where fruit was beginning to bloom and wild game came out of hibernation. With the Orc Confederation forced back into the Rainlands for a little while it looked like we may have been able to survive, even thrive given time. But then a large army of new monsters came to attack us, killing thousands, wounding more. We had to flee our settlements yet again,” the man said, staring into the fire. 
“The Red Army?” Kae asked. His separated self was there, spying, when the Ulnath had ordered the attack.
The man peered at him suspiciously. “How did you know?”
“I’ve heard talk of them,” Kae lied. “But you are safe now? They have not pursued you.”
The soldier shrugged. “Safe from the monster army, but not from hunger. We chose this valley to hide in because of how desolate it is. Only there is not enough food here to sustain us. Many are already wishing the attackers killed them. At least that would be a quick death, starving to death takes time.”
Kae ignored the redoubled feeling of helplessness, of hopelessness that came with the man’s words.
“I ride for Ebulon to warn King Yadi of the armies attacking the people of this land,” Kae said. “I am sure he will send aid to your people.”
The man spit into the coals, sending sparks flying. “Yadi will not help us. He did little to bring us shelter and warmth after the Orc Confederation attacked his kingdom. But then again, hatred won’t keep us warm or alive. If you are heading there tell them that…that any help would be most welcome.” A fire seemed to ignite in the man’s eyes. “Yes. Please tell King Yadi of our plight. I have seen too many people die to just sit around and wait for more to die.”
Kae rose. “I will.”
This was what Protectors were supposed to do. Help the innocent and the wounded. Not guard a power hungry Head Priest on a personal, evil quest.
He spurned his horse into a gallop as soon as he reached the end of the valley. If the horse was strong enough, he could reach King Yadi in just a few days. 
 Chapter 13 
Within the great Tower of Ebulon, King Yadi and his entire escort had gathered within one of the many halls. There was a weariness in the air, the desperation of the last couple of months was beginning to take its toll on their minds and bodies. There was not a single person that didn’t grunt or groan as they took their seats around the enormous table, the collection of sounds ringing through the air like an applause of listlessness. 
The king wasn’t excluded from it, he was just as ragged as his entourage. His beard, once cleanly kept looked more like the uneven bark of a dead tree. As he slowly looked around the room he wondered if anyone else was imagining a great feast, fine wine, bread and meat, and all the other ghosts of gluttony. But the table was bare of any food, the only drink mere jugs of water. Yadi had subsisted on the simple stews that all his people had to survive on and he was sure he wasn’t the only one seeing ghosts of better days.
 He rubbed his eyes, attempting to rid himself of dream desires, which were about as effective as trying to sow a field with a single drop of water. It felt like this was the 1000th time they had gathered to discuss matters of the realm, something each of them was all too aware of.  
“What is to be made of the report by Edo Volis?” King Yadi began. “Of dragons gathered and the two creatures that supposedly rode them.” 
“Actually the report from the lieutenant indicated that only one of the riders was a creature…a large rat of some kind…” It was clear by his tone that Atfan the advisor found the notion more than a little strange. After a moment of awkward silence another advisor spoke up. 
“In all seriousness, my King, I do not think the report should be believed.” 
“You think he is lying?” King Yadi asked, his tone serious yet not aggressive.
“Not exactly,” the advisor began. “But he did live in those mountains for three months during the heart of winter. An impressive feat to be sure, but I believe extreme fatigue and a lack of a proper diet played tricks with his mind.” 
King Yadi took a long breath, a sound wired by weariness. He certainly understood the notion, even now his mind was telling him a scent of roast beef was in the air, although he knew the last piece of beef had been eaten over two months ago. Still, a small illusion like that was one thing, seeing dragons and a strange creature riding them was something else entirely. 
“There is a problem with such a notion my King,” the golden bearded shadow mage known as Ruian began. “According to the report by the lieutenant, this Edo Volis didn’t even know what a dragon was, apparently they don’t even exist in his world. He referred to them as giant flying lizards…” 
King Yadi nodded, agreeing with his point. “I find it a little difficult to believe that, having never seen a dragon before, he would be able to hallucinate one. Dragons are a breed too terrifying to come from mere imagination.” 
“Still, my King,” the skeptic advisor began. “Three months in the mountains is a long time for someone to be on their own. Maybe he didn’t imagine the dragon but he imagined something riding it. As Ruian pointed out, having never seen a dragon before, maybe the weariness, lack of food and fear conjured the image of the riders, a part of him hoping they could be controlled.” 
Again the notion made sense, but it still didn’t sit right with King Yadi. He didn’t know this Edo Volis, but the sheer fact he was able to survive, as well having come to this world to help Ebulon added a great deal of weight to his words, at least as far as the king was concerned. 
“Maybe, he shall be able to clarify what he saw after his stomach is filled with Ebulon food.” King Yadi barely acknowledged Captain Juruz, knowing that the captain was frustrated that his king allowed Edo Volis to rest within the city, considering how stretched their food supplies already were. “I don’t think the word of this Edo Volis should be dismissed so easily.” 
“My King,” Captain Oeger said. “Perhaps Edo Volis was merely mistaken, perhaps he did see the dragons, but what he thought were riders were something else.”
“But even if he was mistaken about the creatures riding them, it would mean that he saw dragons gathering it is almost unheard of them to do that. It isn’t mating season after all.” A female advisor added. 
“Perhaps they were fighting over territory, few dragons get along. Maybe what Edo Volis saw was actually disfigurements, scars from wounds so severe that the flesh healed in a disfiguring way,” Regent Jenner explained. 
“That isn’t too far out of the realm of possibility.” Captain Oeger said. “As some of us know dragons are awfully hard to kill, I have seen one with half its spine ripped out, but it survived, the half of the spine out of its body eventually grew scales, making it appear as if it had two tales.” 
“That is true,” Atfan said. “I think he was just mistaken.”  
King Yadi looked to the tall, sharp bearded mage known as Soin as he asked, “Did the search of the mountains by the mages show any sign of the dragons?” Exhaustion really had taken its toll, his mind had too many thoughts in it to think clearly, this was the first question he should’ve asked. 
“The search of the mountains didn’t reveal anything my King,” Soin said. 
“You see,” Aftan added. “It seems this Edo Volis was just hallucinating after all.”
“I don’t think he was,” Soin said, usually waiting to be addressed before he spoke. “There was something odd going on in those mountains.” 
“Did you not just say that you didn’t find anything?” Regent Jenner asked, slightly bewildered. 
“That’s correct and that is the strange thing about it. We found no trace of any dragon but we found several lairs where a dragon had recently been.” 
“Now that is odd,” Captain Juruz added, his mind deep in thought. 
“Again this adds credibility to what Edo Volis reported, he did mention that they seemed to be heading deeper into the mountains.” Captain Oeger pointed out.
“Admittedly we didn’t search that far,” Soin explained. “You’ll forgive me my King but I didn’t believe it was wise to go so far into the mountains, there was a very good chance of becoming lost.” 
“No apology necessary, Soin,” Yadi said truthfully. “The last thing I need is to lose more good men and women.” He took a long breath before he added, “If the riders were just mistaken identity what reason could so many dragons have for travelling deeper into the mountains?” His question was only met by a long silence, no one could think of a plausible excuse. 
“If I may, my King,” Aftan began. “Perhaps it is best for the time being to focus on what we know, not what we don’t?” 
King Yadi didn’t like the idea of leaving the question unanswered, but Atfan was right, they already had enough problems without speculating on the habits of dragons.
“Very well,” said the king. “What is the latest report on food supplies?” 
“Well there will not be any feasts in the immediate future but there is enough food to keep everyone alive for about 5 weeks. However with winter at its end there will be an opportunity to send out hunting parties to gather wild meat and fruit, every body will have to stay on strict rations for a while, but if we can manage to do that, the kingdom shan’t starve,” Captain Oeger said. 
“We will have to stretch our man power even further if we are to gather enough fruit and wild meat.” Regent Jenner pointed out. 
“Well I am hoping that repairing the city walls will be finished by the end of the month, that will allow us just enough man power to gather more food at a quick enough rate.” Captain Oeger explained. 
“It seems the only thing we have a great deal of is weaponry,” Captain Juruz pointed out, having been appointed keeper of arms by the king himself not long after the battle of Ebulon. 
“But not enough hands to wield them,” Regent Jenner countered. Captain Juruz gave Jenner a stern look, one that strongly told him to be quiet. This time the Regent didn’t feed the hostility and kept quiet. 
King Yadi motioned to speak once more when the doors to the hall were rushed opened. The sound of the doors lurching open grasped the attention of everyone in the room. A young messenger ran into the room, her blue eyes widened by concern, her breath hasty. 
“My King,” she said. “My lords.” She added, attempting to control her breathing.
“What is it?” The king asked as concerned as all of his advisors by how pale she looked. 
“Lieutenant Ulka of the 7th brigade is in the courtyard, he urgently requests that you meet him there, my King.” 
“Why didn’t Lieutenant Ulka come to see the king himself?” Captain Juruz asked, having known Ulka quite well, this seemed quite out of character. 
“Because, captain,” the messenger began before looking back at the king. “He has something to show you, something he said that should never haunt your halls.” 
King Yadi looked around at his advisors, and there wasn’t a single expression that wasn’t consumed by concern. King Yadi stood up thanking the messenger for the news. Not needing to be commanded, his escort followed their king as he left the hall. Yadi noticed how many of the maids and other servants were glancing out of the many windows of the tower, he could hear the occasional whisper from them, but what they were saying didn’t make any sense. His concern only grew when he saw that even the tower guards were beginning to move towards the windows. 
“Back to your posts!” Captain Juruz commanded and the guards instantly followed his orders. Now he became nervous, the guards and soldiers of Ebulon weren’t easily surprised or concerned, but they all seemed filled with both. Now at the lowest level of the Tower, the king and his escort moved quickly towards the doors.
Once they were open the king slowed right down for he could see what lieutenant Ulka had brought with him. King Yadi moved cautiously, his own face becoming the same mask of concern that the servants and guards had worn. 
On the back of a cart pulled by a horse Ulka had brought with him a corpse. The problem was, the King had no idea what the corpse was. It had the frame of a man, but there was nothing human about it. Its ragged clothes seemed quickly dyed red, although it might just have been covered in blood. The corpse smelled terrible, which wasn’t surprising. But its matted fur and almost wolf-like features were hideous. 
“What is that?” The question was so powerful that King Yadi couldn’t pinpoint which of his escorts had actually said it. 
“What is going on here, Lieutenant Ulka?” The king asked, unable to look away from the strange corpse.
“My King,” he began. “An army consisting of women, men and creatures like this one have been attacking both our mines and refugee camps.” 
“What?” King Yadi recognized this voice as belonging to Atfan. 
“I am afraid it is true, it is an army dressed in red, they come without warning, often killing all of the women and taking away the men, we are not sure exactly for what purpose, but…” 
“What is it, Lieutenant?” Captain Juruz asked, seeing the despair on the face of his former underling. 
Ulka shook his head as though to shake away his own confusion. “This corpse, was once a refugee.” 
King Yadi narrowed his eyes in shock. “This thing was once a human being?”
“How do you know that it was once a refugee?” Regent Jenner asked, placing a hand over his mouth. He had never gotten use to the smell of death. 
“This army dressed in red attacked a refugee camp near one of the mines. The Ebulon soldiers were too few in number at the time to intervene. But Lieutenant Nemmin and myself were able to track the army in red, after they had attacked another settlement, and capture this refugee. His mind seemed to have snapped, and his loyalty to someone called the Red Lady was absolute. It didn’t make any sense, a day or two before he was screaming and trying to get away from the army of red. But when we rescued him, his loyalty was indisputable. The small pieces of information we were able to gather from him came under torture and even then he didn’t say much more.” 
When only silence answered him, Lieutenant Ulka opened his mouth to speak but was cut off by his former captain. 
“How do you know this man was from a refugee camp?” Juruz asked. 
“Commander Alatearame had allowed a large number of refugees to settle within forestlands not to far from eastern mines as well as another camp just north of it. After the first attack in the forestlands, we were quick to investigate the northern camp, and this is where this thing once came from.” 
“She allowed them to settle?” Juruz asked, believing that was an accident just waiting to happen. 
“Yes, Captain,” Ulka replied, conflicted between his old loyalty and new found respect for his new unit. “She felt it best to have communication with them. It would lessen hostility, not to mention the fact that she could keep an eye on them,” He elaborated, knowing his former captain deserved the explanation. 
“You saw this man become this creature…with your own two eyes?” Regent Jenner asked. 
“Yes I did, Regent,” Ulka said. “We had him chained up, still trying to get information from him. It was a gradual transformation, we didn’t know what was happening. The fur had already begun to consume him, and his features became narrowed. The Commander was worried that it was a type of sorcery so we gagged his mouth. By the next morning he had become this beast, the Commander herself put a spear through his throat. I was glad that she silenced his grunts.” 
“What do you mean?” Ruian asked, his knowledge of magic was second to none, but no magic he knew of could do such a thing. 
“All night that is what he kept doing, grunting. It was haunting and loud, even through the gag.” 
“What is going on?” Atfan asked, his tone empty and distant. 
“Perhaps it is the work of the Sack Swords. Maybe Match Head Ged assembled every refugee that was useful to him, and perhaps he gathered more than just warriors, maybe he found a sorceress that believed in his cause?” Captain Oeger asked. 
“It isn’t out of the realm of possibility,” Soin pointed out. “Many human kings had a sorceress under their command. It could be that this Red Lady came from a city that Matchhead Ged had once defended. Sorceresses tend to be very powerful so their loyalty to their kings must be almost unbreakable. It could be she is returning the favor to Matchhead Ged. Still, what kind of magic could do this?” When silence fell it was clear no one had an answer to the question.
“That could explain why the raids on the mines stopped about a month ago, perhaps Matchhead Ged found this sorceress and decided to make himself an army, using her powers,” said Captain Oeger. Though she had heard what Soin had said and believed in his knowledge, the pieces of the puzzle remained jumbled in her mind. 
“That would explain why they were attacking the mines, but not the refugee camps.” Captain Juruz pointed out. “It doesn’t seem like something he would do, all of his troops were refugees at one time. Attacking their camps would only anger the soldiers he already had. It doesn’t seem like a smart thing to do from a military standpoint and Matchhead Ged isn’t a fool.” 
“Maybe the Red Lady isn’t working for him at all, then,” Regent Jenner pointed out. “As we know the Sack Swords attacks stopped a month ago maybe they were the first victims of this Red Lady? Maybe she is in business for herself. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time a sorceress did such a thing.” The mage known as Soin shook his head, taking a step closer towards the strange corpse. “Whatever magic did this is of the darkest kind. If I had to gamble on it, my bet would be this is lich magic, although I have never heard of such a spell.” The rest stayed very quiet. Liches were as rare as they were powerful, even most orc tribes were said to fear them. 
“The only problem with such a notion is that liches take control of the dead not turn men into beasts, this is a much different kind of magic.”
Soin thought about these words, before speaking carefully, “If it isn’t from a lich, then the only possible suspect would be orcs…although they have little need for a witch, they have magic all of their own.” 
“Maybe she was able to extract such magic from them. A lot of fighting has been happening in the Rainlands between the orcs and the goblins, maybe she was able to capture an orc shaman and discover a way to use their magic.” Captain Oeger countered.
“I don’t believe she is working for Match head Ged, the colour of the Droakins was always a light green, if he was going to uniform his army he wouldn’t be using red.” Captain Juruz explained. 
“Too many questions and not enough answers,” King Yadi said, more to himself than anyone in particular. 
“Tell me, Lieutenant, are the attacks still going on?” 
“That they are my King, it is one of the reasons why I was sent back to Ebulon alone. Commander Alatearame urgently needs reinforcements if we are going to hold onto the mines. With each attack this army of red has swollen in ranks, there are even Ebulon soldiers that swear loyalty to her now.” 
“Our own soldiers?” King Yadi asked. 
Lieutenant Ulka nodded. “It is as if they are under some sort of spell. I should also mention that in all the attacks the lady in red is never seen. The commanders of the army are always women, but they are dressed in white.” 
King Yadi looked back to the corpse with a shake of his head. None of this was making any sense. “There is more my King, apart from the women and these grunts there have been reports of a male warrior with large yellow eyes and a strange red mask, three feline like creatures and a very young man that fights with his bare hands, using them like claws.” 
King Yadi studied the lieutenant’s eyes, seeing both fear and confusion within them, the same fear and confusion he was sure was now in his own eyes. 
“Lieutenant,” Yadi began. “By order of the king you are too inform Commander Alatearame to withdraw from the mines and return to Ebulon with every soldier and worker at once.” 
“Yes, my King,” Ulka replied. 
“Wait a moment, Lieutenant.” The powerful order came from Captain Juruz. 
Ulka did as he was commanded. Captain Juruz stepped forward towards Yadi as he said, “My King, you want our troops to abandon the mines after all the hard work and labor that went in to forging them. Send troops out to strengthen the guard on the mines, show this army of red that Ebulon isn’t afraid of them. I will gladly lead the reinforcements myself.” 
King Yadi could see the anger in his eyes, he knew how disenfranchised many of his troops had become. But there were other factors, ones that the king simply couldn’t ignore. 
“No Captain,” Yadi replied, showing the strength of his own voice. “We have no idea who this enemy is, what we do know is they have the ability to transform men into monsters and force loyalty from refugee and Ebulon soldiers alike. I will not send troops into such a situation, I will not give this Red Lady a chance to swell her ranks with my own soldiers. Something foul is happening here Captain. It is too big of a coincidence that dragons have been gathering, ridden by a rodent no less, at roughly the same time that this army of red showed up. No, our best chance for survival is to consolidate our forces behind Ebulon’s walls. Until we know exactly what is going on those are my orders.” 
He finished his speech by looking at Ulka. The Lieutenant could tell Yadi wasn’t pleased by Juruz’s anger. The Captain stepped back, taking sharp breaths and biting his tongue in frustration. It simply wasn’t in his nature to run away from an enemy. The king knew this decision wouldn’t bring him any popularity with his troops, but at least they would live long enough to understand why the order had to be made. The kingdom had survived the Confederation of Orcs, he didn’t want to have gone through all of that just to lose his people and his knights to this new threat. 
“I shall return to the mines at once, my King,” Ulka said before mounting his horse, taking the cart with him. Before he had even disappeared from sight Yadi took control of the situation as best he could. 
“Atfan,” Yadi began. “Inform Captain Torrin of the situation and tell him to send every guardsmen that was once a sapper to the construction areas, we need to rebuild our walls as fast as possible.”
“Yes, my King,” Atfan said before moving swiftly away. 
“My King may I make a suggestion?” 
“What is it, Regent Jenner?” The king asked. 
“If this army of red is attacking refugee sites it is possible that in their desperation the refugees who survive the attacks may end up descending on Ebulon itself.”
“That is a definite possibility.” King Yadi agreed. 
“With this in mind it may be best if you called Malik for help.” 
“That disrespectful whelp?” Captain Juruz asked. “What good would he be?” 
“I’ll admit the man is not the most tactful person, but he was the one who got farmers and market men to stand and defend the second entry point during the Battle of Ebulon. I believe that he might be able to do the same with the refugees. If he could convince them to stand and fight against this army of red, instead of running away from it then we wouldn’t have to worry so much about the refugees attacking.” 
Yadi could feel Juruz’s marble eyes boring into him, but he also knew that the Regent made a very good point. 
“It would also help deter them from becoming loyal to this Red Lady. The words of an Ebulon soldier or even miner wouldn’t be able to do that,” Yadi replied. 
“My King,” Captain Juruz said through gritted teeth. “Have you forgotten our prior discussion on this matter? We do not know who can hear the call, what if someone or something apart from this Malik hears it? Then we would have far more to worry about than this Red Army, the Sack Swords, the refugees or the orcs returning to attack.”
King Yadi studied the Captain’s eyes in which the anger had been replaced with a sense of panic. Which meant a lot, considering Juruz wasn’t easily rattled. It was a valid concern, but out of the possibilities the refugees attacking seemed more probable. 
“We need to ensure that the ranks of this Red Army aren't swelled further, and I believe this Malik can help prevent it. I shall make the call.” 
Captain Juruz shook his head, anger returning to his eyes as he walked away from his king, not caring that he hadn’t been dismissed. Yadi didn’t say anything about it but he knew that the loyalty of his own troops was wavering. Only, right now he couldn’t do anything about it, he had to focus on the task at hand. 
He looked out towards the world beyond Ebulon, wondering what exactly was happening beyond his city. Regent Jenner could tell that Captain Juruz wasn’t the only one that found his decision unfavorable he found many of the guards and even Captain Oeger looking at him with sour expressions. 
Convincing himself that it was only the king’s opinion that mattered he said, “My King, I should go and wait by the second entry point for Malik to come. I am quite sure that I can convince him to help us.” He was actually anything but sure realizing that he had put his neck on the line, and so would have to find a way. 
“Indeed,” Yadi said. “The rest of us shall return to the hall. Armed with this information we have to make plans in case of an attack.”    
Chapter 14 
Deep within the mountains things were stirring. None of them were dragons, for dragons couldn’t hide so close to Ebulon. But these things were dangerous in their own right. These were people and amongst them there was one who sat alone. Using a large rock for a seat a man sat before a makeshift table, his features dark and sharp. Long strands of very dark brown hair framed his face, reaching down just past his shoulders. He had a collection of scars on his face, several on his cheeks with one in particular across his nose. His eyes were large and impressive, they were eyes that saw the world for what it truly was. He was dressed in thick garments, stained by dirt and worn by wear. His coat was the length of his entire body, once a light green that now appeared quite gray, decorated by several dozen basic buttons. His boots and pants were just as dirty as his coat and it was obvious he hadn’t bathed in quite some time. Still there was nothing pathetic about him, even in such a state he was a sight to behold. 
He clenched a pipe between his teeth as he felt around his coat for a box of matches. There was a time when he would never had to search for them, but supplies were running short. Something that he and the rest of the people deep within the mountain had to deal with. Finally finding a box that had seen better days, he lit his pipe and sucked deeply. He had little desire to be smoking, smoking was hard to enjoy on an empty stomach. But it dulled his taste buds and that was something he greatly desired. 
Before him was a simple meal of orc meat. In order to keep himself alive he had been eating it for the last several months. No matter how it was cooked, whether boiled, fried, seasoned or salted it always tasted foul. Orcs always came in a variety of colours, most were green, some were red or yellow, some even blue. But he had never seen an orc that was gray in colour. This only added to the mystery of why orc meat, no matter how it was cooked, always became gray. It was an ugly colour, which didn’t surprise him. He had never seen an orc that he considered handsome or beautiful and he had seen tens of thousands of them. What he wouldn’t give for some ale to wash it down with, the water springs of the mountain were numerous but even the purity of their water didn’t make the orc meat taste any better. 
He smoked his weed quickly, hopping to dull his taste as much as possible. He was sick of eating orc meat, but his only other choice was to starve. But he had survived too much to die now. Removing the pipe from his mouth he took a knife and fork in hand as he looked down at the pathetic dish. Perhaps if he scoffed it down the taste wouldn’t linger in his mouth. He had taken his fork to it and was about to cut himself off a piece when he was interrupted. 
“Match head?” a voice called from the distance. The light of the sun shone differently this deep into the mountain, the way the light bounced off the rocks left everything in an almost orange eerie glow. It was far from ideal lighting, but there was enough of it to keep the shadows at bay. This meant that the man didn’t have to search hard to see where the voice was coming from. He could see a woman with short blonde hair, dressed in garments as dirty and as worn as his. The only other similarity the two shared in terms of garments was the fact that both wore makeshift armbands, created by torn pieces of potato sacks. “Oh, I am sorry Ged. I didn’t know you were eating.” 
Ged glanced back down at the meal briefly before replying. “No need to apologize, I wouldn’t exactly call this a feast. What is it, Eraloi?” his voice was low and deep, a voice that rarely yelled, because rarely did he have to. 
“Ged we found two refugees moving through the mountain tunnels, they say they were running away from something, but they refused to tell me what. They wanted to speak with you?” 
“Are they soldiers?” Matchhead Ged asked, wondering if he had two new recruits on his hands.  
“I think one of them is, he was carrying a fine sword.” Eraloi said. 
A small smirk appeared on his face as he said, “If that was enough to make you a warrior then simply having a cooked piece of meat in front of me would make me a chef.” 
He took a long breath looking down at his meal, watching as steam rose from it. Whether hot or cold the meal would probably taste just as terrible. “Let’s go see what they have to say for themselves.” 
With that he put his knife and fork down, taking in hand a brutish spiked club. He never went anywhere without a weapon of some kind, friends could become enemies at any moment and so there was never a time in his life where he couldn’t find use for a weapon. Still the club had never felt completely right in his hand, he believed it was because the weapon was never designed to be held by a human. The club had once belonged to an orc, he had personally pried the weapon from its dead hand. As he followed Eraloi down one of the many mountain tunnels he wondered if he had tasted the flesh of that specific orc. He couldn’t remember, his sword had been used so much that one day it broke apart in his hand. The club had been its inferior replacement, but then again it wasn’t like he had much choice. Any weapon was better than none. 
They walked in silence deeper inside the mountain where the tunnel soon gave way to an enormously deep cave. The sounds of sparring and dueling filled the air as men and women trained with brutish weapons. There was hardly a sword, axe, club or spear in this place that had been forged by human hands, but each of these weapons had proven their effectiveness. In simple yet definite signs of respect the men and women bowed their heads slightly as their leader passed before returning to their practice. The only commonality amongst all of them was that each wore a similar piece of potato sack on their upper right arm. 
Matchhead Ged could tell instantly who the two trespassers were, in a cave of thousands of people only two were on their knees, surrounded by well armed individuals. The kneeling pair were both men with at least 15 years between them. The older of the men possessed a short yet impressive beard of black and thick dark hair. The other looked more like a boy, barely 18 years of age, his face carried no shadow of a beard and his hair was long and messy. As Ged and Eraloi approached a warrior extended a sword in its sheave, handle first towards them. Ged rested his club on the ground, leaning it against his leg as he took the weapon. He removed it about a foot from the sheave, admiring its craftsmanship. 
“This is a fine sword indeed,” he said to no one in particular. “Made in the city of Morkuit.” The statement represented his extensive knowledge of weaponry, something that seemed to impress the younger of the two kneeling men. 
“Are you Match Head Ged? Leader of the Sack Swords?” The boy’s tone matched his face, too sweet and innocent for Ged’s liking. 
“That’s him,” the older man said, not bothering to raise his eyes. 
Ged glanced down at the blade once more, it was impressive, but he could tell that it hadn’t been used much, no sword of battle was without dent and this weapon didn’t even have a single blemish. 
“Your tone is surprisingly arrogant for someone on their knees surrounded by people who would have no problem killing you.” Ged said, without a hint of anger. Casually he passed the sword back to the warrior, he guessed it belonged to the older man. “Eraloi informs me that the two of you were running away from something, but would only say what in front of me. Well here you are in front of me, so tell me what were you running away from?” He glanced to the younger one who glanced at the older one, but the arrogant man just kept his gaze lowered. 
“Sir Ged,” the boy said respectfully, bringing a slight smile to Ged’s face, it was rare for anyone to call him sir. “My companion and I were running away from an army, a Red Army that has been attacking refugees.” 
“A Red Army?” Ged asked sharing a glance with Eraloi. The Sack Swords had only been hiding in the mountains for a month and they hadn’t heard of this Red Army. “You mean an elf army? Dressed in red right?” 
“Why would an army of elves attack refugees?” Eraloi asked, haphazardly. 
“You would be surprised the dark pleasures elves have. You don’t become as pompous as they are without having things you want to hide.” 
The younger man looked back and forth between the two as if wanting to make sure it was alright for him to speak. 
“It was no elf army, it was an army like none I have ever seen.” 
“And how many armies have you seen?” Ged asked not finding any of it particularly interesting. 
“Enough to know that the army wasn’t elves, dwarves, orcs or giants.” The older one said these words with an angry conviction, finally looking up into the dark eyes of Ged. 
“Then tell me what were they an army of?” Ged asked, taking the conversation slightly more seriously. 
“They are an army commanded solely by women.” The older one replied. 
To this Ged shook his head slightly. “You are going to have to be more specific than that, an army with only female commanders isn’t exactly unheard of.” 
“You remember the battle of Jous?” Eraloi asked with a smile. 
Ged nodded. “Hard to forget women riding into battle with babies on their backs.”
“It wasn’t an army that you have faced before,” the older one said with conviction. 
“You seem certain of that,” Ged replied. 
“You don’t understand,” the older man said in frustration. “When they attack they kill all the women, but leave most of the men alive, they recruit them into their army.” 
“If I had to guess sounds like Ebulon soldiers playing tricks, they weren’t satisfied with simply kicking the refugees out of their city, now they want to terrorize and kill them while playing dress up.” There was clear disgust in his voice when he said this, his tone utterly serious. 
“It couldn’t have been Ebulon troops, this Red Army has been attacking Ebulon mines as well,” the younger one pointed out. 
Ged shared a glance with Eraloi. “I am liking them already. Sounds like a cause I would definitely sign up for.” 
“Perhaps another refugee army?” Eraloi stated more seriously. “Not every warrior agreed with our ideals when we formed the Sack Swords, we might have a potential rival on our hands,” she added. 
Ged nodded, “not impossible, such tactics aren’t unheard of, you give someone only two options death or recruitment, most will join your cause.” It was clear Ged was speaking from personal experience. 
“They don’t just recruit the men they…” The younger one began. 
“They take the men away and mate with them…” The older one explained. 
To this Ged raised an eyebrow. “If you’re looking for sympathy I think you better choose your words more carefully. After everything I have been through the last couple of months, the idea of being recruited into an army where the women want to mount you doesn’t sound all that bad to me.” 
“You wouldn’t be saying that if you knew what they gave birth to.” The tone of older’s ones voice as he said this made Ged listen more intensely. 
“What are you talking about?” Ged asked cautiously. He had heard a lot of things but never women who gave birth after a single month. 
“I don’t know what they are,” the older man said. “All I can tell you is that I never want to see those things again.” 
“What things?” One of the guarding warriors asked. 
“Foul things, things that don’t belong in this world, things that should only exist in the most mad of minds.” 
“Go on,” Ged asked without a hint of mischief in his voice. 
“Their ranks are swelling, more of these creatures are being born and I haven’t even told you what happens to the men after a certain amount of time.” 
“Tell me now,” Ged said keeping his eyes squarely upon the man. 
“They become covered in dark fur, their features turn into those of a beast, they become nothing more than mindless killers whose loyalty to the Red Lady is greater than any human loyalty.” 
There was a very long moment of tense silence before Ged spoke. “Who is the Red Lady?” 
“I honestly don’t know,” the older man said truthfully. “I have never seen her myself but they talk about it constantly, that the Red Lady is their master and they would never betray her. It is a force that cannot be reasoned with and it is growing in both strength and number with each day that passes.” 
Ged shared a glance with each of the guarding warriors as well as Eraloi, but no one knew what to say. It was clear that none of them had ever heard of such an army before. 
“Ged,” the older one began, his tone no longer apprehensive. “I know that you took three elf arrows at the battle of Bomoom but still managed to kill the archer.” 
“I haven’t taken that many blows to the head I don’t need anyone telling me about my past. I know I have killed elves, dwarves, orcs, and goblins. I have also killed many men, get to your point.” 
“You and the Sack Swords must do something to stop the Red Army.” 
“Must we?” Ged asked casually. 
The older man grunted in clear anger, he tried to stand but was forced back onto his knees. 
“Damn it man!” he began. “How can you speak of such things so nonchalantly! You’re all refugees yourselves! People are suffering!” His bellowed words were loud enough to echo all throughout the cave system, drawing the attention of almost every Sack Sword. 
“Do not act as if we don’t know suffering!” Ged claimed, a razor sharp edge to his raised voice. “There is hardly a man or woman here who hasn’t lost a father, a son, a daughter, a mother, a brother, a sister, a child to starvation, slaughter or the cold!” The older man noticed that Ged had grasped the club again, raising it to his side. “Each of us abandoned by Ebulon and their mighty king Yadi!” His words were venom filled. 
The older man shook his head, “I am not talking about Ebulon…” The glaze of revelation filled his eyes as the air became very silent. “You’re planning on attacking Ebulon itself?” He paused, waiting, hoping that Ged would correct him, but the former mercenary stayed silent. “That’s suicide.” The older man said, his tone soft like a whisper. 
“And attacking this Red Army wouldn’t be?” Ged asked.
“Ebulon is the oldest of the human cities, it has never fallen! Every army that has attacked its walls has been defeated, dwarf armies, elf armies, goblin armies, armies of giants, armies of wizards. The Lich Kings and Vampire Lords of old failed to take it when they were considered invincible. Even the Ulnath who crushed the vampiric empire into dust could not take it! Yadi’s might and valor are almost as well known as his father’s,  he is one of the most revered and feared kings of living memory second only to his father, Aldiadi, a king so renowned that even the elves speak of him in legend. Because of Yadi, Ebulon survived an attack by the Confederation of Orcs and they must have attacked Ebulon with half a million warriors, you have no more than ten thousand.” 
“I have walked through the streets of Ebulon after the battle had taken place, as most of us have. When Yadi had no problem with refugees clearing his streets of dead orcs, only to force us out into the cold where many starved!” Ged took a sharp breath, only as loud as a whisper yet everyone in the caves heard it. “You come here speaking about an army of monsters, trying to scare us into action! Do not talk to us about monsters! You sound like someone from Ebulon. Their city wasn’t the only kingdom attacked! There is not a man or woman here who hasn’t seen the horrors that monsters are capable of!” He rose a finger and pointed to a young woman, standing with her axe lowered. “Huji was pinned to the ground and forced to watch as they gathered up her family and burnt her house to the ground with them inside!” He pointed to another soldier, this one an older man with a crude spear. “They brought a spear into Tolex’s leg so he couldn’t do anything as they decapitated his sons and used their heads like balls to kick around.” He pointed again to a woman roughly his own age as he said, “Yurion had a new born daughter pulled from her arms and was forced to watch as they ate the baby alive!” He lowered his arm, his eyes widened by rage. 
“Go ahead,” he said softly, “point to any man or woman here and there is not one amongst them that hasn’t seen what monsters are capable of.” He paused, the weight of the moment made both captured men lower slightly. “One by one the human cities were destroyed, those fortunate enough to flee would go to the next city, before it too was wiped off the ground, like a nest of bugs. The cycle continued, no one seemed capable of stopping the orcs. But then they attacked Ebulon and they were finally defeated. Ebulon, the greatest city of man was once again seen as a shining beacon of hope, those who lost their homes finally thought there was going to be a shred of salvation, so we all fled there. Cold and starving there was not one amongst us that didn’t believe Yadi would help us. Instead we were used to clean his city…his still standing city of the monsters he had slain, before being forced into the winter, left to die like vermin. We all heard the excuses that Ebulon couldn’t keep us fed or housed as they forced us out. Their walls may have been damaged, but they still stood high enough to keep out the cold. We know that Yadi lost many a soldier during the battle of Ebulon. They are weaker than they have ever been in Yadi’s lifetime. He may have been able to force us out of his city when most of us were unarmed and unorganized. But as you can see we are now very well armed and I assure you we are well organized.” 
“You seem to be forgetting something,” the older man said, refusing to be silenced by the power of Ged’s words, while the younger listened without a word. “Yadi didn’t win the battle for his city without otherworld help. Don’t you realize that if you attack the city he will just call for help again? If the otherworld warriors were able to fight off the Orc Confederation what hope do you have?” 
“You do not have to tell us about the powers of the otherworld warriors, where do you think we got all of these weapons from?” The man’s eyes narrowed and Ged knew he didn’t have an answer for him. “In the valleys of this mountain we found thousands and thousands of dead orc bodies, most of them had been cut into pieces, no human I know wields weapons like that. There were even some bodies that looked like they had been cooked alive, the cause of such an effect I do not know. What I do know is that it presented the Sack Swords with an opportunity to arm ourselves and keep ourselves from starving to death. The raids on the mines weren’t working for us. It seems Yadi keeps his own people on rations, he became all too aware of our raids and so made sure there wasn’t food for us to steal. He was going to just let us starve and it would have worked if we hadn’t found the orc bodies. I am fully aware that Yadi would call for aid if we were to attack the city. So the only chance we have of victory is the element of surprise. We will take the city by storm, capture Yadi and cut his head off before he has a chance to call for aid. We will give him a quick death, better than starving or freezing, I hope he takes comfort in that.” Ged spat. “If we were to reveal ourselves by helping the refugee camps Yadi would call for aid and have the otherworld warriors hunt us down. I am no fool and neither is anyone else here. We will have one chance and one chance only. I refuse to squander it.” Throughout his words his tone carried a calm anger with it.
“So that’s it huh?” the younger one said, showing surprising gusto. “The mighty Match Head Ged will hide in the mountains while defenseless men and women are slaughtered!” 
Ged looked down upon the man, witnessing the anger in his eyes. “Weren’t you listening, boy? We have risked too much and waited patiently for our only chance to take the city. Why do you think I formed the Sack Swords in the first place? I saw so many die from the cold, even with as many matchboxes that I handed out, there was never enough warmth to go around, nor was there any food. Even with winter at its end, there will not be enough food for every refugee. But even if there were enough food, what of shelter? Should we be forced to remain living in caves and in the woods like animals?” 
“You have the ability to save refugees from slaughter and yet you will not raise a finger to help them, you’re no better than Yadi!” These words forged a fire in Ged’s soul prompting him to bring his club down upon the boy. An inch from contact he stopped his swing, impressed that the young man didn’t look away. The boy could tell that his words had rattled Ged. Very Slowly Ged pulled away his club. 
“You cannot compare me with him! I don’t have the resources that he has. All I am doing is trying to keep myself and my fellow warriors alive, that’s all.” He took a long breath calming the fires inside slightly. “You spent too much time listening to the whispers about heroes coming to save the innocent. There are no heroes here, just survivors and we will survive to call Ebulon our home.” To this the younger man stayed silent, but rage was clear in his expression. 
“Ged,” the older man began. “I know you were involved in the battle for Jamik.”
“That’s hardly insightful, every Droakin was there,” Ged replied, the anger slowly seeping out of his tone. 
“But I know that Droak died in your arms,” Ged’s eyes narrowed as the older man told his tale. “When the goblin army had breached the walls and Droak suffered a terrible axe wound. While all the other soldiers, mercenaries and loyalists alike fled you were the only man that didn’t abandon Droak. You stayed by his side and fought like a demon to prevent the goblins from claiming his body.” Ged looked like a man enchanted, his eyes narrowing as if stuck between being awake and being in a dream.
“How do you know this?” Ged asked. 
“Because I was once a Droakin myself, I was there at Jamik. I saw you do everything you could to keep him alive.” Ged simply stared in silence for a long time, the memory like a ball and chain weighing on his mind. 
“I don’t remember you,” he said finally. 
“At one time Droak had an army of 20,000 mercenaries surely you didn’t know all of their names?” 
“I knew the names of those worth remembering,” Ged replied, though the shackles of memory burdened him. 
“Then surely you remember that Droak was the only mercenary commander in living memory that didn’t allow his troops to pillage and plunder, to take from the defenseless. He would always tell us that no savage would ever serve under his command. He even went out of his way to defend villagers that no one else would. Because he believed battle was one thing, slaughter was another.” 
Ged remembered these words all too well, he had lived by them once. 
“Droak is dead,” Ged replied slowly. “As are the Droakins, he was a great man but ghosts cannot aid us now. Memories will not keep us warm or fed, Ebulon can give us both. I shall stick to my original plan, when the time is right we shall take Ebulon. I am not a relic of the past, but a survivor that shall see the future.” Ged appeared like a fly trapped in a spider’s web, conscious but frozen by the strings of the past. 
Seeing this Eraloi spoke up, “for someone who claims to have been a Droakin that is an awfully clean sword you have there.” 
The older one glanced at her, but his eyes were transfixed upon Ged’s as he said,
“That sword was forged by a smith who lived in Genra. I settled there after my life as a mercenary came to an end when Droak fell in battle.” His eyes then began to tremble and in place of anger or apprehension his voice was filled with sorrow. “I don’t need to tell you that Genra was the first human city to fall to the orcs. That sword was meant as a gift to my daughter…but before I could give it to her she was skewed on a spear like a pig to be roasted.” Slowly the man began to rise and while a guard placed a firm hand on his shoulder, he wasn’t forced back to his knees. “I have seen the horrors of monsters, the only comfort I once had was knowing that the orcs had been sent away. But that hope became destroyed when the Red Army came. I have lost my family, I have lost my friends. I have been suffering the cold, slaughter and hunger longer than most. I too want to survive it, but I have learned the only way to truly survive suffering is to do all you can to put a stop to it.”  
Ged merely stood staring at the man for a very long time, thinking and rethinking every word he had just been told. 
“I will put a stop to it, by getting the Sack Swords to a warm city where there is more than just orc flesh to eat.”  
Eraloi knew Ged well and could tell that his mind was in conflict with itself. Much like herself Ged had spent most of his time fighting for coin, not glory but that didn’t mean he was heartless. The older man shook his lowered head, clearly defeated.
“Then let us join you,” the young man said. 
“After everything we just discussed, you want to join us?” Ged asked. 
“As you said, you give someone only two options death or recruitment, most will join your cause, and only death awaits the two of us outside this mountain.” The older man replied. 
Ged thought on their words, a million thoughts cluttering to be heard inside his mind. “What is your name?” Ged asked the older man. 
“Uraod,” he replied simply. 
“And you?” Ged asked the younger man. 
“Nilt sir.” 
Slowly Ged nodded his head. “Give Uraod back his sword and find something Nilt here can wield without killing himself. Bring arm bands for them….I want to see if either one is worth remembering.”  
Chapter 15
Regent Jenner strode over to the second entry point, his head still reeling. He’d expected some captains not to take warmly to his plan of getting Malik to rally the refugees.  Yet it was a good plan, as good as any, for something had to be done. As it was now all the refugees would be doing is sitting targets to be absorbed into this Red Army. While Jenner didn’t enjoy Malik’s company at all, he knew the man was most effective in getting untrained masses to fight like a decent army, hopefully one strong enough to defend itself. 
Jenner climbed to the top of the wall and shaded his eyes to scan the horizon. A lone rider, wearing black crested the horizon not long after. Could it be Malik? Jenner hadn’t expected him so soon, but this could be a sign things were finally starting to look up. 
The rider approached at a breakneck speed, and within minutes he was close enough to hail. Jenner raised his hand, the words, “Malik, welcome!” already formed on his lips. But they died before he uttered them. It wasn’t Malik, but a stranger, wearing a tight fitting black uniform, the hood of his cloak pulled low over his eyes. The mistake was easy to make, this man was dressed similar to how he remembered Malik. 
Jenner hurried down to the courtyard and to the gate. The rider had almost reached it, so Jenner sent the guard away and opened the looking window in the door.
The rider stopped at the gate and pulled off his hood. He looked hardly older than twenty, if that. Yet there was a fire in his deep green eyes that revealed knowledge beyond any human lifespan.  “I have urgent news for King Yadi. Please let me in.”
“Who are you?” Jenner asked. “Are you part of the Camden Guard?” 
He hoped that this man may have come from the same place as Malik, and that Malik might even have sent him in his stead. It would mean he would know how to rally people, but hopefully without Malik’s menace.  
The stranger shook his head. “My name is Kae, and I’m not from your world. I’ve been here before, when you called us to help you defend this city against the orcs. Now I’ve come to warn you of an even more dire attack.”
Jenner felt his head spin. This stranger could only be talking about the Red Army, and hopefully he knew more about them. He waved the guards to open the door, and stood back to let Kae ride in.
“I’ll take you to the King at once,” he said once Kae dismounted. “You can leave your horse here.”
Kae followed Jenner across the courtyard, his separated self already standing next to Yadi in a large stone walled meeting hall, where many men and women sat around a large table with the king at its head. All around him, the aftermath of the battle of Ebulon was still very much in evidence. Crumbled walls, large boulders blocking the path, homes and workshops destroyed. Brown stains covered the stone ground here and there, old blood that had not yet been washed away, and perhaps never would be. Families huddled in houses with no walls, sitting around fires, wrapped in cloaks and blankets.  How long has it been since the battle? Clearly not very long, these people didn’t even have time to rebuild yet.
Once they reached the tower where the king was, Jenner took the stairs two at a time. Kae could feel the glances of the tower guards bore into him and the servants walked past him with their heads lowered, filled with doubt and concern.
The hall fell to silence as Kae and Jenner entered. The emotions of every man and woman present flooded Kea’s mind through his separated self. Anger, confusion, concern, fear and doubt, mingled with his own feelings until he could hardly tell where his mind ended and the others’ began. He held on tightly to the guilt that still predominated in his own mind, guilt over defying his orders, going against the Head Priest openly and breaking his oaths as a Protector. But he was doing the right thing coming to warn King Yadi, he had no doubt about that.
“What is it, Jenner?” the king asked, clearly struggling not to yawn. 
“This is Kae of the Protectors. Apparently you have met him before, during the siege of Ebulon,” Jenner explained. “He comes bearing some dire news.”
By the look in the weary eyes of the king, Kae could tell that Yadi remembered the Protectors just not him specifically. Not surprising, they hadn’t even spoken then. Yadi seemed to have aged twenty years since Kae last saw him. He seemed vulnerable, almost frail, and Yadi wasn’t the only one. Everyone gathered at the table seemed weary like they had been cursed by some dark magic that had robbed them of strength.
“Welcome again to my city, Kae, did you get lost in the mountains on your way back to your own world? I apologize for not thinking that far ahead, the winters of this world can be harsh, I should have organized escorts for you.” 
Kae could feel the sincerity in the King’s voice, and some small bursts of animosity coming from some of the others around the table. Some of that was his own though. He resented the king’s accusation that he might have gotten lost. Such a thing would never happen to him.
Kae swallowed his pride though. He stood before the king, hands clasped behind his back and took a moment to group his thoughts. “My leader, Head Priest Rhaldan, is here, as are whole armies of other villains. They have been summoned here by the Ulnath, to help them get something called the Shadow Stone.” 
There was an exchange of glances between those gathered, but the king didn’t look away from Kae. He leaned forward and the expression on his face made it seem like this was the most important thing he had ever heard.
 “Who issued the call? I am the only one with the ability,” Yadi said.
“There was a man with the Ulnath about 20 years old. Morzu they called him.” 
The silence that filled the room felt like pure ice. Yadi slumped back in his chair, strength taken from him like something had been plucked out of his very soul. His hands were trembling, his eyes were darting back and forth frantically like they were trying to escape the sockets. He stood up suddenly, his labored breath suggesting something was suffocating him. “Give Kae whatever he wants, I must be alone.” 
Yadi walked out of the room like something was chasing him, something he couldn’t face. What could have startled the king enough to run from the room? He could have just ordered his subjects to leave instead. 
Though not liking the further bad news he was about to bring, Kae needed to kill the silence, for it was like a horrible shadow lurking over all of them. 
“More than just Rhaldan answered Morzu’s call, thousands of creatures have come as well” Kae said. “They have beasts too. Flying monsters, bigger than a house.”
His warnings were only met with further silence. Everyone gathered here was staring downwards into nothingness, they seemed too shocked by the mention of Morzu to comprehend what he had just been said. Eventually one did raise his head. He was the most formidable looking man Kae had ever seen in Ebulon. His frame and features seemed specifically bred to belong to a warrior, even his blonde beard appeared like a kind of armor designed to protect his face. But even he seemed defeated by the revelation. Kae could tell by the engravings of his armor this man was a captain in the Ebulon army. His powerful blue eyes were the kind that could send fear into enemies and bravery into allies. But all that permeated this man’s emotions now were sorrow and shock. 
“The man you speak of...there is a chance that it might be the King’s son Viadi…” he took a long breath, like the growl of weary bear. 
“Why is he fighting with the Ulnath then?” Kae asked before thinking better of it. Morzu’s betrayal of his father was grave, but not unlike Kae’s own.
“King Yadi had only just been crowned king, and he was eager to prove himself as a worthy ruler,” the captain continued. “His father, King Aldadi was considered the greatest king in Ebulon history and Yadi was determined to live up to his father’s legacy. To do so, he had vowed to rid the Harrow mountains of orcs,’ Juruz tightened his breath.
“Initially, Yadi’s campaign was successful. Even the stubborn Foloa dwarves, who dwelt in the mountains, were impressed by his efforts, and they organized a special banquet in his honor. Yadi, knowing how important such an event was for his reputation took his wife and infant son along with him, as well as an escort of 500 highly trained men. However, the celebration proved far too early for the orcs hadn’t abandoned the Harrow Mountains. They were simply regrouping.” 
Captain Juruz visibly shuddered while delivering this story, a thing Kae would not have expected from such a seasoned warrior.
“A force of 5,000 orcs ambushed the escort. The Queen, Yadi’s wife Evahaher was one of the first to die in the attack, which was a hectic, bloody thing that ended quickly with few survivors on Ebulon’s side. The orc numbers were simply too great to defeat.” 
The memory seemed to weigh down Juruz’s mind, for he lowered his head before continuing with soft, slow words.  “Only the King and I escaped. We fled the scene upon a single horse. Until this moment…everyone in the whole kingdom was certain that it was only the King and I that had survived the ambush. Now it seems that Viadi, the King’s son lived too. The last time I saw him, he was lying in a puddle of blood still clutched by the queen, even in death.” 
Juruz’s stomach cramped in pain remembering Yadi’s wails when he saw them. It took all the strength Juruz possessed to drag the king away from battle that day.
Yet Juruz now had little doubt that Viadi was indeed alive. Only, the reunion between father and son would likely prove as bloody as their separation all those years ago. With the captain’s last words, a sickening silence returned to the room. Pure, painful, crippling sorrow filled the hall. 
“Kae,” Regent Jenner finally broke the silence. “The journey from Za-xayek must’ve been long and tiring, let me escort you to get something to eat.” 
Kae couldn’t bring himself to speak in the sorrow and dread-filled silence of the hall, so he simply nodded and followed Regent Jenner’s lead. 
Chapter 16
A tall man materialized from the darkness at the top of the stairs as Jenner led Kae back down the tower stairs. Kae’s hand jerked to the hilt of his sword. Even his separated self had failed to notice this man. It was unnerving, disturbing even, how the man’s sudden appearance, resembled that of the shadowy stranger back at Za-xayek. This man’s hair was dark blue, but once he emerged out into the light Kae could tell he wasn’t an Ulnath. 
“Soin,” Jenner said his voice soft and weak. Clearly he too had been rattled by Kae’s revelations.
Soin inclined his head, his mystical eyes just as somber as Jenner’s. “I can take the Protector to get something to eat, considering what he just told us we will have a lot of work to do, your advice and council will be more useful than mine.”
Jenner nodded. “I understand. Kae, please go with, Soin.” He hurried up the stairs, back towards the meeting hall, leaving Kae alone with the stranger.
“There is no need to fear me,” the Shadow Mage said. 
“I’m not afraid of you,” Kae countered, hoping the lie wasn’t too evident in his voice. The man had little human presence and the shadows lashed around him like whips before fading into his clothing, like they were a part of him, like he was formed of shadow. Perhaps that was the reason Kae had not noticed him in the tower room before.
“Come, lets walk,” the mage offered and descended the stairs. 
Kae followed a step behind. While he had little reason to distrust Jenner, the same couldn’t be said for this shadow mage. The way he had appeared was just a little too similar to Ulnath magic. 
“We’re leaving the tower?” Kae asked, posing it as a question, hoping Soin would realize what he was getting at. 
Clearly he did, for the mage replied, “Food supplies are low in the city, we have had to ration them to such an extent that the kitchens of the royal tower are empty. During the Battle of Ebulon much of the food reserves were burned or stolen and with winter upon us, there was little land left suitable for growing new crop.” 
Kae could see for himself the ravages that the battle had taken on the city, and the fact that even food was scarce seemed even more ominous. But he had promised that refugee he would ask for help from Ebulon. He remembered what the refugee had told him, that there was no harm in asking, and Kae held onto that. Help didn’t seem likely though. 
“In a valley not far from here, I came across thousands of refugees. They had first fled the Orc Confederation and now the Red Army, and many of them are starving. They need help if they are to survive.” 
Soin nodded very heavily, clearly burdened by such a reality. “If we had food to spare we would have handed it out to them after the Orc Confederation went back into the Rainlands and began attacking elf settlements there. But we simply don’t have any food to give away. We hardly have enough to feed our own people and soldiers. Our king is a merciful and just man. In the past, he often traded with the other human kingdoms, even sent rations to struggling allies. But in those days, Ebulon was much stronger.”
Now Kae was the one to nod with heaviness. “The Battle of Ebulon was one of the bloodiest battles I have ever been apart of.” 
“It was slaughter on a scale this city had rarely seen before,” Soin replied. 
They’d reached the courtyard in front of the tower and the mage paused to take in their surroundings. Kae followed his gaze. The harsh noon sunlight revealed that some parts of the city were mere relics, frail and decaying, like no one had lived within them for several centuries. 
“When you and the 50 other protectors came to lift the third entry point I was grateful to see you,” Soin said. “Without your help it would have been overrun.” 
Kae was about to nod when the words struck him deeper, causing him to stop walking. Soin was quick to notice this, looking back at the young man with his mystical eyes. “You saw us fighting during the battle?” Kae asked.
“Indeed I did, it was my responsibility to watch over the third entry point and report back to King Yadi about what occurred there.” 
Kae was uneasy about hearing this. The battle was chaotic but he was certain that if he had seen this Soin there he would have remembered. This could only mean that Soin had watched from the shadows, just like the Ulnath who had offered Rhaldan the soft bed.
Cautiously Kae followed Soin once more only staying two steps behind now, his hand ready to grasp the sword if the need arose. No one crossed their path as they traversed the city. Ebulon felt so empty to the point it felt haunted. It didn’t help either that this emptiness reminded him a little too much of Za-xayek.
“I must admit it is a little unnerving to think men of the same cloth as those Protectors are now cooperating with the Ulnath,” the mage continued.
Kae agreed, he hated the idea of it, he hated how Rhaldan was exploiting his fellow Protectors and he hated Rhaldan. But the line of thought made him want to ensure the message he had brought to this city was properly heard.
Now walking alongside Soin he said, “The Ulnath plan to attack this city using the otherworld forces as their army, which includes Protectors.” 
A long worrying breath left the lips of the shadow mage, it sounded not quite natural and more like a bizarre whistle.
“Unfortunately it was only a matter of time before those orcs found a way to attack us in great numbers, I just wished they hadn’t chosen such an opportune time,” the mage said. “As you doubtlessly noticed, Ebulon is hardly ready for another battle. But these orcs must have seen that and are using it to their advantage.”
“Orcs?” Kae asked. “No, they are the Ulnath and look nothing like orcs.”
 “The Ulnath are orcs,” the mage said simply, but perhaps noticing Kae’s confused look continued quickly. “The Ulnath are the oldest of the orc tribes. This world is positioned where the shadows of every single world intersect and it was created by a group of gods who had secretly traveled the other worlds and recreated their favorite race.”
“One god recreated man, one recreated the elves, one recreated the orcs and so on. When they were finished, the gods wanted to know which tribe was the most loyal and so shone the light of their power upon the newly created world. The light was immense, and it was a test to see who was truly loyal to them. The orcs were the first to look away and so they spent the most time wandering the darkness beyond the light. While many of their brethren became twisted and disfigured, the Ulnath clung to the old ways and so with the exception of their skin turning a pale green, they maintained most of their original appearance. And this is why they do not look like the orcs you remember defeating on your first visit to Ebulon. I understand your confusion Kae. They are a much different kind of darkness to any other orc tribe of this world.”
Kae saw that as an understatement. The orcs he remembered were savages, not nearly as sophisticated as the Ulnath. Although they were just as sadistic.  
“So the orcs lost the favor of the gods early on, then?” he asked.
“The god who created the orcs was furious that they had turned away from the light so quickly,” the mage explained. “As for the other races, they too eventually turned away from the light, but had looked at it long enough to retain the favor of the gods that created them. The very last person to look away from the light was a man called Itio. He looked at that powerful light so long that he went blind, and never looked away.”
 “That’s some devotion. Was he rewarded?” Kae commented. History lessons bored him for the most part. But this one was one he could relate to. Duty, honor and loyalty. Only, hadn’t he just thrown all that away by coming to Ebulon?
The mage smiled. Unlike the smiles of the Ulnath it was a gentle welcoming gesture. “Yes, because of this devotion the gods decided to grant him the power of the call. What that means is that his bloodline, and his bloodline only, holds the power to communicate with the other worlds.”
“So Yadi is a descendant of this Itio?” Kae’s betrayal of his oaths to the Protectors couldn’t be so bad if it was in aid of one favored by the gods. 
The mage nodded. “Precisely, Itio was the first of Yadi’s bloodline.”
“And the Shadow Stone, the thing the Ulnath seek, is that part of Yadi’s inheritance too?”
 “No, the Shadow Stone is merely a myth,” the mage replied. “There are thousands of stories that speak of it, many saying it was either lost or destroyed, or that it perhaps never existed at all.” 
Kae doubted that. The Ulnath didn’t seem like fools and the few times he had overheard them speaking about the Shadow Stone they always did so in whispers, like someone speaking of a sacred secret. What annoyed him now is that he hadn’t heard them speak of where the stone was supposed to be specifically. A part of him cursed himself for not sticking around longer at Za-xayek, maybe if he had he would now posses such knowledge. 
“The Ulnath seem quite convinced it is real,” he said, willing the mage to understand just how dire this message was. “And they mean to use it to destroy Ebulon.”
Though, if the mage was right, Rhaldan would be quite disappointed that all his plotting and scheming had been in vain. A small bubble of joy erupted in Kae’s mind at the thought of the Head Priest so sorely disappointed.
“I believe it was the Ulnath themselves that started the myth of the Shadow Stone long ago,” the mage explained. “The legend states it was actually the Ulnath who, 100,000 years ago convinced Queen Ebuwin, an ancestor of king Yadi, to build the Tower of Ebulon as a sign of strength to all the other cities of the world. The city is named after her, you know?”
“Why would a queen take the advice of the Ulnath?” Kae asked. 
“Ebulon was the first great city of man and was constantly under attack by other human tribes, who were desperate to live within its walls. There came a time when a massive confederation of human tribes banded together in order to take the city. Heavily outnumbered, Ebulon was on the brink of collapsing when an army of 300,000 Ulnath came to its aid. The city as well as the Ulnath themselves suffered staggering losses. They lost all but a handful of the troops they had sent, but because of the Ulnath’s aid the city was saved. Legends claim that the Ulnath had helped the city in a bid to gain favor with the gods once again, hoping that by saving the descendent of Itio they would accomplish this,” the mage elaborated. “The Ulnath even went so far as to share their knowledge of shadow magic with the Ebulon mages, magic that Ebulon Mages still use to this day. However even these deeds were not enough to grant them favor with the gods. In their anger upon realizing this, they tried to take control of Ebulon. But by that time they were too few in number and Queen Ebuwin was able to force them out of the city.”
If nothing else, this explanation eased Kae’s fear that Soin was actually an Ulnath, since he now knew why his magic resembled the Ulnath’s so much. “Were these Ulnath part of the last attack on Ebulon? I don’t remember seeing them there.” 
And Kae was certain he would remember them if he did.
“They were not here then. Even the other orcs fear the Ulnath and want little to do with them.”  
Having been around the Ulnath himself he couldn’t blame the other orcs for their fear. 
When Soin stopped it took Kae a moment to realize why. The wind brought the sounds of training and soon his eyes were drawn to a group of men and women doing drills close by. He had been too immersed in what the mage was telling him to realize where Soin had been taking him. 
Soin looked at a short man, and he approached immediately. Likely he was a servant of some kind. 
“Sir Soin, how may I be of assistance?” 
“This is Kae, he has traveled long and far to bring aid to this city, he needs something warm to eat. Please take him to an eating hall and prepare some stew for him.” 
“Of course, Sir Soin.” The little man replied before turning and being on his way.
Turning to face Kae Soin said, “My apologizes Kae, while Regent Jenner is wise, I too must be ready to give advice to the king whenever he needs it.”  
“Wait, Soin!” Kae began, worried the man would disappear in a cloud of shadow. Patiently Soin waited for him to speak. “That large group of refugees that I passed on my way here. If you bring them to Ebulon, the city’s walls would be strengthened.”
It was more than his desire to help the refugees that made him say this. If even other orcs feared the Ulnath, what chance had a weakened Ebulon of defeating them?
For a long moment Soin just stared at him, nothing on his face betraying his thoughts. 
Finally Soin spoke. “You may have a point. I will speak to the king of it.”
And then he vanished into shadow. 
All this talking with no action could get them all killed sooner rather than later, Kae was sure. And he hadn’t come here to argue with kings and mages. He came to help them survive. 
Chapter 17 
King Yadi had retreated to the room of royal memory, the room of royal history. Both names were fitting, because it was in this room, surrounded by the texts of his bloodline that Yadi was reminded of his history and the legacy to which he tried to live up to. Kae’s words echoed in his mind, like a violent scream of someone falling through an endless abyss. His son was alive. He had to be. Viadi still breathed. There was no other possibility. 
Yadi had been his father’s only son and possessed no sisters. It was his bloodline and his bloodline alone that had the power of the call. As powerful as the Ulnath were, there was no way they would’ve been able to replicate this power, for only the gods could grant such gifts and the Ulnath had turned away from all the gods of this world. Sitting alone in that room Yadi, didn’t look like a king, he looked like a broken man, bent and defeated by the weight of memory and revelation. 
He slowly glanced around the room at the texts on the wall. The records of the great acts his ancestors had performed fueled his memories making the semblance clear in his mind. The day he lost his wife and son played out, not just in his mind, but seemingly by the power of memory alone that day came to life once more. He was no longer seeing phantoms of hunger, but real phantoms of his past, the kind whose haunting wasn’t easily dealt with. His wife never screamed, she never had the chance to, for she was the first to suffer an orc arrow. He didn’t even have time to acknowledge her death on that day, because she may have been the first victim but certainly wasn’t the last. The orcs seemed to rise up out of the ground, like some mass of foul black mist, engulfing the king’s escort. His troops were ambushed from all sides, cut down like cattle. 
He remembered their screams, the vile orc chants, the blood and the second of intense silence before the world as he knew came to a violent bloody end. There were no orc drums that day, one of the few times the orcs hadn’t performed their dark battle ceremonies. They were willing to break their own traditions if it meant they had a chance to kill the invader.
That is what Yadi had been that day, not a liberator like he had called himself. He had no business being in the Harrow Mountains, they weren’t Ebulon territory and the orcs of those mountain had never threaten Ebulon trade routes. But the Harrow mines had never been taken from the orcs, not by elves, not by men, not by dwarves. He had once thought it was a great place to prove his mettle, to earn his place amongst his ancestors. What a fool he had been, blinded by ambition, by the notion of living up to his father’s legacy. Because of his stupidity he had lost his wife and thought he had lost his son. 
The phantoms of memory became stronger, the image of his wife dying playing over and over again, like a hammer driving a nail into his mind. He didn’t try to block it out because he deserved this haunting. 
He remembered how Captain Juruz had saved him from orc axes and taken him away before he too could be killed. He also remembered that over all the bloodletting and screaming, the cries of his infant son, his baby boy who had no one to protect him from harm. He heard those cries, those shrieking sounds of a helpless innocent. They now replaced the words of Kae, the screams from those tiny lungs echoed in his mind like the tolling of cemetery bells. 
There was a part of him that knew he couldn’t have saved his son, his escort was being butchered and if it hadn’t been for the quick thinking of Juruz, he would’ve died that day. But that part of him barely could be heard over the phantom screams. 
Yadi had never married again. No woman could ever live up to his memory of his dear Evahaher. There was rarely a day that went by when he didn’t think of her and his son. The idea that the Ulnath had taken his son made Yadi feel sick to his very soul.
What kind of name was Morzu? His son’s name was Viadi. There was a part of him that wanted to march his entire army right to the city of the Ulnath and take back his son. The phantom screams of fear were now becoming the blood bellows of battle. But it was through such foolhardiness that he had lost his son in the first place. What would he tell his son anyway, that he was sorry, that he was a fool, that in order to live up to his father’s memory, he risked the lives of the boy and the boy’s mother? 
It was then that the revelation further weighed on him. His son would be 20, no longer a boy, but a man, raised by the foulest creatures in this world, the oldest enemy of Ebulon. The memory tasted like poison in his mouth, as vile and as fresh as the very day that ambush had happened.
With a very distant gaze in his eyes he finally realized that he was no longer alone in this room. Aftan the advisor had entered although Yadi had no memory of him doing so. Aftan had addressed the king multiple times but even the raising of his voice hadn’t broken his king out of his trance of memory. 
“Forgive me my King, I did not mean to break your concentration,” he said slowly. He could only imagine what the king was going through, Yadi was a good man and Atfan knew the burden he must have been feeling. 
“What is it?” Yadi asked, flatly, seemingly all emotion taken from his tone.
“Commander Alatearame has returned from the mines, she has something vital that she must tell you of in private.” Yadi took a long breath, his mourning would have to be pushed to the back of his mind for now. 
He merely nodded, “Send her in,” he added in that flat tone. 
Atfan simply nodded and left the room, quickly being replaced by the Commander. Yadi could tell by the dry blood on the side of her head that her retreat from the mines hadn’t been a quiet one, but like the great warrior she was, she had survived it. 
“Are you alright, my King?” she asked, seeing how disheveled he looked. He appeared like a man who had had his very soul taken away from his body by some evil magic. Clearly Atfan hadn’t informed her of Kae’s revelation, perhaps he thought it best that she hear it from her king. But he couldn’t bring himself to talk about it, not even to the Commander who had served him so well over these years. Even speaking about it would bring the memory back to life, it would break open the damn and a river of tears would’ve fallen from his eyes. No, now wasn’t the time to speak of it. If nothing else her words would be a welcomed distraction to his problems, even if she was only bringing more problems. 
“Want do you want to tell me?” he asked, morosely, clearly avoiding her question. She allowed the matter to drop, she had a revelation of her own. 
“I have evacuated the mines as you ordered, my King. I am afraid that the Red Army was able to get to some of the mines before I could.” 
Yadi knew her well enough to read the look in her eyes and even with a distracted mind he asked, “How many Ebulon lives did we lose?” 
“Too many,” was her heavy reply. “ Whatever these things are they are well organized and are as formidable as any warrior Ebulon has. But I noticed something else. In each mine site I checked, the Red Army didn’t take a single piece of gold or silver, nor did they raid any of the supplies. In other words they weren’t after anything but human lives, for what purpose I do not know. But what I do know is once they have killed or taken all of the refugees they will be looking for more lives, which means…”
“They will march on Ebulon.” Yadi stated rather than asked. 
To this the Commander nodded. “I have seen them march in groups, their numbers are growing my King.” 
“How many?” Yadi asked. 
The Commander shook her head, “The exact number I do not know, but at least ten thousand and that is only counting the groups I saw.” 
Yadi nodded at this revelation but didn’t appear overly surprised. There had been nothing pure about the creature that had been presented to him by Lieutenant Ulka. It had a foulness that was usually only preserved for orcs and their hatred of mankind was well known. 
“There is something else my King, something far more disturbing.” 
“What is it?” Yadi asked, knowing that Alatearame was never one to be easily rattled. 
She swallowed hard, the words stuck in her mouth. “On one of the mine sites that the Red Army reached before I did…there was over four thousand dead Ebulon troops. None of the mines had that many soldiers, I made sure of that. Even the largest mines were defended by no more than 500 men…” Yadi narrowed his eyes as the Commander continued. “In other words my King, at least 3500 troops had marched from the capital in a bid to reclaim the mines.” By the look in his eyes she knew the answer before she had even asked. “Did you give the order to reclaim the mines?” 
“No,” Yadi replied before they both shared a short moment of silence. 
“I was afraid of that,” the Commander said. In that moment a fresh memory came to Yadi one of Captain Juruz walking off after his demand that the mines be protected was turned down. It hadn’t been the first time Juruz had walked away from the king without being dismissed. Five years ago the King never would’ve even entertained the dark notion in his mind. But these were desperate times, his command and judgment didn’t carry the power or respect that it once had. 
“Summon the captains to meet in the courtyard before the tower.” 
“Yes my King,” Alatearame said, deeply concerned that a captain may have given such a bold order without permission from the king. The mines had been her responsibility and she had followed the king’s orders to the letter. She had fought against the Red Army and knew how formidable they were. She also knew that if the mines hadn’t been evacuated there was a good chance that every worker and soldier under her command would now be killed. She didn’t know what this Red Army was, all she knew was that it wouldn’t stop killing, wouldn’t stop forcing people into the service of whoever the Red Lady was. 
Now alone once more the king felt weary both in mind and in body. His kingdom was falling apart all around him and with each moment that passed there seemed less and less he could do about it. The memory of the day he lost his wife and son refused to be silenced, those phantoms enjoyed lurking in his mind not just in the corridors of memory. Time didn’t pass for him, and he didn’t know how long he sat there stewing in misery and anger.
All he knew was when he left that room and went to the courtyard every captain was waiting for him. They stood at attention, seemingly not knowing why they had been summoned there. King Yadi knew he had to appear strong, whatever memories haunted his mind had to be silenced for the time being. He took a deliberate moment to look each of the captains in the eye, each looked back, none showing any sign of betrayal. He briefly glanced towards the Commander who stood off to the side, accompanied by a number of his regular escort. 
“Commander Alatearame informs me that at least 3500 troops from the capital were at the mines. They weren’t under her command and I know that I never gave such an order. You all had been informed of what my decision was, we would consolidate our forces within Ebulon itself. Is there any captain here that wasn’t aware of my orders?” 
Carefully he looked to each of them but none spoke up. “I take it from your silence that means that you all knew…” He paused for a long moment, wanting the silence to weigh heavily upon any guilty conscience. “So this must mean that at least one captain went against my command. Not only did you go against your king, but at least 3500 Ebulon lives are gone because of your betrayal, which didn’t gain anything!” 
With each word he spoke anger filled his tone. “In fact such a betrayal may have done nothing more than increase the strength of this Red Army! A force that the Commander informs me shall be marching upon this very city and now we have 3500 less troops to defend our home! You are all experienced men and women, do you not understand the desperate situation Ebulon has found itself in over the last couple of months! We cannot afford to be so stupid. There will be more orphans, widows and widowers in a city that has become filled with little more than orphans, widows and widowers. We have lost enough Ebulon lives! We don’t need to lose anymore!” 
His wrath was felt by each of the captains, his vigor reminding each of them of the great king that deep down he truly was. “Do you think I like being in such a desperate situation? Do you think that I haven’t suffered hurt pride and frustration just like all of you? Do you think that I chose these circumstances? No! But I am doing all I can to make sure that this city survives. I have lost just as much as each of you! I don’t want to lose any more Ebulon Lives! Is it too much to ask, no to command that my captains do the same!” 
Again the captains kept their silence, the glare of their king cut through them like an axe through water damaged wood. “I am the King of Ebulon, I have made mistakes, never claimed that I haven’t. But these orders were given so Ebulon could survive and now 3500 men and women, sons and daughters of this city have been killed for no reason. I demand to know which amongst you gave the order.” When none spoke Yadi yelled again, “I will not have so many dead bodies on my conscience, whoever gave the order will be held accountable. Those widows, widowers and orphans shan’t be ignored and this betrayal shall not be forgotten. None of you are leaving here until the betrayer steps forward! Your king commands it!” Silence fell like rain upon the courtyard every captain and advisor trapped within this soundless storm. 
“How can you be so sure that any captain gave the order, my King?” The question came from Captain Juruz, who stared at his king with unflinching eyes. Yadi quickly approached him, barely a foot between them as he asked, “Why would you say such a thing?” He hadn’t forgotten that Juruz had walked away from him when these orders were initially given. “Many of the troops have felt the frustration of these times, they are not use to hiding or running away from their enemies.” 
“And I am?” Yadi yelled, his voice filled with anger. “Have I ever retreated from a battle that I thought we could win? Can you name a single time Juruz!” To this the Captain merely stared back but his silence somehow felt disrespectful. “It has been twenty years since I sent any one of my troops into a suicidal situation. A day has not gone by where I haven’t regretted doing that, but I have never done it again! I have enough innocent blood on my hands as have whoever gave the command.” 
He waited for a confession that never came and so he began to walk back and forth before the captains, pacing like a hungry wolf. “Do you expect me to believe that no one gave such an order, that 3500 troops collectively agreed to disobey me?” When they kept their silence Yadi stopped pacing and shook his head. “So you all think I am a fool do you? I know that none of you are stupid, you each earned a place under my command. You know this as well as I. So you know that I would find it impossible to believe that none of you noticed troops disappearing from their posts and yet not one word of it reached me, but I know that it must’ve reached at least one of you.” 
They all kept their silence and that is when it hit him like a rock slide. He had lost control of his army, ever since the Battle of Ebulon he was aware that there were some that didn’t respect or admire him as they once had. He knew that few of his decisions were popular, but it was only now he realized just how bad it had become. Whether one of his captains gave the command or the troops defied orders themselves, the fact that none of them stepped forward with any information was proof of this. He waited a moment longer hoping this wasn’t true, that there would be a way to pull them back from the edge but the captains remained tight-lipped. 
“The Ulnath, the oldest and most dangerous of the orc tribes have called evil from other worlds to come into our own with the purpose to destroy us once and for all. This army of red is working with them as well as other evils. It will be only a matter of time before they are at our door, I won’t allow that to happen, I will not allow the city streets to be filled with the blood of my people. Hear this order and hear it well, gather your troops and have them prepare for battle. You tell me that my troops are tired of hiding and running away, than so be it! We shall march against this enemy and meet them at Sorn field!” Silence remained but there were clear looks of shock on the faces of both captains and advisors alike, but there was also a faint look of agreement, even if some of the captains were painfully trying to hide it. 
“The Ulnath seem to want to get revenge against Ebulon for what occurred 100,000 years ago. I am sick of such a threat looming over us, we shall defeat them once and for all.” His words garnered no cheers from his captains, but at the least the silence no longer felt so disrespectful. “You have your orders and I demand that you each follow them to the letter, we will hide no longer, prepare to march!” One by one the captains moved away, they didn’t walk with gusto or with valor, but at the least they were following this order. 
“My King,” Alatearame spoke gently, seeing the emotion in her king’s eyes. Carefully she stepped towards him, the silence around her far from disrespectful. She was the single military officer whose loyalty he had no doubt of.  
“You have your orders Commander,” he said before she had a chance to speak.
“Yes, my King,” she replied, knowing her king well she recognized the fire in his eyes, this decision may have been in haste, but the gods themselves wouldn’t convince him otherwise. Alatearame gave a slight bow of respect before turning, knowing what orders she had to follow. 
Silence filled the caught yard, but didn’t last long for the advisors could sense what Alatearame was going to address. 
“My King do you think it is wise to meet them in open battle?” Atfan asked. Yadi knew that his words actually meant that he didn’t think it was wise to engage the enemy in open battle. That didn’t worry Yadi too much, it was more that apart of him agreed with the doubt. 
“You saw it yourself, Atfan,” the king explained. “Their loyalty is frayed at best, frustration and desperation have overshadowed the vows each of them gave to me. If I remained behind these walls while this Red Army and the Ulnath pillaged the countryside I would lose every trace of respect and the army wouldn’t consider me their king anymore. And without them none of us would survive, it will be the campaign of the Orc Confederation all over again.” 
Atfan merely nodded his now heavy head, he hated the fact that this was true, but there was no denying it any longer. 
“If I am to keep my Kingdom and regain their loyalty I need to defeat this enemy in open battle.” 
“But we do not know the enemy numbers, we could be outnumbered three to one,” another advisor pointed out, not accepting what Atfan already had. 
“I realize this as well,” the king commented. “The Ulnath have called evils from other worlds to aid them so I shall call for otherworld heroes to aid us. Just like I did during the battle of Ebulon. Except this time I shall not hide within my tower I shall command and lead from the front line, my sword shall cleave the first wound.” 
“My King, I agree with your plan,” Regent Jenner explained. “But Malik didn’t answer the call, I realize that many of the otherworld heroes are more selfless than he is. But we have no idea if the otherworld heroes will be able to come, perhaps all of them will, perhaps none of them.” King Yadi nodded, he understood this but had no answer for it. 
“King Yadi,” Soin began stepping forth. “I agree with Regent Jenner, we may not know who will come and aid us from these other worlds but we have a potential ally in this world.” 
“The Elf Nation? They will not aid us again, I have received no call for help from them, it seems this Red Army and the Ulnath aren’t interested in taking their lives.” 
“That may be my King, but I was actually talking about the refugees.” 
“What about them?” Yadi asked with narrowed eyes. 
“Kae informed me that there is a large number of them hiding in a certain valley, some of them were once warriors, quite formidable I am told. We could use their help in defeating this Red Army,” the mage explained. 
“What good would they be to us, if they are hiding they must not have the weapons to defend themselves with.” Atfan pointed out. 
“This is true my King, but that wouldn’t be the case if we armed them ourselves, we have plenty of weapons and not enough men or women to wield them.” 
“Do you really think that is wise to put weapons into the hands of so many potential enemies?” Regent Jenner said, more out of concern than anything else. 
“Kae informs me that they were hiding specifically from this Red Army. We would be giving them a chance to avenge their fallen loved ones.” 
“Still,” Atfan began. “They have no loyalty to Ebulon.” 
“No, but Kae does,” Soin pointed out. “He answered the call to defend this city during the battle of Ebulon. He traveled all the way from Za-xayek to tell us about what the Ulnath were up to. He told me that he told the refugees that he would find a way to help them. Perhaps this can be his way, he can lead them into battle alongside our own army, the refugees have no reason not to trust him.” 
“But what happens if we allow the refugees into the city, arm them and then they take control of Ebulon?” Regent Jenner asked. 
“Well we wouldn’t let them into the city, not all of them anyway, every able bodied man and woman would have to agree to fight for us first, we would arm them at the city gates but not before we take in their children and their elderly.” 
“And hold them hostage?” Atfan asked, clearly not opposed to such an idea.
“Essentially yes,” the mage replied. “Although we should be far more diplomatic in our wording when telling the refugees of our plan.”
“What do you think my King?” Regent Jenner asked, realizing that Yadi was the only one not nodding. 
“At the very least it would stop the Red Army from swelling its ranks further.” Atfan pointed out. 
King Yadi finally nodded. “I agree with such a plan. Where is Kae now?” 
“I believe he is in one of the dining halls.” 
Again the king nodded, “Okay I shall go and see Kae myself.” 
“My King forgive me if this is out of term but perhaps it is best if I speak to him,” the mage said. “After all you have a battle to prepare for and time is of the essence.”
There was a piece of Yadi that wanted to remind the mage that he was king and his word was final. But the mage made a good point, not to mention the fact he didn’t need to strain the loyalty of any more of his people. “I understand, please inform Kae that I am forever grateful to him. Also please apologize to him on my behalf, as you said I have a battle to prepare for.” King Yadi slowly walked away. He had listened to the screams of the mental phantoms inside his mind long enough. Soon they would be replaced by real life screams at Sorn Field. 
Chapter 18 
Kae leaned against the broken ruins of a once majestic pillar, left where it fell during the battle of Ebulon, and watched the officers try to teach a group of peasants how to handle a sword. Kae could see potential in some of them, they had courage and determination, both great attributes for a warrior to have. But bravery and determination didn’t replace experience in battle or long years of training, both of which took time, something Ebulon had a serious lack of. 
The more Kae witnessed of the poor state of the Ebulon defenses, the more he understood why King Yadi wasn’t helping or protecting the refugees. He couldn’t because he barely had enough troops to keep his own city safe. Ebulon needed warriors and Kae would give anything to have the rest of the Errent Corps there by his side. But even if he did reach out to them through his separated self, he doubted they would abandon Rhaldan and come to Ebulon’s aid. 
With his head still full of troubling thoughts and his stomach all but empty he was glad to see the servant approaching him. A bowl of some kind of stew was held carefully in his hands, the steam rising warmly above the bowl. 
“Here you are sir Kae, I do apologize for how long it took to make. Meat is becoming scarce I am afraid.” 
“By the smell it certainly seems like it was worth the wait,” Kae lied. It actually smelled rather quite bland, and Kae could hardly smell any actual meat in it. It was mostly vegetables, boiled beyond recognition, probably reused for as many meals as could be squeezed from them. Back at the Keep, Protectors always ate well, but this was no time to brood on that. 
Besides, several of the training officers were now staring at him. He didn’t need them to speak, their gazes revealed their anger plainly enough. It didn’t take a genius to figure out just how desperate Ebulon really was, whatever speck of meat this stew contained must have been taken from their rations. Kae turned away from their glares, seeing no need to pick a fight. With his knowledge of the Ulnath and the other world villains it seemed likely plenty of fighting was going to take place in the near future. The servant wasn’t as oblivious to the officers’ glares. 
“I believe it will be warmer inside the eating hall, Sir Kae,” the servant said with wide eyes. It may have been true, but Kae knew that wasn’t the reason the servant brought it up. Concern, fear even, wafted off the man. Kae could take on a good number of the officers if it came to a fight, but the same could hardly be said for the hunched over servant. He nodded and allowed the servant to lead the way towards the hall. 
The servant only opened the door and allowed Kae to enter then rushed away on some other errand. Kae glanced over to the officers to see if they were still staring. Some of them were, but most now were again focused on the peasant troops. 
Kae allowed the door to close behind him. The hall was empty, save for a man dining alone at a far table. Only a few years older than Kae, the man looked in need of several good nights of sleep. 
The simple layers of brown that the man wore gave little identity to his social standing. Save for the king himself and Regent Jenner almost everyone in Ebulon looked like weary peasants. But this man was clean-shaven, which seemed out of place next to his otherwise tousled appearance. And when the man looked up from his own bowl of food his green eyes weren’t filled with accusation or arrogance, they were kind yet strong eyes. 
After swallowing the morsel in his mouth the man spoke, “I am afraid that most of the water is gone but there is plenty of Vaas left.” The man’s voice was soothing yet slightly strained, like honey that had gone sour only yesterday. 
Kae took the words as an invitation to join him and sat down across from him.
“What is Vaas?” Kae asked, the term completely lost on his mind. With narrowed eyes the man used his spoon to point at the jug on the table. 
“The local brew of Ebulon.” The man’s tone really made the statement sound more like a question though.  He leaned back from the table and asked, “You’re not a shadow mage?” 
Kae smiled at the man’s assumption. It was true that the mages wore dark garments, but his uniform bore no fine details as the ones worn by the mages did. 
“No,” Kae began. “I am not even from Ebulon.” 
“Oh,” the man said surprised. “Well there is plenty of Vaas left. To be honest with you I don’t care much for the taste, but they brought it for me to drink so help yourself if you would like.” 
“Thanks,” Kae said, but didn’t take any. This was no time for getting drunk. 
The man reached out an open hand. “My name is Edo Volis by the way.” 
Kae glanced at his hand, still trying to figure out who this man was. It seemed impossible that he was a refugee. Kae was certain that any refugee would be thrown out of the city and this Edo Volis was far too calm to have sneaked into the city to steal a meal. 
“I apologize,” Edo Volis said. “Am I suppose to salute you?” he asked, there was no condescension to his words, Edo Volis appeared genuinely curious. 
With a slight smile of bewilderment Kae shook his hand. “No, you don’t have to. My name is Kae.” 
Edo Volis ate another spoonful of his stew. But unlike Kae’s, his was not steaming. It actually looked as cold as stone.
“Is the stew that hot you had to wait for it to cool down, or is it so terrible it has taken you that long to eat it?” 
Kae had meant these words in jest and Edo Volis understood them as such. Weariness had overcome him and he had fallen asleep for several hours before he had a chance to even take a bite. He wiped off his mouth and chin, for an instant surprised to feel such smoothness. Torrin hadn’t lied, he really had given him a clean shave. But that wasn’t what made Edo Volis pause. He was remembering the nap he had taken. It had been deep enough to be dreamless and he was grateful beyond words that Voak’s image hadn’t returned to his mind. However that wasn’t enough to explain why the image had suddenly returned in the first place. 
“I traveled a really long way to get to Ebulon and when I finally had a chance to sleep on something that wasn’t a damp cave floor or a pile of rocks my mind took full advantage of it,” his words weren’t a lie, just not a whole truth. 
Kae ate a spoonful of his own stew, a little unnerved at how long Edo Volis took to reply to a simple question. Especially since his answer was just as simple. The stew tasted exactly how it smelled, bland. It was also the single worst meal he’d ever tasted.  
“You’re from another world?” Kae asked, between bites. 
“Apparently,” Edo Volis replied, wondering if Kae’s hot stew tasted any better than his cold one. Kae looked at him questioningly. 
Edo leaned back and once again ran his hand across his smooth chin. “About three months ago I heard a voice in my head, telling me that a kingdom called Ebulon needed my help and so I answered the call…or at least tried to…” 
He paused to take a long breath. His last three months had been hard and desperate. “I got lost in the mountains and had to wait the winter out, and by the time I arrived here the battle was over.” 
Kae could see the disappointment in the eyes of Edo Volis, but it wasn’t the disappointment of one who had lost a chance for glory. It was purer than that, like when an honest person is forced to break their word.
Just like I was.
Swallowing the stew in his mouth, trying to ignore his rising guilt over breaking his Protector oaths. 
“The battle of Ebulon was one of the bloodiest I have ever been apart of.” 
“You were there?” Edo Volis asked, his voice flattened by the weight of his words. 
Again Kae nodded. “The orcs were too many to count. They came over the walls like waves from an ocean. I had never seen creatures like that before, their drumming alone was possibly the most haunting sound I have ever heard. But it was the screams from their twisted lips that were the most sickening. I didn’t think living creatures could make such sounds.” 
“You answered Yadi’s call as well?” Edo Volis asked, waiting a few long moments to speak. He tried to picture the scene Kae described, and realized he would rather not. 
“That I did,” Kae replied before taking another spoonful of stew. 
“By yourself?” Edo Volis asked. 
Kae shook his head as he swallowed, “No I came with fifty other Protectors.”
“Protectors?” Edo Volis asked before taking another slurp of the stew. 
“Protectors of the Realm, sworn to keep it safe from the dangers beyond the Veil…” His words trailed off as his mind became heavy with thought. 
Not that long ago the words would’ve rang true to him, but now they didn’t. Even to his own ear they sounded distant and hollow. He remembered standing there within the Priests’ Palace, hearing the words of Yadi swim around his head. 
It had been only his third day as a protector, but he had been ready to defend Ebulon with his very life. He had done so because of the vows he had taken, vows he was proud to have on his lips. Vows he had waited fourteen years to take. 
It was those vows that gave him the strength and will that was needed to stand against the orcs, to keep Ebulon safe, to keep his own world from harm. Yet with each day that passed since then, the vows became more hollow, their meaning felt uncertain. They made him a follower. It disgusted him to think that Aneeku’s taunts about being a sheep held any truth to them. But it wasn’t his fellow Protectors that were to blame, it was the priests, those nefarious men who had manipulated their vows for personal gain, men like Rhaldan. 
“It can be quite a burden…” Edo Volis said with slow words. “Keeping the realm safe.” 
The fact that this wasn’t spoken as a question made Kae curious. “Your tone tells me you are speaking from experience.” 
“That I am,” Edo Volis said placing the spoon on the table. “My homeland, a kingdom called Denarchia is one of the smallest countries you can find on any map. To call it tiny would be like calling pitch-black somewhat dark.” A long breath left his lips and it was clear Edo Volis had his own burdens. “Denarchia is surrounded by empires and countries as powerful as empires, each of them countless times more powerful than my homeland and they all try to invade and conquer it.” 
“And you do what you can to keep Denarchia safe?” Kae asked. 
“I vowed to do everything in my power to ensure that Denarchia would remain free.” 
“And is it free?” Kae asked. 
“Oh yes, but rarely is there no danger at the door,” Edo Volis said, his voice weighted so much by truth it was almost a whisper. “I may not have the title of protector Kae, but I protect Denarchia with every ounce of strength and power I possess.”
The strength of his voice made Kae remember the day he took his own vows, he had had similar conviction in his voice then. 
“Edo Volis, my full name is Kiyarran, but people call me Kae, do you mind if I just call you Edo?” 
“Not at all,” Edo replied still not claiming his spoon from the table. Kae felt a little more comfortable with this. It made Edo less distant to him, which made the words he was about to say slightly easier, but not by much. 
“When I took my oaths as a Protector, I had believed I would always fight on the side of good. That does not seem to be the case.” 
“Why?” Edo Volis asked, half-concerned, half-curious. 
“I have been called to this world twice Edo, the first time it was to save Ebulon, the second time it was destroy it. The Protectors take their vows seriously, and loyalty is a valued trait for any Protector to have. But I can’t be loyal when it involves killing children and people too weak to defend themselves,” Kae explained. “A part of my vows was to serve and protect the priests. I was always told it was the right thing to do. But how could I protect and serve a man who so willingly condoned the killing of such people? To betray Ebulon without a second thought? Head Priest Rhaldan, that’s this man’s name. It is disturbing to me how a man that carries so much respect and loyalty from others could exploit it in such a way.” 
Kae eyed the jug of Vaas. The ale wouldn’t solve any of his problems, but at the least it could calm his nerves a little. He was about to reach for it when Edo Volis spoke up. 
“I knew a man like that once.” 
Now far more interested in what Edo Volis had to say Kae placed his spoon down, the stew needed cooling anyway. Edo Volis ran his hand across his mouth once more, but this time it was like he was trying to rid himself of a terrible taste. This was partly true, speaking of the memories of Voak always made his mouth dry. It was all the excuse he needed to take the jug of Vaas and pour himself a cup of it. Though using the Vaas to calm himself was like trying to heal an amputated limb with a single length of cloth. But it was better than nothing. Seeing the hesitation in Edo’s eyes, Kae claimed a cup of Vaas for himself and drank slowly. 
“Voak came from a place called Slute, a kingdom that had been bled dry because of a tyrannical king. He began a revolution by the people and fought a war against the ruling classes in a bid to secure a better way of life for all Slute peasants. Because of his bravery and leadership the king was overthrown and those who had taken up arms alongside him had so much respect and loyalty for him that they chose him as their new king. But…” Edo paused to take a long swig of the ale. “He eventually exploited such loyalty for his own personal desires, he ravaged Slute to such an extent that people lost everything, their homes, their lands. They didn’t even have enough food to feed their own families. This man became a worse ruler than the king he had overthrown, because instead of respecting the loyalty he had once gained he exploited it. By the sounds of it this Rhaldan is just such a man…” 
Kae thought well about what Edo had said, and in some ways, Rhaldan did resonate with this story.  Though the priests always did everything in secret, and Kae could hardly be sure what Rhaldan’s true plans were.
After taking a long drink of the Vaas himself Kae asked, “This man from Slute, did you ever swear loyalty to him?” 
Edo Volis shook his head frantically. 
“No,” Edo Volis said, holding the cup much tighter than before. “But he tested my vows in a different way…I said before that I have done everything in my power to keep Denarchia safe. I stood against enemy armies of all kinds, I never let a single one get within a mile of any Denarchian town. But when I came up against this man from Slute, I was full of fear… When I first looked into his eyes all I wanted to do was run away and hide. He was the first enemy I ever faced that made me want to abandon my vows.” 
“But you didn’t?” Kae asked. 
Edo Volis slowly shook his head, “No…I didn’t.” He quickly finished off what remained of his cup of Vaas. “But if I had sworn loyalty to him and he tried to exploit that loyalty and go against everything he had once preached, like he had done to the people of Slute, I would have broken that vow, though I definitely would have lost sleep over it.” 
A bond began to form between Kae and Edo, since Edo’s words were definitely a reflection of what Kae was facing. He didn’t want the Protectors to have to face a situation like Slute, where everything they once believed in was exploited and everything they had worked for was ravaged. But it wasn’t as easy for Kae. Even if they disagreed with Rhaldan’s orders, the other Protectors would obey him nonetheless. 
“So this Rhaldan has returned to this world with an army of Protectors? Is he planning on attacking Ebulon?” 
“He is planning on assisting in an attack on Ebulon, or rather exploiting it. We were summoned to this world by the Ulnath, who, I have recently been told, are the oldest of the orcs tribes.” Kae still struggled somewhat to accept that the enigmatic Ulnath were of the same species as the brutish barbarians he had faced during the battle of Ebulon. “The Ulnath have summoned help from other worlds to aid them as well. An army of red dressed monsters led by a mysterious woman, a group of talking animals…a fool in a red mask. Dragons and beings who can ride them…” 
“A giant rat like creature?” Edo Volis asked. 
“Yes,” Kae answered curiously. 
“I saw them in the mountains gathering dragons,” Edo Volis replied. 
The gathering of dragons didn’t overly concern Edo Volis now, though he was aware of the danger they could impose he was more worried about another memory. It shivered him to his very soul. But seeing the image of Voak in his head like he had recently done was more than just a memory. Hating the possibility but needing to know Edo Volis asked, “These other world beings that have come to help was one of…” 
Before he could finish the sentence the door to the dining hall opened and in his ear it sounded as loud as a roar. Kae and Edo Volis both were quick to look towards the figure that now entered. 
“Soin?” Kae asked, a little surprised to see the shadow mage here, considering how quickly he had rushed back to the Tower of Ebulon. 
“Kae, hello again. And you are Edo Volis?” Soin asked, glancing to the green eyed man with the messy hair. 
Edo Volis gave a nod of acknowledgement but kept silent. 
Soin stopped at their table, but didn’t sit down. “The King has decreed that Ebulon will march to face the Ulnath and this Red Army at Sorn field. But because of the lack of manpower, we would benefit greatly from the help of the refugees. As long as every able bodied man and woman agrees to aid Ebulon in this upcoming battle, we will house their young and elderly within the walls of this city for the time being.” 
“They have little love for Ebulon,” Kae pointed out. 
“I understand that,” Soin began, “As does the King. That is why I ask you, on behalf of Ebulon, to lead them into battle alongside us.” 
Hearing this Kae felt strengthened slightly. It was against everything he believed to let the desperate die. And this was his chance to prevent just that. Yet Kae still remembered the refugee’s sneer and contempt for Ebulon. 
“They might not be so willing to help the city, not even if it means safety,” he said.
“But with the Red Army and the Ulnath at their backs they might reconsider,” the mage said. “You should go and ask them and then lead them in the battle. You are not of Ebulon, so they might trust you.”  
“They may,” Kae began. “The only other problem is a lack of weapons. The few they have are sub-standard to say the least.” 
He’d only seen the one man’s sword, but there was no reason to believe the other refugees were armed any better.
“That isn’t a problem,” Soin replied. “We may be running low on everything else, but Ebulon has plenty of weapons they can use.” 
Kae scrapped the last of the stew from the bowl and took a long drink of Vaas. “I will go right away and try to convince them. For Ebulon’s sake, I hope I succeed.” 
“Your diligence is admirable Kae, but please give me a little time to gather an Ebulon escort to accompany you. The Red Army is still at large after all, and with the mines evacuated there is a very good chance they are now moving in greater numbers towards Ebulon.” 
“I understand. Still, I think it would be best if I go alone. They might not welcome the sight of Ebulon soldiers,” Kae protested. 
“That is true,” Soin said, “However the idea of you going by yourself isn’t wise I…” 
“I will go with him,” Edo Volis said standing up from the table. “I am not from Ebulon, so the refugees do not hold any ill will toward me. The trek might prove dangerous with the Red Army and the Ulnath now working together.” 
Kae grinned. “I don’t need protection.” 
“I am sure you don’t need protection, however I need a sense of direction and you did find me in this city quite easily.” 
“I wasn’t looking for you,” Kae said, keeping his smile when he saw one appear on Edo’s face. 
“Even better. It just goes to show how good a sense of direction you have, you can find things without even meaning to look for them. If I stay with you, I won’t get lost again. Sure I might get killed but at least I would know where I am when I die.” 
They both shared a small laugh and Kae was warmed by it. It was the kind of exchange he would have with his fellow Protectors when they were off duty or away from the sneering eyes of the strictest of their order.  
The smile disappeared as Edo Volis looked to Soin. “I came into this world because I heard the voice of your king. I wasn’t able to help your city then, but I can now.” 
Soin had heard how this Edo Volis had survived three months alone in the mountains. He knew what it felt like to be desperate and most importantly much like Kae, Edo Volis had answered the call for no other reason but to bring aid. 
“If it is alright with Kae, I have no problem with you accompanying him,” Soin said.
 “Sure,” Kae said keeping his own smile. “But be aware, Edo, chances are you will definitely die. It sounds like your sense of direction is so bad you would trip over your own boots,” Kae added before chuckling. 
Chapter 19 
Voak stood in one of the many rooms of the tallest tower of Za-xayek. He had explored most of the city both secretly and not so secretly. He had started to become bored with the architecture, and the twisted images and dark structures quickly melded together in his mind. There seemed little individuality to this city, just a mass of corrupted stones and other such things. This is why a certain suit of armor within this room fascinated him.
Kept behind glass, he had never seen armor so finely detailed and spectacular before. It had been forged by a metal as majestic as it was white.  It stood out like a single flame in a world of black and didn’t match its dark morbid surroundings. It vaguely resembled certain pieces he had seen in the Hall of Heroes within Ebulon. 
He now knew both of the cities quite well. The Ulnath had been correct that none of the mages of Ebulon had sensed his presence while he had explored that city. He didn’t find the place particularly interesting. The tower of Ebulon was almost the exact opposite of this tower, save for that it was larger and superficially grander but it too bored him. He had to be careful about what he spoke of to the Ulnath. He knew they were after the Shadow Stone, the problem was, try as he might he hadn’t been able to find it. He knew that Morzu supposedly was the only one that could wield its power, but he was no fool when it came to magic. He was quite sure that given enough time he could’ve found a way to use the Shadow Stone under his own control. That was if it was even real. 
He began believing that maybe the stone was what that shadow mage had said it was, a mere legend. It didn’t matter too much to him, he knew that the baths of the Ulnath had power he could use as long as he could find the right ingredients. But he had to be certain, the Shadow Stone supposedly had powers beyond even his own. If there were the smallest chance that it was real and the Ulnath weren’t simply deluding themselves he would have to play along until he knew for sure. 
“Marvelous isn’t it?” Voak knew the voice of Kroven when he heard it, turning his head slightly to allow the Ulnath to come into view. Realizing that Kroven was talking about the armor Voak looked back to it as he said, “It certainly stands out compared to the rest of the city.” 
“That would make sense,” Kroven explained as he stood alongside Voak.
“Considering this is one of the few items in this city that wasn’t forged here.” 
“It was forged in Ebulon,” Voak replied, not taking his eyes off of it. 
“You seem certain of that?” Kroven asked, although Voak knew he already knew the answer. It was one thing that he didn’t like about any of the Ulnath, in particular this Kroven, everything he said seemed like an attempted riddle as if he was ready to lie at any moment for the cheap thrill it gives. 
“Are you going to tell me any different?” Voak asked. 
“No, you are correct. I take it you searched the Hall of Heroes while you were at Ebulon.” 
“I followed the king into the hall, surrounded by his guards.” Voak replied, showing that he too had a penchant for lying. He had visited the hall, but no one had bothered to guard it. 
“You didn’t search anywhere else did you?” 
Voak glanced over to Kroven, there was a flicker of accusation in his eyes, he wasn’t as big of a fool that Voak first thought he was. 
“I did what was asked of me. I followed the king and listened to their plans.” He explained, doing his best not to smirk, he wasn’t used to playing such games, because normally he could rely on his powers to get what he wanted, not this time. But nevertheless he was surprisingly good at this game of words. 
“So why would the Ulnath need a suit of armor from Ebulon?” Voak asked, having seen the impressive armory that Za-xayek possessed, they were in no short supply of such things. 
“This isn’t just any armor,” Kroven explained, enjoying the explanation. “This armor was forged for a specific purpose, to help channel the power of the Shadow Stone to its up most.” 
Voak took a closer look at the armor giving its extricate detail a thorough examination. He then could see it for himself, a place within the chest plate, it would be ideal for a precious stone to sit within. It certainly wasn’t proof that the Shadow Stone was real, but it had gotten Voak’s curiosity. 
“How did you, the Ulnath, get this armor in the first place?”
 “100,000 years ago we once saved Ebulon from being conquered…” Krovin began, his tone darker than usual, heavier as well. “I personally took this armor from the royal armory, knowing it may one day prove valuable to us…and finally we will have a chance to use it.” There was a sincerity in his tone that Voak hadn’t heard from him before, perhaps the Shadow Stone really was more than just a myth and not just a way for the Ulnath to convince everyone to help them in their cause. 
“I am aware what the Ulnath did to help Ebulon.” Glancing over to Krovin he could tell he was waiting for a proper explanation. “I overheard a shadow mage speaking about it to the one called Kae, so it is true you really did teach them shadow magic.”
Krovin simply stared for a moment, perhaps he didn’t enjoy this game as much as Voak once thought.
Looking back at the armor Krovin said, “indeed we did…speaking of powers…we are grateful that you used yours to help us. I have informed Morzu and Oos about what you overheard in the city, it pleases us greatly that everything seems to be falling in place.” 
“I am glad to hear that,” Voak said, lying through his recently corrected teeth. Oos could be hacked to death for all he cared, only this Morzu held possible uses for him.
“As a reward for what you did I have a gift for you.” Voak now looked away from the armor watching as from under his cloak Krovin revealed a sword. Instantly he could tell the weapon had been forged within this city. The blue of the metal matched the armor and clothing the Ulnath wore. 
“Why are you offering this to me?” Voak asked, knowing that Krovin had seen his powers and knew that he didn’t need a sword for protection. 
“Because you very well may need it for the upcoming battle.” Krovin explained a small smile appearing on his face. “We have no idea how many otherworld warriors will come to aid Yadi, we will need everyone on the battlefield, including you.” 
Voak was no stranger to battlefields, he knew them well, he also knew of certain tactics, because he too had used them in his life. 
“You’re not hoping that I die in this war of yours are you? Hoping that an Ebulon soldier will strike me down so you can forget about the deal we made?” Voak asked unflinching, he was playing no game, this was a dead serious question. 
“If that were the case would I be offering you one of the finest swords ever made in this city?” Krovin asked. Voak glanced back down at the blade, it indeed appeared to be a fine weapon. “I haven’t forgotten what I told you in the bath house, I shall help you get what you desire. But the other part of the deal was that you help us and our plight is far from over. For 100,000 years we have waited for a chance to get the Shadow Stone and wipe Ebulon off the face of this world. That chance is finally in our grasp and we will not take it for granted. While your powers are useful for observation I also know they can be used to slaughter and we need a massacre to take place. We need to see you out on that battlefield, aiding in our cause, otherwise there is no reason to keep our end of the deal, I am sure as a wise man you can understand that.” 
Voak didn’t like his tone, he seriously considered taking the sword and removing Krovin’s head from his body. But he had to remain calm. He too had been waiting for a chance to finally accomplish his own desires. 
In that moment though, with the sword shining in spite of the lack of good light, his mind wondered to what he had seen of Ebulon, a crippled city far from the greatness it once supposedly possessed. More importantly he thought about this Confederation of Orcs, the ones responsible for bringing Ebulon to its knees. Having heard that the Ulnath were of such a species, questions needed to be slain in his mind. 
“The Orc Confederation that almost destroyed Ebulon and brought it to such a weakened state still exist, if it is warriors you need why don’t you reach out to them instead of calling for help from other worlds?” Voak stopped a smile from appearing on his face, while he normally enjoyed tormenting others it wasn’t with words. More importantly he had a basic idea of the reason why the Ulnath weren’t part of the orc confederation, it was a truth he could use to see if Krovin really did enjoy lying. 
Voak had kept his eyes upon Krovin the entire time, watching and waiting for the tiniest subtlety that would expose Krovin as a prevaricator. Krovin didn’t seem rattled by the question, if anything he appeared almost eager to answer it. 
“Our original intention was to enter Ebulon after the Orc Confederation had killed everyone and every thing, they weren’t conquers they were destroyers, they had destroyed every other human kingdom in the realm so there wasn’t much reason to think they wouldn’t succeed. But they didn’t because of creatures from other worlds coming to save Ebulon. So it seems fitting that we would use the aid of other world beings to help us destroy it.” 
“That doesn’t answer the question,” Voak stated, his tone as flat as paper. 
Again Krovin didn’t seem rattled by this and that is what made Voak suspicious, he felt like Krovin always chose his words too carefully. 
“ The Ulnath are to other orcs like kings are to farmers, both kings and farmers need to eat, but a farmer only deserves what he grows himself, a king has a right to the finest foods and any good king never shares his feast with the farmers. The Shadow Stone is our feast and we will not share it with any one from this world.” 
Voak had heard the gossiping of several Ebulon soldiers about orcs, everything he heard wasn’t complimentary, orcs were said to be dim-witted, brutish and foul. Voak was certainly surprised to hear that the Ulnath were actually orcs, for they were elegant, well spoken and seemingly quite wise. Voak had detected distaste in Krovin’s words. It was the distaste most kings had for their subjects, a distaste that he hadn’t heard in King’s Yadi’s voice. There was a time in his life where Voak would have admired Yadi, but he was a much different man back then. He didn’t like Krovin more upon hearing his explanation, the possibility of someday killing him hadn’t left his mind, though his words were adding credibility to the Ulnath cause. Every Ulnath spoke in a similar way, they drank almost identically, even the way they walked was like mirror images of one another. It was clear they didn’t care too much for diversity.
“You won’t share your feast with farmers but you will with foreigners. A strange kind of trust that is,” Voak pointed out. 
“It is because this world isn’t your home that makes you, along with the others ideal to aid us, once our obligations with one another are complete you shall all return to your own worlds, something that cannot be said about the orcs.” He paused as if tasting something foul in his mouth, like even speaking about the other orcs sickened him. “You can always trust someone who needs something you have or can provide. We need your help in keeping the Ebulon forces occupied until we can get our hands on the Shadow Stone…I don’t need to tell you why you need us.” 
Krovin may have spoken with a liar’s voice, but it was a strong truth that Voak found himself accepting. Until Voak had seen the Shadow Stone with his own eyes he couldn’t be sure, but until then he had to ensure the Ulnath had no liability to deny him access to the Shadow Stone’s power.
Slowly he took the sword in hand, feeling how perfectly it was weighted. He stepped back and began cutting the air with the blade, turning and twisting the weapon in his hand as if fighting off a legion of invisible enemies. It had been a very long time since he had wielded a sword, but his muscles hadn’t forgotten how to use such a weapon to its utmost. He finished the display and admired the blade once more, it was one of the finest weapons he had ever held. 
“Quite impressive,” Krovin said truthfully, surprised that Voak possessed such skills with a sword. “It will help you kill many of our enemies…. Before I forget I should ask do you think that anyone from your world will come to aid Ebulon.” 
“Someone already has apparently,” Voak responded admiring his own reflection in the blade. “At the least I heard his name mentioned, although I could not find him within Ebulon.” 
“Perhaps he will be there out in the open during the battle.” 
Voak thought about what that would mean, how it would bring him one step closer to immortality once and for all. With a powerful gaze he looked to Krovin as he said, “I certainly hope so.”  
Chapter 20 
Rhaldan called Second Captain Agara to his chamber in the tower. After that insubordinate boy, Protector Kiyarran, fled he had to make do and use the others to spy on the Ulnath. But the boy would be punished, and sooner rather than later. 
Only there was no time to think of that now. The creatures were assembling for battle and Rhaldan had nearly ran out of time for trying to get close to Morzu, take control of his mind, and convince him to deliver the Shadow Stone into his hands. 
“You summoned me, Head Priest,” Agara said, every muscle in his body tense, betraying just how little he liked the spying. Rhaldan ignored it. 
“I wish you to see where Morzu is right now,” he ordered. 
Agara’s face lost some of the steely tightness as he obeyed the command.
At least this one still follows me like a well-trained dog. 
“I can’t find him,” Agara answered. 
Rhaldan narrowed his eyes. Is this obedient dog lying?
“What do you mean you can’t find him?” he asked slowly. 
“He isn’t in the chamber where he normally stays, and he isn’t anywhere within that tower either,” Agara replied. 
“So, search the rest of the city,” Rhaldan snarled, annoyed that he was forced to spell this command out. 
“I can see Oos,” Agara said, making Rhaldan sigh exasperatedly. The man was being cagy and difficult on purpose.
“He has gathered the Red Army in a large courtyard,” Agara continued before Rhaldan had a chance to reprimand him again. “He’s also assembled a few hundred Ulnath warriors, the dog Aneeku and those odd talking animals, but the dragons and those who rode them aren’t anywhere to be found. They are making the final preparations for moving out.”
Rhaldan banged his fist against the table, the pain radiating through his already sore knuckles.
“I didn’t ask about Oos, or any of the other world beings. I asked about Morzu!” He rose stiffly. “You and a few others will accompany me to the square. Oos will know where Morzu is, even if you can’t find him.”
Agara nodded stiffly and turned to lead the way out of the tower.
Rhaldan was livid by Agara’s failure. Unable to locate Morzu? Not likely, it was just more of that silent, barely detectable defiance Protectors all too often availed of when faced with orders they disagreed with. But, as always so it would be this time: the feeble defiance would not work. 
Once outside the tower he chose to sit down upon one of the strange stone cubes that seemed Za-xayek’s replacement for regular benches. Though an escort of Protectors had been gathered for him and awaited his further command, he just sat there, brooding. In truth, Rhaldan wanted as little contact with Oos as possible. He only wanted to be around the Ulnath leader if necessary and doing so to find Morzu shouldn’t have been necessary.
“Search the city again for Morzu,” Rhaldan demanded. 
Agara loomed over him, clearing his throat.
“I will speak my true mind now, and I hope you will forgive me, Head Priest,” Agara said carefully. “None of my men are comfortable joining this army that the Ulnath have gathered, or participating in whatever battle they have planned. Nothing but a wretched thirst for the bloody murder of men permeates these creatures and their leaders are the worst among them. We took oaths to protect the priesthood, not to engage in bloody wars against men we have no quarrel with.”
The man was standing too far away for Rhaldan to grab his arm without standing up. Words would need to suffice to subdue this mutinous talk.
“I will not listen to such talk from you, Second Captain Agara. You are here to do my bidding and this is what you will do. Letting Protector Kiyarran go as you have has been bad enough. Do not compound that mistake with treasonous words.”
Agara had still not made eye contact with him. Though the set of his mouth told Rhaldan he liked the words not at all.
“Tell me, Agara,” Rhaldan continued. “Have you been able to locate where Kae is by now? Are you any closer to recalling him here?”
Agara shook his head. “No. He is too far away for any one of us to reach him.”
“Understand that he will be forced to remain behind in this world when we leave, should he not return by the time I take possession of what I seek,” Rhaldan warned. “I will not wait for him. Now do as you are told, search the city for Morzu!” 
Rhaldan noticed quite a few of the Protectors eye Agara as if his commands were more important to them now than those of the Head Priest.
“That would be a waste of time,” a voice slithered forth from the darkness like a spectral serpent.
The darkness shimmered like calm water invaded by a skipping stone as a cloaked figure appeared before them.
“Morzu isn’t in the city anymore. He left with an escort of 267 Ulnath warriors, not that long ago,” the figure added.
The Protectors reacted to his appearance, drawing their swords, but all did it slowly, belatedly. 
The figure paid them little heed, his piercing eyes resting solely upon Rhaldan. 
 “It is quite rude to listen to the conversations of others without announcing yourself,” Rhaldan said, keeping his voice cool and level. 
“Now that sounds odd coming from you, considering your men are quite good at listening to others’ conversations without announcing themselves…tell me...” the figure said calmly, bringing his thumb to his fingers and rubbing them together as if he was anxious to create a clicking sound. “Should I be concerned by the seven who have separated themselves from their bodies and whose translucent, wispy copies are now standing beside them? A bit spooky I must admit…” He paused to glance down at his fingers and thumb as they rubbed together. Rhaldan wondered if he was about to summon some kind of magic.  “Although I should tell you I have been around enough ghosts to no longer be scared by them.” 
Rhaldan didn’t like what he was hearing one bit, he had been too preoccupied with the Ulnath and the Shadow Stone to even consider someone else might have been watching, but who was this man? Something akin to the Life Force pooled in his chest, but it wasn’t like any Rhaldan had ever felt. It seemed like a book filled with nothing but long and complicated words.
“These men are here for my protection,” Rhaldan countered. “How I use my weapons is my business. Though I am certain the Ulnath know nothing of spying either.” 
The figure ran his hand across his smooth as silk cheek. “This city is amazing. The magic I have found in this place makes me feel like a new man. It is good for old bones, wouldn’t you agree?”
Rhaldan pondered on his words. Mysteries always intrigued him, but only the ones whose solution brought him advantage. This man wasn’t such a mystery. 
“You’re the one who threatened that Aneeku back at the altar when we all arrived in this world?” Rhaldan said, something about the man’s bearing finally finding a place in his memory.
“Yes I am,” the figure replied slowly. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Voak and you are Rhaldan.” 
Rhaldan didn’t care for the insinuation, How much of his private conversations with the Protectors did this Voak overhear?
“What do you want?” Rhaldan asked the man, his voice harsh and gruff. 
To this Voak smiled, which only made his features return to the hideous twisted mask he had worn when he had first come to Za-xayek. 
“There was once a time when I thought my knowledge of magic was second to none. I can make a tree grow from nothingness and a mountain crumble with a click of my fingers.” He paused and Rhaldan recognized it as a threat, for his thumb was still rubbing upon his fingers. 
“But within this city I have seen sorcery I have little knowledge of, the kind that could be of great use to me. Sorcery that may very well be able to control the boy called Morzu.” 
Rhaldan decided to tread lightly with this man to be careful. This Voak had physically changed since Rhaldan had last saw him and, judging by his words, it had been because of something within this city, perhaps something the Ulnath gave him, indicating his loyalty was probably to them. 
“What are you talking about? I am here merely to assist the Ulnath in their plight.” 
This Voak might well be an Ulnath spy and Rhaldan could do no nothing to jeopardize his standing with them.
The smile increased on Voak’s face, a gesture as unpleasant as any Rhaldan had ever seen. 
“I understand. I too have only come here to save the Ulnath from the big bad Ebulon king,” Voak snickered, then the smile disappeared from his lips as though he never wore it. “Let’s stop lying to one another shall we? The Ulnath have already lied enough to both of us. They are quite good at it, but not good enough, am I right?”
This Voak was no fool, but neither was Rhaldan. He still had many tricks of his own he could play. The problem was this Voak was either clever enough or lucky enough to be out of reach of Rhaldan’s grasp. 
“Or maybe you are lying about being able to control Morzu. After all…” he titled his head mockingly as if in deep thought. “You didn’t do much of a job controlling that Kae boy did you?”
Rhaldan could feel the rage rising inside his chest, but he controlled it as best he could. He didn’t like being manipulated and he wouldn’t allow this Voak to get the better of him.
Rhaldan glanced towards Agara. The Protector had failed him once too often recently, but Rhaldan still considered him an effective tool.
“When we find him, Kae will never again even think of betraying me,” Rhaldan snarled, wanting this truth to serve as a warning to both Agara and Voak. 
“You don’t know where he is, but I do,” Voak offered.
“Where?” Rhaldan demanded, his anger seeping through his words. 
“He is in Ebulon. Last I saw him, he brought word to this King Yadi about the upcoming Ulnath attack. It seems this Morzu was once known as Viadi, he is actually the son of the man the Ulnath are about to march upon.”
Rhaldan was momentarily distracted by the gasps of several of his Protectors. They didn’t like the idea of attacking a human king. But if nothing else, this battle would be good practice for them. As soon as the Shadow Stone was in his possession, Rhaldan would dispatch them to attack King Ardnan back in the realm. 
 “I suppose in truth I should be glad that Kae left this city,” Voak continued. “If he hadn’t I wouldn’t have found my way to Ebulon so easily.”
So even Kae’s abilities were no match for Voak’s magic? Or had the creature travelled as just a foul shadow? His magic whatever it was, was a different darkness to the powers of the Ulnath. 
“I think you should know,” Voak began. “I wouldn’t have known that Kae was leaving this city if the Ulnath Krovin hadn’t told me about it.” 
Rhaldan snarled upon hearing this. It didn’t matter so much if Voak was playing games or telling the truth. Things had gotten complicated, and more complications were the last thing Rhaldan needed. 
“Why should I trust you?” Rhaldan asked. 
“Let’s speak straight with one another,” Voak retorted, his voice like sharpened stone. “Both of us want the power of the Shadow Stone. But I have no way to guarantee the Ulnath will keep their word to me. But you do. Morzu is the only one who calls this city home that can control the Shadow Stone, so whoever controls Morzu can wield such a power and you can do that.” 
Rhaldan didn’t like this Voak anymore than he liked the Ulnath. But Voak represented possibilities to Rhaldan, possibilities the head priest wouldn’t ignore. If this Voak really did have powers that even Kae couldn’t detect, which seemed likely, he could prove quite useful. 
“What do you offer for this exchange?” Rhaldan asked. 
“I could kill this Kae boy for you. I could kill him quickly or slowly, but he will never see it coming.” 
Rhaldan could feel the concern the Protectors were radiating because of such a proposal but he ignored it. 
The offer was tempting, Rhaldan had to admit, and Kae’s absence could easily be explained away once they returned home and the Protectors’ memory was altered to remember none of this. It would get rid of Kae for good. Yet Rhaldan still had plans for the boy.
“Thank you for the offer, but I can handle my men,” Rhaldan replied. 
This Voak knew many things, but his knowledge wasn’t without gaps. For one thing, a man’s separated self was able to do much more than just hang in the air like a ghost. Rhaldan had allowed his own separated self to appear between them, right in front of Voak’s face and he never noticed it. 
Rhaldan steeled his expression as best he could not wanting this Voak to have suspicion over this flaw in his own powers, yet kept his separated self beside the man, letting it wave one arm in front of Voak’s eyes. Surely, if the man saw it, he’d comment on it by now. Rhaldan took a moment to enjoy this secret and slowly closed his eyes, meaning to take a long blink. 
He did blink, but it wasn’t long. In fact it may have been the fastest blink he had ever taken. His breath became heavy, his skin as cold as stone. An image had invaded his mind, like the inside of his eyelids had been tattooed. But the image was so real. It was of a Voak, not as the man before him now, but as the twisted round helmet-wearing freak he had once been. The image was of Voak pointing directly at Rhaldan with the most twisted of smiles, like he was mocking him from the inside. 
Rhaldan stared long and hard at Voak seeing that serpent smile upon his face.
“Your power is very valuable Rhaldan. I do not want you to be killed in the upcoming battle, so I will do my best to keep an eye on you.” 
Rhaldan didn’t know what spell Voak had cast on him, but it had to be sorcery of some kind. The image was too vivid to be a mere conjuring of his own mind. It revealed to Rhaldan the kind of evil he was dealing with. 
Rhaldan rose from the strange cube and a weary gasp left his lips. Seeing how youthful and fresh Voak looked now made him wonder if it was worth pursuing to see what the Ulnath had done to Voak to change his appearance so. But there was no time. He had to get to Morzu, and quickly.
Agara seemed on the verge of speaking, but Rhaldan silenced him with a hard look.
“How generous of you to do so,” Rhaldan said to Voak, fighting every urge not to smile. “I think we could be quite useful to one another. So, we have a deal.” 
He offered his hand to Voak, knowing it was the easiest way to make physical contact with him.
Voak shook his hand firmly. Rhaldan sent a tendril of his Life Force into the man through the contact. You will not double cross me, such is not your intention, he silently ordered Voak through the touch, trying to place the command deep into his thoughts, along with images of Voak’s skin and features twisting back into the monstrosity he had been when they first met. 
“All is well, then,” Voak said and released Rhaldan’s hand. Nothing on his face reveled whether he felt Rhaldan’s Convincing at all. “If you’ll excuse me, it is important to our collective cause that the Ulnath see me fighting on the battlefield and they are now prepared to march. We will talk later.” 
“That we will,” Rhaldan replied watching as Voak disappeared in a shimmer of unnatural darkness. But at the last second of fading, he waved his hand in front of his face, mimicking the silent mockery Rhaldan’s separated self had done to him. 
So this Voak could sense the Life Force better than he let on, it didn’t matter, just because he could see the axe coming, didn’t mean he was immune to its sharp edge.
Rhaldan now didn’t try to hide his smile. He couldn’t be sure if his powers had worked on Voak but the image of the man was no longer haunting the inside of his eyelids.
“He’s right,” Agara said, interrupting Rhaldan’s thoughts and prompting him to open his eyes. “Oos is on his way here with an escort of guards, by the sounds of it he believes your knowledge of dealing with Errant kings will prove quite useful to him in the upcoming battle.” 
Rhaldan kept his smile, this was great news. It seemed he had finally gotten through to Oos and he didn’t even need the Life Force to do it. But he still had to be careful. 
“Hear me, Protectors,” he commanded ensuring that each Protector knew his words. “I have come too far in achieving what I need. Each of you will fight well today, whether you face monster, man, woman or even child. If it is an enemy of the Ulnath, you will slaughter it!” 
Grumbled protests rose around him, but none challenged the command directly. Though most glared at Agara to speak, the Second Captain stayed quiet. It mattered not. The Protectors’ presence on the battlefield would be just for show. 
Rhaldan had now made deals and promises with Oos and Voak alike and seemingly both believed he would keep his word. But he had no intention of sharing the Shadow Stone with anyone, nor staying in this forsaken world after he got it. Possessing the stone would finally allow him to overthrow the monarchy in the Realm and establish himself as the first Priest King. Just as those who had come before had always planned to do, but never succeeded. 
Chapter 21
	“Well, we are here…sort of.” Asantra said gazing into the distance. She and her companions, superheroes made up of humans and animals who called themselves Heroes United, had just arrived on the outskirts of Ebulon. They could see Ebulon in the short distance. “Should we continue onward?” The young protector sorceress was eager to find her enemy, Sampson, before he could do too much damage especially since it was her fault he was here in the first place. 
The leader of Heroes United, Black Cat, gazed back at her. Worry was clearly showing in the cat’s green eyes. She knew continuing to Ebulon was the only thing to do as Ebulon was their only ally in this world, they had answered Yadi’s call twice now. But since their last visit much had changed within herself. 
“What?” Asantra asked.
“It’s just…we don’t have a plan.” Black Cat answered hesitantly. 
“What is it really?” a black terrier mix in a blue and yellow costume asked suspiciously. Star Power knew not having a plan wasn’t enough to make Black Cat this hesitant. His costume was a doggy hoodie with a big yellow star to cover the big white one on his head which gave him his name. Attached to the hoodie was a long blue cape with a yellow trim. 
	Black Cat ignored the question. Instead she flew up above the other heroes, her blue cape trailing behind her. The cape was attached to the neck of the green pet shirt the short haired black cat was wearing. On the chest of the shirt was Black Cat’s symbol- the bold black letters of BC inside a blue diamond with a cat scratch running through diagonally from right to left. “Before we continue our journey into this world there are a few things we should go over.” 
	The heroes immediately stood at attention. All of them knew that what Black Cat was about to say would help prepare them for the fight they would inevitably be in. 
	“We know that my old enemy, Atacir Rata, is here along with Sampson. Atacir has the biggest and most powerful dragon in existence under his control.” Black Cat then went on to explain about Golden Flame’s abilities and the bridal controlling her. “While Golden Flame is under the control of Atacir Rata, she is one of the good guys and if freed from the bridal she will return to our side. I believe in the upcoming battle freeing Golden Flame from the magical bridal should be our top priority.” 
	“So if we break the harness, we free Golden Flame and defeat Atacir?” a human girl wearing a blue and silver wolf hoodie costume asked. The costume consisted of a blue hoodie shirt with a wolf head and nose that left Wonder Wolf’s own head and nose completely covered. The wolf ears and muzzle were silver. The lower half of the costume consisted of blue pants with a blue tail attached. The tip of the tail was silver. Wonder Wolf also wore silver boots and silver gloves. 
	“In theory,” Black Cat answered Wonder Wolf. 
	“Sounds easy enough,” another human girl said. She was wearing a costume made up of a black shirt, black pants, purple boots, a purple utility belt, and a long haired black wig with a black mask attached. 
	“It might sound easy, Spy Girl, but it won’t be,” Black Cat warned. “The bridal is rumored to be indestructible.”
	“Then how do we break it?” Spy Girl asked. 
	“I don’t know,” Black Cat admitted. “Hopefully even if we can’t break it we can get it off Golden Flame somehow.”
	“If we do get the bridal and free Golden Flame she will be free and so will the dragons influenced by her, but we don’t know the nature of the dragons.” Wonder Wolf worried.
	“It doesn’t matter, Golden Flame will use her powers to keep them tame if needed,” Black Cat said.
	“What if even after the bridal is no longer on her, Golden Flame remains under Atacir’s control?” a large brown haired human girl asked.
	“There’s also a possible problem that we may not be able to get the bridal off by any means.” Wonder Wolf said.
	“Then in either of those situations we will have a big problem on our hands and paws.” 
“Hopefully, things go as planned but if they don’t we will worry about it then.” 
“Remember last time we were here and fought the orcs? We had no plan then yet we still found a way to win.” Black Cat said attempting to encourage the team.
	“We also did a very bad job at acting like a team. I was one of the worst at this.” Spy Girl remembered.
	“And that’s why we practiced being a team afterwards. We learned a lot and are a much better team now because of it.” Black Cat said.
	“So do you think we can win?” Spy Girl asked.
	“I think we have a chance as long as we are as prepared as possible and fight the best we can.”
	“Speaking about being prepared, what are we planning to do about Sampson? He stole magic from the Mortal Realm before escaping to this world,” Wonder Wolf said. 
	“Maybe he doesn’t know how to use them yet,” a horse wearing a blue and silver costume suggested.
	“Wonder Horse, it’s impossible not to know how to use a wizard wand. The magic’s already in them. All you have to do is know what you want to happen and it usually does.” Asantra sighed then brightened, “At least I have fought and won against him before.”
	“You were still a witch then,” Wonder Wolf reminded her.
	“That’s true,” Asantra admitted. “But I have become advanced in the use of sorcery since then.” 
	“Which is still the weakest of the three main types of magic.” Wonder Wolf answered worriedly.  “Besides wizardry Sampson will also have low level sorcery at his command.” 
	“Still, even advanced sorcery against a combination of low level wizardry and sorcery should be easy to defeat.” Asantra said.
	“Don’t get too confident,” Black Cat warned her. “We don’t exactly know all of what is going on here. Things are rarely as easy as they appear.”
	“Even so, I’m not worried about fighting him.” Asantra said, “Though I am worried about all the potential damage he could do in this world and might have already done.”
	Black Cat decided to accept Asantra’s answer since she did know Sampson best. 

	On their way to Ebulon Black Cat wondered if she should tell them about what she observed on their journey from their own world. If she was wrong she didn’t want to worry them unnecessarily, but if she wasn’t they needed to be prepared. Just as the group arrived in Ebulon she stopped them.
	“Why are we stopping?” Chihuahua asked. The little brown Chihuahua was wearing his usual costume made up of a light blue doggy shirt with a rounded off red cape. 
	“Because we came to this world answering King Yadi’s call he obviously needs us. Besides I have something to warn everyone about.” 
	“What do you mean?” Chihuahua asked with a small whine. Although he no longer hesitated or ran away from battles he still felt nervous about fighting lots of new enemies.
	Once again flying up above the group Black Cat began to speak, “On the way here I noticed some things.” She made sure everyone was paying attention before continuing. “First there were some green hairs on the ground that were obviously shed by Atacir Rata and there were no footprints of either Atacir Rata’s or a dragons.”
	“Which means he flew here,” Spy Girl said.
	“Right,” Black Cat confirmed. “And all this was expected, however there were footprints…three sets of paw prints and human prints along with some brown and black hairs. I could be wrong but I think Crimson Claw along with the combination clones he made by combining mine and Chihuahua’s DNA, Fang and Scratch, are here and the human…”
	“Has to be Sampson,” Spy Girl cut in. “Who else could it be?”
	“I’m not so sure they belonged to Sampson.” Black Cat said. “It’s true that Sampson didn’t use magic or Asantra could have tracked the magical energy signature left behind and there should have been footprints from him but the footprints I saw were too small to have been left by Sampson.”
	“Then whose were they?” Wonder Wolf asked.
	“Judging by the size and depth the prints weren’t exactly a kid’s but they weren’t an adult’s either.” Black Cat said.
	Trixie didn’t need to hear more. Having taken his ability to become a wolf from him as part of her job as the Ultimate Shifter, she knew who it was. “Ryder.” Trixie was a special shape shifter who had the ability to turn into any living thing. She could take on any form she wanted, whether it be animal, human, real or mythical, it didn’t matter. She could even become a boy if she ever desired to. Due to this she had no true form of her own or felt the need to hide her identity using anything other than her real name. Currently Trixie appeared as a human girl. As the Ultimate Shifter it was her job to keep the balance of nature. Normally this meant keeping animals safe from illegal hunting and poaching, but sometimes it involved taking one of a shape shifter’s abilities. When Ryder misused his wolf abilities to lead an attack against humans she had been forced to remove his ability to become one, leaving Ryder a human with a few wolf like qualities. Most of these would eventually fade, such as his wolf instincts, his ability to sound like a wolf in any way, his fangs and yellow eyes. 
	“If even Ryder’s here then that means all of our biggest enemies are here,” Wonder Wolf said.
	“Not all, as far as we know The Virtual Vampire isn’t here,” Spy Girl thought to herself hoping that this was true. Although he lived in the virtual world he had almost escaped into the real more than once. Spy Girl knew he would succeed one day and her worst enemy would be free.
	“I’m sure there isn’t much to worry about with Ryder.” Trixie said, “He is powerless except his sharp teeth, intelligence, his instincts, and maybe his fighting ability which he is sure to have been working on…and actually at this point in time he’s basically still the same as when we last fought him only he can’t become a wolf.”
	“I thought his abilities were supposed to fade,” Wonder Wolf said.
	“They will in time,” Trixie answered, “And actually it shouldn’t be too much longer before this begins happening to him. For now all we can hope is that it begins before we have to fight him again.” 
	“At least we have one new trick we can use against him. He might not be able to become a wolf anymore but I can.” Wonder Wolf said with a wolfish grin. 
“We will defeat him with his own power.” When Trixie had extracted Ryder’s wolf shifting ability it needed a place to go so she gave it to Wonder Wolf since she had some wolf like powers, which is how she got her name. That and the first Wonder Wolf asked her to take on the name and costume after her first and only adventure as a superhero. 
	“Wonder Wolf,” Black Cat warned sensing dark thoughts arising in Wonder Wolf’s mind. “You are a hero.” After discovering for herself how close the line between hero and villain really was and how easy it was to switch to the other side, she felt the need to remind Wonder Wolf of this fact.
	“I know, I won’t forget.” Wonder Wolf promised though this didn’t stop her from thinking about and even enjoying many of the dark thoughts that jumped into her head about the many ways she could use Ryder’s old power against him. Ryder had a way of bringing out the worst in her. He was the only one who ever brought Wonder Wolf close to killing anyone before.
	“Okay everyone,” Black Cat said regaining the attention of the heroes. “Let’s go find out what has been happening around here and learn exactly what we are facing.”
	“I hope Atacir hasn’t collected too many dragons,” Wonder Horse said. He knew his ability to fly meant he might have to battle them or provide some kind of distraction. 
	“I know, that’s probably what worries me most about our current situation,” Wonder Wolf answered. “He could have a whole army of them by now.”
	“I guess there’s only one way to find out,” Wonder Horse sighed as he began following the other heroes towards Ebulon. 
Chapter 22 
The Red Army had returned to Za-xayek, their ranks swollen with new recruits. Ebulon soldiers, miners and refugees alike, all transformed, all now swearing loyalty to the Red Lady. Their clothes and armor, once from different cultures and styles now were a collective red. Many had used the blood of their victims to coat themselves, giving them a more uniform appearance. 
The days had been long and bloody, a fact that Ryder was well aware of. He too had killed many a man and woman and he had enjoyed those killings as they left him with a feeling of power that he desired but hadn’t felt in a long time. He had also been fascinated by the transformations of the men who fell under the Red Lady’s spell. But they couldn’t compare to the shifters of his own world, his kind were intelligent and proud, not just mindless killers. This to him made his kind a superior species. Ryder had heard that they would soon march again to face the forces of Ebulon, but for the time being that wasn’t what interested him. 
He sought out Aneeku, the wearer of the red mask, the being that had fascinated Ryder since the moment he had laid eyes on him. Aneeku wasn’t difficult to find, he was sitting on top of a large square block within one of the many courtyards of the city. Much like the rest of this place, the block was covered in carvings, both elegant and twisted. Ryder had no clue or desire to know what those carvings meant, all he noticed was that there was another boulder-sized block next to the first and it looked awfully comfortable. 
Aneeku barely glanced up from his sword, he was spinning its tip on the ground, keeping it from falling with a single finger. As Ryder took a seat Aneeku kept spinning his weapon. 
“You’re a werewolf,” Ryder stated. 
“As are you,” Aneeku replied, not bothering to look up from his twirling blade. 
Ryder chose silence for a few important moments. He never considered himself a werewolf because the legends that spoke of them painted such things as mindless killers, something he was not. It was why he valued his identity as a wolf-human shape shifter. He knew who he was and was proud of it. What he didn’t know was there were actual creatures that identified themselves as werewolves. In his mind this Aneeku was a legend come to life, he represented knowledge that Ryder never could attain in his own world. For the time being that was more important to him than correcting Aneeku’s mistaken words.
“Why do you rely on a sword and not your claws?” Ryder asked. 
Upon this question Aneeku stopped spinning his blade, flipping it in his hand with inhuman capabilities before resting it still. 
“Killing is killing,” Aneeku began still not bothering to meet Ryder’s gaze. “I have yet to see a pair of claws that can do what this sword can.” 
	Ryder glanced at the blade, it was a beautiful forge of flawless steel. Ryder had seen what Aneeku could do with it, that blade could cut men in half like an axe through a block of cheese. Still no werewolf he ever heard of preferred to kill with anything but their own claws and teeth. His kind of wolf-human shape shifters were the same way. 
“Are there many of your kind where you come from?” Ryder asked, fascinated that there were other shapeshifters, particularly werewolves from a world he had never heard of. 
“I have no kind,” Aneeku said, his voice remaining a low growl. 
“You mean there are no other werewolves in your homeland?” Ryder asked, finding Aneeku more intriguing. 
“There are plenty of werewolves, but none of them are my kind,” Aneeku replied, showing very little interest in his fellow lycan. Ryder wondered about whether Aneeku was the last of his pack, he had noticed a slight edge of distaste in Aneeku’s words, it went beyond simply being bothered by this conversation. 
“Are there those who try to stop you from killing and hunting where you come from?” 
“Plenty,” Aneeku said, spinning his sword once more. “But most aren’t very successful.” 
“You should consider yourself lucky then,” Ryder said. 
“Should I?” Aneeku asked, his tone half-mocking, half-nonchalant. 
“In my homeland there are those who do everything they can to stop my pack, and still others whose job it seems is to keep me from defending them. There are those who have the power to steal my true form away from me.” 
“Why wouldn’t you just kill them before they had a chance to?” Aneeku asked, still not showing particular interest in Ryder. 
“It isn’t as easy as that, the worst of them are not ordinary humans, they are super heroes and they…” 
His words were broken by laughter, wicked and dark, the sounds that came from Aneeku were as taunting as they were monstrous. 
“Superheroes?” Aneeku balked. Aneeku probably would have spat in disgust if he weren’t wearing his mask. “That’s the stupidest thing that I have ever heard!” 
Ryder narrowed his eyes, but Aneeku took little notice of his anger. 
“Heroes are what the weak call the strong, so superhero must be what the pathetic call the mighty.” Now Aneeku was staring right at Ryder. Ryder didn’t blink, expecting Aneeku to continue the taunt by saying something like, ‘I suppose you would call me a superhero then.’ But Aneeku kept silent, he lowered his gaze, but not out of fear or apprehension. To him this Ryder was no more a threat than the bug he had squashed before sitting down. Ryder’s curiosity was quickly transforming into rage, no one had ever spoken to him like this before. 
“Why do you wear that mask? Afraid of your own reflection?” 
To this Aneeku stopped spinning his blade, his eyes raised and widened. Beyond Ryder’s words was his tone, the conversation now sounded much more like a challenge. 
“When I take off this mask…the weak try to run from me but they never get far…do you feel like going for a run?” Ryder had seen what Aneeku could do with that sword, but Ryder knew what his own claws and teeth were capable of, weapons that any real werewolf or wolf shape shifter relied upon. This Aneeku was quite good at killing humans, but Ryder was much more than an ordinary human of which he had killed plenty of back home using nothing but well timed and aimed bites while in his full wolf form. Now, even without the ability to turn into a wolf, Ryder was more powerful and dangerous than ever before. He motioned to speak, wanting to tell Aneeku to take the mask off so Ryder could bury his claws into Aneeku’s face, he was ready to show Aneeku a bloodbath as wet as a lake. 
Before he could speak, the whispering echo of footsteps filled the courtyard and both werewolves were drawn to the sight of Oos. It was surprising to see that Morzu wasn’t by his side, though the same collection of guards shadowed his every step. Upon their approach Ryder stood up, not out of fear and not so much out of respect. Rather he had accepted to take Aneeku as nothing more than a killer, Ryder had little need or desire for lone wolves and Aneeku was the embodiment of that. It wouldn’t bewilder him if Aneeku were careless enough to attack Oos. He hadn’t seen the Ulnath in battle they may have been formidable, but he couldn’t take the risk and allow Aneeku to kill them. He had too much need for the Shadow Stone and wanted to make sure he could stand in Aneeku’s path if the masked one attacked. Though as Oos got closer Aneeku showed little interest in them, as he began spinning his sword once more. 
“Ryder,” Oos said, in that all-knowing voice of his. 
“Oos,” Ryder replied, keeping a civil tongue. The eyes of Oos, the kind of eyes that could make brave men tremble now were upon Aneeku. Oos stared for several seconds of silence before speaking. 
“My shadow scouts have informed me of how well you fought during the attacks on the mines and refugee camps.” 
“And you’re very pretty,” Aneeku replied, mocking the compliment. 
To this Oos smirked, showing that he may have been many things, but not insecure or petty. He reached his hand out to one of the guards who placed a tiny jar within his palm. As Oos brought the jar forward Aneeku raised his eyes as his curiosity peaked. As was Ryder’s, the jar had an incredible smell to it, one that was completely alien yet alluring. “Your slaughtering skills are most impressive Aneeku, I look forward to seeing them being used in the upcoming battle. But while all victims bleed, some bleed better than others wouldn’t you agree?” Aneeku glanced at Ryder, taunting him with silent insinuation. Before Aneeku could speak Oos explained, “This is Ar-ra-gar, a magic that allows one to see the fighting strength of their enemy. It would allow you to seek out the most impressive of the enemies and kill them. I know the enemy army, I know that it is kept together by a few strong and capable captains, amongst others, they will give you the best fights Aneeku.” 
The red masked one instantly knew what Oos wanted from him, he wanted Aneeku to kill the captains and officers. Killing them would be like cutting the head off a spider, only the fangs were truly dangerous and without them the legs would be without direction. Aneeku knew this because many commanders had gotten him to do the same thing back in his own world. Still Aneeku stared at the jar in silence and seemed hesitant to take it. Knowing this Oos raised the jar and leaned his own head back, allowing a single drop to fall in each eye. He didn’t blink, he didn’t flinch, at first it seemed to have no effect, but then he lowered his head. There was a flash of darkness in his eyes, it swam in them like a pair of serpents in strange coloured lakes. With a smile that would cause most men to gasp Oos looked back to Aneeku. 
“I now see for myself just how powerful you truly are for Ar-ra-gar never lies.” 
Ryder watched on with quiet breaths, to him Oos’ display proved little. A snake didn’t fall ill from its own venom. At first he was a little amazed that Aneeku so willingly took the jar in his own hand, for Aneeku clearly wasn’t the trusting type. But as he began to raise the jar above his own eyes Ryder remembered just how arrogant he was. Aneeku was stupid enough to believe that he could defy the ill-effects of magic, if Oos was trying to poison him. Ryder hoped that was the case, he would enjoy seeing Aneeku flapping around on the ground, suffocating like a fish out of water. But when the drops entered his eyes, the process was an exact repeat of what had happened to Oos. A flash of darkness occurred before a pair of serpents began their swim. 
Aneeku now stood up, taking a long breath the way someone does after a deep and rewarding sleep. 
“The time for selective slaughter draws near Aneeku, the army is ready to march.” Aneeku’s eyes slowly crawled over Oos, searching every piece of him. Ryder wondered now, if Ar-ra-gar did work what was Aneeku seeing, how powerful was Oos? Aneeku didn’t flinch or quiver but for a shade of a moment, he seemed impressed by what he saw on Oos. 
That look vanished as soon as he looked to Ryder. He met Aneeku’s eyes as they scurried over him briefly before Aneeku began laughing. It was a snicker, a sound of contempt, a sound that caused fury to fill Ryder. The laugh was meant as a mock, Aneeku had seen his fighting power and found it a joke. Ryder wanted to see how well Aneeku would laugh with his throat torn out. The anger was enough to make Ryder snarl, a growl that showed what he truly was. Aneeku chuckled once more before getting up and walking away, he was twirling his sword in shadow slices, preparing to cut through any number of enemies, he was eager to enter the upcoming battle. Ryder wanted to chase after him, to pounce on him like some kind of red rabbit. His focus was so great on Aneeku that it was only now he noticed that Rhaldan and his Protectors were close by, watching and waiting for Oos. Aneeku taunted them silently with the sword swings, each Protector watching him wearily as he passed them. At such arrogance Ryder growled, he couldn’t care less about what happened to the Protectors or Rhaldan, but it was time someone put Aneeku in his place. 
He managed a single step before Oos spoke, “Ryder.” His voice brought Ryder out of his rage, Oos’ tone was hard to ignore, it was both calm and commanding at the same time. Ryder was drawn to the jar, watching as Oos handed it back to one of his guards. When Ryder looked him in the eye Oos could tell he was disappointed. “My scouts inform me that you fought brilliantly during the raids, I am glad to hear that. I must ask you to use that brilliance in the upcoming battle. If you do your reward shall be far greater than mere Ar-ra-gar.” His words soothed Ryder’s rage. Ryder had answered the call initially because his instincts told him this world could give him what he needed, and any good wolf, werewolf or otherwise, trusted their instincts. 
He trusted them now as he said, “I promise you my brilliance will be better on this battlefield than they were during the raids.” 
To that, Oos smiled, a smile that pleased Ryder’s instincts.  
Chapter 23 
The sounds of marching could be heard from outside the tower, surrounding it like gallons of water uniting and heading for a drain. The problem was, the sounds were  distant, every noise was in the King’s ear. His mind should have been focused, but it wasn’t, it was scattered like leaves in a high wind. The noises were his troops preparing for the upcoming battle, just like he had ordered. He was alone in the royal armory and was preparing to join them. He had been in enough battles that he didn’t need help in putting on a suit of armor. The familiarity allowed his body to prepare for battle, while his mind was elsewhere, travelling through the long lonely roads of his past. 
He had kept the phantoms at bay when he had given the order, but now with no one around they were in control of his thoughts. Even now with his very kingdom at stake all he could think about was his son and the day he lost him. Occasionally parts of his mind tried to fight it, tried to get him to focus on the situation at hand, but it was a hopeless endeavor. 
He had changed his armor, for he had many suits to chose from. Over it, he fastened the black cloak of his bloodline, a cloak that every king and most queens had worn into battle. His wife had once worn this cloak as well, a fact his mind made him horribly aware of. He found himself stroking the cloak under his nose, smelling its scent, hoping that his nostrils would be filled with the smell of her perfume. But it smelled only of age and dust. The lack of the desired scent did little to distance the memory, rather it strengthened it. There was a time when he had accepted that he would never see his wife again or his son. But the world had changed, except for its cruelty, everything else seemed to wither away but cruelty was immortal. 
As he placed the cloak on his shoulders he wasn’t filled with the strength of his ancestors, the bravery of his bloodline. It felt like a funeral cloak, a reminder that a part of him had died long ago. That was the problem with all of this.  In place of thinking strategically about the moment at hand, the entire thing had felt very routine, like his body was simply going through the motions of preparations. This was bad, the enemy force would not be easily defeated, even if his army was had complete trust in him, which they didn’t, meaning he would need to be at his best. Though he was aware of this the mental phantoms took little notice. What he did notice was just how badly his hands were shaking, not from fear but from trepidation. 
His mind then played out a battle in his head, he had no problem killing whatever abominations that the Ulnath had summoned. But he couldn’t forget how they were summoned, because of his son. He was normally a thinking man, he often didn’t win battles because of his strength alone but rather a sharp mind. He almost always had solutions to any scenario he would face. But he didn’t know what would happen if on the battlefield he came face to face with his son. Would he even be able to recognize Viadi? Would his son have become a monster, what had the Ulnath made of him? 
The routine continued as he chose several knives to hang at his belt, leaving only a sword to be chosen. On memory his shaking hand reached for a golden sword but stopped half way. This sword had been the weapon of his father, the very weapon Yadi had used in almost every battle he had ever fought. Now it acted as another reminder to his failures, the whole reason why he had tried to take the Harrow mines was so he could live up to the legacy of his father. Because of his arrogance and over ambition he had lost his wife and son, which had led to this entire situation. This Red Army and all the other evils of the otherworlds could very well destroy the world he called home. The rational part of his mind won a small victory as he took the golden blade and placed it at his side. His troops were use to seeing him wield it on the battlefield. He had to lead by example, fighting on the frontline, landing the first blow. These were all practices he knew well.
With his mind still divided by his own troubles and the realities of losing his kingdom he placed his crown back on his head. Even through the helmet he wore it felt very heavy, the weight of rule had felt lighter when the Orc Confederation had attacked this city. Because back then his mind was focused, he was only facing enemies. Today he might very well be facing his own flesh and blood. 
He focused as best he could and eventually his hand steadied, he allowed his body to complete the routine, checking one last time to make sure the armor and weapons were in their proper place. They were and that is when he realized the sounds of marching had come to an end, his troops were waiting for him. Not a shell of a broken man, but a powerful king who would lead them to victory and restore the glory that Ebulon once possessed, at the least that was a part of his past that he could reclaim. He took a long breath, though soft it seemed to echo throughout the room. At the least it didn’t sound so distant in his ear anymore, it was time to do what good kings do best. He made sure his head was raised high as he left the royal armory, grateful that he did so for outside its doors Regent Jenner was waiting for him. 
“My King,” he said his voice heavy yet courteous. 
“Regent Jenner,” the king replied. Already he could feel how thick the air was with trepidation, the weight of what would happen on this day seemed to be a burden to everyone, even the Regent seemed hunched over as if struggling with the weight of reality the kingdom now was in. 
As the two began walking through the tower Regent Jenner spoke. “Shadow mages are scouting the enemy my King, they are indeed marching on mass towards the city. If we are to cut them off at Sorn field we will have to march ourselves as soon as possible.” 
“What is the enemy number?” King Yadi asked, strength back in his voice.
“Estimates vary my King…the shadow mages didn’t want to risk getting too close to the enemy and being discovered.” 
“I understand,” the king replied. “A lot of good men and women are going to die today, there is nothing that we can do to change that, except to ensure that we lose as few as possible and those that we lose didn’t die for nothing.” 
Regent Jenner heard his words well but got the feeling he was talking more to himself than the Regent. “The enemy number could be as high as 60,000 thousand.”
 This was enough to get the king to stop his step and look the regent in the eye. “60,000 thousand?” The King repeated, not liking the taste of the words in his mouth.
The Regent nodded grimly. “The estimates are all over the place my King, the lowest puts them at out about 20,000.” 
Yadi understood why the numbers were all over the place, fear offer did that and the tower stank of it. The few maids and servants that were still on duty did nothing to hide their fears, they believed that there was a very good chance that Ebulon would fall today, even the few tower guards that remained did nothing to hide their concerns. 
“Our own forces number no more than 12,000,” Yadi stated in a matter of fact way. 
“That is true my King, but Kae did manage to convince the refugees to fight alongside us. They agreed to the terms we set forth, their children and elderly are being housed at the back of the city while every able bodied man and woman has been armed with orc weaponry. They are waiting outside the gate to march.” “
What is their numbers?” the king asked. 
“About 9,000 according to Commander Alatearame.” King Yadi nodded, knowing that the Commander’s mind wouldn’t be clouded by fear and therefore the number was probably accurate. 
“How many of them are trained warriors?” Yadi asked. 
Regent Jenner hung his head, knowing the answer instantly but clearly not liking it. “I don’t know an exact number but Commander Alatearame oversaw the weapons being handed out, she believes at best no more than 500 have ever fought on a proper battlefield.” 
King Yadi nodded in acceptance but didn’t say anything for a long time, his mind studying each fact like an obsessed scholar. “What of the otherworld heroes, how many of them have answered the call?” Yadi asked. 
“There is a group called Heroes United that have come to aid the city, they helped in the defense of an entry point during the battle of Ebulon.” 
King Yadi nodded, “I remember them, their aid will be much appreciated.” 
“That it will my King, however they have brought more than just aid they have brought information.” 
King Yadi didn’t like the weakness of his words but didn’t break his stride. “What information?” he asked. 
“The evils that are helping the Ulnath, one of them is a giant rodent called Atacir, he has stolen a very powerful harness from his own world. One that has given him the ability to ride a powerful dragon called Golden Flame, as well as the ability to gather and control other dragons.” 
These words brought the King to a stop, it seemed his first instinct was correct, Edo Volis hadn’t been hallucinating. “So in other words the enemy shall have dragons under their control during this battle?” 
“There have been no reports about them marching with the enemy army, but it seems so my King.” 
The King took another very long breath, this one might not have echoed but that didn’t comfort him much, knowing how powerful dragons could be. “All the better that we face them in open battle, the field melee will prevent the dragons from using flames unless they are willing to scorch their own troops.” The king replied as he began walking again.
Regent Jenner nodded, even though that wasn’t out of the realm of possibilities.
“They also mentioned a character called Sampson, he has stolen a powerful magical wand that could be quite dangerous in his hands.” 
King Yadi did his best to remain hard of expression, but it was beginning to worry him just how powerful the enemy was. “What of the other world heroes, have any others answered the call?” 
“I am afraid not my lord,” Regent Jenner said reluctantly. King Yadi stopped once again, looking at the Regent as if hoping he was joking. But the Regent didn’t smile, this wasn’t some dark lark. The King resumed walking his legs beginning to feel as if they were made of stone. “They have their own evils to face, we cannot expect them to drop everything to aid us.” King Yadi said, clearly more to himself than the regent. “It was the over reliance on otherworld others which made our own troops so disenfranchised in the first place,” he added. 
Though he knew this was true, he didn’t regret calling for aid during the battle of Ebulon. He knew that if the otherworld heroes hadn’t come then Ebulon would have been crushed like every other human kingdom. In some ways the burden of the battle was heavier now than at the battle of Ebulon. Because simple survival would not be enough today, he would need a decisive victory, to prove to his troops that he was still worthy of serving them. He was horribly aware of this as he continued down towards the ground floor of the Tower. 
“I see that you too are ready for the battle field Regent Jenner,” he stated glancing at the orc armor and sword that the Regent carried at his side. 
“Indeed I am, my King. I am not a fool, I understand the gravity of this situation. I cannot promise you great deeds on my part this day, I shall not be remembered in the history books as a great warrior, but you will know that I have done my part to keep this city safe.” 
“As you did during the battle of Ebulon?” The king asked, showing confidence in the regent. 
“Yes,” he replied. “Malik in his own very brutish way showed me that more than just words are needed when the enemy is at the gate, I understand that now.” 
“I am glad you do,” King Yadi said before stopping and turning to face the regent. “I am also glad that you have found your courage Jenner, but I need you to stay behind in the city. The refugees and the few guards that will stay behind will be trapped in a state of fear of the unknown. They will need a rational well spoken mind to ensure that chaos doesn’t consume the city.” He placed a strong hand on the regent’s shoulder as he said, “Today your words are needed more than your hands.” There was a part of the regent that was disappointed, but most of him was actually glad the king had said this, because in truth he wasn’t a warrior, something Captain Juruz had made him painfully aware of. 
“Do not get me wrong,” The king stated as he began walking again. “I have faith in Captain Torrin, we may only be able to spare a thousand soldiers to stay behind and guard the city, but I believe he will be able to make the best of it.” 
Now Regent Jenner stopped and the heaviness of his expression made the king worry greatly. Stopping his own step Yadi turned to face him. 
“That may be true my King, but Captain Torrin will not be staying behind, he will be fighting on the field.” 
“What?” The King asked in confusion. 
The Regent shook his head, clearly not liking what he was about to say. “Captain Juruz will be staying behind to guard the city.” 
“Under whose orders?” The king asked, an edge to his tone. 
“Apparently the two of them came to such a decision by themselves.” 
The King shook his head, this is the last thing he needed. “They do realize that isn’t a decision for either one of them to make?” Regent Jenner kept his eyes lowered, not wanting to feel the wrath of his king. He knew Yadi wasn’t a cruel man, but he was a powerful one, it was the reason why the Regent’s loyalty had never wavered, which couldn’t be said for many of the Ebulon soldiers. “Both of them will have to explain themselves to me!” 
“They know that my King,” Regent Jenner began struggling to keep up with the fast pace Yadi was now moving at. “They are waiting in the courtyard of the tower for you.” 
Anger was brewing within the king. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing, not after the decisions he had recently made. He knew that Torrin was a good captain, a proven warrior but Juruz was an exceptional one. Chances were that today he would both be out manned and out powered. He would need his best troops fighting alongside him and there was none better than Juruz. 
He didn’t even have to order the entrance doors to be open, the guardsmen could see the power of his gaze, the purpose of his steps. Inside the courtyard a number of his advisors were waiting to be by his side but they remained speechless as he passed them heading towards the two captains he sought who stood side by side away from everyone else. He didn’t say anything at first, searching their gazes to see what was going through their minds. He could tell both were aware of what they had done, if this had been another time back when the kingdom was flourishing, both would be severely punished. But the kingdom was floundering, the respect that King Yadi had once earned was no longer enough to keep order, he knew this, they knew this, but the fact these two men would take advantage of it boiled his already hot blood. 
“I have been informed that the two of you have come to a decision about the upcoming battle. A decision made that I wasn’t even aware of.” He searched their gazes but both remained silent. “Your king asks for an explanation will you not speak?” Again the two captains stayed quiet, it was vague but he could see the doubt in their eyes. Stepping forward towards Juruz the King asked, “You of all people Juruz have openly criticized my decisions, you have constantly informed me that the soldiers of this city no longer want to hide and flee from the enemy. I make the decision that those same soldiers wanted me to make and now you will run and hide?” 
“I am doing no such thing,” Juruz replied in his powerful voice, clearly offended by the accusation. “I am not running or hiding from anything, I want to ensure that the city will not fall and it will not, not while I am here to defend it.” His words struck the king like a volley of arrows as a realization consumed him. Captain Juruz hadn’t just lost some faith in his command, he had lost all of it. The revelation shook the king to his very soul, because there had been a time when there was no one more loyal than this captain.
“Did you order the 3500 troops to try and reclaim the mines?” King Yadi asked, needing to know the extent of Juruz’s doubt and remembering that when the orders of retreat had been given Juruz was quick to hurry off and slower to return to the tower. 
“No I did not,” Juruz replied. “But I do not blame them for standing by the vows they took to protect this city.” Yadi found himself searching for the right words, demanding respect was a poor way to rule, especially now. 
Slowly the king’s eyes fell upon Torrin who could feel the weight of such a gaze.
“Why did you agree to this Captain Torrin? You were promoted for the purpose of protecting this city.”
 “This I know my King,” Torrin began forcing himself to look Yadi in the eye.
“And protect it I shall in the best possible way I know how. To make sure the enemy doesn’t get close enough to even see the city.” The air was heavy with tension, he could tell that both captains were choosing their words carefully. He may not have been sure who had issued the order to reclaim the mines but he was quite sure there were few who hadn’t lost faith in him, but not Juruz, even Commander Alatearame hadn’t lost faith in Captain Juruz. He was quite sure that Torrin was sticking to his old loyalty, that Juruz had told Torrin that he was going to guard the city and Torrin hadn’t even put up a protest. 
He too now had to choose his words carefully, he needed his army to follow him into battle. If he demanded that Juruz do as he was told it would leave many of his troops embittered and unwilling. That was something that he couldn’t risk. 
“So be it,” the king said sternly before looking Juruz directly in the eye. “I am no fool I know that you have lost faith in me.” When Juruz kept his silence, the king knew his words to be true. “But I haven’t lost faith in you, keep our city safe until I return.” Captain Juruz only gave the slightest nod of acknowledgement but remained silent. “As for you Captain Torrin,” The king said with short sharp tones, stepping towards him.
“Because of this change of command without my blessing you will have to make it up to me, the troops under your command shall have to fight better on this day than they ever have before. I want them to be like demons today, I want them to make the enemy tremble in fear as they charge towards them. Do you understand captain?” 
“That I do my King,” Torrin said simply. “But the words would sound much better coming from you directly.” 
The king could see it now, a powerful calamity consumed the eyes of the captain. It was not the look of a scared insect but of a disappointed giant. There was far more to it than just his son, ever since the battle of Ebulon, he had become distant from his troops. The battle of Ebulon was the first battle, which he hadn’t led, in fact he hadn’t even really been involved. At the time he was simply doing what was necessary to keep his kingdom alive, but in focusing on that necessity he had forgotten a lot of why his troops had respected him in the first place. For three months he hadn’t bothered to continue instilling pride into his troops, he hadn’t walked and talked amongst them. He had spent most of his time barely overseeing the operations, giving orders from the distance of his tower. This wasn’t the king he was, it wasn’t what his troops had expected from the man they had once served so loyally. He still had much trepidation of his own but this was hardly new, the big difference now is that he hadn’t made an effort with his troops. In times of such desperation, when darkness seemingly consumes all the king needed to be a burning inferno of light, not a flickering candle hardly seen.  He needed to change that and he needed to do it now, he needed his own flames to burn brighter than even the breath of a dragon. 
“So it shall be,” he said to Captain Torrin before turning and making his way towards the closest walkway. His escort of advisors began to follow him until he turned around and addressed them. “No,” he said powerfully, his tone slightly distant. “This is something that I must do on my own.” As he ascended the steps his legs felt heavier, becoming more like iron than stone. 
Once upon the walkways that bordered the city he could feel the eyes of thousands of his people boring into him. Their gazes were heavy, the burden of thousands of doubts, dreams and concerns. He didn’t look at any of them his mind simply focused on moving through the walkways and reaching the beginning of the city. He did glance down briefly to see that his hands were shaking slightly. As his mouth felt like it was full of dirt he still didn’t know what he would do if he came face to face with his son on the battlefield. But in that moment he knew what must be done right there and then. 
Before he knew it he reached the final walkway of the city, the one that was built above the gates of the first entry point. Because his city hadn’t been completely rebuilt and thus not every wall was as high as it once was, it was here that everyone in the city as well as outside of it could see him. His gaze descended upon the mass of refugees, thousands of men and women dressed in the armory of orcs, each with a weapon in their hand. He could see Kae upon their front line, looking up at the king he had done so much to help. Amongst the mass outside the gate Kae stood out, because he was the only one with trust in his eyes. The other eyes, the thousands of sets showed no love or trust for the king. 
His gaze felt as heavy as his legs and moved slowly as he looked upon his own soldiers, the men and women of Ebulon that had assembled inside the city waiting to march. He could see little trust amongst them as well, doubt was clear in their gazes. Forcing his own doubts out of his mind and steadying his hand.  
“Hear me!” Yadi bellowed ensuring the silence of the masses remained while he spoke. He ensured that his stance or gaze showed no favor to either army, standing so each could see his eyes and expression. “I know that you are all angry, you are all weary, you are all sick of hiding and running. I know this because I share your sickness.” There was no weakness in his words, they were stronger than steel, his gaze harder than stone. “I also know that there is an army of monstrosities and other such foul things marching upon us. They do not want our lands, they do not want these walls, they do not want food, water or shelter. They want our lives! They want to either destroy us or enslave us!” He paused to allow his words as much impact as possible. “I say never!” He bellowed. “Not while there is a weapon in my hand, strength in my arm and breath in my body! The enemy army dresses themselves in red! If they are so fond of such a colour I say we paint them in it! But we shan’t be bringing any paint!” 
With an iron hand he took out his sword, the speed of which caused a slicing sound to echo throughout the city and beyond. He held it high, wanting its light captured by the sun for all to see, he would be the inferno they needed in this time of darkness. “These shall be our brushes and their blood shall be the paint!” He didn’t notice it but several Ebulon soldiers and refugees began lifting their heads as if to listen more intently. “I know that some of you doubt me!” He bellowed looking at his own troops. “I know that few of you have any affection for me or my city!” He yelled looking at the refugees. Looking into the distance, ensuring that everyone could see his gaze he continued. “I am not asking any one of you to fight for me! I am asking you to fight for yourselves! This Red Army takes pleasure in making men into monsters and killing women. If they like monsters so much we shall become monsters ourselves! Not ones who serve the Red Army, but ones who will destroy it! It is time that this Red Army becomes afraid! That they shall fear you and I, the same way they want to be feared!” 
More heads rose as Yadi continued. “Let no man or woman who hear these words ever forget the horrors the orcs have caused to all of us! Is there a single man or woman here who hasn’t lost something because of them! A mother! A father! A daughter! A son! A brother! A sister!” Once again he waited, wanting his words to sink into each of their souls. By the raising of heads his words were successful. “Or a wife! Or a husband!” He ensured he looked specifically at the refugees when he added, “Or a home!” Looking back into the distance he continued, “Is there any man or woman here who can say they haven’t lost something dear because of the orcs!” 
The silence that resounded throughout both armies only strengthened his words. “For centuries upon centuries the orcs have stolen our lives and pillaged our lands! Because they are the most foul things in this world! And no orc is fouler than the Ulnath! The very creatures that brought this Red Army into our world along with other evils!” His words were working, both Ebulon soldier and refugee were remembering who had truly done them wrong. “I ask no one here to sing together! I don’t ask anyone to drink together.” He bellowed using his sword to point back and forth between the two armies. More heads raised, one in particular was the head of Juruz. Seeing the passion that his king spoke with, the strength of his stance, it made him remember all the reasons why he had served this king, why he had gladly gone into battle alongside Yadi countless times. Because he was a man who never demanded respect, he always earned it just like he was doing now. 
“All I ask from each and everyone of you is to slaughter the enemy! No that is too weak of a word! What I ask is that each of you fight and kill so viciously that the few survivors of our attack will scurry back to Za-xayek or whatever pitiful pit of a world they came from! Not with a song on their lips but a scream! A scream of terror so powerful that it shakes every world out there and let’s any and all foul things know that if they ever come to our world only death will await them!” 
Now there was not a single head that wasn’t raised, Yadi’s words booming through the two armies like divine thunder. “This is what I ask of each and everyone of you! What is your answer?” 
Instantly a huge roar ascended from both armies, as there was not a single weapon not raised in salute to his words. In that moment the two roars became one, a collective sound of power. It was the best answer Yadi had ever heard. Yadi listened to the collective roar, his own words causing adrenaline to rush through his body as he took heavy breaths. He didn’t know how long the roar went for, but it felt like an eternity, an eternity he was glad to live through. When it had only died down slightly he raised his sword higher and bellowed, “We march!” his words received another roar the loudest he had ever heard. 
Chapter 24
	Atacir and Sampson were waiting outside of a cave when using powers identical to the mages of Ebulon, an Ulnath appeared from shadow. Sampson briefly wondered if he could do something like that but his thoughts were interrupted when the Ulnath began speaking. “The enemy is gathering at Sorn field.” he informed them. “The army is already on the march. You two need to join it now, especially if you want the power of the Shadow Stone.”  
	The Ulnath vanished as quickly as he appeared leaving the two of them alone with their thoughts and each other. 
	More than anything Sampson wanted that power. He was especially eager to see how the Shadow Stone would increase the power of his stolen wizard wands. With the wands being the key to accomplishing his own villainous goals he knew that all would be lost without the Shadow Stone’s powers. “Atacir?” Sampson questioned. “We are joining the march aren’t we?”
	“Yes, of course.” Atacir replied distractedly. 
	“Air Raid will be useless for battle you know,” Sampson said testing his companion. 
	“Not a problem,” Atacir answered leaving Sampson to wonder how much attention the alien general was paying to what he said.
	“I’m going to go join the march now,” Sampson said preparing to teleport himself there.
	“Sampson,” Atacir ordered causing Sampson to stop what he was doing thinking he was in trouble for making a decision to leave without permission. Atacir continued, “You must go join the march. I saw a large dragon which looks very powerful. I’m going to capture it and will join you when I’m done.”
	“Nice to know you agree that I should go,” Sampson said sarcastically. He figured Atacir wouldn’t hear him as he had already taken off to find the dragon though just in case he was wrong, Sampson didn’t hesitate to magically teleport himself to the march as quickly as possible.
	Atacir chased the dragon, which was fast. As he and Golden Flame zoomed through the sky he thought for a moment they might not catch this one but soon she proved to be the fastest dragon around as the distance began slowly closing between Atacir and his target. Atacir noticed that some of his previously captured dragons were having trouble keeping up but didn’t worry about it. Being under his control he knew they would catch up to him eventually. 
	When Golden Flame finally caught up to the other dragon Atacir quickly had her use her powers to put it under his control. Soon the new dragon flew to join the others. In celebration Atacir flew Golden Flame in a loop around all the captured dragons. Then he flew down to the ground. “This is going to work well,” Atacir said to himself as he glanced up. Flying above him was enough dragons to make a large army. All of the dragons looked battle ready and best of all they were under his control. 
Chapter 25 
No songs or war chants were performed upon the march to Sorn field. King Yadi hadn’t expected any anyway. This left the air filled with the dull, almost mechanical sound of boots striking the earth. His army and the refugees had worked fast and sufficiently in setting up the supply and medical tents at the back of the field. The army had been assembled, the Ebulon forces on the left flank, the refugees on the right. The Heroes United had taken up position with the reserves at the rear. King Yadi had showed great trust in them for they were tasked with dealing with any dragons that may come to this field. He would never speak of it, but in some ways he trusted Kae and the Heroes United more than his own troops, a truth that he despised but a truth nonetheless. His speech had rallied them to march, but their desperation had formed mainly because words were not enough. That point would be proven more on this day than any other. All that was needed now was for the enemy army to arrive and that would not take long. 
In the distance they could be seen, a mass horde of red, peppered with black and blue. Even from this distance the morbidity of the enemy army could be seen. It was a collection of dark, twisted beings, forged together to rape and destroy the inhabitants of this world. King Yadi could tell that the reported numbers had been exaggerated. He even had a slight numbers advantage of about 3,000 troops. Placing the enemy army at about 18,000. There were also no dragons in the sky, a cloudless and beautiful heaven of blue. It was an awe-inspiring vision that would look down upon what would be the dirtiest of bloodbaths. He wasn’t a fool and had no reason to believe the Heroes United were lying. The dragons would be upon this battlefield sometime today. This only motivated King Yadi to try and win the battle before that could happen, to slaughter the enemy so badly that they had no choice but to surrender or flee. 
As the enemy army drew closer he already could see one advantage he had that the enemy did not. He was leading from the front line and gladly would be one of the first into the battle. The Ulnath, which made up a mere 500 of the 18,000 all were positioned in the rear lines. But there was no doubt this was an army led by Ebulon’s oldest enemy. They were the only orcs who did not march to the dark beat of drums, they always marched in silence. Legend explained for the Ulnath brought death wherever they went and death was soundless. 
“Stand ready!” Yadi yelled, his cry being answered by the sounds of helmets tightening and weapons being raised. Sorn Field had been the perfect place for him to prove his worth, geography had ensured that a force as large as the Ulnath army had to cross it. 
The enemy forces had now reached the beginning of the field and Yadi could see the abominations more clearly. There were no human men amongst the front lines, just feral things caught between humanity and monstrosity. There were others who were even fouler, resembling the strange wolf faced beast Ulka had presented to Yadi. He could see women amongst them but few appeared human, many were wraith like, nightmarish shapes of darkness. He could see a small handful of men in black uniforms, having no doubt they were in fact human. He could see a few other individuals but his mind was searching for one in particular. He searched hard and quick at every face he could see as the Ulnath army continued to march towards them. His son didn’t seem amongst them, it may have been twenty years since he had seen Viadi but he would never forget his sons eyes, standing there with oblivion marching towards him that was one thing he was sure of. Apart of him was relived but another part was confused. If his son wasn’t here, where was he? 
He quickly checked the nightmarish mass once again and could see that some possessed Ebulon armor, some had once been his own people, corrupted by a fetid sickness. A horrid thought filled him, what if the Ulnath had allowed this Red Army to corrupt his son, as payment for them helping to destroy the city? The idea made him sick all over, that one of the feral things could actually be his son. He felt dizzy for a moment, his knees losing significant strength. He breathed heavily, attempting to rid himself of the poison of such a possibility. 
The enemy army now came to a halt on the other side of the field. They stared upon the refugees and Ebulon soldiers like demons looking for bodies to possess. The air was full of animosity, thicker than stone with tension. Yadi forced himself to concentrate, he couldn’t afford to worry anymore. This Red Army was a disease, a plague that if it wasn’t stopped here and now would infect the entire world. If the refugees and the Ebulon soldiers weren’t victorious the Red Army would swell its own ranks and continue the consumption of this world. They would move onto the dwarf and elf kingdoms, the goblins would be the next to fall, then the giants, until there was nothing left in this world except for monsters and orcs. King Yadi couldn’t allow that to happen, as he had said not while there was strength in his arm and breath in his body. Beyond that today a rivalry of 100,000 hate filled years would come to an end. Either Ebulon or Za-xayek would be crippled so badly they could never again challenge the victor. One civilization would perish the other would prosper. It seemed that it would not be so much strategy but rather strength that would win this battle, Sorn field was flat ground giving neither side an advantage. There was too much at stake for the king to be weak, he had to be strong and determined, his own desires meant nothing compared to the greater good of his people and this world. 
	He focused once more and could see that many in the enemy army were wielding Ulnath weapons. Unlike most orc weapons these blades, spears and axes weren’t simply brutish, they were sophisticated instruments of suffering and death. 
The two sides stared at one another, both imagining what they would do to one another in mere moments. King Yadi swallowed hard as he raised his sword, ready to begin this hellish conflict. His eyes were drawn to movement from the back of the enemy forces, he could see an Ulnath hand raising a sword towards his own army.
 Knowing what this meant Yadi rushed forward, taking three steps before he bellowed, “Charge!” The refugees and Ebulon soldiers echoed his movements as they collectively bellowed and charged. In response the enemy army gave out a combined hideous screech as they charged as well. Yadi had purposely taking three steps before giving the order, he wanted to be the first into battle, he wanted the honor of the first kill.
His body was pumping with adrenaline and strength, his muscles remembering what it felt like to be on a battlefield. He locked eyes with one of the enemy lieutenants, a woman that was far less wraith like that most. She would be his first victim, because that is what this Red Army was, not enemies that needed to be defeated, but victims that needed to be slaughtered. 
With his entire army now barely a step behind him he raised his sword and screamed louder. He buried the sword deep into her head, creating a near deafening screech to escape her body before she fell lifelessly. The sound would normally be a terrible thing to hear, but Yadi loved such a sound, it was recognition that he had claimed the first kill. 
The sound was followed by a symphony of steel and screams, as the two armies smashed into one another, like two beasts butting heads. The spilling of blood became almost like a sickening mist, rising and falling in the air as the reek of death could already be smelled by all. The battle for Ebulon, Za-xayek and the very world itself had begun.
Chapter 26 
	As always, the Red Lady’s horse could sense her annoyance.  The great beast skittered sideways breaking the woman’s fierce concentration.  Instinctively, her hand clenched into a fist, but as she was brought back to her current surroundings, her ire diminished.
	She opened her hand and patted the horse’s mane.
	“Easy,” she whispered. “The end is near.”
	The horse’s ears twitched and the Red Lady glanced past them to the gates of Ebulon.
	The Red Lady glanced behind her to the host of warriors at her command.  With the passage of time, most men who had come into her service no longer exhibited obvious signs of human frailty.  They were more bestial now, like feral shards of shadow.  The glimmer at the center of their eyes indicated obedience to her, and ruthlessness to all else.
	She tilted her head and was inclined to send her consciousness away to the rest of her troops.  She felt the pain of separation as a full two thirds of her host had been distributed to Oos.
	Two thirds!
  	She had submitted to the indignity for a number of reasons, but the sheer temerity of the situation still enraged her.
	How dare they delude themselves into believing they could lead her forces into battle!  How little they knew of her connection to her charges to even suggest such a scenario could even be possible.
	Again she was tempted to close her eyes and send her mind away.
	Her warriors would hear her, and they would come to her if she beckoned them.
	The mere suggestion of her power almost sent her consciousness away.  She had to struggle for a moment to stay in her body.
	Not now.
	Not yet.
	The battle must be here.  First here!
	There was a reason she had submitted to be defiled by this foul strategy.
	The Shadow Stone!
	As with all magical objects it was impossible to know what the mythical object was truly capable of.  Could it augment the strength of a man?  Could it restore a warrior or mage that had been critically wounded?
	Those were the obvious questions, but she cultivated further musings which were more a matter of personal ambition.
	As always, in the back of her mind, the Red Lady heard the rhythmical breathing of her daughters.  They buzzed like a pestilent host, but to all appearances they were hidden as her male troops took position before the gates.
	But her daughters were there.
	At the darkest moment, her daughters always rose up with strength and loyalty that made her absorbed male warriors seem almost feeble by comparison.
	Emotion surged through the Red Lady as she considered her daughters’ love.
	It supported her with a strength beyond life and death.
	But though their loyalty was unquestioned, she was troubled by the fact that she had failed them.
	Her daughters were but wraiths, in a state of constant deterioration that was a result of their unnatural creation.
	In time, they would wither and die, like petals of a flower cast into a fire.
	It was their destiny.
	Unless the Shadow Stone could make tangible some less distasteful dream.
	For that promise, she would endure the stripping of her army.
	For that she would lead her male warriors to carnage.
	The end game would be hers, and she still had several tricks left to play.

***

For the first time since the Sack Swords had formed, the dirt, filth and soot that covered them could be considered an aid. It worked as great camouflage as they had made their way towards Ebulon through the dull dusty mountain landscape. They hadn’t marched like a regular army they had crawled, staying close to the ground, moving like a colony of ants. A colony hungry enough, cold enough and desperate enough to enter the cave of a bear, called Ebulon. Match Head Ged knew this, but like any good commander he had used the desperation as motivation in place of letting it devour his troops. 
The long hard days of training were already showing promise, he was moving an army of just over ten thousand silently across a difficult terrain, few commanders could make such a claim. He hadn’t heard a single rock being pushed out of place or the whisper of a dirt trail being disturbed; they truly were like an army of ants. Beyond this the club that Ged wielded finally felt more comfortable in his hand, more like a man made mace than the clobber stick of an orc. It would never replace the sword he once owned, but he had long accepted that he couldn’t reclaim most of the past. He had kept the morale of his troops, his most important asset in keeping them united, by making them remember all the horrors that these orc weapons had inflicted, how effective they could be in killing humans. Though many were sickened by such memories it gave them trust in the orc weapons most now wielded, another important factor in battle. 
Ged believed as did most under his command that he had chosen the right time to attack. Scouts had informed him that the bulk of the Ebulon army was moving out of the city, the reason didn’t specifically matter. All it meant was a skeleton grew of guards were protecting the city and if he could take it quickly enough before Yadi knew what was happening, ten thousand men were as effective as 50,000 when they had stone walls to work with. Plus they would have proper food, meat that was meant to be consumed and ale. Vaas, the ebulon ale, certainly wasn’t the best brew, but Ged would kill a thousand men just to get a drop of it. 
Being the good leader that he was he had led the crawl, the entire army at his back. He was sure that if the gods were watching his army really would look like ants, but ants that would no longer be insignificant, that would no longer have to crawl. He could already taste the Vaas, and eagerness to take Ebulon erupted inside of him like a volcano. 

But the attack hadn’t begun yet and for good reason. The Sack Swords weren’t alone in wanting the city, Ged could see them, an army dressed in red, marching towards its gates. Amongst their ranks he could see a few men as filthy and dirt covered as the troops he commanded. They didn’t worry him at all, but there were others, strange slumped over creatures, covered in fur and filth. They were easily as monstrous as orcs, but were of a very different darkness. This army didn’t march with uniforms or wield standardized weapons, they were a scavenger army, the similarity between them and the warriors he commanded was an eerie revelation. 
If it had stopped there Ged wouldn’t have been so mesmerized, but there were more than just filthy men and filthy monsters. He could see a handful of females as well, he couldn’t bring himself to call them women. Some possessed flesh, but most were forged from smoke. It wasn’t the kind of smoke that was spawned from a tobacco pipe, it was a far fouler smoke. Seeing them made him think of the orc meat he had survived on within the mountains, he didn’t understand why orc meat turned gray when cooked. Living orcs weren’t gray in colour, but these creatures were. That truth unnerved him slightly, it was rare for Ged to see an army filled with things he had never fought. 
It was easy to spot their leader, she was the only one that rode instead of marched. The horse that carried her was much like its rider, flawless, statuesque and that is what disturbed him the most. If one were to simply know of this woman from a painting they would think of her as nothing more than beautiful. That was the problem, she was too beautiful, even the most radiant women and handsome men had flaws, tiny ones that weren’t noticed if they weren’t sought after. Ged sought such flaws and could see none, even the armor she wore seemed more scalped for a statue than for something living. 
Ged could feel eyes upon him, like chains placed on a prisoner. Even before he turned his head and looked to Uraod, he knew what the man was going to say. 
“That is the Red Army, the one who leads them is the Red Lady.” He spoke in a clear whisper. 
At times, Matchhead Ged had regretted allowing Uraod and Nilt a place in his army. Uraod was a reminder, a ghost of his past. Back when he fought under Droak and the world had possibilities for him, not just practicality. He hadn’t enjoyed keeping Uraod close by his side, but it was necessary, he was concerned that Nilt and Uraod both wouldn’t be able to match the training of the others and a slipped rock could make an awfully big noise. But the truth was Nilt and especially Uraod had taken to the training, more and more Ged believed that Uraod had indeed once been a soldier, a damn good one at that. Uroad had gotten under Ged’s skin before the march had taken place. Ged thought about what Uraod was thinking, how he had carefully reminded him of the Droakins and how the refugees had been too badly terrorized by the Red Army that they willingly marched alongside them now. He knew that Uraod wanted him to order the Sack Swords to attack the army below. Uraod didn’t say anything else, because he didn’t need to. His gaze spoke a thousand words. 
The gaze reminded Ged a lot of the gaze that Droak once possessed, it wasn’t a glare of deceit, just one of caution and careful selection. Often it was easier for men to heed your advice with choice words and not constant hammering or grand speeches, a tactic that Uraod, much like Droak, perfected. 


Ged looked away from Uraod and looked to Eraloi, a companion he could trust, a capable warrior who was one of the first to join his cause. He knew she wouldn’t try any tactic with him, she would be as direct as an arrow to the throat. 
“We outnumber them two to one, an advantage that rots like a flower in autumn when fighting in city streets, but in the open field, those flowers are easy to pluck.” 
Instantly Ged agreed, the conflict inside weakening. He convinced himself further that the city guard would be aware of the approaching Red Army and as Eraloi pointed out it would be a whole lot easier to defeat them in the open field. Surprise was still an ally and he would use it. Eraloi’s words were practical, the very thing the Sack Swords had been built around. They had little desire to avenge the attacked refugees, this course of action simply made sense. In another more fruitful time they may very well have protected the refugees. But this wasn’t that time, that weren’t heartless just not heroes. 
Ged nodded his head slowly, sharing glances with Uraod, Eraloi and a handful of others, before motioning his head in a certain way. He watched as like a ripple in a wave the hand motion was repeated again and again through the ranks. In silence he had been able to inform all ten thousand troops about his course of action. There was no doubt in his mind, the training had greatly paid off. As he slowly rose from his stomach and crouched, each Sack Sword followed him. They were an united army, one that was about to rain down death. 
Every Sack Sword echoed his bellow as they ran down the mountain slope, they were no longer silent, because they no longer needed to be. They might not be crawling any more but they maintained the skill of ants, none slipped or missed a step. They moved fast enough that by the time any Red Army soldier had turned their heads the Sack Swords had already smashed into the flank of the opposing army. Match Head Ged struck the club hard enough into the chest of the closest monster that its whole body spun in the air, landing so hard its neck snapped.    

***
	
	The Red Lady felt the attack rather than saw it.  One of her bestial mongrels let out a telepathic shriek as its neck snapped into lifelessness.  The minor psychic prick was soon followed by a dozen other stabs and in a few moments it was as if a whole side of her head was on fire.
	The horse reared, and the Red Lady howled, drawing her sword in a seamless gesture and screaming both vocally and mentally to her host.
	“Betrayal!  The attack comes from the mountains!”
	Her urging caused a surge and her men responded as the Red Lady sent her consciousness out to see what foe had set upon them.
	She took possession of a man three rows back from the initial assault.  Upon settling in, she recognized that he was a relatively new recruit since there was still a semi-stable landing surface present in his mind.
	She looked up with a bearded face into the clashing chaos of hand to hand combat.
	The attackers appeared to be human, but they were not the timid and feeble farmers that she had been eliminating with such casual ease in recent times.  No, even from a distance she could tell that these were seasoned warriors. 
	As she watched, one of her more feral beasts stepped forward and growled.  This creature was past the point of bothering with a forged weapon as his claws had grown in substantially enough to be more effective in attack.
	A human warrior stood before the creature and did not flinch at his growl.  The Red Lady took note of this reaction as it wasn’t typical of those who faced her forces on the open field.
	The feral creature took two sweeps with super-human speed, but somehow its opponent managed to evade the attacks.  The Red Lady longed to witness this fight from her charge’s eyes, but could sense that the creature was too far gone to host her.  Instead she watched as the black haired creature stalked, straining forward with teeth and claw.  It snapped its jaws together with an audible crunch that the Red Lady heard above the din of the ringing sword against armor.
	But the beast’s opponent was undeterred.  He stood with an almost passive assurance and waited for the beast to lose its patience.
	The beast did.  
	It dove forward in a reckless assault, faster than even its own well-muscled legs could control.
	The man saw the opportunity he had been waiting for and dropped to his knee, lifting his club up at the last moment to allow the beast to die upon its end.
	“He used the creatures’s own mass against it,” the Red Lady remarked.  “He has fought monsters before.”
	The Red Lady released her host and returned to her own body back where she was afforded a better view of the developing battle.  She scanned the battle line and was concerned to see more red armored carcasses littering the ground than those of her opponents.
	She made a quick glance at Ebulon but was encouraged by the fact that the wall’s meager defense didn’t appear willing to press the advantage.
	Still, as she looked back at the force that was eating into her horde, she felt a spike of concern.
	Her army was being cut down.  She reached out to her daughters and encouraged them to join the fray.  The urging was met by a sharp pitched howl like gale force wind through a cave.
	But even as she gave the command, she could see it wouldn’t be enough.
	The loss of the men she could stand.  They were easily replaced.
	But her daughters...
	The Red Lady snarled and grasped her sword hilt until her knuckles turned white.
Chapter 27 
The world looked different through his eyes, though not by much. Aneeku could see strange blurring black shapes, like coins forged from shadow around each enemy before him. The powder that Oos had given him was no trick. It really did allow him to seek out the greatest fighters on this part of the battlefield. Of course to him it was like choosing the least putrid apples in a basket of very rotten fruit. 
He had already killed a good two hundred of them during this battle alone. All, save for about a dozen, possessed no military training, their lack of form or skill was painfully obvious, something this powder wasn’t needed for to see. Of the remaining dozen he had already butchered, none had shown much promise. They seemed to die almost as quickly and as easily as all the other refugees. Their blood painted most of his torso red. Once upon a time it would have felt like bathing in milk. But the blood was like mud to him now, it didn’t cleanse him at all, but rather the opposite. 
He had been eager to be on a battlefield again, it had been too long since he had killed someone or something. It had been a downright pleasure slaughtering so many Ebulon soldiers on the first attack on one of their mines. None had been able to put up much of fight then and he reveled in their helplessness. But now their lack of fighting skill was starting to become a problem for Aneeku. 
He had no love or loyalty for the Ulnath, or any of those who had answered their call for help. He would gladly kill any of them, especially the Red Lady and the fool who wore the rounded helmet. The lack of a good opponent, a real kill, had even made him consider switching sides and joining this Yadi. But the idea of serving a human was sickening to him, akin to bathing in piss. Yet, he still enjoyed this battle, even though it was a letdown. He was used to fighting battles consisting of millions of warriors, and this clash of only tens of thousands felt little more than a skirmish. 
Though he would have stayed in this world over the realm he had come from, he still missed his homeland, Noonsva, a place where real battles were fought. If this Shadow Stone the Ulnath were so desperate to claim was really powerful he could use it to get to Noonsva. He doubted he would have much problem forcing Morzu to give him what he wanted, but he would have to wait until the stone was found. In the meantime, he killed time by killing many more refugees, allowing himself to get lost in the frenzy of blood and butchery. 
He cut off the head of a refugee with enough speed and strength that it flew through the air like a catapult’s boulder, breaking the nose of an Ebulon soldier on the other side of the field. Aneeku chuckled at this, and the laughter was like medicine to his disappointment. He had almost forgotten the kind of fun that one could have with beings as fragile as humans, even if they smelled terrible. 
His eyes began darting across the field, moving like insects that had been caught a flame and were flying madly in circles trying to extinguish themselves. It was an eerie sight to behold. Aneeku had met few who weren’t unnerved by the way his eyes moved. 
They came to a stop as suddenly as they had begun, resting upon a certain individual amongst the fighting. On the refugee side of the battle the individual stood out, for amongst the thousands he was the only one who wore a black uniform. Aneeku could see the dark green of his eyes, widened by adrenaline, and that look made Aneeku almost drool.  
His own large yellow eyes never wavered from him even as the masked one literally cut a path towards him. His sword was a blur, cutting through flesh and the occasional piece of armor, like a mace destroying a toothpick. 
It didn’t take long for Kae to notice Aneeku. He freed his sword from the neck of an enemy grunt, and waited. Even through the red steel of Aneeku’s mask, Kae could tell he was smiling, as the morbid expression had bent and shifted the mask enough to reveal it clearly. 
Kae didn’t blink, it was as if the ability had been taken from him. In Aneeku’s path, the refugees’ blood exploded into the air, like horrific fireworks. It wasn’t long before there were no more refugees in Aneeku’s path, their bodies lay behind him in pieces like confetti. 
Kae hated the way Aneeku walked without caution in his step as if he thought the entire world was nothing more than a pillow for him to trample upon. 
“Aneeku!” Kae spat. His words held an edge sharper than that of a sword. But such a weapon didn’t seem to cut the masked one, he was clearly still smiling under the metal.  Though it did make him stop. 
“Ah,” Aneeku began, his voice sounding more like a growl. “There you are. I had almost forgotten about you…then again,” Aneeku paused only to flick the blood off of his blade. The controlled motion was as morbid as it was impressive. “It is pretty easy to forget about a single sheep. I doubt even that shepherd of yours knows that you have switched sides.” 
Kae’s eyes narrowed and the familiar curling of his lip revealed his anger and disgust. Kae hadn’t forgotten Aneeku’s mockery and threats. “Come closer, dog man. You might just learn a new thing regarding sheep.” 
Aneeku glanced at his blade admiring his reflection within it. “Dog man?” Aneeku said before growling in laughter, “Your words are as weak as your loyalty. I have wanted to kill you ever since I saw you, and what do you know?” His eyes rose like a pair of bows ready to volley. “Here is my chance!” 
“The feeling is mutual!” Kae spat, his tone ripe with anger as he took a step forward, his knuckles turning white from the strength of his grasp. His separated self already stood beside the creature, studying it closely, waiting for the inkling of the first strike in the way his muscles moved.
Aneeku shook his head and even this slight action was condescending. 
“I have already seen you take a step forward once, you did nothing more than that, please tell me this time is going to be different…” 
Aneeku was just as smug as Rhaldan, but after Kae was finished at least Aneeku would have nothing to smile about. 
Kae’s legs hammered into the ground like sticks upon a drum as he came for Aneeku, his sword raised and ready. Aneeku slowly lowered his blade just as Kae reached him. Kae attacks were of anger but not frenzied, they were talented strikes that would cut down many a skilled man. Though witnessing what unfolded seemed to contradict that. 
Aneeku didn’t move from the spot, he barely moved at all. Yet Kae didn’t cut him, it was like Aneeku could see his attacks with the speed of lightning and Kae was moving with the quickness of a snail. 
Kae suddenly became aware of this when something flashed before him. He could feel the wind it created strike him like a flash of ice and he stumbled back, his nerves twisting as if on fire. All he could do was stare at those haunting yellow eyes as his mind replayed the image over and over again. 
It had happened so quickly, he was sure his mind was conjuring illusions. How could anybody move a sword that fast? 
Kae fell back and assumed Form 14, defense, waiting for Aneeku to make his next move. Kae’s separated self stood right beside the creature and even it had no forewarning as to what movement Aneeku would make next. 
Aneeku’s mask was still twisted into the smiling grimace.
Backing down wasn’t an option for Kae though.  All this situation needed was a different approach. But what?
Aneeku had his own curiosity about Kae. The coins of shadow that circled him were darker than most Aneeku had seen, meaning this Kae was a superior warrior to any body he had fought in this world, but that wasn’t saying much. 
Aneeku was very glad when Kae steadied his shaking hand and grasped his sword in both palms. 
The masked creature just stood there and made no move. Kae decided to try for another attack. Such speed had to have tired the creature in some way.
Kae switched to Form 3 and attacked, running towards Aneeku jumping to aim a downward slash at his exposed neck. A move almost impossible to deflect. Aneeku didn’t try to. He merely sidestepped, with speed akin to flying. One moment he was right beneath Kae’s sword, the next he stood a pace to the left, leaving Kae to regain his balance in a crouched Form 5. 
Aneeku showed no admiration for Kae’s sword wielding ability, as impressive as it was. 
Kae felt like screaming at Aneeku, he couldn’t stand such arrogance. In place of a scream came a grunt, followed by a gasp as Aneeku suddenly struck his own sword upon Kae’s. Kae just managed to deflect the blow, but his arms felt like they had been pulled halfway out their sockets. He looked down at his own blade, its tip was buried an inch into the ground. Aneeku was well framed, their wasn’t an inch of fat anywhere on him, but that still couldn’t explain the strength of his blow. 
Kae began to wonder if this creature could even be bested by human strength. 
“You’re supposed to be a Protector? Let me ask what is it you protect, carrots from being eaten by rats?” Aneeku growled. 
The taunt destroyed any fear Kae might have felt, and spit left his mouth like a bolt from a crossbow. Aneeku didn’t flinch as the bubbling water fell down his mask. “Oh why not?” Aneeku said, “If your steel didn’t hurt me, perhaps your salvia will…but I doubt it…” 
Kae had heard enough of his taunts. He raised his sword again, feigning a right-handed blow, but changed hands mid-strike.  It didn’t work. As easily as a respected king raises his hand to bring silence to a chatty court Aneeku, stopped Kae’s blade with his sword. Aneeku had put no power in his blow, he had simply placed his sword in the path of Kae’s, stopping it instantly. Kae stepped back, his eyes consumed with hatred. 
Aneeku was making him look like a fool, belittling all the hard years of training, all the sacrifices. Yet anger was not his friend in this. Fight in ire and lose, Kae’s trainer had always taught them, always shown them. Perhaps that was Kae’s mistake now. He had let his hatred of the creature consume him. 
He tossed his sword on the ground, and reached back for his two staffs. They slithered free of their bindings with the sound of a soft summer breeze, carrying the promise of a terrible storm to follow. Kae had always preferred to fight with the staffs. As always, the wood seemed to melt into the very flesh of his palms, becoming a part of him.
There was a brief look of confusion in Aneeku’s eyes as Kae put his sword away, but the look dissipated into the familiar glare of arrogance when Kae reached for the staffs on his back. 
“What’s this?” Aneeku said mockingly, “steel didn’t work and neither did salvia, so I am going to put my trust in wood, that should do it…my you really are as stupid as you are smelly aren’t you?” When Kae only replied with a curled up lip Aneeku said, “very well…” he struck his sword into the ground, it hadn’t seemed like much of a motion yet the blade was driven half into the hard earth. “I’ll forfeit my steel as well for the time being…give you a bit of a chance…” 
Kae merely gripped the staffs tighter, and held them crossed before him in Form 1 defense, ready to attack. He looked forward to adding Aneeku to the list of men who fell beneath his staffs. 
With a steel determination free of anger, Kae rushed for Aneeku, who stood with his arms lowered, showing no interest in reclaiming his own weapon. No sound escaped his lips as he aimed his staffs sideways, ready to meet in the center and crunch Aneeku’s thick neck between them. 
A hard thud sounded as the staffs collided with Aneeku’s neck, yet the creature didn’t even gasp. It was impossible. A blow like that never yet failed to render the recipient unconscious. Yet Aneeku’s flesh hadn’t even bruised, the staff blow had done absolutely nothing to harm him. 
Kae looked into his eyes, trying to find some suggestion of pain. There was none. Then Aneeku’s hands reached out like a blur, each grasping the ends of Kae’s staffs. Slowly he pulled, and the staffs slipped from Kae’s grasp no matter how hard he held on. It was surreal, like a nightmare, but no nightmare was this terrifying. 
A moment passed and two loud cracks came from the staffs. With no apparent effort Aneeku had crushed them in his palm. As the dust from his ruined staffs fell towards the earth, Kae looked back into Aneeku’s eyes. The masked one raised his hand and flicked his fingers into Kae’s chest. 
Kae didn’t just fall, he was propelled backwards, striking the ground like a boulder dropped from a mountain. He had never been hit that hard in his life and as he struggled just to breathe, his hands clambered at his chest, feeling for any blood or penetration. 
Aneeku listened in silence to the grunts and groans of pain that came from Kae. In all honesty Kae had shown skill that rivaled the talent of an Helluvan, but just like them he was far too human, far too fragile to give Aneeku a decent fight. It had been fun to toy with the boy for a little while, but that time had come to an end.   
Kae watched as Aneeku reclaimed his weapon, taking it from the ground as easily as he had once put it there. Kae forced himself onto his knees, he would not just lie there as Aneeku finished him off. He looked into the masked ones eyes, refusing to blink, to show any weakness. 
“You are not the first to look at me in such a way,” Aneeku said slowly, his words somehow less arrogant than they had been. “But if all it took was anger and hatred to kill me I would have died centuries ago.” 
Kae wanted to say all sorts of things to Aneeku, but he stayed silent like there were so many words wanting to escape his lips that they had jammed themselves in his throat.  Aneeku took a single step and then stopped, Kae couldn’t shake the feeling that Aneeku was mocking the step Kae had once taken as a sign of defiance towards him. 
“You know…” Aneeku began, the arrogance returning fully to his voice. “Your stupidity shouldn’t have been a surprise to me. A sheep is worthless without its shepherd.” 
The yellow of his eyes seemed darker to Kae, his voice more menacing, even the way he stood felt offensive. “You should have known that a sheep who strays is always the first to be slaughtered…oh well…little you can do about it now. I would tell you that it will be over quickly, but not even you are stupid enough to believe that….” As he raised his sword he finished his words. “Are you?”  
All around them the battle raged. Screams mingled with thuds, grunts, curses and yells for help.  Kae had brought the refugees into this fight, he could not abandon them now. If not for himself, for them, he had to defeat this vicious beast.
Yet how? All his training, his skill with the staffs and sword were not enough to beat this monster. Even with his senses heightened by his separated self standing by his side, Kae had not been able to get a single good hit against his enemy.
But there was a thing he had not tried yet. A thing he wanted to avoid at all cost, as it would show just how different he was, just how much more powerful he was compared to those who fought by his side. Yet if he did not draw on his power, use his separated self in the way he alone could, all would be lost. 
Kae summoned all the Life Force he could hold in his chest, until its searing, red heat threatened to burn him from the inside. He fed it all to his separated self as he had done once before, during the original battle of Ebulon. 
His separated self, almost useless in his fight against Aneeku so far, absorbed the added energy, turned as red as the hottest flames. It was pulsing now, giving off heat like a raging furnace. Those flames had once killed thousands of orcs. Concentrated now on one creature they could not fail to make sure Kae won this fight.
He flicked his eyes up to gaze at the creature before he attacked. But instead of a defiant gaze and the beginnings of a deathblow, his enemy was backing away, his weapon hanging loosely by his side. Kae had no idea what scared him so, nor did he truly care. All his awareness, every last ounce of him was tied up in his burning separated self now. 
Aneeku saw the shadow coins around Kae turn red, a burning crimson that shone brighter than even the sun itself. 
“No,” Aneeku growled, his tone as bestial. 
Aneeku had only seen a red like this once, long ago but he remembered it all too well. 
“It cannot be,” Aneeku gasped more to himself than to Kae, whose separated self burned ever brighter now. “There’s only one of him.” 
Aneeku watched on in complete bewilderment, this shouldn’t have been happening. The being whose power he recognized in the red was from another world, not this one! 
In his yellow eyes the red cast shadows, darkening Kae’s face, replacing the green of his eyes with the burning red like those of a being he never wanted to see again. Aneeku’s crazed mind filled in the rest of the details too. Kae’s hair changed to a sharp white, his clothes remained black but changed to a different uniform. 
“This is impossible!” he growled, but his mind would not be quelled. It made him face his reality. 
Suddenly, the ghost of Cada Varl, the one warrior who had not only defeated Aneeku but had humiliated him vanished from his mind.  But the red energy shimmering remained. 
Kill the boy! His mind screamed from within. Aneeku rushed forward, his sword raised with inhuman speed, he would cut this boy in half before the second was over.     
Kae had fed all the burning red energy he could hold into his separated self. As Aneeku charged, Kae willed his separated self to assume the shape of a ball and urged it forward towards the creature. To enter it and burn, explode, end the fight. 
Before the second was over Aneeku met the oncoming sphere of red striking through it with speed great enough to create a rush of wind around his blade. But it was useless, he might as well have been trying to slice a specter. 
The red energy engulfed him, seared away his armor, and melted his skin. Raging heat consumed him, yet it wasn’t exactly the same as Cada Varl’s power. But it was close enough and it was having the same effect. 
What followed wasn’t a mystery to Aneeku, this chilling cold was the consumption of death, his death.  It wasn’t that the world was slowing down, it just seemed so in his mind. Like cracks caused by an earthquake blackness slithered into his vision, but this was a much older darkness than the power Oos had given him. 
He would have snickered if he had the strength left to do it, not because it was funny but because its irony was too great to overlook. He had made the same mistake he had made against the Helluvans, he should have killed them as soon as possible. If he had, he would have left the area before Cada Varl could have shown up to butcher him. Just like then he should have just killed Kae as soon as he saw him. The boy would have died so easily, should have died so easily. Aneeku didn’t want to go back to where his kind dwelled after they died, he had ruined his chance and should have learned from the past. 
Old dogs can’t learn new tricks, it was something he had heard the Ebulon guards speak about just before he and the Red Army soldiers, that cat and his minions and that moronic teenager boy had attacked and killed them all in a mine raid. It was a saying never spoken in his own world, a saying that once would have made no sense to him. Now he couldn’t think of better way to describe himself. 
Then again that is who he was, a being abandoned by his brethren, all those who once called him a freak because he had lost the ability to transform and needed to wear this mask, were in the ground by his hand. They had all tried to kill him and he made their deaths as pathetic as possible, his taunts and toying with his enemies were responsible for that. Having lost the ability to transform at will he had refused to allow who he truly was to ever change and he never had, even if it meant he could have kept living in this world. Better to die as whom you are than to live as a stranger. It was a fitting final thought. 
Kae’s separated self had done as he bid it and surged forward, pierced the creature’s chest and exploded. Aneeku’s growl was cut off as he tumbled to the ground, slightly scorched, but dead all the same.
Kae panted as he struggled to make his separated self return to its normal shape. The world spun around him, sounds of the battle still raging all around keeping rhythm to the pulsing, burning red of his Life Force. 
Slowly, and with great effort he finally managed to quell the burning. The creature Aneeku lay lifeless by his feet, the mask still covering his face. But the sickening grimace of his smile had finally left his masked face.
Chapter 28 
Like a spear into the side of a red skinned beast, one force had attacked the other, infecting the red with an assortment of dirty colours. Upon the attack a series of screeches had flown into the air, truly making the entire battalion appear like one monstrous beast. Like a vase being shattered the unified screech had broken into smaller sounds, each just as hideous and bloody. It was a spectacle of slaughter in every sense of the word and its audience consisted solely of three, each watching from on top of the first Ebulon entry point.   
Captain Juruz, accompanied by Regent Jenner and his valued lieutenant, a woman called Luvis watched the bloody battle unfold before Ebulon. He didn’t need to guess who the two sides were, the army led by the red cloaked woman was apart of the Red Army. Captain Juruz had heard the stories about them, but it didn’t take a man of his experience to know this wasn’t the entire enemy army, it was too few in number, even exaggerated by fear this batch wouldn’t be believed to be anymore than a few thousand. The spear that had attacked them was the Sack Swords, far better armed than any report had described. He didn’t have to search his mind far to guess why. The Sack Swords must have discovered the bodies of the dead orcs in the mountains, the ones slain by Cada Varl. Juruz wouldn’t lie to himself, with so many enemy numbers so close to the city he wished that Cada Varl had answered the call. That red eyed man could have single handily dealt with both of these armies. Juruz rarely wished for anything, wishes weren’t reliable, but his courage and valor were. 
He had brought up the potential idea of the refugees finding the dead orcs in the mountains, but Ebulon could never spare the manpower. Not to mention the truth that Juruz didn’t want to see that place again, the power of Cada Varl was surreal. He found himself looking beyond the battle before Ebulon and into the distance, the direction of Sorn Field. He had little idea of what monstrosities his fellow soldiers were facing there. 
His gaze returned to the battle before Ebulon and within the melee he could see Ged, fighting with the skill and maddening savagery Juruz remembered. He didn’t need to know why the Sack Swords had attacked the Red Lady, his best guess was vengeance for the refugee lives they had taken. But he had to have a plan for action, strategy would be his greatest asset in keeping the city safe. 
Carefully he moved away from the wall, walking towards a stockpile of bows and countless arrows. He had never liked the bow, he was use to leading from the front line and a bow did little good against a swinging axe or sword. But they could kill at a distant and that is something he needed. Most of the bows had been taken from the bodies of dead orcs and were designed to be pulled with the bull like strength most orcs were capable of. He knew he was capable of using such bows effectively as was lieutenant Luvis, Regent Jenner was clearly a different story. Picking one of the few non-orc bows he passed it to Regent Jenner who did not say a word. 
The Regent had expected Juruz to be angry with him, to ridicule him at every pass. But the Captain had done no such thing. Juruz was many things, but a petty man he was not. He was a warrior, an experienced captain and knew such smallness was useless in battle. More and more Jenner was starting to feel completely out of place as Juruz corrected his handling of the weapon. 
“Have you ever fired a bow before?” Juruz asked, no condescension could be found in his tone. 
“A few times when I was very young,” Regent Jenner expected Juruz to scowl him but he didn’t, surprisingly he nodded at the information. 
“Well at the least that is something. If any of them whether Sack Sword or Red Army begin to attack the gate, I want you to aim at their chest.” 
Regent Jenner glanced down nervously at the battle unfolding, there was an ugliness to it, a barbarity he hadn’t experienced since the Battle of Ebulon. He was also horribly aware that there were only three of them and at least 10,000 potential enemies below. 
“Forgive me, captain I do not mean to speak out of place…” Juruz patiently waited for him to finish. “Since most of them are wearing armor wouldn’t it be better if I aimed for their heads?” A valid point, few wore helmets in the battle below. 
“It would be better to hit them in the head, but because of your inexperience if you aimed for their heads your arrows would harmlessly sail over their scalps. If you aim for their chests, there is half a chance that your arrow will strike them in the neck or face.” 
To this Jenner merely nodded, unable to stop his hands from shaking. He took great notice that Juruz wasn’t trembling, his eyes remaining hard lined. Even with only one experienced soldier and a man who wasn’t built for battle by his side, the Captain didn’t flinch at the possibility of this horde turning their hatred towards the city. It stirred many things in the regent, questions that wanted answers.
“Why didn’t you accompany the king and the others to Sorn field Captain Juruz? Captain Torrin would have been adequate to look over the city.” Regent Jenner, wasn’t surprised that his inner diplomat was coming to the surface. Even now as a chorus of bloodied screams and metal clashes ascended the winds like powdered poison. The point Juruz had made sometime ago that he was more suited to words than action was becoming more apparent. 
“In times such as these that would be good enough for you?” Juruz asked, not once looking away from the battle. “That the defense of this city be satisfactory not a priority? Besides Captain Torrin will serve much better on an open field than he would watching over Ebulon.” 
“He would serve better than you?” Regent Jenner asked. To this Captain Juruz didn’t respond as he watched men and monsters hack through each other like wild brutes. “Alongside Commander Alatearame you are the finest officer this city has, your hands and sword are just as skilled as your mind, you are needed at Sorn Field, not in a nearly empty city.” 
“This city is my home and it needs to be defended.” 
Jenner stepped forward, his conviction giving him newfound strength. “Dam it captain what is the point of defending a city if there is no one to live in it? Didn’t you learn that from the Battle of Ebulon?” Captain Juruz kept his eyes upon the field, Jenner was amazed that he could perform the two tasks of careful observation while fending off his accusations. 
“What is the point of surviving without a home? A place to keep the evils of the world at bay? A place where there is enough food and warmth? Without this city our people would’ve shared the fate of so many refugees, how pointless to survive a battle if death comes for you anyway, through freezing or hunger or both? These questions give you an answer as to why this city needs protecting.” 
“But why by your hand?” Regent Jenner asked, noticing that the lieutenant had her full attention on the battle, making sure no one broke away and attacked the city gate. “Why was it so important that you stay behind?” 
“Because…” Juruz began, his voice softer than usual. The slight change in tone struck Jenner like a hammer to the chest. “City walls are full of stone, not doubt…” 	Regent Jenner noticed his words were enough to make the lieutenant break her gaze if only briefly. “I am surprised that you never noticed it, or maybe you did but kept it to yourself. You are a man that has to rely on the strength of words and the tactfulness of tone, but it is not the language of the tongue, but rather the language of the body that tells the truth. I have seen doubt in the eyes of King Yadi ever since the battle of Ebulon was over. No matter what words he used, I could always see it, whenever any of the captains spoke of military action, there it was…” He paused, remembering the last thing Yadi had said to him, I haven’t lost faith in you, keep our city safe until I return. 
It was the first time in three months that he hadn’t seen doubt, that emotion that felt like a rain of acid upon his soul. But that didn’t automatically erase the prior months, something Juruz knew well. “I have never seen such doubt in his eyes before, not when we were surrounded by dwarves at Eckle, not when we were outnumbered 20 to one by goblins at the battle of Foad. It is hard to believe in a king that doesn’t believe in you.”
Regent Jenner stayed silent, even his sharp mind could find no words of retort for such reasoning. The lieutenant clearly agreed with the captain, although she said nothing. In that moment Jenner cursed himself for not picking up on it earlier, he considered himself one of Yadi’s best advisors and now he felt like a failure. Captain Juruz showed no sign that he was shaken by his revelation. His eyes remained focused on the engagement before Ebulon. 
During the conversation, he had been doing more than answering questions or keeping an eye on the enemy. A decision was being constructed in his mind. He knew neither the Sack Swords nor the Red Army were allies of Ebulon but the two opposing sides were coincidentally keeping Ebulon safe by fighting each other. Juruz didn’t have enough troops to fight either army off, he needed to ensure that the two sides were fighting neck and neck. It was difficult to tell who had the advantage, for although the Sack Sword ambush had given them early favor the Red Army was beginning to stabilize. Instead of what lay before him he thought about all the reports. It stuck out in his mind how this Red Army somehow gathered recruits from their enemies. He didn’t know what dark magic they used, but he didn’t want to give them a chance to take control of the Sack Swords and swell their own ranks. Lieutenant Ulka had made mention that the one he had captured mentioned the Red Lady over and over again. It was likely she was the source of this sorcery. 
Juruz took an arrow from the stockpile that leaned against the city wall. He was quite confident that he could kill the Red Lady as soon he could get a clear shot. When that moment came, his muscles tensed in preparation. The bow was half risen when a sound away from the battle blew into the air. The echo of the war horn caused all three of them to look towards the inner city, wide eyed with alarm. 
“Regent Jenner stay here have your war horn at the ready, I want you to blow it before you even think about using the bow, if the enemy attacks the gate,” said Juruz. 
“I understand,” Jenner replied, his voice distanced by concern. 
“Lieutenant Luvis, you’re with me.” 
“Yes Captain,” she replied as they both placed the bows back into the pile before descending the closest walk way. Both soldiers knew what the sound meant, enemy troops had entered the city. Taking no time for discussion both of them mounted horses and began rushing through the city streets. 
With only a thousand troops under his command Juruz had given each soldier a war horn to blow in the first sign of enemy attack. Out of necessity the thousand troops had been scattered all through out the city so there wasn’t a single place that wasn’t observed. Any horse that had not been eaten had been positioned all through the city to ensure that the 1000 troops were as mobile as possible. The winter hadn’t just been hard on mankind it had been hard on the animals, these horses were half-starved, weakened by never having a full stomach. Juruz could feel how much the horse was struggling just to carry him, let alone gallop at full speed. He heard the war horn again, glad that it hadn’t been joined by a chorus of such sounds, meaning this attack was occurring in one place. He glanced around as he rode, there simply hadn’t been enough time or resources to repair every wall, meaning there were plenty of places an enemy force could easily break through without the need of siege weapons. He didn’t know what enemy would be waiting for him when he arrived at the scene. For all he knew this Red Army had gone after more than just humans, they may have taken every orc tribe under their control and he could be riding right into a massacre. The concern wasn’t lost on him though he didn’t slow his horse down. 
Having placed many catchers of orc weapons throughout the city he had a plethora of steel and twisted metal to choose from. He grasped a long spear from one of the catchers and as he got closer to the sound of the war horn he grabbed another spear, riding with expert maneuvering even though he didn’t have a free hand. He heard the war horn begin to be blown again before it suddenly fell to silence, whoever had been using it had been struck down. Glancing to Lieutenant Luvis he saw that she had unsheathed her blade, grasping it out to the side. Faintly during his ride he had heard the footfall of other horses, clearly more guards had heard the war horn and were rushing to help. It wasn’t long before he could hear the clashing of steel and the chants of battle from up ahead.
Rounding a corner the conflict came into view as Ulnath were plunging into the city from a relatively small break in the wall, they looked like vomit from a disfigured mouth. About ten Ebulon soldiers were already in the fray fighting in a frenzy against the vastly superior enemy number. Several guards from the surrounding walkway were peppering arrows into the driving enemy force. One such woman archer’s arrows were almost perfect in ratio, one arrow one kill. It was the kind of skill any archer desired and any enemy easily noticed. An Ulnath launched his spear, impaling its dark metal through her neck and sending her blood pouring corpse to the ground below. As a reward for his accuracy this Ulnath would be the first Juruz killed. 
Knowing the horse was too important to risk in the skirmish, Juruz leapt from the stallion, a spear raised in each hand. The elevation he achieved easily surpassed what a man of his size should have been capable of. Descending like an iron bird of death he plunged his spears into two Ulnath. One spear pierced the throat of one while the second spear impaled through the skull of another. Neither attack was particularly clean, but both Ulnath were dead. Juruz pulled both weapons free, creating sickening sounds of metal leaving damaged flesh. He pushed his way into the skirmish, showing no fear of the superior enemy number. Lieutenant Luvis soon joined him, separating the lower jaw of an Ulnath from the rest of his vile body. The Ulnath may have been the most elegant of the orcs, but they were still orcs and they died screeching like the pigs they were. 
Juruz showed his immense combative skill spinning and swinging his spears like they were weightless. If he was not stabbing or striking, he was blocking and countering enemy attacks, he wasn’t letting up, no quarter was given and no quarter was sought. He could taste Ulnath blood in his mouth as like a saw he gruesomely sliced opened the throats of several enemies. He spat the blood out into the eyes of one of his many attackers, stopping them for the spilt second he needed to end their lives. 
The corner of the city that the fight took place in was blocked off on three sides, meaning there was little room to maneuver. This was more of a meat grinder than a battle as both Ulnath and Ebulon guard fell in the flurry of swords, spears, axes and other such weapons. 
Juruz fought on using the spears like the horns of a bull, he thrust them forward and then back, repeating the cycle until a dozen enemies had been slain in a few moments. With one spear he blocked a strike meant for Luvis and slew another Ulnath at the same time. In spite of his skill and speed it wasn’t enough, there were simply too many Ulnath and too few Ebulon soldiers. Out of sheer necessity of survival the few soldiers had to pull back, moving as a group, keeping the Ulnath blades at bay. This was bad, it was allowing the enemy more room which meant more could emerge from the break in the wall. Juruz wasn’t sure how many Ulnath were still alive in this world, but it felt like every one of them was coming through the wall. He ignored an Ulnath sword that almost buried itself into his scalp as he slew its wielder and fought on. 
Other Ebulon warriors soon had reached the skirmish, following Juruz’s example, they left their horses behind as they charged in to aid their fellow soldiers. Out of the original dozen soldiers only three were left still breathing, Juruz, Luvis and an axe wielding woman. So the arrival of new soldiers hadn’t come a moment too late. Even with the reinforcements the Ebulon warriors had to give ground time and time again, the Ulnath weren’t mindless brutes they too were skilled fighters and it was beginning to show. 
Amongst the screams, blood and clashes of steel Juruz could hear the whisper of arrows as more archers reached the walkway above. They were defending their city, their home and this point only strengthened and increased their skill as almost each shot found its mark. Juruz felt no differently, he would keep fighting until his head had been removed from his body and even then he hoped it would be thrust hard enough that the severed limb would collide and crack the skull of an enemy. 
Now forced to fight in a more open area the Ulnath numbers were working in their favor and the Ebulon troops were beginning to be surrounded on three sides. This only spurred them on as they fought with a brutality that matched the orcs they were facing. Juruz buried one of his spears so deep into an Ulnath body that he couldn’t retrieve it and was forced to abandon the weapon. He made the most of having only one spear, spinning it like a sword he brought down four Ulnath in the same moment. He swung around blocking an enemy strike before taking that enemy’s life. He attempted to kill another when a powerful brunt filled his spear. An Ulnath had taken its axe to the spears tip, breaking it off like glass against a boulder. 
Before Juruz could counter act the axe came down once more this time breaking the shaft in half. Juruz didn’t panic, his many years on many battlefields keeping him alive. Before the Ulnath could swing the axe again he grabbed onto its shaft with both hands, preventing the Ulnath from killing him. Man and monster struggled for control of the weapon as they pushed upon it with their combined impressive strength. Juruz was the first to act beyond this test of strength, smashing his head into the face of his enemy. The steel of his helmet worked well with his strength, as foul blood exploded into the air followed by the sound of breaking bones. Juruz didn’t allow the Ulnath’s suffering to continue, he used the momentum of the injury to push the spike of the axe into his foe’s neck. Juruz didn’t bother to admire the blood that bubbled from its mouth for he now had a new weapon to wield. 
He wasted no time, swinging it hard enough and skilled enough to take an enemy’s head off of its shoulders. He struck his next enemy hard enough that the axe cut through its armor, ending its life in a grinding of bone, blood and steel. He could feel the momentum of the skirmish shifting once again, more Ebulon soldiers had arrived and they didn’t hesitate to enter the fight. 
The conflict still was far from being one sided, the Ulnath were not so easily defeated. But the reinforcements gave Juruz a brief opportunity to witness a small group of Ulnath moving away from the battle, seemingly led by a young man.
Chapter 29
	Atacir finally arrived, his army of dragons flying behind him. From what he could see it looked as if the battle was in favor of the refugees and Ebulon troops. “We will soon change that.” Atacir said to himself. Then to the dragons he commanded, “Attack the refugees, Ebulon troops, and anyone that gets in the way.” All but one small group of ten dragons spread out and scattered carrying out Atacir’s orders. The other ten dragons, under different orders previously given by Atacir, stayed by him awaiting their command.
	“We got more trouble coming,” Wonder Wolf said looking up as the sky began to get dark, filling with dragons.
	“Dragons!” Asantra exclaimed. “What now?” The protector sorceress was currently in her white wolf form. The only thing distinguishing her from a regular white wolf was her black ear tips. 
	“With this many dragons, Atacir must be around somewhere nearby with Golden Flame so he can control them,” Black Cat said scanning the sky for her enemy. “I see him,” she finally said, “But we will have to fight through the dragons protecting him.”
	“If that’s what we have to do then let’s do it!” Asantra said.
	“No,” Black Cat answered firmly. “We still need forces on the ground. I have no doubts this is the only calm moment we will be facing in this world for a while.”
	“If you can call this calm,” Trixie said observing the battles that were going on all around them. Currently the shape shifter was in the form of a leopard. 
	“Exactly,” Black Cat said. “We will most likely be facing attackers again at any moment so only those of us who can fly and can’t be burnt should attack the dragons in the sky. The rest of you should focus on the dragons on the ground.” 
	“I could fly and fireproof myself using magic.” Asantra said.
	Black Cat looked at her, “Sorry Asantra but you are the best one to stay on the ground to protect the rest of the team.”
	“And what about me, I might not be able to fly but I am fireproof and have impenetrable skin. Besides Wonder Horse and I always fight together,” Wonder Wolf said.
	“That’s true, but once again we need capable forces on the ground. While Asantra will be our best defense on the ground you are the team’s best offense right now.” Black Cat explained. 
	Both Asantra and Wonder Wolf had to agree with Black Cat’s strategy. They knew she was right and they would be most useful where they were. 
	“Okay,” Black Cat said. “Chihuahua, Wonder Horse and Star Power follow me.” She flew up towards the dragons protecting Atacir.
	“Why me?” Star Power asked. He wasn’t exactly fireproof though he was more resistant to fire than most of the other heroes still on the ground and he couldn’t fly only levitate objects with himself on them. Currently Star Power was riding on a wet rock hoping the dragons wouldn’t be able to burn it.
	“You have been proven to be great defense in the air.” Black Cat said. “I think your powers will be very helpful to us now.” 
	“Dragons are very thick skinned but at least they can be scratched,” Black Cat said in relief as she swiped a dragon on its muzzle causing it to back up a little. The heroes hadn’t gotten very far before Atacir sent the first dragon their way.
	Appearing as if they might actually be able to defeat the dragon, Atacir commanded the other nine dragons to surround the heroes. Seeing they were outnumbered, Black Cat flew up hoping to get on the outside of the group. When this didn’t work she flew back to the rest of the team who were all attempting to fight off the dragons. “Star Power, use your shield ability to surround us.” Black Cat called. 
	Star Power created a shield, which was really just a powerful force field, around the heroes. The surrounding dragons couldn’t touch them inside the shield though Black Cat knew Star Power couldn’t hold it forever. “Star Power, can you turn the shield into an energy blast?” Black Cat asked.
	“I think so,” Star Power replied.
	“Okay,” Black Cat said quickly forming a plan. “First make it look as if the shield is weakening so the dragons begin attacking us again then unleash it as an energy blast.” 
	Atacir saw the shield flicker. Believing it was weakening he commanded the surrounding dragons to attack. As soon as they did they were all knocked back as a powerful burst hit them. Before they could regain their balance the heroes began attacking the dragons. 
	“They’re good,” Atacir thought. “But I’m better.” The alien general called upon double the number of dragons to return to him, then decided to double that to be sure the heroes couldn’t defeat them all. When the heroes tried the same strategy again only the first row of surrounding dragons got blasted back. The rest swooped in closer to the heroes and it was clear to everyone that the dragons were winning. 
Chapter 30 
Screams and the stench of blood filled more than just the battlefield, the medical tents suffered such sounds as well. The conflict was one of the most gruesome battles ever to take place in this world. Edo Volis was use to a certain kind of death, he had faced many soldiers in battle, but he had always left before he could witness what he was witnessing now. He wasn’t use to seeing wounded on mass, people who had been infected but not outright killed by the poison that was hand to hand combat. He didn’t exactly feel queasy, however he was overwhelmed by the sight of rows upon rows of screaming and bloody victims, many had wounds so ghastly he was actually disturbed that they were still alive, they looked more like corpses screaming a sickening song than living beings. 
“Edo!” He heard a voice demand, recognizing its owner. He moved to one of the many tables where an Ebulon soldier had blood gushing from her abdomen, screaming that terrible song. “Hold her down!” The doctor who loomed over her demanded of Edo Volis. “Harder than that boy, firm hands on her shoulders ain’t going to be more painful than a belly wound.” The doctor demanded. Edo Volis pressed down, his grasp not increasing her scream. He had been introduced or rather told that this doctor’s name was Ceros, one of the best surgeons Ebulon had. Ceros may have been one of the most stoic people Edo Volis had ever met, but his skill and dedication couldn’t be denied. Edo Volis had seen him perform two dozen amputations as easily as most people cut a loaf of bread. He didn’t have to double-guess himself at all, none had died during the risky operations. 
With a flat fortress of blood in his path, Ceros quickly found the cause of the wound, pulling out a broken piece of a blade. The patient screamed louder yet Ceros didn’t flinch. He flicked the broken piece into an open barrel, adding to the grizzly collection of shrapnel that dwelled within. Ceros went to work, removing the other pieces, all without breaking motion before he began wiping the blood away. 
“That ought to do for now Eco,” Ceros said, not having bothered to remember Edo Volis’ name. Edo Volis glanced down to the woman whose skin was now very pale, she was breathing, but they were weak and slow paced. Edo Volis took a step back, as his ears became filled with that terrible screaming song once more. 
“Out of the way!” a voice demanded and Edo Volis barely had time to do so before two men carrying another injured soldier rushed past him. He recognized one of the voices as Luzon, a medic that was just as skilled and hard working as Ceros. Actually that could be said for every medic and doctor working in these tents. As hard as the Ulnath army were trying to take Ebulon lives, these doctors and medics were trying to save them. 
When these tents had been set up Edo Volis’ skills as a tanner and skinner had come in handy, preparing pieces of cloths for bandages. But he was no longer needed or useful within these tents. A dragon’s roar prompted his gaze skyward, that is where he was needed. He had overheard the term Heroes United for the small group of strange beings fighting against the dragons. Though they were fighting with both skill and bravery they were clearly outnumbered. He could help even the odds. But he hadn’t found what he was looking for. He knew it was morbid, but it was also necessary. However the doctors and medics of the tents were simply too skilled to give him what he needed. Still he couldn’t wait any longer, he had to join the battle. 
Like the eyes of a hawk, he scanned the battlefield; there were many corpses of all varieties scattered across it. Not having Rrhulzinn to rely on, he would have to choose wisely. Out of the thousands of dead on the field his gaze was drawn to a scorched corpse with a red mask. His mind gave him the name of Aneeku, he remembered Kae mentioning such a person. Further more the refugees had spoken about him, always in frightened whispers. They spoke tales of his cruelty and his inhuman ability to wield his sword and move his muscles. He wasn’t sure who had slain Aneeku, but he guessed Kae had been the culprit, none of the refugees would’ve been up to the task. Edo Volis made his decision and rushed to the ear of Luzon. 
Knowing not to mix words he said, “Luzon in a few moments it will appear like I have passed out, but I just want to ensure you that everything is fine, I won’t need any medical attention.” Luzon, who was struggling to put a piece of leather into a screaming mouth didn’t even look to him. 
“I am dealing with a nasty axe wound and once I am done I will be dealing with other ghastly injuries, I don’t care if you are going to pass out from the sight of so much blood and bone…” He gritted his teeth as he continued to fight with the injured patient. “There is no place for pride here Edo Volis,” he added, remembering his name. “If you’re going to pass out do it somewhere where you will not be in the way of anybody.” The bluntness of his tone further strengthened the need for Edo Volis to be useful once again, he only hoped he had made the right choice. 
He did his best to move through the tents, ensuring that he didn’t block anyone’s way. Fortunately he soon found a patch of grass, just outside the tents, a place where no footfall had recently occurred. It was perfect for what he had to do. Focusing in upon the body of Aneeku was a little difficult, considering all the movement from the corners of his vision. But eventually he lined up his sight as best he could, he placed his hands out before him as if preparing to be handed something. He took a long peaceful breath in as he closed his eyes. He was about to enter the battlefield. 
The sound easily was drowned out by the melee’s song of steel, screaming and blood. Yet it was an odd sound, otherworldly in almost every opinion. It was a chant, one that carried no joy and brought no happiness to the air. “Soi-oi, Soi-oi.” Like the whispers of a grave, the chants danced over the body of Aneeku, causing the scorched dead flesh to wriggle like frightened worms. The chants were slowly joined by small slithers of mist, the eeriest of green coloured them. They appeared like poisonous vapor escaping a room that was never meant to be reopened. Aneeku’s eyes, once large and yellow, had been blackened and burnt in the violent moment of his death. Now that eerie green was filling them, like water poured into once dry wells. The chant continued as the vapor increased its flow, moving like several serpents over the dead body. The eyes began to move once more, ghostly motions from beyond the grave. 
As the body of Edo Volis fell like a stone the body of Aneeku began to rise like a foul morning mist caught in the wind. The body looked like it was waking from some ancient dream. Edo Volis always had troubled describing what possessions felt like, the closest he had come to it was falling into a sudden sleep and waking up in someone else’s body. Even this description didn’t do how it felt right, but it was the best he had. 
Something was unique about this possession, it felt foul, it felt wrong. Edo Volis had possessed numerous dead bodies but none felt like this. There was something inhuman about the corpse he now controlled, but he couldn’t place what. Admiring the sword he now wielded only increased the mystery, it was an incredible weapon, one whose forging was beyond the capability of any smith he knew. He opened and closed its hand, the action appeared normal, yet felt anything but. He didn’t know what this Aneeku was, but he definitely wasn’t human, at least not completely anyway. 
His concentration was shattered by a specific oncoming scream, he glanced up in time to see a refugee charging towards him. The reflexes of this body were astonishing, he blocked the oncoming spear as easily as catching a slow moving ball. He could see hate filled anger in the eyes of the refugee, it was powerful enough to make him realize his situation. 
“I’m not Aneeku!” Edo Volis claimed. The dark gravely words sounded like a ghostly whisper and a blood-curdling scream, all at the same time. Not the kind of sound that would invoke calm in most people. It then came to him, Edo Volis knew the name of this refugee. “Cuia, it is Edo Volis.” He had met a lot of these refugees when he had accompanied Kae to the valley. He remembered how disheveled they all had looked, like they too had spent months in the mountains trying to survive against the harshness of winter. He had heard many names and was surprised he remembered this young man’s name, hoping now the refugee remembered him. With clear hesitation Cuia searched the ghastly green of the corpse’s eyes for what felt like a good year. 
“Is that really you Edo Volis?” he asked. “You have the power to possess the dead?” Edo Volis had seen such a look before, the few people who knew about his power back in his own world had looked at him the same way upon hearing the revelation. 
“Yes I do,” he replied in that dark ghoulish voice, knowing there was no better way of saying it. 
“How?” Cuia asked, caught between belief and utter astonishment. Edo Volis had heard this question many times in his life, but he still didn’t have an answer. All he knew was he had had this power his entire life, how remained the ultimate riddle. “At the least you are on our side,” Cuia said, after seeing the horrors the Red Army was capable of, the idea of possessing the dead didn’t feel all that bizarre. 
“Better to possess the body of an enemy than an ally,” Edo Volis explained. 
“I agree,” Cuia said, his voice distant. “But I think it would be best if you took off that mask, you won’t have much of an opportunity to explain yourself in the heat of battle.” 
“Good point,” Edo Volis agreed. As he removed the mask his own hand temporarily blocked his vision. His sight was only blocked for a moment but when it returned he saw this world completely differently. 
A dark figure appeared as if a ghost summoned from another world. The figure floated, descending like slow rain behind Cuia. It raised a blue bladed sword slicing it through the air, in one disturbing motion the blade sliced through Cuia’s body, violently removing his upper torso. The decapitated torso spun in the air, blood flowing from it like a sickening spiral. As what remained of Cuia’s body fell to the ground the figure gently touched its foot onto the earth. The moment felt slow and sickening before the figure rushed forward kicking its right foot hard into the chest of Edo Volis. The power of the blow was shown by how violently Edo was tossed to the ground, his limbs flaying wildly as the body spun over itself. Edo Volis shook his head, attempting to gather his senses once more as he looked upon the figure. Its hair was blue like the Ulnath but that was the only similarity. At first he thought this man must have been Yadi’s son. But something told him otherwise, he recognized the clothes, the pair of crimson cloaks, the red gloves, the purple attire. His eyes felt heavy with fear as he looked upon the handsome face of his adversary. For a flash of a moment, the face changed, it became darkened, the features twisting, the eyes forged as rectangles filled with a disturbing orange light. The flash was over and the features returned to what they once were, but Edo Volis knew who this figure was. 
Like a thousand demonic arrows, the revelation savagely cut and tore at his very soul.
 “Voak?” The word was not easily said, his voice becoming entangled by a plethora of dark possibilities. Edo Volis pushed himself to his feet, his body burdened greatly by this idea. 
“Not the greeting I was expecting…” Voak began, a slithering smile on his face. “But then, you weren’t expecting to ever be greeted by me again…were you Edo Volis?” There was no mistaking it now, only one being owned a voice like that. Edo Volis began shaking his head, his mind and sight at war with what was standing before him. “This…cannot…be,” Edo Volis struggled to say. The battle hadn’t stopped around them, if anything it had only intensified. But not even if the dragons came down and devoured every soul on that field it wouldn’t be enough to make Edo Volis look away from Voak. Voak’s smile widened as his head titled. Edo Volis remembered the motion, another arrow to impale his soul. “You’re dead, you are dead…you…are dead….” His words were hollow and distant, like the last dying echoes of a scream in an endless cave system.
“I was dead…” Voak corrected, “But not anymore…never again….” Edo Volis continued shaking his head, his mind demanding this vision to be a lie, that somehow Edo Volis had simply fallen asleep and entered a nightmare. But Voak remained before him because this was no dream. 
“An interesting choice you made Edo…Aneeku was such a pompous fool, the very embodiment of arrogance, I would’ve killed him myself if that Kae boy hadn’t done it…” Voak loved every moment of this, the fear that filled Edo, how he remembered it, seeing it again felt like slipping into a warm bath. “I am surprised that Aneeku possessed such a face, even scorched he was quite handsome, but far too innocent looking…” Upon removing the mask Edo Volis had felt strange sensations coming from this body, some remnant of a power Aneeku must have possessed when he was alive. It was a strong sensation but his mind almost completely blocked it out, the idea that Voak was alive once more consumed him like a plague. As he had described to Torrin, Voak was his dragon, the iniquitous thing that had filled him with a terror he had never before known. The ghost that had haunted his every step, the nightmare that had infected every dream. Even just the memory of Voak was like a foul poison to his senses and now that Voak was no longer just a memory he felt overwhelmed by a putrid fear. 
“Don’t waste all your fear just yet…” Voak began, his voice as vile as a snake’s hiss. “I have such frightening things to show you…” Every word was like the bite of a snake, reeking havoc on every part of him. He couldn’t go through it again, he had already suffered so much because of Voak. 
Something from deep inside of him rallied his senses gathering control and making a single point clear, the only way to destroy this fear was to destroy Voak. He opened his mouth and like the dragons above he unleashed destruction. It wasn’t flames that attacked from his mouth it was an eerie green mist, moving with the velocity of a striking eagle. Before the mist could reach him Voak vanished from sight. As the mist began to dissipate, Edo Volis felt a shadow fall over him, a shadow that brought an entirely new legion of fear. With less than an inch between Edo’s ear and his lips Voak whispered with dead calm. “You’re a fool if you think this is going to end the way our last battle did.” 
Edo Volis trembled at the words, they crawled over him like hungry spiders. Acting with haste he turned around, driving the fine sword of Aneeku down like a smith’s hammer. Before the sword could cut his flesh Voak disappeared again. He felt Voak’s presence before he ever saw him, in the form of a heavy foot to his back. Edo Volis smacked against the ground, his mouth filled with corpse blood and dirt. Another hard boot to the side forced him to tumble violently upon the ground. He let out a gravely grunt, shaken greatly by the force of the blows. As he struggled to his feet he heard the haunting words of his enemy. 
“The Ulnath have shown me many things Edo, many new possibilities…death maybe escapable after all…” 
As he slowly walked towards his prey he stopped briefly to put his sword into the face of an attacking refugee. He didn’t bother to watch the refugee’s body fall, no one would interrupt his line of thought. He had ensured that he had killed many of these refugees in order to show the Ulnath that he was aiding their cause.  The battle showed no favorites thus far, but if the power of the Shadow Stone was as great as they had claimed, this battle would be theirs. Voak still had little trust for the Ulnath, which is why he was glad that he overheard Rhaldan. If the high priest had the power to control Morzu than it would only aid his cause more. Of course if Rhaldan was foolish enough not to keep his word, Voak could always just kill him and claim he did it for Morzu. No matter what angle he looked at the future from, everything was coming up in his favor and now with Edo Volis on his knees the future seemed even brighter. 
“This is like old times ain’t it?” Voak asked, taking slow deliberate steps. “I remember everything I told you on that night, this time two main things will be different. The first is you will be defeated…” The smile that had grown on his face now vanished, replaced by a much darker expression. “The second is when this is all over and I have what I want I will go to Denarchia and see it burnt to the ground in a symphony of screams and death…” The smile grew back like a foul infection as the memories came rushing back like raging waters to drown Edo Volis. 
He sprang forth, rising from his knees to his feet in the process. Their swords came together in a single mighty clash. His movements were fast enough to create a swift wind that followed his attack. Despite the impressiveness of his attack Voak remained smiling. 
“You will never see Denarchia again!” Edo Volis warned, each blade pushing against the other like two metal bulls. “I killed you once, the second time will be easier!” Edo Volis yelled. The furor of his words only widened Voak’s grin as he replied. 
“That’s it Edo, struggle with every ounce, breathe hard and fight well…the more weary you become the easier it will be to drag your broken body towards my destiny…” Edo Volis shook with rage as the metal bulls continued pushing on one another. 
It was unclear who was the first to pull away but long before the moment was over the two swords clashed again and again and again, until the blades were moving too fast for any normal eye to witness. Seemingly it was a blur of silver and blue as the weapons crashed upon one another like two sets of lightning, attacks from two separate yet raging storms. Neither Voak nor Edo Volis stepped back, there was too much at stake for either one of them to back off. 
The momentum of the duel couldn’t be maintained in a single spot and so both men began to ascend in the air. Neither one flinched at the prospect, both possessed the powers of flight. They both simply focused on striking the other. It was both amazing and unsettling how fast they were attacking each other. In comparison the battle now below them appeared like it was moving with the speed of thousands of fat snails. It wasn’t just their attacks, but their counter attacks and dodges. It almost looked like a dance so well practiced even the gods would be envious of them. Even now neither took a step back, prompting both warriors to continue their ascent into the sky without breaking motion of attack. 
It took the oncoming might of a dragon to finally break both of them out of their dance, its gaping mouth glaring with countless killer teeth. The dragon was large enough to swallow both men whole and would’ve enjoyed a meal of burnt flesh and renewed skin if Voak and Edo had kept fighting. Instead they both leapt back, now realizing they had ascended into the middle of the sky battle between the dragons and the Heroes United. With flames, the gnashing of teeth, powerful strikes and a number of attacks neither had ever seen before playing out around them they both ascended slightly. Voak hadn’t taken his gaze off of Edo and Edo hadn’t looked away from Voak. Thousands of men, monsters and beasts were fighting below them, but none of that mattered at the moment to either one of them. The entire time Voak had kept his smile while Edo had kept his rage. 
Edo was the first to move a spilt second before his enemy did. Both of them ascended higher, removing themselves from the paths of any dragons as they clashed once more in a blur of fighting fury.  The fight almost ended then and there as Edo’s blade barely missed the throat of Voak. This brush with death did little to rattle Voak who countered with a near fatal strike of his own. Their swords clash briefly before both men leapt back, sizing each other up. This time Voak was the first into action swinging his sword in a great arc as wide as it was skilled. Edo Volis leapt back before hammering his own blade down, preventing the oncoming Voak from striking. Edo Volis stayed on the attack, his strikes incredible in both skill and speed. Voak blocked the first dozen before dodging the final three, he then went on the offensive, dancing around the blade of his enemy before thrusting his blade for Edo’s heart. The attacked was blocked, but clearly Edo Volis was rattled by how close it had come to his scorched flesh. 
As the swords met once again Edo Volis pushed his body weight behind his weapon hoping to lock up both blades. The tactic failed as Voak easily freed his blade before striking it down in another great arc. Edo Volis attacked viscously, hammering his blade down before slashing it across. Both attacks were blocked but Edo Volis didn’t let up, he went on a path of sword swings forcing Voak to float back as he blocked the attacks. Voak put an end to this momentum with a well-placed attack of his own. Edo Volis managed to block it, but again was rattled by how close the attack was to be being successful. 
Slamming his sword down upon Voak’s he continued through, pushing his enemy away with great strength. Voak didn’t protest the momentum, he used it to his advantage, granting him plenty of distance from Edo’s blade. Voak continued the momentum, coming at Edo like a giant well-aimed arrow. Edo Volis was clearly rattled by the force of the impact as the two weapons came together once more. Now it was Voak who kept pressure on his blade, temporarily keeping both weapons in place. 
“Tell me,” Voak asked, his tone showing no strain. “How is that friend of yours? The one with the red tipped arrows?” Edo tried to push Voak away but he didn’t budge. “I’ve always wondered what was the point of him carrying all those weapons? I never saw him use them?” Edo didn’t answer, his anger rising. “Oh well, I guess I will ask him when I return to Denarchia, he will answer me in screams.” The threat against his friend was enough to summon the strength within and Edo Volis forced Voak back. 
Edo watched him for a spilt second, the vile smile remaining on his face. He sprang forth like a bolt from a crossbow bringing his sword forth. Voak blocked the attack, but even he couldn’t deny the power of the blow. In place of being concerned he merely laughed and the astounding duel continued. 
Another fury of strikes followed and in the ascension of the sky, with the other battles below them the noises of the two metals clashing was an eerie sound. They came hard and fast like screaming echoes in a bottomless pit. They began to circle one other, as if two predators trying to make the other prey. Voak broke the routine and went back on the attack, his stabs and swipes disturbing in their skill. Equally as bewildering was how Edo Volis was able to block each of them before returning many strikes of his own. They went back and forth, rarely giving distance. When that occurred both combatants tried to take advantage of it, but neither could, neither would willingly give a single inch. 
They came together once more somehow both of them found even more speed and precision, increasing the impressiveness of this duel. 
This series of clashes came to an end when Edo got his sword away from Voak’s blade and hammered it down. It was an incredible attack, one that astonishingly Voak dodged. He twisted his body to the side prompting the sword to cut through nothing but air. A small gust of wind could be felt coming from the blade, showing just how fast the blow was. The momentum of it all was so powerful that effortlessly both of them changed positions. They still faced each other, the entire world could be on fire and neither would look away. In that moment of changing position Edo Volis saw Voak increase his smile. Edo was fighting for his very life while Voak was simply enjoying this, like it was all just sparring. Infuriated Edo Volis sprang for him, banging his sword upon the enemy blade. Voak blocked each of these attacks though he felt the power of them. They continued on, the intensity of the duel increasing with each encounter. Voak would occasionally strike back but it was clear who the aggressor was. 
Through the conflict little by little Voak was ascending, attempting to gain some distance between the two of them. Edo Volis wouldn’t allow it, not breaking his attacks, as soon as one was blocked he would attack again without a second of rest. Edo Volis was only stopped by the wrath of the sun, Voak had subtly ascended to ensure that it was now at his back. Even the possessed eyes of Aneeku were no match for the power of the golden rays and for the first time in the battle Edo Volis flinched. He refused to allow his eyes to shut as difficult as it was they remained opened. This allowed him to witness a flash of blue, different from the colour of Voak’s blade. 
It was mainly memory that kept Edo Volis alive, he had seen this kind of blue before. As Voak summoned the small sparking spheres on his fingertips, launching them like darts, Edo Volis raised his sword. He turned the blade ever so slightly ensuring the metal made first contact with the spheres. In spite of their small size, they were deceivingly powerful and Edo Volis didn’t want any part of them. As the spheres broke apart and began moving like bolts of lightning up the sword he quickly slashed the blade through the air, prompting the sparks to electrify the air around him, but left his flesh alone. As Voak descended towards him still with the sun at his back Edo Volis was prepared. 
Bringing his free hand before his mouth he brought forth the green mist, cupping it in his hand like a steaming sphere. Before Voak could reach him he struck with his sword first stopping Voak’s attack. He followed through bringing the sphere down in his hand. Voak dodged the newly created weapon as if it was deadlier than the sword. He willingly moved back avoiding the oncoming attacks of sword and sphere. He watched Edo carefully, he knew the power of the mist and didn’t want to corrupt his recently cleansed body with its rot. He managed a skilled swipe that Edo Volis dodged, effectively putting him on the defensive once more. Voak didn’t waste his chance and attacked with renewed determination. Edo Volis dodged many of the attacks before blocking the sword with his own and thrusting the sphere forward. For a spilt second the flesh of Voak’s cheek seemed to be rotting before he rushed backwards. As he did so he summoned the blue spheres on his fingertips again, they had always been his favorites amongst his arsenal. In place of sending them in a fleet, they each fell into his palm, joining together in some bizarre corruption. The 5 spheres became one, whose light was great enough that it created blue tinged shadows to dance on his face. Edo Volis saw the attack coming and launched his own green sphere to meet the blue sphere of his enemy. Both projectiles were well aimed, meeting in the center in an explosion of great commotion. For a few moments the two attacks became one, expanding like an enormous sphere, before it exploded under the weight of its own power. Like the tides of a furious ocean the shock waves reverberated through the air while the aftermath of green and blue remained. 
Edo Volis and Voak didn’t wait for it to clear, showing no concern of the danger they charged into its center, both men needing to continue this fight at any cost. Following their movements was like staring into the sun, it could be done, but it was difficult, painful and could only be accomplished for a short time. They seemed to be moving in every direction the explosion’s aftermath had to offer. Like a huge green and blue storm cloud their clashes could be seen like ball lightning preparing to attack a weak earth. The fighting only became faster and more damaging. Soon that storm cloud of green and blue became more like a planet on the brink of utter explosion. 
When that explosion came it didn’t disappoint in destruction. The green mist and the blue sparks, in their now twisted and mutated forms, finally began leaving the air, revealing that the two men hadn’t stopped their fight, if anything they were dueling harder and faster than ever before. It was difficult to tell who was the first to pull away, it happened in such quick succession they almost looked like reflections of one another as they both leapt back. But the main difference was Edo remained determined while Voak increased his smile. 
Slowly he raised his free hand, bringing his thumb and middle finger together. With shock exploding from his eyes Edo Volis glanced down and saw a symbol on his arm, a symbol he remembered the way a stabbing victim remembers what a knife feels like in a wound. He had just looked back to his enemy as Voak clicked his fingers, the noise sounding like the bellow of a demon. Instantly after the click an explosion filled the air. A huge wave of blue burst forth from the image, redirecting all of its violence back upon the body of Edo Volis. The attack was brutal and Edo began to descend at a quickened rate. Voak watched him fall, clearly satisfied by the effectiveness of it. He brought his finger and thumb together once more, wanting to relive the glorious moment. Long before the moment was over Edo Volis spun himself around bringing the tip of his sword to the image. In the same swift motion he cut the image from his body like a sliver of meat from a well-cooked ham. Before the severed skin had begun to fall he sprang forth, rushing towards Voak. The quickness with which he acted was great enough that Voak was caught almost unawares. He barely rose his sword up in time to block Edo’s strike. Edo pushed on the blade, using the impetus to do it. Locking eyes with his enemy Edo Volis said, “You’re not going to be able to rely on those old tricks, they won’t work against me again!” It wasn’t arrogance that Edo Volis spoke with, it was sheer determination. It would be a lie to say that he wasn’t afraid, but he refused to allow it to consume him. Voak softened his grin, he hated to admit it, but Edo Volis wasn’t the awkward fool he had once faced. His skills had vastly increased, then again Voak wasn’t the same man Edo Volis had faced either. He had also changed. 
Voak vanished from sight before reappearing behind Edo Volis with a descending strike. Edo Volis blocked the blade but didn’t have time to counter attack for Voak had vanished again and quickly reappeared. Like a hornet trying to invade a beehive Voak seemed to be in many places at once, as soon as he appeared he disappeared and then reappeared all in shards of a moment. He attacked Edo Volis from every angle possible and a few that seemed impossible. Edo Volis blocked each of these, his eyes darting left to right up and down and every position in between. This tricky ghost would not catch him off guard. Voak next appeared from above driving his sword down like a spear. Edo Volis rose his sword and the two blades met yet again. Both weapons were showing the skill of their craftsmanship, for through everything the two of them were being put through, neither one showed any dints or scratches.  The swords smashed, swiped and smacked against each other dozens of times in only a few moments before Voak forced Edo Volis downward through his sword. 
Keeping his eye on Voak he watched as his enemy launched his blade, hurling it through the air like a spinning tomahawk. It was a fast attack but an easily seen one. Edo Volis moved his body to the right, ensuring the blade wouldn’t strike him. To further his safety he brought his sword out to the other side to meet the weapon, hoping to redirect it as much as possible. His plan never saw fruition for upon contact the blue blade exploded, causing destruction greater than the dragon flames below them. If the explosion of the image had been like a tremor this explosion was like an earthquake, rocking Edo Volis to his very core. 
He fell like a comet, burning blue flames all around him as he descended like a furious raindrop towards the ground below. He never saw the attack coming and was completely unprepared. Edo Volis struggled as much as a man drowning in order to keep a connection with Aneeku’s body. He could feel his control slipping away, mentally he clawed with everything that he had, he couldn’t sever the connection, he would be utterly defenseless against Voak in his own body. It couldn’t end like this, he couldn’t enable this destruction to take place. Voak had to be stopped, there was no telling what evil he would be capable of if he survived this battle. Edo could feel the explosion flames dissipate from his body allowing him just enough to strengthen the connection. 
When it seemed the connection was restored he felt something hard and uneven upon his back. As he bounced a single time, the body rolling across a huge frame, he realized he had landed on the back of a dragon. He attempted to stand up immediately but Aneeku’s body was too ravaged, the connection too frayed. He had no choice but to wait an agonizing moment for the connection to strengthen again. The dragon’s scales dug like claws into his free hand as he tried to steady himself on the dragon’s back. He heard its roar but it sounded distant to his ear, his mind consumed by his original enemy.
Something was very different, Voak was noticeably more powerful than the last time they fought. Whatever the Ulnath had done to return his appearance to the man he once was it had done more than that. His strikes were faster, his magic quicker to summon. It felt like a great sickness in his stomach, Edo Volis knew that he needed to think of something to finish this. He too couldn’t rely on the tactics that he used during their first battle. He doubted Rrhulzinn knew of this world and therefore wouldn’t be able to aid him. Glancing upwards he saw Voak slowly descending, paying no attention to the battle of the dragons and Heroes United around him. Voak’s vision was momentarily blocked a few times by fire or the dragons themselves, but he never changed the direction of his eyes. He could see that Edo Volis was greatly rattled by the attack, he knew that in the possessed state Edo Volis only felt pain under the most agonizing of attacks and it was clear he was in agony. Edo Volis was holding his side with one hand as if his ribs had been cracked, Voak wouldn’t be surprised if that was the case. Landing with the grace of a dancer upon the dragon’s back he raised his hand and slowly the sword appeared there once more. His smile had returned as well. 
“How did you like that?” Voak asked, “Trick? That is what you called it. Last time we fought I didn’t have a sword did I? So you have never seen that one before have you?” he asked, already knowing the answer. “What’s a matter Edo?” Voak asked and Edo listened. “No more brave taunts? No more declaration of things that I will never do?” Edo Volis wanted to get up and shut him up, but the connection still wasn’t strong enough. He had no choice but to let Voak prattle on for as long as possible. “It is suitable I suppose.” Voak beamed, his voice sounding more dark than usual. “Your struggle was entertaining, now it is time for the next step. My first thought was to cover you with symbols and click my fingers until they were bloody and raw in order to force you out of that body…but…” He raised the Ulnath sword admiring its craftsmanship. His eyes then descended back on Edo like two soaring eagles having found an injured mouse. “This sword has proven itself so useful…” Pointing it towards his intended victim he added, “let’s see if it is strong enough to beat your spirit out of that body shall we?” 
He now stepped forward, moving across the dragon back. He didn’t even break his stride as the impressive wind created by the flapping wings rushed over his body. Edo Volis saw him coming and couldn’t prolong this encounter any further. With only a meter between them Edo Volis rushed to his feet swinging his sword in a great arc before him. Voak blocked the strike and attacked back causing Edo Volis to stumble backwards as he blocked the counter attack. At first Voak was determined to end this as quickly as possible. However Edo Volis had held onto his side the entire time and with each encounter he was wincing. Voak could see that even just swinging the sword was causing Edo Volis to suffer and Voak enjoyed such suffering. 
The only thing he did was prevent Edo Volis’s blade from striking him, apart from that he didn’t counter attack. He stepped back occasionally in place of blocking, enjoying how pathetic Edo Volis appeared. Edo Volis had once stopped him from achieving immortality. Voak had never forgotten that, especially in the darkness of death. A foul cold place that he never wanted to return to. 
Voak had willingly given enough ground to his enemy that they were now standing on top of the long thick neck of the dragon, both men ignoring its roars and the battle that was raging around them. Voak blocked one of the better-aimed strikes and forced both blades out to the side. 
“You know Edo,” he began. “You are going to be letting a lot of people down, that king of yours, the one that every idiot in Denarchia worships, your friend with the red tipped arrows, the fool who summons the pink flames…” He pushed down on his blade slightly and could see Edo Volis wincing once again. The sight widened his smile once again as he said, “I am sure that if he could see what was happening even Aneeku would be disappointed by how ineffective you are with his body….” He motioned to speak further when Edo Volis suddenly removed his hand from his side, revealing a deep nasty wound. The perfect place to hide a sphere of mist. 
Now cupped in his hand he threw it at Voak’s face. Caught completely off guard, Voak lost his footing. With his sword still locked up with Edo’s he had no protection as Edo drove his foot hard into his chest. The blow was brutal, working perfectly with the sudden imbalance, Voak was thrown off of his feet, over the head of the dragon. Just as his body began to descend fire was being unleashed from the dragon’s opened mouth, like the stream of a raging river the fire exploded forth creating an inferno in the sky. 
Edo Volis who was glad his deception hadn’t been spotted kept his eyes upon the flames. As much as he wanted it to be true, he knew at the very last moment Voak had disappeared before the flames could engulf him. 
He was too focused on where Voak had fallen to notice that the dragon was shifting its body. It spun its massive frame forcing Edo Volis to lose his footing and descend from its back. 
Voak had reappeared at the edge of the sky battle, wanting to get as much distance from Edo Volis as possible. The attack had come too close to ending his life, he had gotten too lost in the moment. He needed to end this fight as soon as possible. He searched the sky above where the dragons and Heroes United were fighting but Edo Volis was not up there waiting for him. Clearly he was hiding, knowing that his attack had failed. In Voak’s mind this was evidence of who Edo truly was, a sniveling coward. When Voak couldn’t see him amongst the sky he wondered if Edo Volis had returned to the ground. Perhaps he had run off attempting to find a place to hide. But Voak would find him again, he would kill every man and woman in this entire world, search every cave, house and hut if he had to. Voak was sure he would’ve seen him if he had flown off meaning wherever he was hiding it was somewhere close. 
His eyes were soon drawn to the only nearby shelter, the medical tents of Ebulon. There was no other place he could be hiding, it would also explain why Edo hadn’t been seen in the battle earlier. His real body must have been there somewhere as well. It seemed Voak wouldn’t have to chase him after all. He glanced back to the sky battle one last time, ensuring that Edo wasn’t there. With the sounds of fire, steel and screams filling his ears his eyes were drawn to something just beyond one particular dragon. 
Even amongst the chaos he could make it out clearly, the eerie green mist Edo Volis used as a weapon. There was plenty of it, forging a large rough sphere. It was too thick to see through however Voak had seen this attack before. Edo Volis was preparing one last desperate onslaught. Voak smirked, knowing that it wouldn’t work. He didn’t wait for the dragon to clear a path, he disappeared from sight, savoring the oncoming moment when he would drive his sword through Aneeku’s head, sending Edo Volis back to his own body. The moment was then upon him and he reappeared with his sword already raised slashing it down behind the mist. 
The smirk vanished when his sword cut through nothing but air because EdoVolis wasn’t there. At first Voak thought that he must have been hiding within the mist himself, keeping shielded on all side. Voak knew how to break through such a shield, but before he could do anything about it, he realized his miscalculation. 
Turning as fast as lightning striking the ground Voak thrust his sword out, planning on stopping Edo’s sneak attack. For a shard of a second Voak had seen Edo rushing forth, his sword striking. Both blades did strike flesh, however there was a great difference in the importance of such flesh. Voak’s blade had been impaled through Aneeku’s forearm, Edo Volis using the scorched flesh to actually trap the blade within it. He had pushed Voak’s blade to the side, still in his arm. This left no obstacle for his own sword, which now was sticking out of Voak’s back, having been stabbed straight through his chest. Voak gasped violently, the suddenness of the attack overwhelming his senses. Then the blood began to flow and Voak remembered the deathly cold that now embraced him. Edo Volis kept his eyes upon the gaze of his enemy, which was becoming more distant with every passing moment. Edo Volis was in complete control as both slowly descended back towards the ground. There was something eerily peaceful about the motions, Edo Volis didn’t move his sword or his arm at all. There was a part of him that needed this moment to last longer, the moment when he had ended the life of Voak for a second time. He was far from an evil man, but Edo Volis had his own kind of darkness. A darkness that took a slight joy out of seeing the life flee from Voak’s eyes. 
As they touched back upon the ground the battle between men and monsters continued around them. He could still see fractions of life in Voak’s eyes, but knew almost all strength had been taken from his body. In perhaps the darkest tone Edo Volis had ever spoken with he stated. 
“Remain dead, remain buried, remain forgotten.”  He watched as Voak’s body twitched slightly, like an oversized bug that had just been stepped on. His lips came together, a strained and clearly forced action. His eyes moved with the speed of boulders as he looked at Edo Volis. The movements were morose and even though Edo had won, fear filled him. Voak didn’t seem to notice the blood that began flowing from his mouth as somehow he managed to smile. 
“Are you asking me or telling me?” he asked, his voice weak yet just as foul as it ever was. He moved his head forward, a great painful groan accompanying it. “Ah you are asking me. Because there is no reach in your mind deep enough to bury me in so I will never be forgotten…” He paused to gather what little strength he had left, but each word haunted Edo Volis to hear. “Especially now that we both know death isn’t final. I found a way back once Edo…you’re a fool if you think it wont happen again…” The power drained from Edo Volis’ eye and even a few seconds away from death Voak rejoiced. “We will be seeing each again Edo Volis…I hope it is soon.” 
Edo Volis couldn’t hear anymore of it with all of his strength he ripped the sword from Voak’s chest, creating an explosion of blood to fill the air. He heard the final breath of Voak and in his ear it sounded like laughter, echoing all throughout his mind. He watched the bloody remains of Voak for a very long moment, haunted by his last words, almost expecting for him to rise again. The powerful roar of the greatest of dragons above broke him out of his trance. Edo Volis may have been victorious in his duel, but there was a battle to be won. He glanced down at Voak’s body once more. The idea shook him greatly, but there was a chance that the two of them would meet again. But not today, Edo Volis thought before ascending back into the sky and attacking the closest dragon.
Chapter 31 
“What do you think of it?” Krovin asked following the gaze of Morzu as his eyes rose upon the tower. 
“It is ugly,” Morzu stated flatly. At this Krovin smiled, Morzu was well trained, his mind molded to impress the Ulnath. The truth of it was that the Ebulon Tower was grander, carrying more awe within its structure than any tower at Za-xayek. Morzu had a bias opinion, an opinion that had been forged within him from a very controlled upbringing. Krovin doubted that Morzu would remember this city, he hadn’t been within its walls since he was an infant. To him this tower meant nothing, but to Krovin and the half a dozen Ulnath that accompanied them it carried a great heaviness. Krovin had never forgotten when the tower was built as a sign to Ebulon strength. It reminded him of why his kind hated this city and its ruling bloodline. This tower never could have been built if the Ulnath hadn’t saved this city all those years ago. He had been apart of the massive Ulnath army, hundred’s of thousands strong who had lifted the city from the siege of the human confederation. He remembered those days as if they had happened a week ago, such destruction had taken place here all those years ago. It was the same kind of destruction he had seen all through Ebulon in the present day. The Orc Confederation had left their mark on this city. Like all Ulnath Krovin never had much affection for other orc tribes, he still didn’t, but their usefulness in weakening such a city hadn’t been lost on him. With Morzu now having mastered the abilities of the call and that call having been answered, vengeance was finally in the grasp of the Ulanth and that summoned a smile to his face. That smile increased as he thought just how close the Ulnath now were to destroying Ebulon once and for all.
 The otherworld beings were needed because the Ulnath were too few in number to attack the city alone. They had used the Red Army, Aneeku, Crimson Claw and his minions to attack the Ebulon mines to test the strength of the Ebulon soldiers. The Ulnath had gotten them to attack the refugee camps to ensure Ebulon knew that it wasn’t just refugees attacking refugees, it also worked well to swell the Red Army. Knowing the state that Ebulon was in after the Orc Confederation attack, it was easy to predict that Yadi would march out to meet the Red Army and the Ulnath, to show how powerful he was. Leaving the city poorly defended and easy to maneuver through. King Yadi was as predictable as his ancestor Ebuwin had been. He had waited far too long for this day, the thought became too strong to keep to himself. 
“After all these thousands of years of preparing and waiting for a chance, finally everything went to plan…” Krovin could feel his mouth watering, the eagerness in his eyes caught the attention of all his companions. Krovin rarely showed such emotion, so his expression was a powerful thing to behold. 
“Not everything…” Morzu spat in anger. Krovin looked him in the eye as Morzu explained. “Those fools in the orc armor, with strips of sacks tied around their arms almost spoiled everything. Because of them the Ebulon soldiers almost stopped us from entering the city, there should have been 300 of us standing before this tower not eight.” Morzu’s dedication to the cause was admirable, in some ways he seemed to have more passion for it than any of the Ulnath. 
Krovin kept his smile as he explained. “Do not worry Morzu, the power that we are about to achieve is far greater than anything the Red Army, Rhaldan, Voak, Atacir or any of the others can give us. Once the Shadow Stone is found you shall see proof of its power in the armor you are wearing. Now it is as weak as paper but shortly it shall become more durable than any metal this world has ever produced.” 
Morzu nodded at the prospect, the white armor felt weak to wear, he looked forward to changing that. “Let us begin,” Morzu said. 
Now Krovin felt as nervous as he ever had for the most important part of his long existence was about to play out. He had spent many, many years forging what he took from under his cloak. To the common eye it looked little more than a cylinder of dark blue metal, but to the informed it was so much more. This small cylinder had been forged to open the underground of the Tower. Krovin had been there when the Shadow Stone had been placed under it, thousands of spells and enchantments used to keep it hidden. He had to focus to prevent his hand from shaking, there was no guarantee it would work. If it failed, he would be held responsible, he had sacrificed countless time in the bathhouse of Za-xayek, forging the right spells and powers to create the cylinder, he hoped it wasn’t for nothing. 
Placing one end of the cylinder on the tower he began very slowly spinning it as if he was trying to drill a hole. The other Ulnath and Morzu watched on with held breaths as nothing was occurring. Krovin kept calm, continuing the simple yet intense motions. He felt his hand beginning to shake when nothing happened further, then his hand became very still. A light from within the cylinder began to shine, its luminosity both brilliant and powerful. With a mouth opened as wide as his eyes Krovin moved his hands away. The cylinder stayed upon the wall under its own power, beginning to spin as fast as lightning striking the ground. They all watched on in amazement as the cylinder began to melt into the wall itself, its bright blue growing like a shadow in the light of a moving sun. It stopped moving when it took the form of a circle, the size of a doorway. Within the circle the white of the wall began to fade as if the materials had become ghostly. With that the wall within the circle had gone thus creating an entrance. To anyone else it would’ve been a simple thing to behold, but to the 8 of them it looked like the gods themselves had created it. They each stood with opened mouths, eyes filled with overwhelming awe. It had worked, the Shadow Stone was within their grasp. 
“Morzu it is only right that you be the first to enter,” Krovin stated, his words breathless with excitement. Morzu who showed such excitement did as he was asked, carefully being followed by the other Ulnath. Krovin took one more moment to admire the entrance, this was the greatest achievement of his life. His legs felt heavy, filled with ado as he entered the tower. As soon as they all were inside the entrance closed over once again, the cylinder reappearing before it struck the ground. The echo of its fall felt great in the silence that each kept. 
As Krovin reclaimed the cylinder the others admired the inner dwelling. To the eye it wasn’t much to look at, a large circular room with dirt for a floor and a pile of rocks within its center. The rocks were dull and brown, the kind of stones that could be found in any quarry. However other senses revealed there was much more to this place. The air was fresher than the scent of any spring, it felt like they were breathing in the nectar of the very gods. There were also no shadows in the room, it was bright and beautiful, despite the truth there was no source of light. 
“Where is it?” Morzu asked anxiously, having expected an altar or a chest to be waiting him. 
“Within that pile,” Krovin explained, his words remaining breathless. 
“How will we know which is the right one?” Morzu asked, sounding more like a young naïve man than ever before. 
Krovin nodded as the smile returned to his face. “When we find it you will know Morzu…let’s begin.” 
The Ulnath circled around the pile of stones and worked in flawless motion with one another. Each rock was picked up and passed around like the hand of a clock to Morzu. Krovin who stood next to Morzu would decide if the rock were simply a rock before placing it to the side. The work, which should have been arduous and boring, didn’t appear so. The idea of finally having the power for their own was more than enough to keep them motivated, they were working through the pile of rocks with greater efficiently than a labor force ten times their size. The rocks continued to be passed around before being discarded as anxiousness increased. 
Then a thumping sound that was both loud and dull could be heard from outside the tower. The noise violently grasped their attentions, their heads moving in sharp unison to peer in the sound’s direction. Together they looked like a pack of hyena’s whose scavenged evening meal had been interrupted. 
“Never mind that,” Krovin stated. “It seems that some Ebulon soldiers saw us enter here, but even if they had a battering ram they will not get through, the outer walls of the tower are twice as thick as any mountain of this world.” 
He had barely said this when an explosion occurred, filling the room with thick dust and sending pieces of the wall through the air like they had been launched from tiny catapults. Many coughs filled the air as the dust, dirt and stone attacked all of their senses. Disorientated, they each tried to gather their bearings as sunlight slowly cut through the dust. Krovin was the first to see it and as the dust finally settled the others could see it as well. They stood in a very tense silence as they looked upon the wall, it had been smashed open far wider than what the cylinder had produced. 
With the light of the sun at his back a figure was standing there, one they immediately knew wasn’t an Ebulon soldier. No one from Ebulon carried such a presence within him or her. Upon an extraordinary frame the man was dressed in a black uniform. His hair white and sharp, what gathered their gazes the most was the man’s foot, it was raised slightly off of the ground. He had broken the thick outer walls like glass by doing nothing more than kicking it. As every eye the Ulnath had rose, they had to see what kind of eyes such a man possessed. They were red, the most powerful shade of crimson any of them had ever seen before. The Ulnath had seen great darkness in their lives, many unspeakable things, the kinds of things that would terrify the bravest of men, but none had ever seen physical strength like that before. As the man lowered his foot they continued staring, some even wondering if a god, so resentful of what they had doing, had come down to stop them. His gaze fell upon each of them like a judgment from the gods, perhaps he really had been sent by the divinity of this world.  
“Kill him!” Krovin barked in a growl. Like breaking a curse his words rallied the other Ulnath as they took their swords and axes in hands. The first to reach the man wielded an axe with skill, yet the man’s hand was exceptionally faster. Like he was swatting away a large ugly bug the man smacked the back of his hand into the Ulnath’s face. Upon impact blood exploded from the Ulanth’s nose, the blow powerful enough that it shattered his cheek bones and caused his face to sink into the skull. Ending the violent yet simple attack the Ulnath was hurled off of his feet striking the farthest wall, his broken and dead body then striking the ground like a stone. It was enough to make the others hesitate, they looked back and forth from the corpse towards the man, wondering how a single being could possess such strength. 
The moment didn’t last long as the next came for the man who seized the Ulnath by the throat and snapped his neck. The action was violent enough that the Ulnath’s head fell back from the shoulders like a rag doll sown from flesh. Using the corpse the man blocked the sword of the next attacker before ripping out their throat, using nothing more than a swipe of his fingers. The next two attacked together with well made swords. Their skills were evident, they moved their swords like the experienced warriors they were and yet the man barely even moved his body to avoid the blades, to him it seemed like child’s play. 
After a single moment of evasion he smacked one of the blades with his bare hand. His great strength too great for the Ulnath to withstand, causing its entire body to spin redirecting the blade through the other’s throat. The simple smack had caused one Ulnath to decapitate the other. The man didn’t make the surviving Ulnath pity the accident, he killed him with a blow that drove his head into his spine. 
The final Ulnath before Krovin rushed forward before the body of his companion had even fallen. He attempted to bring his axe down but the man’s movements were on another level entirely. Grasping the handle of the axe he drove it backwards where it cut straight through the Ulnath’s head. It was perfect symmetry, cutting the skull, mucus and brain in flawless halves before the body descended. The man now looked to Krovin, the last living Ulnath under the tower. 
Krovin wasn’t disturbed just by what the man had done but by the look in his eyes. He showed no emotion about it, as if these great feats of strength were no more to him than watching grass grow. Krovin stepped forth placing himself between the man and Morzu. He didn’t dare taunt this man, he didn’t want to see what he was like angry. Instead Krovin reached both hands under his cloak, bringing forth a pair of blades that seemed half metal and half magic. The man narrowed his eyes slightly, clearly he had seen a similar magic before. Krovin came to realize that this man must have been an otherworld hero called forth by Yadi. That didn’t matter to Krovin, he had waited too long for the Shadow Stone and not even this man would stop them. 
Krovin spun his blades, forging strange shadows to dance off the set of weapons. These blades were some of the most powerful weapons he had ever held, he was sure they would make quick work of the man. He took a careful step forward wanting to kill this man before he had a chance to draw his sword. Hoping the shadows would disorientate his foe he continued to spin the weapons taking another careful step. Even though the man didn’t flinch Krovin felt the time was ready and he rushed towards him, his swords spinning with purpose. 
He may have moved faster than he once had but the man still showed little effort in avoiding the many strikes. Krovin continued his attack and the man continued to avoid it. Amongst the fray the man suddenly raised his foot, bringing it into Krovin’s stomach. The force of the blow was undeniable and Krovin was thrown through the air with as much violence as speed. His body struck the farthest wall and the thick white stone cracked all around him. The wall didn’t collapse, rather it seemed to hold onto Krovin, trapping him within it. He looked like a bloody statue that had been molded to decorate the wall. His attack had utterly failed. 
Morzu had watched the whole thing and he had to drag his eyes like heavy boulders to look back upon the man. Morzu was astonished by what he was capable of, it was as surreal as it was frightening. 
“Who are you?” Morzu asked, half-mad, half-terrified. 
“I am Cada Varl,” the man answered. His voice was as awe inspiring as his strength and actions. Even Oos didn’t possess a voice quite like it. “Why do you walk in the company of monsters?” Cada Varl asked, his eyes like swords upon the gaze of Morzu. Morzu gasped as Cada Varl reached for the sword at his side, taking it from its sheave with unparalleled precision. Morzu had seen what Cada Varl had done with his hands he could only imagine what that sword was capable of. 
“You’re the only monster here,” Morzu replied. “The killer of my companions.” Cada Varl shook his head, even this slight notion was terrifying to look upon. 
“You have thrown away your humanity?” Cada Varl said in disgust. “Do you have any idea how precious of a thing that is!” There was anger in his tone, an anger that seemed to make the walls shake in fear. Morzu couldn’t bring himself to reply, he had no defense against this red eyed man. Morzu had never seen anyone move so fast before. It seemed not a spilt second had passed and Cada Varl was upon him, his sword raised in an attack. The blade got to about an inch from Morzu’s face when it suddenly stopped. Or to be more accurate it was stopped suddenly. 
Morzu stared at Cada Varl who now looked as bewildered as he did. Then a very dark light began to rise into vision as Morzu could feel a great power within his hands. He had forgotten completely about it, but when Cada Varl had smashed open the wall he had been holding a stone, a stone that was now shining with a black reverence. There was a faint hum in the air now, one that sounded like a whisper in the darkest tongue ever forged. Cada Varl couldn’t move, his sword felt frozen in the air. He had seen magic before, but this power was something else entirely. As both looked up from the stone and to each other the blackest smile Cada Varl had ever seen appeared on Morzu’s face. He was now holding the Shadow Stone, the most powerful artifact in this world. Cada Varl still couldn’t move the sword, nor could he step back as something dark and unseen fell across him like heavy rainfall. Morzu was no longer afraid, he felt the power surging through him like a million replenishes. As the dark light illuminated his face, Cada Varl could see the power within his eyes, a power like none other. 
“You say that I threw away my humanity?” Morzu asked, his voice echoing within itself like he was casting countless black spells. His voice was disturbingly calm, the kind of voice that could sing while the entire world burned around him. “I say that I never had it to begin with!” 
A pulse of power came from the stone resonating into Cada Varl. It launched him like a rock from a catapult into the air. His body impacted with a higher part of the tower and it shattered against his frame. His world was consumed by a cloud of dust and broken stone for an agonizing moment before the sun’s rays filled his vision. Helplessly he sailed through the air as if he had been tossed from the hand of a giant. His senses were all over the place, he couldn’t comprehend what was happening to him until he struck a wall. 
This time he didn’t go through it but the impact was great enough to cause the wall to crack in many places. Pain plagued his body as his frame slid down upon the ground. The agony of the impact jolted his senses and he could see, smell, touch and hear again. There was no denying the taste of blood in his mouth as he spat it out and looked back towards the tower. He had been thrown hundreds of feet away from it and in his vision the white tower looked ominous, the lair of a great evil preparing to be unleashed upon the world. 
The footfall of horse hooves soon filled his ears as two Ebulon riders were quickly approaching. Cada recognized one of them instantly, his thick blonde beard and marble like blue eyes weren’t easily forgotten. Rushing to his side Captain Juruz dismounted while Lieutenant Luvis stayed on her horse. Juruz remembered Cada Varl all too well, but he had no explanation for what he had just seen. 
“Are you alright?” Captain Juruz asked, disturbed that such a powerful being could be thrown so far. 
Cada Varl gritted his teeth, showing a rare emotion of pain as he nodded, “I will live.” 
“It is good to see you again Cada Varl,” Captain Juruz said, still fearing what could have possible thrown Cada Varl so far, considering he knew the power the red eyed man wielded. Captain Juruz was rarely unsure of himself, but Cada Varl was one of the very few things that accomplished that. 
“And you Captain Juruz,” Cada Varl said. “I apologize for not coming sooner, I heard King Yadi’s call but I was in another world, separate from my own.” 
“Saving it from destruction?” Juruz asked, his voice unusually somber. 
Cada Varl nodded, “Indeed.” That single word had a powerful effect on Juruz. His concerns about otherworld powers coming into his own had always been valid, this whole attack on the city and the battle of Sorn field were evidence of this. However he now remembered, truly remembered the selflessness of those who had come to aid the city during the battle of Ebulon. 
“What happened?” Juruz asked remembering the moment at hand. Cada Varl looked back to the tower, the sheer notion that he was startled frightened Juruz. 
“There were monsters…” Cada Varl began for he could still feel slight remnants of the stone’s power within him. “Green skinned things.” 
“Ulnath,” Juruz began. “The most ancient and powerful of the orcs.” 
Cada Varl nodded, the Ulnath had vaguely reminded him of Grock, the would be King Killer that he had slain during the battle of Ebulon. 
“There was a young man with them, he had a stone…” 
Juruz leaned back slightly upon hearing this, the words fell upon him like an avalanche. “The stone isn’t like anything I have ever seen or felt before…such power…” Cada Varl who almost never struggled for words was doing that right now. Juruz looked to Luvis who stared back with the same deathly hollow expression. The young man he saw really was Viadi. The Shadow Stone had always been considered a myth. The handful of times kings and queens of Ebulon believed otherwise they never found anything, some dedicated their entire rule to the search and died, broken and defeated. But looking back now towards the tower, Juruz was filled with a kind of fear he hadn’t felt since he was a child and older boys had tried to scare him with such tales. 
“The Shadow Stone is real…” Juruz whispered, struggling under the weight of the revelation. Juruz and Luvis both looked back to the tower, terrified by what was waiting inside of it.     
The soldier inside of Juruz took complete control, pushing away everything else. “The king must be informed of this, only his bloodline has the power to control the stone, meaning King Yadi is the only one able to stop him.” Strength returned to his voice, hiding all of his fear. “Lieutenant Luvis, return to the battle against the Ulnath, neither one of us will be any good against the Shadow Stone. I shall hurry to Sorn Field myself and get the king.” Luvis nodded, before sending her horse into a full on gallop.
“I will do what I can against the stone,” Cada Varl said standing up once more. 
“I am grateful,” Juruz said meaning every word of it. He rushed back upon his horse, knowing time was against him, but before he galloped off he had to say one more thing. “Thank you Cada Varl, this city is in your debt.” It was a heavy truth but a truth none the less. Juruz had never questioned the reasons why Cada Varl had entered this world. For every Malik that had entered this world there was a Cada Varl, someone who had never demanded so much as a single coin of compensation for his actions. 
Cada Varl glanced over to him, he had never heard such a tone from Juruz. He simply nodded before he looked back to the tower, his sword grasped firmly in his hand. Juruz admired how Cada Varl showed no fear, it was the same admiration he had had for the red eyed man when he had walked alone against thousands of orcs. 
Chapter 32
“What are we doing again?” Fang asked as he and Scratch began carrying out their secret mission for their leader. 
Scratch sighed in annoyance, “We are going to search Ebulon to find the Shadow Stone for Crimson Claw.”
“Oh, yeah,” Fang replied. 
Scratch shook his head. “Honestly, I don’t know how you could have forgotten already when we only just talked about it.”
“It wasn’t my fault,” Fang insisted. “I was biting at a flea and some of my forgetting poison leaked.”
“How come you didn’t forget that?” 
“I’m immune to my poisons.”
“Uh…Fang?” 
“What?”
Scratch was about to tell Fang what was wrong with his explanation when he decided it wasn’t worth it. “Never mind, let’s just find the Shadow Stone and report back to Crimson Claw.”  Not long after saying this Scratch stopped, having sensed someone nearby. Looking around he caught sight of a man in a black uniform. Something about his short, sharp white hair and powerful looking red eyes made Scratch a bit nervous in a way only Crimson Claw at his worst ever could before. However, Scratch knew that no matter how angry he might get his leader would never hurt him or Fang. Even if Crimson Claw were to get into a fight with his clone creations, Scratch felt he could defeat him in battle. This guy Scratch could tell was powerful like Crimson Claw, but while his powerful leader was also a friend, he had no idea what this man would do to him. Hiding his nervousness Scratch used his long tail to signal Fang to follow as he approached. Having received a little psychic power when Crimson Claw last improved his clone creations of Fang and Scratch, Fang knew the enemy’s name was Cada Varl, though nothing else about him popped into his head. 
The two animals stood in silence for a few moments. Scratch unsheathed his claws just in case and signaled to his partner to sit. He didn’t need Fang for this. “Why are you here?” Scratch asked. “Have you been following us?” 
Cada Varl could easily answer the creature’s question, he hadn’t been following them. He had been moving back towards the Ebulon Tower to do what he could to stop Morzu. He didn’t need a further explanation to know why these creatures had crossed his path, he had overheard them speaking. He didn’t know who or what Crimson Claw was, but it didn’t sound like an Ebulon name. But that wasn’t what was troubling him, these creatures were capable of speech and Cada Varl only knew of one type of dog like creature that could speak. This may not have been his world, he understood that perfectly. But like the scars that covered his body the memory of his old world was too strong to ignore. Canines that could speak were dangerous, just as dangerous as the young man who wielded the Shadow Stone, combing two such evils was an abomination he couldn’t allow. He didn’t speak, his mind screaming at him to kill these creatures before they had a chance to spread further harm.   
“We won’t let you take the Shadow Stone from Crimson Claw. If necessary we will kill you!” Upon hearing his teammate’s words Fang stood up. His red eyes gleamed eagerly as he looked at Scratch awaiting any commands he might be given ready to carry them out. When Cada Varl raised his sword Fang could sense what he had been thinking and what he was doing here. He was a hero just like those foul Chihuahua and Black Cat, Fang let out a strange sound, both a hiss and a growl and hearing it Cada Varl’s eyes narrowed. 
“The Shadow Stone isn’t yours for the taking, there is no if about it, it is necessary that you be killed, before you can plague this world!” 
The threat was more than Fang needed, nothing would stand in the way of accomplishing his mission, not the Heroes United and not this Cada Varl. 
“Scratch!” Fang yelped at his teammate. Scratch didn’t waste time. Knowing what he needed to do he came towards Cada Varl with great speed, leaving the ground with swiftness that made an arrow look like a slug. As fast as he was Cada Varl didn’t lose sight of him, bringing his sword through the air as soon as Scratch was in reach. Using his feline like body Scratch spun his limbs and contorted his spin, looping over the blade and missing its edge. Clearly not expecting such movement Cada Varl couldn’t counter as Scratch landed on his shoulder, immediately jumping off of it and flipping in the air, enabling him to deliver a dozen or so deep scratches between Cada Varl’s shoulder blades. The thick black material could offer little protection against the claws and Cada Varl felt the collections of stings they brought him. As fast as he could, which was quite impressive, the red eyed man turned, swinging his blade in a great arc. But Scratch quickly ascended into the air, in seconds he was easily thirty feet above Cada Varl. Having never seen a wingless creature that could fly Cada Varl was ill prepared for such an action. 
Quickly remembering his second opponent Cada Varl looked back to the brown and black dog called Fang. He had looked back just before Fang was upon him, barreling into his chest like a gigantic arrow. As pain filled Cada Varl like water flowing from a broken dam he was taken off of his feet, slammed hard enough into a near by wall that the stone cracked around him like fragile glass. Fang possessed tremendous strength, far beyond what his small body should have allowed. But Cada Varl had been hit that hard plenty of times in his life and was far from incapacitated. As Fang came for him again Cada Varl was ready for it, he stepped forward swinging his sword with the kind of skill no normal man possessed. But Fang met the sword with his claws and a furious engagement of weaponry took place. In order to deal with Cada Varl’s comet like speed Fang had to give ground, but he was capable of moving fast enough to keep the sword from cleaving his flesh. 
Scratch had watched the engagement with awe, there were few fighters that could force Fang to give ground like that. Scratch, eager to help his companion as well as claim the glory of killing Cada Varl dove from the air. He looked almost like a hawk rushing downwards to clasp its talons upon an unsuspecting field mouse. He bared his teeth thinking they would rip out a large chunk of Cada Varl’s back. Before his teeth could find flesh Cada Varl had forced Fang away with a well-timed sword swing granting him the time to turn and bring his boot up into Scratch. Using his extreme flexibility Scratch contorted his body to the point that he was only struck by the edge of Cada Varl’s foot. Even this slight contact caused pain to flare all through his body and Scratch landed on the ground with a chaotic bounce. He was able to get to his feet reasonably quickly having his super shock absorption to thank for it. Still he was taken back by how strong this Cada Varl actually was, it was the kind of strength only found in Heroes United and that angered him greatly. 
Scratch was right back on the attack his claws like lightning striking with such speed. But Cada Varl not only managed to stop each attack he kept up with them delivering many of his own. Though neither had landed a blow it was shocking just how fast each were moving. Scratch took to the air again, moving like a brown and black crossbow bolt. While still fending off the attacks of Fang Cada Varl half turned hoping to catch Scratch. He managed to but it was only for a moment, Scratch spun his body great enough that Cada Varl couldn’t hold onto him. Fang tried to exploit the mishap and brought his claws across Cada Varls’ face but the red eyed man was fast enough to block the strike before tilting his sword and bashing its flat surface down upon Fang. Like a tiny nail being driven by a sledge hammer Fang was brought to the ground. The impact great enough that the ground opened up below him as if trying to swallow him up. Though riddled with pain Fang had a special resistance to physical attacks and managed to ascend away before Cada Varl’s foot cracked his skull. 
In the same moment of all of this happening Scratch had gone on the offensive delivering a number of claw attacks that Cada Varl blocked before delivering an attack of his own. In order to save himself from the attack, Scratch had to quickly fly high into the air. 
Regrouping Fang and Scratch came together far out of Cada Varl’s reach. They looked down upon him like two wolves, as angry as they were hungry. 
“He’s fast,” Scratch said. “Strong too,” Fang added still feeling the effects of literally being nailed into the ground. 
“But he doesn’t seem to be able to fly!” Scratch pointed out eagerly, always grateful to have an advantage. 
“Yes,” Fang agreed, “He also uses that sword…a lot.”
“Good observation.” Scratch praised. “Well then, let’s see how effective he is when it is nothing more than scrapings!” 
Fang descended first but Scratch was quick to follow, making them both descend on level with one another. Cada Varl held his ground lowering his sword in preparation for his own attack They showed little fear just wide eyed aggression as Fang and Scratch came down upon him. They met his blade with their claws, but this time working together they didn’t try to avoid or counter attack. Instead they were attacking the blade itself, like its steel was the surface of a closed over hole they were trying to reopen. They were clever enough to remain too high in the air for Cada Varl’s boot to reach either one of them, they had him right where they wanted him. Their attacks were so fast it would have been down right suicidal for Cada Varl to try and free his weapon for an attack. The red eyed man appeared to know this as he held onto his blade with both hands. The sword might not have been budging but Fang and Scratch used this to their advantage. Their scratches were that fast that sparks were being forged, dancing upon the blade like tiny explosions. 
“Keep it up!” Fang barked eagerly. He was determined to turn this sword into shavings. Scratch agreed with Fang and did keep it up, the amount of sparks forming now made it look like a solar flare, yet they kept scratching, believing at any moment the sword would shatter. They could barely see Cada Varl beyond the sparks, but they knew he was there and without this blade he would be easy pickings.
Suddenly the smile on Fang’s face disappeared as breath was taken from his body like webs by a flame. His own body flipped through the air, like a stone being rolled down a hill.
“Fang!” he heard Scratch call out. Desperately Scratch continued his attack but without Fang’s claws to create them the sparks had died down enough for Scratch to see what had occurred. Ever so carefully Cada Varl had lowered his blade enough prompting his two attackers to lower. They had been too consumed with destroying the sword to notice, thus giving Cada Varl the reach to kick Fang away. With only one attacker Cada Varl pulled his sword away and brought it back across, if it hadn’t been for Scratch’s flexibility he would have been carved in two. 
Scratch was quick to retreat in order to join his companion high in the air once more. He could hear Fang growling with anger, but knew he was ready and able to continue this fight. More than the man himself, they were more interested in Cada Varl’s blade. Shockingly there was barely a mark on it. Fang was as angered as he was alarmed by this, the claws of his companion could almost cut through anything. 
“What is that sword made of?” he growled, not taking his eyes off the haunting red vision of his enemy. 
“I don’t really think it’s the sword,” Scratch pointed out, panting slightly from the amount of energy he had used. 
“What else could it be?” Fang asked angrily. 
“I can’t explain it in detail, but when he grabbed me before I could feel something happening, like my body was becoming as sturdy as steel, but as motionless as a block of ice.” Fang snarled in response, wondering what kinds of power did this Cada Varl truly have? He believed that Cada Varl’s vision was far different to other humans, he was capable of seeing through those sparks as if they didn’t hinder him at all. His boot had found too good of a mark on Fang’s chest for it to have been by chance. But this new revelation of Cada Varl’s superior sight didn’t scare him, in fact it gave him an idea. 
“Scratch,” he began. “I have an idea.” 
The situation being what it was Scratch decided to give whatever idea Fang had a try. “All right Fang. Tell me what you want me to do,” Scratch replied. Though his partner didn’t always have the brightest ideas, every once in a while Fang could suddenly become a genius. 
Cada Varl could see their mouths moving but couldn’t hear what they were saying to one another. He didn’t need to speculate that they were planning their next offensive but he had no idea what it could be. They were far more formidable than the average werewolf, the one called Fang was stronger than a werewolf as well. While he couldn’t hear what they were saying he could hear the distant clashing of steel and screams. They were too far away for him to tell if they were human or orc screams, chances were they were both. With the orcs within Ebulon and with Morzu still within the tower, still in control of the Shadow Stone he had more pressing matters than these two strange enemies. He needed to defeat them quickly, but he didn’t know how, both were capable of absorbing his blows without being incapacitated and the one called Scratch especially was fast enough to dodge his blade. He was also aware that in such a narrow pathway, they had the advantage, they could keep him in one small area as they attacked and simply retreated into the sky above before he could kill them. 
Before he could think of a new strategy Fang and Scratch came for him, descending like two demonic drops of some nightmarish rain. Knowing Fang was the slower of the two Cada Varl readied his sword to kill him first, a single target was much easier to keep an eye on. But in place of attacking Fang and Scratch landed gracefully on either side of him with traces of dust and stone raising up silently in the air upon their landings. Cada Varl was able to glance to both of them momentarily before they each took off running in great arcs around him. A second passed and he understood that they were circling him. He had seen a similar tactic used by the beasts of his own world, disorientation was a simple yet very effective method. But their circling surpassed any he had faced before as they both began to ascend into the air while running like they were both running on invisible pathways around him. He could see that the dust that rose with them was beginning to be caught in their movements like a hurricane. Before long that is what the whole thing was beginning to look like, a tornado of fur, fangs, claws and dust that had surrounded him on all sides. As fast as they were moving Cada Varl could still see them, it took a great deal of darkness or light to blind him and as impressive as this tornado was it didn’t hinder his vision. Fang and Scratch seemed aware of this, whenever he moved to attack one of them the other would false charge behind him, prompting Cada Varl to stop his attack and be back on his guard. 
It was soon becoming apparent to Cada Varl that Fang and Scratch weren’t just trying to disorientate him they were training his mind to get use to what they were doing. Slowly, they were trying to get him off guard. Cada Varl remained aware of this but the problem was he had no idea what true attack they had planned. Effectively he could do nothing more but be on his guard and try to see the attack coming. 
Eventually he did see something coming, something his sword couldn’t block. Out of instinct his sword was swung but specks of dust were difficult to cut through. They moved both under and over his sword flying into his eyes like tiny arrows. As if set on fire Cada Varl’s eyes stung and all he could see was a strange vision of giant dust specks and nothing more. Following Fang’s orders to the letter Scratch had used his levitation powers to control the dust, thus blinding Cada Varl. It was difficult to swing your sword with any kind of accuracy when you couldn’t even see what you were swinging at. Fang had countered on this and now leapt out from the dust tornado. From the other side Scratch followed his motions and the two of them leapt on Cada Varl like he was a big juicy carcass. 
Both Fang and Scratch made sounds of delight for Cada Varl’s garments and flesh were easily cut into. Scratch enjoyed digging into Cada Varl’s right shoulder, wanting to see how fast he would be able to wield his blade if half his shoulder was gone. Fang focused on his neck and left cheek. Blood fell into the air like sparks, but these didn’t blind the two creatures they invigorated them, the smell was enticing and seducing, Cada Varl would die and they would be free to claim the Shadow Stone. They both saw Cada Varl’s hand reach for his face a pathetic attempt to protect his features from their claws. 
“It won’t work!” Fang growled, now turning his attention to Cada Varl’s hand, Fang would make ribbons out of it. But he had only gotten several scratches in when suddenly Cada Varl’s sword swung in a great rotation, moving fast enough that both Fang and Scratch had to leap away. 
They both snarled, angered that Cada Varl had interrupted their attack. 
“What happened?” Fang remarked, the plan was going so well, the bloody mess he had made of Cada Varl’s shoulder proved it. With the dust tornado now gone, the air was near silent and neither Fang nor Scratch made a move. Cada Varl lowered his hand, revealing his eyes were smeared with blood. Not covered by it like his cheek, neck and shoulder. 
“Quite clever,” Scratch remarked realizing that Cada Varl had used his own spilled blood to remove the dust specks from his eyes. Cada Varl may have been seeing the world through a blood red veil but at least now he could see it. 
Cada Varl didn’t have to glance at his shoulder to know how damaged it was, an entire ocean of blood felt like it was flowing down his arm. Amongst the blood where the garments had been torn Scratch could see strange black scars, almost like isles floating in a crimson sea.  
“Well Scratch, we know what we have to do this time…claw out his eyes!” 
Before Scratch could concur Cada Varl had leapt through the air. While he wasn’t flying he seemed impervious to the pull of gravity moving tens of feet in a single leap. 
“We got him on the run!” Scratch proclaimed with delight before the two of them took to the air to pursue him. As soon as Cada Varl had landed he leapt back once more ensuring he was facing his pursues. Because they were capable of flight they caught him easily but this time Cada Varl fought back. Each was a brief exchange of claws and steel before Fang would fly away only to turn back around and attack him once more. Scratch preferred to bounce off the walls, hoping to catch Cada Varl in a quick enough attack as the red eyed man continued to leap backwards. It was an intense affair with none of the three offering quarter to their enemy. 
Cada Varl took one final leap backwards, landing within a disheveled courtyard. Ebulon was a huge city and the courtyard reflected that, easily being the size of a large field. Seeing this Fang and Scratch stop their attacks, coming together in the air. Panting with both drained energy and bloodlust Fang narrowed his eyes. 
“It seems he has run out of places to run, bad choice though, that area is large enough for us both to fully use our speed and agility.” 
“What was it that Crimson Claw once said to us?” Scratch began. “That a mouse always will trap itself in a corner if you chase it long enough.” 
“Ah yes he did, he also told us that a trapped mouse has nothing left to lose so be careful of its teeth.” Fang pointed out. 
To this Scratch blinked a few times before shaking his head, “Crimson Claw never said that to me.” 
“Well he said it to me,” Fang said. 
“No he didn’t I would have heard him,” Scratch pointed out. 
“It happened when we were alone once.” 
“You were never alone with Crimson Claw! I know that because I have never left his side, except for this mission and neither have you!” To this Fang snarled and Scratch understood that it was just another contradiction that Fang was occasionally guilty of. 
Even so, whether Crimson Claw had actually said it or not didn’t delude its point. Cada Varl was injured but far from death’s door, knowing that he was the faster of the two Scratch considered things carefully. 
“His shoulder injury should have slowed the speed with which he can swing his sword, but to be safe I think I should attack him first and see what speed he has left.” 
“Yes, do it,” Fang began. “But don’t kill him…yet. I want to fight some more too.” Scratch nodded as he prepared to charge. 
Though Cada Varl remained more or less at full fighting capacity the injuries roared with pain, their claws had cut deeply. But what concerned him deeply was their teeth, how long would it be before they put away their claws and begun trying to bite him? He didn’t know the full extent of their powers but he was horribly aware of what would happen if they bit him. It could very well unleash destruction on this world that he couldn’t stop and he couldn’t allow that to happen again. He had been reluctant to use this power, considering he knew its extent and what it did to him if he used it too much. But he couldn’t risk being bitten and now he only hoped this courtyard was a large enough space. Still very cautious he did what he could to control it, feeling the power from within as the air just above his feet began to shimmer like the air above a roaring fire. He kept his eyes firmly upon his two attackers, not wanting them to look down and see the energy that he was summoning. Like letting out steam from a pot he did it slowly as he lowered his sword ready for an upward strike. 
The one called Scratch flew towards him with all the speed and malice his small body could produce. Fang watched on with great satisfaction, he knew that Scratch wouldn’t kill Cada Varl outright. This would allow Fang to rightfully claim an equal share in the glory of killing this so-called other world hero. But as Scratch came closer to Cada Varl Fang began to notice it, the way the air was moving around the red eyed man. It reminded him of ripples in a lake but there was no water just air. Scratch was ready to claw Cada Varl’s nose right off of his face, there was no possible way he could swing that sword fast enough. And even if he did Scratch would just spin his body to avoid it, this mouse would squeak before long. 
Scratch saw the sword moving towards him as well as a strange faint glow of red that flashed in the air. Alarmed by just how fast the sword was moving Scratch twisted his body and tried to ascend. Though he managed to get out of the sword’s path something sprang forth from it like a flare. It was a fast moving flash of red that seemed to vanish as soon as it appeared. Scratch’s mind was awash in thought, his body filled with a very unpleasant shock. He knew he had avoided the blade, he had seen the flash of red and tried to contort his body to dodge it. But he didn’t, it had caught him, it was as if he had tried to outrun his shadow and his shadow had grown angry. He glanced down at Cada Varl whose sword remained raised, the faint red light still encircling him. Scratch suddenly felt very warm and then extremely cold. 
His vision soon fell upon something descending away from him, something that once belonged to him but no more. It was the other half of his body, the red energy had literally cut him in two. It had happened too fast for his mind to comprehend. He was quite rightfully dead he just didn’t know it yet. Seeing the second half of his body fall broke him out of his trance and then he couldn’t think, see or feel anything. 
“Scratch!” Fang bellowed in anger, leaping downwards with his claws and teeth ready. He reached Cada Varl within a moment but his claws and teeth never reached his target. He landed with a very heavy thud, there was no grace in his step as he breathed harshly. He hadn’t seen it but he felt it all across the left side of his body, Cada Varl had cut him deeply with his sword. The red eyed man’s movements were simply too fast for Fang to have seen. Like the slurping of some disgusting demon he could hear his own blood spill upon the ground as he stumbled. What had happened! He thought. How could Cada Varl move that fast if he was injured? What was the red power? He had seen the red flash in Cada Varl’s eyes, perfect sync with the flash of red energy, meaning it was a power from within. More than the speed was the strength itself, Fang was resistant to most physical attacks but the blade had cut through his body like a sword through a splinter. As Cada Varl turned to face him fully Fang felt the weight of the man’s gaze. 
“What are you?” Fang demanded. 
“I’m Cada Varl,” the red eyed man replied. It wasn’t maliciousness in Cada Varl’s tone, but a definite coldness. Fine keep your mysteries, Fang thought. I got plenty of my own.  
He gasped under the weight of the truth of his thoughts. Fang had more than just his claws and resilience in his arsenal. He had his fangs and the powers they held within. Poisons of different kinds were at his disposal. He had a sleeping poison that in his past had worked well, but he wanted more than just for Cada Varl to slumber, he wanted him to suffer and he knew of a way. A poison so potent and powerful there was only one antidote, it resided in his lower fangs, meaning Cada Varl would never know a cure for it. This poison was his secret weapon, it could kill Cada Varl, but it would also kill him, it was the one poison he possessed that he didn’t have automatic immunity towards. Crimson Claw had warned him never to use it unless it was the only option. He would die if he used it, but he was going to die anyway, his injuries were far too severe. 
He had been witnessed to the way Cada Varl had summoned the red energy, it began at his feet and rose into the air like heat from a flame. Though badly injured Fang was sure enough as long as he launched himself from his right foot, the uninjured side of him, he could bypass the sword before it was quickened by the power of the red energy. 
Fang took a long breath, mentally preparing himself for his own death and the hope of Cada Varl’s. He sprang forth opening his mouth and revealing the poison that swelled from his fangs. Taking to the air and using his flight powers made him just as quick as he ever been. Still the seconds passed like hours as he could see the red energy beginning to be summoned. He was sure that he would reach Cada Varl’s throat before the sword could block his path. Then his vision was consumed by red and the last thing he heard was a bewildering sound of power. 
The red energy had risen up all around Cada Varl like a pillar of steam from a boiling kettle. The red grew in a vertical path breaking through the clouds above with great power. A moment passed and the red slowly faded like the evening sun on the horizon. Cada Varl had felt the ground shake below him as he was sure half of whoever was still in Ebulon had felt it. His eyes glowed red for another moment before returning to normal. He had seen the poison within Fang’s teeth, having remembered what the strange creature had said about its toxins. But it was the threat of being bitten that caused Cada Varl to momentarily panic. That moment had broken down the restraints he had placed on the powers and they had exploded out of him. It was the very embodiment of overkill, what remained of Fang was little more than ash and a few barely recognizable bones. But at the least Cada Varl had stopped him before Fang had bitten him. 
The red eyed man looked over his hand seeing that a sun burnt red now covered it. He had seen that red before and knew that it was only the beginning mark of what his powers could do to him. But his mind was focused once again on the Ebulon Tower, it remained eerie even to his eyes, knowing what still lurked underneath it made him realize the red wouldn’t be leaving his skin anytime soon. 
Chapter 33
Another foul thing died at the end of Yadi’s blade, he didn’t know the exact number he had killed only that it was many. Lieutenants, grunts and monsters had all fallen to him but not a single Ulnath. Yadi had tried cutting a bloody path to them but they remained in the rear lines, allowing a sea of monsters to protect them. But Yadi wouldn’t drown, he would cross this ocean and make the Ulnath regret ever attacking his people. Because of his tenacity he was right in the thick of the fighting, the very center of the battlefield. There was little place for grand strategy for him it was more about surviving each second. He knew his troops had been fighting well, many Red Army soldiers had died on this day but in doing so many Ebulon lives had been lost. 
He had rightfully been concerned when the dragons appeared, fearing his army would forget all discipline and flee for their lives. Thanks largely to the defense of the Heroes United this wasn’t the case. But through the smell of blood and death he could sense the uneasiness in the air, his command was far from unshakeable. This concern didn’t distract him, rather he used it to fuel himself onwards cutting down every Red Army soldier within reach of his blade. Some screamed and some didn’t, but every one of them he cut died bloodily, no one no matter how bias could deny the ferocity and skill the king was fighting with. 
A wave from the enemy ocean surged towards him and as always through this battle he stood unwavering against it. He struck an enemy spear hard enough that the shaft broke within the twisted thing’s hand before he ended its life by piercing his sword straight through its eyes. He killed another by decapitation, a mighty bloody blow. Before the headless body had even fallen he took two more lives, both females. He fought on never flinching or backing down, he fought with the same tenacity as the Ebulon soldiers on both sides of him. 
Suddenly a sound broke through the clashing of steel and screams, a heavy crashing sound that caused the earth to shake. A dragon, one born in this world had fallen on the edge of the battlefield, its enormous weight striking the earth like a collapsing mountain. Its scales once a fine blue now were rotted as wisps of eerie green smoke rose from it. Yadi had only glanced towards it for a single second, his subconscious needing to know the source of the quake. 
In that moment his instincts failed him, that spilt second of distraction cost him dearly. A Red Army lieutenant who hadn’t been bothered by the sound struck him deep with her spear. Her precision was perfect burying the spearhead deep under his arm where his armor couldn’t protect him. A sharp breath as if he was truly drowning escaped his lips, the burning sensation of the strike enflaming his entire body. Instantly he knew this was no flesh wound as strength was already fleeing his legs. He looked at the lieutenant, his eyes distant and hollowing as she smirked at the sight of his blood. Her amusement didn’t last long, she too had allowed herself to be distracted and an Ebulon axe, wielded by Keska ended the enemy’s life. He could hear her bellowing in anger and all the other sounds of the battlefield, but they now sounded very distant, as if he was hearing the sounds from underwater. The enemy ocean indeed was starting to drown him. 
He watched as a whole horde of the Red Army saw his sword fall from his hands and raced towards him on mass. They appeared like predators smelling his blood and were desperate for a meal. Led by Keska, his royal guard rushed forward, forming a wall of steel and flesh. 
“Protect the king!” Keska commanded, he could tell by the power of her expression that she had screamed this, although it barely sounded like a whisper in his ear. His body was trying to breathe quickly but each breath was strained and weak. The blood now flowing down his armor seeped through the lines between the plates. The blood was colder than anything he had ever felt, frostier than ice. He fell to his knees, an action he hadn’t ordered his body to do. He had been on many battlefields, enough to have received his fair amount of injuries. Some wounds had been bad, but none felt this cold. 
His vision changed as well, although he found it difficult to describe. Somehow he was able to notices things that he hadn’t mere moments ago. Slowly his eyes wandered the battlefield, like insects on broken legs. He could see Captain Oeger standing side by side the troops in her unit doing their best to stand against the relentless hordes of the enemy. His eyes crawled on and were drawn to the site of Captain Torrin and Lieutenant Ulka, they were standing back to back surrounded by enemies on all sides. It seemed that Ulka had been separated from his own unit and was now fighting just to survive. They fought well and hard, protecting one another from all of the attacks, but clearly they were stuck in a desperate place. He could see just how many dead Ebulon troops lay around them, but there were even more dead Red Army soldiers that formed a second layer of corpses. Captain Torrin hadn’t let him down, the troops of his unit had fought like demons, but had paid the price with most of their lives. Further across the field he saw the refugees, most didn’t possess the skills of the Ebulon trained soldiers but they fought as savagely as the enemy beasts. His eyes crawled on and easily could pick out Commander Alatearame, one of greatest of his officers and soldiers. Her helmet had been knocked off, her face drenched in her own blood, yet she fought on with an even greater tenacity than he had fought with. She was amazing, with one hand she killed enemies and with the other she prevented troops from fleeing, pushing them back into the battlefield. But for all of her efforts she was only one person, clearly news of the king’s injury had spread through the units. Some stood their ground, some paid the blood price while others were turning and fleeing. 
“Hold the Line! Hold the Line!” more than one of his captains was giving this command, though not enough soldiers were following it. They all sounded so faint in his ear like a very distant echo, he couldn’t even hear himself breathing anymore, let alone feel it. His eyes returned to where they had began, he watched helplessly as the wall of protection had been broken through. The troops before him had fought bravely, but they were too few in number to stop the rampage of the Red Army. They fell in puddles of their own blood, like mountain cliffs falling into the sea after a quake. Keska who had been the first to protect him was the last to die, she was impaled by seven spears, finished off by 4 axes. He didn’t even have the strength left to raise his arms, let alone reclaim his sword. It seemed that the enemy ocean would drown him after all. 
His eyes made one last crawl across the snarling and blood-mad faces of the oncoming enemies. Each wanted his head as a trophy and nothing was standing in their path. As many Ebulon soldiers were now fleeing the battlefield, Yadi knew the day was lost, he had failed to keep his kingdom safe. His gaze became filled with the sight of an enemy grunt, a crooked sword held firm in its hand. It would all be over in a single bloody moment. 
As the sword came for him his vision caught a glimpse of something, a glint of steel that entered the edge of his vision. The attacking grunt yelped like a dog as this piece of steel sank deeply into its chest. Yadi couldn’t be sure what was happening, he had never died before but he could feel a strong arm reach underneath his arms and wrap itself around his torso. Someone pulled him up off the ground in a single swift motion, showing great strength. Through his fingertips he felt the mane of a horse as his vision was beginning to blur. Glancing up he could see a thick blonde beard and eyes filled with blue. “Fight! Dam it! Fight!” Strangely this voice didn’t sound so distant and Yadi knew that Captain Juruz had saved him. 
While cradling the king in one arm Juruz slew five enemies in a single moment, his sword like a plague across the line of foes. As Juruz forced his horse into a gallop he took any enemy life foolish enough to be in the range of his sword. 
“I said stand and fight!” he bellowed kicking several soldiers in the back as he passed them. “Any Ebulon man or woman who tries to flee I shall break your legs, cut open your belly and feed you to the bloody grunts!” He rode on filling the battlefield with other such warnings, cutting down many enemies along the way. Yadi’s hearing became distant once more but he could see that Juruz’s threats were having a great effect, many soldiers stopped fleeing for their lives and returned to the battlefield with renewed vigor. Many of them had never lost their respect or faith in the command of Juruz and these actions were proving it. His appearance at the field was more than enough to remind the fleeing soldiers of what they were fighting for and the vows they had each taken to keep Ebulon safe. If she hadn’t been stuck in one place Alatearame could’ve accomplished the same thing. 
But all Yadi could think about was that the battle wasn’t over, even if he died there was a chance his people would live on. That was something he was grateful to Juruz for, more than even saving his life. He hadn’t noticed it before but his eyelids were very heavy, they felt more like stone than skin. With each passing moment they were harder to keep lifted, his body empty of strength. This didn’t feel like he was slipping into slumber either, this was something else, something much darker and colder. He doubted that when his eyes closed dreams would be waiting for him. All he could hear now was the galloping of Juruz’s horse, oddly no smells filled his nostrils. The last thing he saw before his eyes closed were the approaching medical tents but he couldn’t be sure if they were real or simply an illusion of his mind. 
Chapter 34 
Morzu didn’t know how long he had been standing there for, it didn’t seem to matter anyway. He no longer felt like time could touch him, that a thousand years could pass and not a single wrinkle would appear on his face. The Shadow Stone felt like it possessed such power, time wasn’t the only thing that seemed irrelevant. What he was experiencing now was beyond true description. It could only be felt and it was such a tremendous feeling. The greatness he had felt holding the power in his hand had increased by a thousand fold as soon as he had placed it into the chest plate. It was a flawless fit changing the armor in ways that could only be felt and not seen. Even opening and closing his hand was invigorating, like his fingers were clouds, his palm like stroking the surface of paradise. His whole frame had become the embodiment of euphoria. 
“How does it feel?” Krovin asked, he appeared as if pulled from the past. The wounds and blood that had drenched his body were now traceless, showing no memory of Cada Varl’s attack. If it hadn’t been for the many cracks in the wall, no evidence would remain of his near death experience. After he had dealt with the threat of Cada Varl Morzu had used the stone to heal the wounds of Krovin, a miracle performed with utter ease. 
“God like,” Morzu replied in a blissful whisper. He had finally found a true description of his feelings, this is what divinity felt like. Krovin nodded, his eyes widened as if feeding on the bliss of his companion. Slowly Morzu’s eyes glanced away, the motion feeling countless times more enjoyable than it should have. With eyes upon the closest broken Ulnath corpse he rose his hand as a pulse of shadow came from it. Watching for a moment after the pulse had vanished the corpse remained still and lifeless, bringing a look of disappoint across his face. “The Shadow Stone cannot bring people back from the dead,” he stated flatly, it seemed at least some powers were beyond him. 
“Not to worry,” Krovin said. “There will be time to explore the powers of the stone later, who knows what affects the Za-xayek baths will be able to bring out of it. I look forward to seeing if together with the stone they can resurrect the dead. But now is not the time for such things, now is the time to bring this all to an end.” Krovin seemed almost delirious with dark delight as he envisioned all the things Morzu was about to do. “Now is the time to show Ebulon your power, to show Oos and the other Ulnath that we have not waited a hundred thousand years in vain. Now is the time to fulfil your purpose.” 
“Indeed,” Morzu replied. He had waited for this moment his entire life, at least the years memory could summon clearly. He would make Oos proud, he would show the other Ulnath that he was deserving of their praise and he would do it by killing every Ebulon person he came across. 
He took slow steps, embracing the invigoration of movement that filled every part of him. Krovin watched on with a held breath, the silence that filled the air was more beautiful than anything he had heard, the steps of Morzu were like the rhythm of victory. 
As Morzu stepped out of the tower the sun’s light struck his vision in full force. Yet he did not blink, the golden rays, once warm and powerful were useless against his sight. He could stare directly at the sun for decades and his vision wouldn’t be strained. He was above any torment this world could offer him, whether through heat or cold none of it could inflict him. 
He looked upon the city, this once mighty fortification appeared like a city of clay, one that he could crush in the palm of his hand. There was countless possibilities of destruction, endless ways he could shape this world however he desired. The choices were vast and he salivated in such thoughts before taken notice again of the sun’s rays. He had stared at their source for long enough, his eyes now wandering to see what they had created. His vision was drawn to his own shadow, normally an insignificant follower, but its presence gave him an idea, one that would show this world the extent of his powers. 
He closed his eyes and immediately felt like he was dreaming, a greater dream than any he had ever known. He raised his hands before him as if ordering the heavens to open. They didn’t, however something equally as unnatural occurred. His shadow that until this very moment had always followed from behind now moved front and center, its darkness pointing towards the light of the sun. This was only the beginning of something very unnatural, the shadow increased in both length and width. It fell over the sunlight without resistance. Every second it grew, an inch was added to his ascent as Morzu began to float upwards. The great city of Ebulon was soon draped in the shadow, there wasn’t a single spot of sunlight that could break through its black wake. But the shadow didn’t stop its growth, it moved out beyond the city, claiming the fields before it where the Red Army and Sack Swords fought. The Darkness didn’t demand attention, it took it like a giant stealing from a bug. 
Its presence was more than enough to stop the bloody and chaotic fighting as every red soldier and Sack Sword gazed upwards upon the man in white armor who had summoned it. They each seemed frozen on the spot, their weapons held in mid strike as their eyes danced to a silent song of bewilderment and fear. This shadow was blacker than any darkness of night, more corrupt than any potion. Facts that every Sack Sword and Red Army member became aware of. 
The silence that now consumed the city was more than just noiselessness, like the shadow was suffocating all sounds. Now with nothing more than the odd cloud above him Morzu opened his eyes, awakening from his dream and summoning it into the real world. The Red Army and the Sack Swords, both formidable forces, were tiny in his gaze, smaller than even the most irrelevant of insects. He could kill each and every one of them before they had a chance to even blink, but the shadow that continued to grow deserved his attention, it was a darkness that could consume the entire world and nothing could stop it. His vision pierced every one of the Red Army and Sack Swords, thousands of men, women and monsters stood breathless waiting to see what would happen. 
He looked down upon them the way a lion would look down upon a common house cat, they were no threat to him, not anymore. His eyes ascended towards the edge of the shadow, what he saw painted a smile on his face. He was glad it was heading to Sorn field.
Chapter 35
	 Sampson, Crimson Claw, and Ryder at last found themselves facing their true enemies-Heroes United. Though Sampson and Ryder were ready to battle and finally defeat Asantra and Heroes United, Crimson Claw lacked his usual battle hunger. 
	“How did you track me here?” Sampson asked Asantra. It didn’t really matter to him how she did it, he knew they would eventually meet but Sampson needed the distraction talking would give him. Having spotted a giant shadow approaching in the distance he knew his best strategy was to wait for its powers before fighting. 
	“It wasn’t hard,” Asantra growled in response to Sampson’s question.
	Seeing she wasn’t in the mood for conversation, only fighting, Sampson decided to try another tactic. Remembering Asantra’s love of power when she was younger he thought maybe she would be curious about how this world had affected him. “You know, the wands I stole have been very useful here. By combining their magic with the power available in this world I have been able to invent a whole new range of powers,” he bragged.
	Asantra remained unimpressed. “If that’s true than don’t stand there talking, show me these powers,” she challenged. 
	Sampson decided he might as well oblige her as he only needed a few more seconds. Instantly Asantra saw what looked like tiny black water droplets with sharp teeth heading her way. Asantra swiped at them with her paw and to her surprise the droplets splattered harmlessly against it. “Is that the best you can do?” she scoffed. She didn’t know Sampson’s attack hadn’t been meant to hurt her. 
	“Of course not,” Sampson replied as the shadow began consuming the battlefield. Sampson watched with delight as every Ulnath seemed to posses thirty shadows, each of which took form and continued to multiply. Shortly the villain army seemed to outnumber the Ebulon forces and refugees ten to one. “You haven’t yet begun to see what I can do!” 
	While Sampson had been busy distracting Asantra, Ryder had a much different conversation with the Heroes United members that were still on the ground. “Ryder, you look more like a werewolf now then you ever did before,” Trixie had laughed upon seeing him.
	“If it helps me finally defeat you then it’s worth it to look like this,” Ryder retorted.
	“How well can you possibly fight without your powers, Where Wolf,” Wonder Wolf mocked.
	Ryder knew Wonder Wolf had called him Where Wolf as in where’s the wolf, a joke she had made when Ryder’s powers were taken away from him. Back when he had his powers he had joined Heroes United where he had taken the name of Werewolf. Now, more than ever Ryder wanted to eliminate the source of his problems but held back as Sampson asked him to earlier. On their way to Ebulon Sampson had promised to help Ryder become a wolf again but only if he did everything he said when they inevitably met up with their enemies. Though he hadn’t know Asantra and Heroes United would all be in Ebulon, his plan had involved getting them all together so for Sampson the fact that they all were here now was a very good thing. 
	When the shadow arrived Ryder looked at Heroes United then back at Sampson wondering if he should launch an attack against the heroes now as they were waiting for the villains to make the first move before attacking. Sampson and Asantra appeared to be locked in some sort of staring contest. Watching him carefully Ryder noticed that Sampson was slowly taking a second wand out of his pocket, all the while keeping Asantra’s focus elsewhere. Shortly Sampson had a wand in each hand. “You are now about to see what I can do,” he gloated raising one of the wands. Asantra lunged for him attempting to grab the wand in her teeth. Sampson jumped easily out of the way. As the battle between Asantra and Sampson began, the members of Heroes United, that were still on the ground and not in the air fighting dragons, rushed at Sampson. “Ryder!” Sampson said noticing the young villain appeared to be waiting for a command from him, “What are you waiting for, attack Heroes United!” Ryder did as Sampson commanded and blocked the way to Sampson the best he could, realizing the Shadow of the Shadow Stone had increased his reflexes considerably. “Crimson Claw, I could use some help here!” he called as he quickly found himself surrounded. 
	“All right,” Crimson Claw responded dejectedly, “I’m coming.” The cat flew up and began launching air attacks at the heroes with half hearted swipes from his claws. Though more of an annoyance than a threat at the moment, with Crimson Claw’s help the two villains managed to keep Heroes United from getting free to attack Sampson. 
	As the fight between Asantra and Sampson went on, Asantra noticed that none of her enemies’ attacks were true attacks and most of the time Sampson just dodged hers without returning with an attack of his own though he was clearly attempting to do something as he led her towards Heroes United. Shortly their fight took them right to the other fight.
	“What are you doing? I thought we were supposed to keep Heroes United away.” Ryder said attempting to claw the enemy nearest to him. Unfortunately the closest enemy was Wonder Wolf who was invulnerable to physical attacks. 
	“No,” Sampson answered pushing Asantra off of him with a strong wind spell. “You just need to keep them distracted until I am ready.” 
	“Keep them distracted for what?” Asantra asked pausing for a moment.
	“For this,” Sampson said. He quickly put both wands into the same hand and shortly after Asantra stood frozen in place. Asantra’s pause had left him the perfect opportunity to finally unleash this spell on her.
	“Ryder,” Sampson commanded. “I need you to stop fighting and get out of the way,” 
	“Okay,” Ryder replied backing away from the heroes to stand behind Sampson.
	Using one of the wands Sampson surrounded Heroes United in a bright light which would hold them in place, leaving them unable to move until Sampson released them. Unlike with Asantra who Sampson just needed out of his way for a while, he needed Heroes United to stay immobilized for a much longer period of time. Knowing Asantra would be able to break the spell he placed on her he commanded Crimson Claw to watch and keep Asantra busy if this happened while he was making his attack on the other heroes. Normally Crimson Claw would have been unwilling to accept orders from anyone but instead of refusing, he obediently did as Sampson commanded. 
	While Sampson held Heroes United captive with one wand then with the other, one at a time he focused on removing the shape shifting abilities of the heroes with this power. First he took Grizzly Girl’s power to become a grizzly bear. As the bear spirit came out of her Sampson directed it into Ryder’s body. He then did the same with Wonder Wolf’s recently acquired ability to become a wolf. Next he focused on Trixie. The Ultimate Shifter’s power came out very differently. As she had the ability to become any animal, or look like any human, her power came out as a ball of light. The bright glowing ball of light was obviously full of power. Sampson couldn’t wait to have these powers for himself, however for now, he placed them into Ryder. Ryder now had the ability to become anything he wanted though thanks to the extra powers of Grizzly Girl and Wonder Wolf, the grizzly bear and wolf would be Ryder’s most powerful form. The heroes could only watch as their powers were removed from them and given to Ryder. 
	Ryder felt the power flowing through him. He had never felt so powerful before and he loved it but he was most eager to become a wolf again, however he knew there was one more shape shifter to take powers from. Ryder didn’t know why Sampson separated Asantra from the Heroes United or why he didn’t take her wolf ability at the same time, but as long as he got her powers Ryder didn’t particularly care. 
	Asantra finally broke free of the spell and found herself facing a flying black cat. Asantra snapped at the cat. “Get out of the way Crimson Claw,” she growled. “I am only after Sampson.” 
	“Okay,” Crimson Claw said flying out of the way. “You don’t have to fight me if you don’t want to.” 
	Though Asantra was confused by the way Crimson Claw didn’t seem to care about fighting her when back home he was known as one of the most ruthless villains around, she was more concerned with defeating Sampson. Seeing her coming, Sampson signaled Ryder with a look. When Ryder saw Asantra he knew he would be needed to fight Heroes United again. Seeing Crimson Claw aimlessly floating around Ryder grabbed the cat by his cape. “You’re helping again,” he said.
	“If you say so,” Crimson Claw replied.
	As Ryder pulled Crimson Claw along with him towards the heroes, Sampson released Heroes United from the spell that held them just in time to face Asantra once again. As he fought Asantra Sampson said, “Why do you only fight as a wolf? You would be more powerful and effective in your human form.”
	“I don’t need magic to defeat you,” Asantra replied.
	“You’re doing a great job of that so far,” Sampson responded sarcastically. Sampson kept pushing her until finally he succeeded in his plan. Standing before him now was a young woman with white hair and black hair tips, glowing yellow eyes, and fangs. Asantra was finally in her human form. Thanks to her magic, in her wolf form Asantra would have been immune to Sampson’s plan, but in her human form things were much different.
	Asantra tried to fight it but it was useless, Sampson was succeeding in taking away her wolf ability. Soon standing between Asantra and Sampson was a white wolf. It was see through as it was Asantra’s wolf spirit. Sampson knew that normally a shape shifter’s animal spirit needed a living host as it couldn’t normally be destroyed, however, Sampson had magic and using magic he turned the wolf spirit solid. Then, because magic from his world doesn’t work for killing directly, Sampson conjured up a knife which he then drove into the now solid wolf’s heart. Asantra watched as her wolf spirit died. For a few moments everything was silent. Heroes United, Ryder and Crimson Claw stopped fighting. 
	“You killed it!” Ryder exclaimed angrily.
	“It was necessary,” Sampson replied calmly.
	“It wasn’t supposed to be like this,” He said angrily, “You were supposed to give me her powers!” 
	Sampson smiled knowing his plan was working. “You’ll see, things will work out for the best now.” 
	Ryder looked at him disbelievingly. 
	“Trust me,” Sampson said. “We need her angry.”
	“Why do we want her angry at us?”
	“She won’t be angry at us for long,” Sampson answered giving Heroes United a look. 
	Ryder looked over at Asantra and the dead wolf spirit. For a moment she looked at him and he was shocked to see that she no longer had fangs and while her eyes were still glowing they weren’t yellow but a fierce green. Asantra quickly turned her attention away from Ryder and onto Sampson.
	“Why did you kill it?” Asantra asked.
	“You know why,” Sampson answered. Asantra did know at least partially. Sampson had done it out of revenge for her figuring out how to defeat a revenge spell he placed on the Mortal Realm many years ago when she was a teenage witch. “Besides you need to be in your most powerful form right now.”
	“Why?” Asantra asked.
	“Because I am not your true enemy here. We both know eventually you will defeat me but are you powerful enough to defeat Heroes United?”
	“Why would I want to defeat Heroes United?” 
	“Ryder, why don’t you tell her.” Sampson said. 
	Ryder began explaining how he came to lose his powers, making it sound as if he had been trying to do a good thing and Heroes United stopped him. Asantra being especially impulsive and often illogical when angry listened, growing angrier by the second. By the time Ryder concluded Asantra was glowing with angry energy. She was completely surrounded in a very powerful looking bright light. Deciding to get revenge on Sampson later, Asantra turned her attention to Heroes United, unleashing a powerful blast of energy in their direction. Sampson watched proudly as the blast caught all the heroes unaware sending them backwards. The battle in Sampson’s mind had officially began and ended. Feeling proud of his successful plan, Sampson, joined Asantra in fighting Heroes United. Shortly after he was joined by Ryder who was finally in the form of a wolf, and Crimson Claw who half heartedly flew around occasionally swiping at one of the heroes. “We are an unstoppable force,” Sampson said. “We are Villains United and we will defeat you.” 
	When did we agree to being called Villains United? Ryder wondered. And when did we even agree to be a team? For now, Ryder decided to ignore these questions as if they won, which it looked like they would, he wouldn’t even care. 
	Spy Girl wanted to respond to Sampson but decided against it as she didn’t feel too confident about their chances of winning. “We need more backup,” she said as she threw pea sized and shaped smoke bombs at the villains. She figured if she couldn’t fight their attacks at least she could help prevent the villains from hitting their targets.  But how long would it be until she ran out of bombs and the heroes were left practically defenseless?
Chapter 36 
The ominous shadow cast by the coveted stone covered the battlefield, casting all into shade. Rhaldan could feel its power tugging at his own Life Force pooling in his chest, blending with it, giving it strength beyond anything Rhaldan ever imagined. With this shadow giving him extra strength, he could easily defeat all who stood between him and his goals of ruling the Realm as the first priest king, Rhaldan was certain.
Oos stood beside him, watching the battle raging from a safe distance. Rhaldan leaned closer to him. “It seems the battle is going well,” he said.
Oos grinned widely. “Yes, indeed it does. Long have I waited for this day.”
Rhaldan chuckled. “And now you have finally been satisfied. Tell me, has this shadow ever been unleashed before?”
Oos smiled even wider. “Not in my memory. Once, 100,000 years ago my brethren and I had come to Ebulon’s aid. We were sorely let down then, and now I have the pleasure of watching them be completely eviscerated, because they cannot hope to defeat this shadow and the powers it brings.”
Rhaldan looked around, trying to locate Morzu yet again. The boy had not appeared anywhere near the battle ground since the fighting started, and Rhaldan now truly had almost no time left to try and use his Life Force to force him to surrender the Shadow Stone to Rhaldan. 
His shadow-enhanced sight fell upon Kae fighting one of the Ulnath’s allies. The boy’s Life Force was a thick red cloud around him, all now bent upon destroying his enemy. Whoever he was fighting did not stand a chance. Fear grew in Rhaldan’s chest. Is the boy this powerful or is this heightened power only the result of the Shadow Stone?
Sure enough, Kae’s opponent was on his knees as soon as Kae unleashed the full potential of his strength in the Life Force on him. He had applied a similar method to one called Aneeku, killing him like the dog he truly was. Rhaldan hadn’t lied; one of his men had really killed the hungry wolf.
Such power was immense. But perhaps Rhaldan, his own power to manipulate the Life Force now enhanced by the shadow, might just be strong enough to bring Kae under his control once and for all.
He let his separated self form and stand beside the boy. The separated self’s touch felt as real as though Rhaldan was standing beside Kae and gripping his arm himself. The shadow gave it this ability, Rhaldan was certain. He’d never been able to achieve such a seamless control of his own separated self before. The shadow would let him use his power of convincing on Kae now, from afar, something he had never before been able to do.
You will cease working against our friends and return to my side, Rhaldan placed the order deep into Kae’s mind. 
No! Never! Kae answered him just as silently.
You will obey me! Return to my side now! Rhaldan redoubled his efforts, the shadow lending his silent voice incredible strength of conviction. The surge he sent into Kae was stronger than any he had ever unleashed. Perhaps with the aid of the shadow he would be even strong enough to put the block back on the boy’s ability to use his Life Force.
Rhaldan drew his focus away from trying to convince Kae to return, and instead focused on the core of Kae’s Life Force, bubbling red-hot in the center of his chest. He envisioned a black, stone tomb encircling the boy’s power, locking it tight in its thick walls. This was easily done to all Protectors when they were first brought to the Keep to train as boys of seven years old. 
The stone tomb he envisioned now was perfect, its walls hard, thick and impenetrable. Not a trickle of Kae’s Life force could escape this prison.
Then the tomb shattered, bits of stone hitting Rhaldan’s separated self, making him reel and stumble where he stood beside Oos.
Do not try this again, Rhaldan! Kae’s voice boomed in his ears. You will never control me.
The boy’s voice reverberated inside Rhaldan’s skull, like the echo of an avalanche rumbling down the Mountains of Giants.
Rhaldan quickly recalled his separated self from Kae’s side. The power of the Shadow Stone was not strong enough to subdue Kae. Or was it? As powerful as the shadow made him, he could feel that it was restrained within him, like it was contained in a jar with only a trickle of it escaping through a crack. But he could not shatter the jar. 
He glanced at Oos who was paying no attention to his glare. It then became clear to Rhaldan. The full extent of the power was purposely being held back from him! 
Glancing around the battlefield he could see the shadows of the Ulnath continue to multiply, continue to move at speeds that were hard to comprehend. It all made terrible sense now! This was the true reason why none of the Ulnath had been overly worried by the threat of betrayal! The power of the Shadow Stone embraced them fully, leaving all of the otherworld beings with only scraps of the shadow’s power!  
And if Rhaldan could not bring Kae under his command, if the boy was still stronger than Rhaldan, even when Rhaldan was aided by the Shadow Stone, his plans of taking control of the Realm were doomed to fail.  
What that also meant was that Rhaldan might not be strong enough to subdue Morzu. Especially if Morzu was the one wielding the full power of the stone. 
And Rhaldan would rather leave this abominable place alive and find another way to overthrow the monarchy than risk dying at Morzu’s hands. For all he knew, truly, the Shadow Stone might only ever recognize Morzu as its possessor.  
No, it was not worth the risk. Rhaldan and the Protectors had to leave this place while they still could.
Come to me! Rhaldan ordered the Protectors silently. Cease fighting. We are going home.
I am staying here to help Ebulon fight off these vile creatures! Came Kae’s reply on the air.
I will leave no man behind! Agara’s silent message followed almost immediately.
Rhaldan cursed. They’d only come if Kae would come, and Rhaldan had no way of controlling Kae. Or did he?
Protector Kiyarran, the princess needs your help, Rhaldan said on the air for Kae alone to hear. I know you love her, and I know you will not abandon her in her moment of need. Return now or risk losing her forever.
Silence. Kae did not reply.
There is little time for you to decide. Come now! Rhaldan said. 
With his separated self standing by Kae’s side, he watched the boy scan the battlefield until his eyes came to rest in the direction of Ebulon. 
The people of Ebulon need me, Kae replied, his normally green eyes now grey, reflecting the shadow perfectly. And the princess...she can never be mine.
With those words Kae raised his sword and lunged into battle once again, hacking down any enemy that stood in his path.
Attack the vile creatures! Came Second Captain Agara’s command and the rest of the Protectors heeded it in earnest.
Rhaldan had lost his power over them. But they would all be punished for this disloyalty once they returned home, if any of them survived the battle.
He could tell that with the power of the Shadow Stone, that the Ulnath no longer had need for the other world beings. The members of the Red Army may have been too stupid to realize this and kept fighting, but Rhaldan wasn’t. 
He left Oos’ side, something the Ulnath leader didn’t even notice, and walked away from the battlefield, toward the place through which he could open the gateway back into the Priest’s Palace. He’d wait there for until the battle was over, just to see if any of them would survive. He doubted it, the Errent corps may have been the best of the best in the Realm, but even they couldn’t turn the tide of this battle, and the Ebulon forces were getting slaughtered like sheep. 
He laughed at this thought, Aneeku’s analogy was proving itself true in more ways than one. 
His sheep that survived this battle would certainly know what happens when they stray from their shepherd and none of them would ever think of disobeying the Head Priest again!

Chapter 37
	Black Cat, Chihuahua, Star Power, and Wonder Horse were still fighting against the dragons and Atacir. Though they were now joined by a new companion, Edo Volis, ever since the shadow had swept over the battlefield the dragons had become stronger than ever. Black Cat was grateful that Edo Volis was here as his flight, and lightning speed, among other abilities, was a welcome asset. With his help the heroes felt they still had a chance at winning this battle.
	These were the thoughts in Black Cat’s mind as she clawed bravely at the head of a purple dragon which was blocking their way to Atacir and Golden Flame. Chihuahua attempted to help distract it by nipping at its tail. Star Power tried to stay out of the dragon’s reach as much as possible and offer his powers as a shield around his teammates whenever needed while Wonder Horse attempted to reason with the dragon as normally he had the ability to communicate with and earn the trust of any animal species. However, the dragons were influenced too strongly for Wonder Horse to be able to do this. Working together the heroes were able to defeat this dragon and finally approach Golden Flame in order to try to break the bridal holding her. As he had the ability to do so, Edo Volis summoned an eerie green mist from his mouth to create a wall around Golden Flame and Heroes United that would rot anything it touches in order to keep the dragons at bay while Heroes United worked. Chihuahua began chewing at the bridal’s throat latch while Black Cat clawed at one of the bridal’s cheek pieces. Wonder Horse stayed back preparing to fight if necessary. He knew his teeth were too dull to do any good on a bridal this strong and had no claws to work with. Star Power attempted to unhook the buckles on the bridal psychically until he realized the bridal didn’t have any. The bridal, once put on a dragon, instantly adjusts itself to fit tightly around the dragon’s head and no adjustments needed meant no buckles needed either, Atacir informed the dog. Once Star Power knew psychic abilities would be no use for freeing Golden Flame and the other dragons, he went to the cheek piece opposite Chihuahua and began using his teeth as well. Shortly it was clear that neither teeth nor super powerful claws would break the bridal. Before Star Power could ask what they should try next, Golden Flame unexpectedly swiped at them with her tail, knocking Heroes United out of the sky and leaving Edo Volis to struggle against the dragons alone. 
	The four heroes landed near where their other villains and the remaining members of Heroes United were battling. Quickly summing up the situation, Black Cat said, “You guys stay here and help the rest of the team. I am going to try a different tactic to free Golden Flame and the other dragons.”
“You’re going back up alone?” Chihuahua asked worriedly.
“No,” Black Cat assured him, “I won’t be alone.”
“Who are you taking?” Chihuahua asked figuring it was one of the other members of Heroes United.
“I don’t have time to explain,” Black Cat answered scanning the battle for Crimson Claw, “Just trust me and go help the others.” Black Cat spotted her enemy fighting with Trixie quickly and flew over to the most pathetic looking battle she had ever seen. The fight between the two, in her mind, could only be compared to a human trying unsuccessfully to swat a pesky housefly. Crimson Claw was barely fighting yet Trixie, in her human form, was chasing him and attempting to hit him out of the sky. Black Cat had already come to the conclusion that the shape shifting members of Heroes United had somehow lost their powers but she did have to wonder why Trixie ended up in human form when the Ultimate Shifter, which she was, didn’t have any true form. Black Cat decided she would figure this out later, first she needed Crimson Claw. 
Seeing how the great shadow had effected the enemies, Black Cat guessed Crimson Claw was very likely more powerful than usual. Being the only villain she ever fought with that she believed might have claws more powerful than her own on a normal day, she thought if anyone could break the bridal he could. “Crimson Claw!” she said in her most commanding voice. 
To her surprise Crimson Claw immediately stopped battling and flew over to her. “What do you want?” 
“I need your help,” Black Cat responded hesitantly. Crimson Claw didn’t answer her. He couldn’t decide how to respond. Black Cat didn’t want to waste time but this was too strange. Crimson Claw was acting nothing like himself. She decided to find out why.
Chihuahua glanced back from where he was battling with Ryder. Seeing Black Cat and Crimson Claw off in the distance alone he got worried. “Where are you going?” Ryder asked as Chihuahua flew off. “This fight isn’t over.” Chihuahua knew Black Cat wouldn’t approve of what he was doing but he knew Crimson Claw and didn’t trust him. Chihuahua also felt he wouldn’t be a very loyal partner if he left Black Cat alone with his world’s most ruthless villain. She might need his help. 
Crimson Claw was explaining about Fang and Scratch. When Chihuahua arrived, Black Cat looked at her former sidekick but didn’t say anything. “It’s my fault they ended up in this losing battle,” Crimson Claw said, “When I came here I thought it would be worth doing whatever it took to get that power.”
When Crimson Claw finished Black Cat said, “Even heroes sometimes make the mistake of focusing too much on their personal goals and failing to see what’s most important to them. It can be difficult to know which battles are truly worth fighting or when a battle should be fought another day. Besides, no matter which side you fight for sometimes you lose members in battle.”
“You haven’t lost any members,” Crimson Claw hissed.
“That’s not true,” Chihuahua cut in. “Last time I was here I lost my tail.”
“Chihuahua,” Black Cat said, “Your tail was never a member. It wasn’t even alive.” 
“But DWW said my tail was dead after I lost it. If it wasn’t alive in the first place how could it die?” 
Black Cat didn’t have time for a conversation like this with Chihuahua , “Chihuahua, go back to the battle.” She ordered, “You shouldn’t have left it in the first place.”
“But you are with Crimson Claw. What if…”
“I’ll be fine. Right now the others need all the help they can get.”
“I guess you’re right,” Chihuahua said flying back to the battle.
Turning her attention back to Crimson Claw Black Cat said, “Maybe what happened to you was a sign telling you that your days as a villain are over. It’s never too late to switch sides.” 
“Maybe you’re right.” Crimson Claw answered. He didn’t feel much like a villain anymore so maybe he should try being a hero. Making up his mind he said, “What do you need me to do?”
“Do you really think this will work?” Crimson Claw asked when Black Cat explained her thoughts as they fought through the dragons in their way as they flew towards Atacir and Golden Flame. When they got there, Edo Volis worked on keeping the dragons at bay once again using the same green mist as before, while Black Cat and Crimson Claw went to work on the bridal. Working on different sides the cats attempted to use their claws to break it with no success. 
“We have to find the bridal’s weak spot.” Crimson Claw said, “Everything has one.” They flew around the bridal clawing at different spots but it didn’t appear to have any weak spots. Beginning to feel angry and frustrated, Crimson Claw said, “This is impossible! It would be easier just to kill the dragon wearing it!” 
Black Cat hoped Crimson Claw was just saying this and not actually planning on acting on it, but when she saw him heading straight for Golden Flame’s throat she rushed to stop him. Both cats reached Golden Flame at the same time. Black Cat’s claws met her enemy’s right at the bridal’s throat latch and to her surprise the throat latch broke.
 Crimson Claw stopped, staring at the now slit and loosely hanging pieces of throat latch. “What just happened?” 
“We broke it.”
“But how?”
“I think our claws hit the same spot at the same time. Acting as one cat rather than two we are powerful enough to break the bridal.”
Feeling the excitement of success for the first time in his life Crimson Claw exclaimed, “Let’s do this on the rest of the bridal pieces!” With careful aim and timing, Black Cat proceeded to successfully break both cheek straps, noseband, the headpiece, and the reins. Upon breaking all attached parts, the bridal fell to the ground. The dragons broke free of the spell. Finally being free, Golden Flame bucked forcefully and Atacir was thrown to the ground. 
“I don’t think we will have any more problems with him…at least for this battle.” Black Cat said. The dragons native to Ebulon were furious that they had been taken control of and immediately began attacking the Ulnath and the Red Army. The dragons from the Other Realm in Black Cat’s world, led by Golden Flame, followed her to the ground. Crimson Claw followed as well.
The scene on the ground wasn’t good. Spy Girl was out of tricks and ideas, Grizzly Girl and Trixie were attempting to fight Ryder with strange weapons that looked like extra sharp candy canes which were no doubt given to them by Spy Girl as many of her gadgets were food related, and the rest of Heroes United, except for Wonder Wolf and Wonder Horse, were attempting to find an opening to attack Sampson and Asantra while in the meantime doing their best to dodge all attacks unleashed at them. Wonder Wolf had mounted Wonder Horse and were attempting unsuccessfully to reason with Asantra. 
Seeing the situation, and being a hero herself, Golden Flame instantly decided to help.“Get on!” She commanded upon reaching Trixie and Grizzly Girl. She knew the two of them wouldn’t be able to last much longer. Next she grabbed Spy Girl and delivered the three to different dragons requesting that the dragons obey their current riders. She didn’t use her powers to influence them to do it, rather she left the decision to help or not up to them. Knowing most of the Other Realm dragons were friendly, Golden Flame was sure they would listen and confidently flew off to the next villain. Being the Legendary Dragon, most magic didn’t work on her so Golden Flame was able to get up close to Sampson and Asantra. Though she didn’t want to hurt him as she had Atacir, Golden Flame hit him from behind with a forceful shove of her tail. While the attack didn’t hurt him it did cause Sampson to lose one of the wands as it went flying towards Wonder Wolf and Wonder Horse. Before Sampson could make a move to get it back, Wonder Wolf vaulted off of Wonder Horse’s back, grabbed the wand, and expertly vaulted back on again. Looking at the wand in her hands she got an idea. Asantra had said anyone could use a wizard wand but would it really work for her?
“What are you thinking?” Wonder Horse asked.
“The wand could be our key to getting Asantra back on our side,” Wonder Wolf answered. “When she’s angry, Asantra either doesn’t or can’t listen to logic or reason. With the magic in this wand I can change that.”
“What are you going to do?” 
“I am going to make it so that Asantra can think clearly as hopefully her main problem is that she can’t think clearly. This way we will be able to talk to her and get her to understand what really happened to Ryder.” As she spoke, Wonder Wolf gripped the wand tightly and aimed it at Asantra. She was excited to see it begin glowing but forced herself to concentrate on what she was doing. Shortly the wand’s glow disappeared.
“Did it work?” Wonder Horse asked.
“I don’t know.” Wonder Wolf said, “There’s only one way to find out.” She looked at Asantra who was still glowing and fighting the heroes. “Asantra!” she called. Asantra looked at her. When she did, Wonder Wolf could see there was still dislike in her eyes. Momentarily Wonder Wolf felt nervous as she was about to lead someone powerful enough to destroy herself and Wonder Horse in one shot if she wanted to, away from the rest of the heroes and villains, but the necessity of getting her alone outweighed this. Wonder Wolf just hoped the magic worked. Once alone, Wonder Wolf explained about everything Ryder said and how things really happened. 
“So he misused his ability to become a wolf,” Asantra said when Wonder Wolf had finished. She was no longer glowing. 
“Yes, you know Trixie would never have taken it away otherwise.” 
“And now Ryder has all of Heroes United’s shape shifting powers!” Asantra suddenly exclaimed. Asantra once again began to glow brightly with angry energy, but this time she was surprised to discover that while she was angry she felt completely in control and she knew exactly what she needed to do. “Give me the wand!” Wonder Wolf handed Asantra the wand though she was a bit worried about what the sorceress was about to do. Just in case Wonder Wolf reminded her as Black Cat often did whenever she was about to fight Ryder, “Remember you are the hero, not the villain.”
“I won’t forget.” Asantra said and she meant it. With the wand in hand Asantra went over to the nearest dragon, which happened to be Air Raid. Asantra knew Air Raid and felt sure he could do what she needed him to. “Air Raid,” she said, “I need you to take me to Ryder.”
“You know I’m not good at fighting,” 
“I don’t need you to fight. I just need your help to get close to him without having to worry about the other villains getting into the way.” Mounting Air Raid they flew above the battle. Carefully aiming Asantra took the wand and pointed it at Ryder. Using the power of the wand Asantra began removing the shape shifting abilities from him. Before she had a good hold on any of the powers as she needed to separate each hero’s power before she could extract them from Ryder, Sampson caught sight of what was going on. Using the wand he still had, Sampson used the magic to counter hers.  The wands were equal in power so there was nothing Asantra could do to break through Sampson’s magic. She also couldn’t stop the magic from her wand because if she did she risked getting blasted by Sampson.  Luckily Sampson couldn’t use magic to stop her and fight Heroes United at the same time. Shortly Sampson was forced to lower his wand leaving Asantra free to use magic. Asantra was then able to return everyone’s shape shifting abilities…except for her own. Her ability to become a wolf was gone for good after Sampson destroyed it. Now that the heroes all had their full abilities back, they agreed that the dragons were no longer needed and were free to go home, though Golden Flame argued that it might be better to stay just in case. 
Sampson, only having one wand left and seeing Asantra was back on the heroes’ side, began to feel desperate.  He looked around and suddenly came across the pieces of the broken bridal on the ground. With an evil grin Sampson aimed his wand just past the heroes and began to reassemble the bridal. From the sky Asantra saw what Sampson was doing and attempted to stop him but she got there too late. The bridal was reassembled. Gleefully Sampson transported the bridal from its current location to his hands just as Asantra got there. Since she was too far away to grab the bridal from Sampson, Asantra wondered if she could undo the spell he just used. When she tried nothing happened. The bridal was once again unbreakable by magic. Thinking quickly, Asantra, using her own magic this time, created a small, controlled tornado which she used to try to rip the bridal out of his hands but Sampson held it tight. The only option now was to fight him for it. Getting off Air Raid, Asantra raced towards Sampson. 
Golden Flame tried to grab the bridal with her teeth only for Sampson to quickly shove it onto her head. Once more Golden Flame was wearing the bridal…sort of. The bridal fit loosely and upon shaking her head it fell right off. Sampson picked it up confused. He was still trying to figure it out when Asantra arrived and proceeded to grab the bridal from him. “It was broken anyway.” Sampson said.  
Ignoring him Asantra said, “Golden Flame, take the Other Realm dragons home.”
“She’s right,” Black Cat said, “The dragons still might not be safe here. Though the bridal didn’t work this last time there could be a way to fix it or another way to control dragons in this world.” 
Golden Flame nodded and flew off with the Other Realm dragons following closely behind. Just before Air Raid took off for home with the rest of the dragons, Asantra stopped him. Giving him the bridal she said, “Deliver this either to Turtle herself or give it to Ally to take back to Turtle.” Ally was Air Raid’s witch as he was her familiar and Turtle was the Head of the Witches Council in the Other Realm. Asantra knew as long as the bridal got to Turtle it would be safe. “Okay,” Air Raid replied taking the bridal from her and flying off to join the other dragons. Now all that was left to do was to get the last wand from Sampson and officially defeat him and Ryder. Then she and Heroes United would be able to focus on defeating the other villains and the Ulnath.
Chapter 38
Now more than ever Morzu understood why so many cultures feared the darkness for he too would be frightened if he wasn’t in control of it. But he was and such power made him as unique as he was dangerous. A smile like none ever worn was upon his face as he looked to where the sun used to shine. Since the creation of this world the sun had dictated when darkness fell but not anymore, that power was now solely his. He had left Ebulon not with speed but with a surprise. After creating the shadow that consumed all from Ebulon to Sorn Field he wanted to make a grand entrance, the kind worthy of a new god. 
He was amazed by his new creation, a massive floating platform forged from shadow. It was as wide as a mountaintop and far more ominous to look upon. This was his chariot, the vehicle that would carry him through the heavens, giving him the ideal view of a world that was his to change how he saw fit. He had left Ebulon covered in shadow but with its walls still standing. He wouldn’t spare it for long though, he would destroy it and enjoy doing so. But such an enjoyment wouldn’t be complete without Oos to see its destruction, hence why he had allowed it to remain standing. Morzu had brought his chariot to Sorn Field glad that he had done so for he could see the slaughter his shadow was bringing about. His eyes took their time, he didn’t want to miss any Ebulon soldier dying and many were. Whether by the hand of Ulnath, one of his shadow creations or the Red Army Ebulon soldiers and refugees were dying in droves. Their situation was bad enough that when Morzu arrived, his floating platform bringing a second layer of darkness, few had looked up to witnessed it. They couldn’t spare the precious seconds if they wanted to keep living. 
All Morzu really cared about was one head being raised, the one that belonged to Oos. Oos had risen his head, looking right into Morzu’s dark glowing eyes. Morzu could see pride in them as well as enjoyment, the kind of enjoyment that until this moment Morzu had never seen from Oos. It had meant a lot to him to see a similar look in the eyes of Krovin. But the difference between his satisfaction was like a scrap of bronze compared to a mountain of gold. He had done what he had been raised to do and that look of pride from Oos meant more to him than even the powers he now wielded. He closed his eyes, wanting his other senses to enjoy the feelings of the Shadow Stone to the utmost as he searched his head for dreams. He could make them all a reality now, he could even dream things that he once thought impossible. 
He had invigorated the Red Lady and the soldiers who had accompanied her to Ebulon with new found power for those fools with the sack strips deserved to die. But the Red Army wouldn’t be spared in his new world, none of the other world villains would either. They had been useful to the Ulnath but they were no longer needed and once Ebulon was destroyed they too would die. He hadn’t forgotten that the other world villains had searched Za-xayek without asking permission, each of them in one way or another had tried to take advantage of his people and they would pay dearly for that. Perhaps even when this world was taken and all the enemies of the Ulnath dealt with Morzu would travel to the other worlds, it seemed a little selfish to keep his new powers in just one world. His smile widened as he thought about the Shadow of All Worlds, because he was planning on making it the shadow that covered all worlds. Intoxicating him like a gallon of wine, he kept his eyes closed just thinking about all the endless possibilities that were his to take, whenever he wanted, wherever he wanted. His serenity was interrupted by a loud clashing sound, forged by his raised right arm and a sword that had been aimed for his head. 
He opened his eyes slowly, as if waking from the world’s greatest dream. Morzu looked into the eerie green eyes of his attacker with a smile that would chill the darkest of souls. 
“I suppose you are expecting me to say that I am not surprised that you finally attacked who brought you into this world, I was aware of your taunts as all Ulnath were…” His smile widened as his eyes narrowed. “But you’re not Aneeku…are you?”
The way the last two words came out seemed to crawl into Edo Volis’ ears like parasites, after they had been heard they felt like their were festering inside his mind changing and challenging his very identity. Edo Volis had never had his sword blocked like that before with the simple raising of an arm. Voak had been able to stop his sword by simply grasping it with his hand, he had felt the darkness of Voak when that occurred but this was a very different kind of darkness, it was older and frighteningly more powerful. He didn’t know how Morzu saw him coming, Edo Volis had chosen his attack carefully. Yet he was feeling like he was trying to cut a mountain in half with a butter knife. 
His sword hadn’t made a single indent into Morzu’s armor but it still felt trapped, even his hands and arms were beginning to feel shackled to something unseen. Though Morzu didn’t move an inch Edo Volis felt a pulse of power coming from him, one that took Edo Volis from the air and threw him onto the platform. 
As he landed he could feel the darkness digging into his back, like the platform itself was filled with murderous intent. The feeling went beyond the flesh of the body he had possessed, the shadows were almost like wraiths themselves attacking his very soul. As painful as it was unpleasant Edo Volis quickly leapt to his feet, his eyes right back upon his enemy. Morzu slowly lowered his arm, but apart from that made no further motion. Refusing to be rattled Edo Volis opened his mouth, spewing forth a plethora of green mist. Like the smoke from a giant’s tobacco pipe the mist consumed all before him. He would rot the smile right off Morzu’s face. Arrogance had been apart of Voak’s downfall and it didn’t surprise him when it seemed the same could be said about Morzu.
As the mist had enveloped him Morzu still hadn’t moved, something that didn’t bother Edo Volis. But as the green began to clear like a morning mist Edo Volis was greatly bothered by what he saw. Morzu flinched slightly as his cheeks rotted open but like a zombie opening and closing its eyes the rot vanished as soon as it was formed, leaving Morzu’s skin flawless. Edo Volis was aware of what he had just seen but couldn’t comprehend it. Even Voak’s powers were defenseless against the mist. Edo Volis couldn’t move, not because of any dark spell he was just too disconcerted. 
He saw Morzu move but couldn’t explain his motions, long before the second was over Morzu was in front of him bringing the back of his hand into Edo Volis’ face. Driven off of his feet Edo bounced across the platform, each impact feeling like he had been thrown a thousand feet as he slid off of the platform’s edge. He had felt every ounce of the blow’s strength and it filled him with fear never felt before. The connection hadn’t been severed with Aneeku’s body but he couldn’t shake the feeling that Morzu had deliberately refused to allow the connection to break, like he was powerful enough to infect and maybe even control Edo Volis’ powers. No matter if it was the truth Edo Volis used it as best as he could, holding onto the edge of the platform with a single hand. He wanted to fly up and away from platform but the blow was that powerful he needed time to regain control of the possession. 
Morzu didn’t mind, his steps were slow, like he was walking on clouds and wanted to enjoy every minute of it. Edo Volis locked eyes with him, not wanting Morzu to vanish from his sight. Morzu took a few more slow steps only looking away when a roar of a dragon filled the air. It was an Ebulon dragon, a great purple beast of scales and fire. Dragons were the most revered and feared creatures this world had to offer, even the Ulnath were weary when tangling with them. As the dragon snapped its jaws opened and closed, descending in an attack towards Morzu he didn’t flinch. Raising a single finger a small jolt of darkness flew from his hand. Like a trained Hawk fetching a rabbit the darkness fell upon the dragon devouring it in an instant. A second passed and any trace of the once great beast was long gone. Seeing it die with such ease was more than enough to break Edo Volis’ stare, terrifying was the only word that came to mind when he thought of Morzu’s powers. If he could do that to a dragon what could he do to Edo Volis? It appeared that Edo Volis was about to find out. 
Morzu had taken another step but stopped halfway towards him. Edo Volis didn’t have to guess why, he could see the taunting sensation fill Morzu’s gaze, he had seen such a gaze in Voak’s eyes many times. Edo Volis didn’t look away, he made sure that his own face was expressionless. He could use this arrogance to his advantage, he had gotten control of Aneeku’s body once more and when Morzu was close enough he would spring his attack. Morzu may have possessed god-like power but he still had weaknesses, why else would he have bothered to block Edo Volis’ blade? That armor was impressive but there was nothing protecting his neck and Edo Volis had seen what Aneeku’s sword could cut through. Edo Volis had his old friend Toecch to thank for his observation skills, he used them to kill Voak and he would use them to kill Morzu. 
Before Morzu had taken another step a faint red glow appeared behind him, almost like the light of a crimson sun rising upon the world. Edo Volis was the first to notice it, watching as the air seemed to shiver like it was afraid. He narrowed his eyes as the air suddenly became quiet heated and if he was in his own body he would be drenched with sweat. Not a drop of perspiration fell from Morzu as the light increased causing dark shadows to frame his features. Suddenly Morzu turned raising his hand out before him as the entire platform became filled with a violent red. Edo Volis had little choice but to look away, this red energy felt as hot as the sun itself. It was that hot he could almost feel the heat bypassing through his own soul and burning his own body. The entire platform trembled under the power of the red energy, even the magical shadows could not ignore its might. An explosion occurred as deafening as it was destructive and Edo Volis almost lost his grip because of it. 
As he looked back the red energy began to clear and he felt breathless, if he had been on top of the platform Aneeku’s body would have disintegrated. Edo Volis was left slacked jawed, what in the name of Rrhulzinn was that? He thought to himself. His eyes didn’t wander they became stuck on the spot where he last saw Morzu, he had to have been dead, nothing could have survived that. A ghastly gasp left the mouth of the corpse when the impossible was before Edo Volis. Not only was Morzu still alive there wasn’t a scratch on him. Shadows pulsed like flashing lights all across his armor, indicating that it took some effort to block the red energy, but the sheer truth it was blocked was beyond startling. 
Edo Volis could see that Morzu was smiling and he followed his gaze looking to the other side of the platform where a tall, white haired man dressed in black stood. Edo Volis did notice that the back of his right hand was covered in a strange sun burnt red, but it was the man’s red eyes that were hard to look away from. 
“Ah…” Morzu said, his tone filled with dark pleasure. “I had almost forgotten about you, Cada Varl….” The smile left his face briefly as he said, “what I didn’t forget was how many Ulnath you killed.” There was a vicious edge to Morzu’s words. While Cada Varl didn’t show it, alarm drenched him like sweat. The red energy had caused mountains to crumble, killed hundreds if not thousands of enemies in a blink of an eye. Yet Morzu had blocked it with relative ease. Nothing had ever survived a full frontal blast of the energy in Noonsva, Cada Varl’s homeland. But Cada Varl told himself that this wasn’t his homeland, or even his world. It comforted him little as he kept his sword raised. Cada Varl had heard his threat but wouldn’t be shaken by it. 
“You should have stuck around at Ebulon,” Cada Varl began his voice as awe inspiring as it had ever been. “You could have seen just how many more Ulnath I killed.” Morzu stared long and hard wondering if Cada Varl was telling the truth or simply trying to rattle him. The smile returned when Morzu thought about how much he once feared this man, now he feared nothing. 
His eyes did narrow slightly when he noticed those red eyes were no longer looking at him but to somewhere beyond him. After both seeing and feeling the red energy Edo Volis abandoned his plan for a sneak attack, not wanting to get caught in the white haired man’s energy if he had decided to attack again. The whole situation felt quite surreal even to one capable of possessing the dead. Edo Volis had crawled up to stand upon the platform. He noticed that Cada Varl was staring right at him and so he stared back, having no idea who this red eyed man was and wondering why he was staring so. Edo Volis could see a flicker of recognition in those red eyes but couldn’t place why. 
Cada Varl knew he had seen that face before, but struggled to place it, his memory was a strange beast, one he had never quite tamed. Then it struck him and his eyes widened. 
“Aneeku!” Cada Varl’s voice was now more like a growl, a beastly sound that struck Edo Volis to his core. Cada Varl hadn’t had a chance to acquire that other world villains had come to the aid of the Ulnath so he had no idea Aneeku had come to this world. To Cada Varl this betrayer of humanity was bad enough, but the idea the blood thirsty Aneeku was running around this world as well made a chill go through him. Edo Volis raised his free hand now realizing that the red eyed man must have come from the same world as the corpse he possessed. 
“I’m not Aneeku, my name is Edo Volis!” There was desperation in his voice, well deserved as far as he was concerned, he didn’t want to have to fight both Morzu and this red eyed man. Cada Varl studied him for a long moment, the voice he spoke with sounded like the tune of a grave. Aneeku was dead Cada Varl had killed him himself and while the voice didn’t sound like Aneeku’s its tone sounded like one who had been raised from the dead anyway. 
Morzu kept his smile as he looked back and forth between Edo Volis and Cada Varl, considering them both fools. 
“As much as I would enjoy seeing the two of you slash each other apart, I will inform you that he is telling the truth. I don’t know if Edo Volis is his real name but he isn’t Aneeku. I got to admit even I am a little impressed, even the Ulnath aren’t capable of necromancy.” Cada Varl had heard this term, he had heard several legends about raising the dead in his own world, but again he told himself this wasn’t his world. If things such as orcs were thriving in this world, why not necromancers? 
Morzu now turned fully back to face Cada Varl the slight action was enough to make the red eyed man raise his sword slightly and tighten his grasp. 
“I now see why Aneeku was so cocky when he was alive,” Morzu began. “If he fought the likes of you and survived he had ever right to be arrogant.” The truth was Aneeku hadn’t survived their encounter but Cada Varl didn’t bother correcting Morzu, he hadn’t traveled all the way to the Shadow of All Worlds for a conversation. Morzu glanced over his shoulder briefly as he said, “Feel free to attack me Edo Volis I will kill you soon enough…” His voice became considerably darker before he said, “but Cada Varl will be the first to die.” 
Believing that Cada Varl would summon the red energy to defend himself Edo Volis was quick to ascend into the air, wanting to get out of his path.  But Cada Varl didn’t summon the red energy, he didn’t have time to. Morzu was upon him long before the moment was over. Edo Volis witnessed the way he moved, consumed by shadow, the movement was like a gigantic demon blinking its eye, drowning the world in darkness briefly. Edo Volis was amazed that Cada Varl had seen him coming, the red eyed man wasn’t knocked off of his feet thrusting his sword upon Morzu’s chosen path. Morzu blocked the blade with his hand like it was as blunt as a broom handle. It reminded Edo Volis of how Voak had once blocked his own sword in a similar way. But it still shook him to his very soul to see it. 
Cada Varl was wide-eyed, the expression so rarely was upon his face it seemed magnified in its intensity. Cada Varl was holding his sword with both hands yet it wasn’t budging, Morzu had complete control of it. Slowly with the speed of the hour hand of a clock Morzu began pushing the blade towards Cada Varl’s throat. A smile sown by sin was spread from cheek to cheek on Morzu’s face. Cada Varl had once toyed with Krovin and the other Ulnath by showing off his physical strength and speed, now Morzu was going to make him suffer for it. Cada Varl had rarely faced anyone or anything whose strength so easily surpassed his own. Yet he refused to flinch, Cada Varl refused to show weakness, though it was obvious how out powered he was. 
Edo Volis couldn’t allow this to happen and took action, descending in a rush his sword was ready to remove Morzu’s head right off of his body. Before the sword could even be swung Morzu raised his elbow, sending a stream of shadows to attack Edo Volis. His charge was slain and Edo Volis had little choice but to smack the shadows away, they came fast and hard, he felt their strength every time his sword made contact. The last shadow bypassed his blade completely hitting him in the chest with the power of a battering ram. Again he smacked against the floor of the platform with the grace of a potato sack. He had seen Morzu glance briefly towards him but that is all he needed to make his shadow attacks accurate. Edo Volis tried to rush back on his feet but the shadow attacks did unspoken things to him, they were like the walls of a maze he had to figure his way around before he regained full control. 
Cada Varl had seen him fall but couldn’t do anything to help him, he had few options to help himself! With the blade getting ever so closer to his throat Cada Varl brought his boot up into Morzu’s chest. The power of the blow was great enough that it reverberated all through the platform, Edo Volis felt like an earthquake had been summoned underneath him. But the strength of the attack didn’t do anything to Morzu, his smile widened like the blow had tickled. Cada Varl remained wide-eyed, his mind demanding that it was a mere illusion. He kicked again, the platform shook again and again Morzu didn’t move. Morzu laughed, a collection of sounds darker than a bottomless well. He had seen what this kick could do and yet it felt like nothing to him, the power of the Shadow Stone was greater than he ever imagined. Edo Volis watched on as Cada Varl kicked again and again. Edo Volis frantically wondered why Cada Varl didn’t just summon the red energy, Morzu may have been able to block it but it would have rattled him long enough for Cada Varl to get free. Then he understood why, it was the same reason Edo Volis hadn’t summoned the mist to attack Morzu. Cada Varl would have been caught in the wake of the mist and if he used the red energy Edo Volis would be an innocent victim. Seeing how close the blade was coming to Cada Varl’s flesh Edo Volis demanded of himself to get up and get away, give Cada Varl a chance to summon it. Edo Volis would have left Aneeku’s body and returned to his own, but Cada Varl wouldn’t know he had done so, making the practice useless. Edo Volis managed to get to his knees, still trying to find his way out from the dungeon that possessed him. 
“Ever since we met under the Tower of Ebulon I was wondering how you bleed? Guess I am about to find out.” Morzu said satisfied he had tormented the red eyed man enough and now it was time to kill him. He locked eyes with Cada Varl, the red eyed man didn’t give Morzu the satisfaction of seeing his eyes lower Cada Varl would stare right at him until the moment he died, hoping he would haunt Morzu until the end of his days.
Suddenly Morzu looked away from Cada Varl his free arm raised in the air, his fingers wrapped around the throat of someone. To Cada Varl’s eyes, the young green-eyed man dressed in black suddenly appeared seemingly out of thin air. But Morzu had seen Kae, in his secondary form floating over the platform, watching and waiting for his chance to strike. He could see the red energy that Kae used, a much different breed to the power of Cada Varl. When Kae had reappeared his face instantly reddened, the air literally being squeezed out of him. His expression was a mask of pain as his sword flailed like a fin in his now lowered hand. 
“Ah…” Morzu said slowly, wanting the torment of the syllable to last as long as possible. “The traitor, the one who answered my call only to run off and tell Ebulon of our plans…” He watched Kae squirm within his grasp, pleased greatly there was nothing Kae could do to free himself. “Your death won’t be swift, Kae…that I promise you!” Like an arrogant noble who had just sipped wine too sour Morzu threw Kae to the ground like he was a worthless goblet. Kae didn’t slide but bounced two times, each impact riddling his body with agony. 
“Kae!” Edo Volis bellowed having just gotten to his feet. He rushed forward his sword at the ready. But remembering what had happened to him the last time he was quick to get out of the path of the pulse of shadows that Morzu summoned against him. Moving to be alongside Kae, Edo Volis helped him sit up as Kae desperately rubbed his throat. “Are you alright?” Edo Volis asked in his other worldly voice. 
“I don’t know if I am alright,” Kae spat through gritted teeth. “But I am alive.” He didn’t know what it was exactly but he had felt more than just the vice like grip of Morzu, the strangulation had felt like their were tiny little blades slashing at the inside of his throat. 
“So,” Kae said as he got to his knees. He pointed at Aneeku’s body. “That is how you keep Denarchia safe?” 
“Indeed it is,” Edo Volis replied, neither man daring to take their eyes off of Morzu. 
“Good to see that Aneeku’s body could be of use.” Kae said, still proud he had taken the red masked one’s despicable life. Morzu had only taken his eyes off of Kae briefly to witness Edo attempt another attack, now he was staring back at the traitor, thinking of all the ways he would make Kae suffer. 
A booming sound as loud as thunder consumed the air as Cada Varl drove his fist into Morzu’s cheek. The attack was monstrously powerful but it only managed to cause Morzu’s head to jerk back slightly. Slowly Morzu looked back at the red eyed man, annoyed Cada Varl had exploited his momentary lapse in concentration. He punished such exploitation with the back of his hand, smacking Cada Varl’s face like he was an insolent child. A second crack of thunder filled the air as Cada Varl was launched off of his feet landing with the weight of a boulder between Kae and Edo Volis. Frantically the two men looked down at Cada Varl, both relieved and amazed that life was still in his eyes. Cada Varl grunted loudly his body poisoned by pain as he sat up, spitting out a whole bucket of blood. 
“Stay down you’re clearly hurt,” Kae said having seen his fair share of blood loss.
“It will take more than the back hand of a brat to incapacitate me,” Cada Varl replied truthfully even though his mind was racing with concern, he had never faced an enemy with this kind of strength before. 
“I am glad to hear it,” Edo Volis said. 
“So you’re the one who killed Aneeku?” Cada Varl asked Kae, having overheard Kae and Edo’s brief conversation. 
“Yes I did,” Kae replied, believing the red eyed man was from the same world as the red masked one. 
“You did the right thing,” Cada Varl replied. 
“I know,” Kae said darkly. Looking at Morzu, he reminded him of Aneeku in more ways than one but especially his arrogance. Kae had been able to use Aneeku’s arrogance against him in their battle, his own second sight powers had done away with his red masked enemy. But Morzu wasn’t afraid of the red energy nor would he yield to it.  
Seeing Cada Varl and Edo Volis stand. Kae joined them and together their swords were raised towards their common enemy. Seeing this Morzu kept his smile, he had never been this happy in his whole life. He thought about the worlds where these three came from, how feared and revered they must have been considered. But to him their swords were as intimidating as toothpicks, a last ditch pathetic effort to stop an oncoming boulder with needles. 
Wanting to see those swords snap like the toothpicks he considered them he raised his arm summoning a shadow in a flash of power. Like a monstrous worm the shadow spiraled through the air towards them with the speed of a shooting star. He could hear a collective gasp come from all three of them, they were united in the oncoming destruction. With barely a foot between the shadow and the three targets the worm seemed to strike something as if someone had summoned a near-invisible wall before them. 
A moment passed and the strange faintly glowing wall shattered, but it had given the three swordsmen the moment they needed to get out of the shadow’s path. It spiraled between Cada Varl and Kae, both men jerking their bodies violently to ensure their safety. The shadow didn’t explode so much as consume itself creating a sound behind them that was offensive in countless ways. Turning back to face Morzu they still weren’t sure what had summoned the wall, but both were grateful for it.
Edo Volis however wasn’t looking at Morzu he was staring at the wall’s summoner, a fine black terrier whose full length blue cape slowly danced in the wind.
“Star Power,” Edo Volis proclaimed acknowledging the name of their savior. Star Power turned his head slightly but kept his body facing Morzu, revealing to the three men his face was covered mostly by a well made mask, leaving only his floppy ears and muzzle free of the material. 
“Edo Volis,” Star Power replied. 
“Glad you came,” Edo Volis replied, having seen the powers of several members of Heroes United for himself the words rang true. Feeling that Kae and Cada Varl were staring at him Star Power glanced to Kae, but his eyes rested upon those of Cada Varl’s. The red eyed man watched the terrier as the star image on his forehead glowed and from that light imagery sprang forth. Cada Varl had never seen anything quite like it, the images weren’t dark and cold like shadows, but there was a ghostly sense about them. Cada Varl knew these images well, they were of his battle with Fang and Scratch.
Seemingly as soon as they were summoned they ended, now all three men seemed perplexed by what they just saw. 
“No,” Star Power began. “I have no allegiance with the creatures you fought, they were as much my enemy as this man!” Star Power turned his head and growled at Morzu who kept his smile. Meanwhile Cada Varl realized that Star Power must have read his thoughts, for as soon as he had seen the terrier he pondered if the dog was an ally to the creatures he had killed in Ebulon. In another time or day Cada Varl would have asked Star Power about his powers, considering them truly unique but there was an enemy to fight, one that was proving himself more powerful than any one of them. 
Morzu was in little rush to see the fight end, time was no longer something he had to be concerned about. And much like the gods he had heard about in his life he was enjoying seeing his weakling enemies squirm so much. Star Power was beginning to feel the concern that his three new companions felt. While his forcefields certainly weren’t indestructible, he had never seen one broken that easily before. He growled at the thoughts in his mind. 
Star Power had carefully read the mind of King Yadi, making sure he wasn’t seen doing so. He had seen just how much the king was conflicted about his son. Star Power had seen Yadi’s memories, times when he had held his new born son and sung him to sleep, the king certainly had a lovely voice. As a member of Heroes United he took pride in keeping the universe from evil, but that also included protecting those who had been corrupted by evil as well. He had seen Asantra consumed by the darkness inside of her as well, but he had also seen her be redeemed, was such a chance possible for Morzu? 
Needing to know he focused his mind wanting to read the thoughts of Morzu. But in place of the star glowing in a familiar way it began to change into a nameless shape, flashing with dark disturbing colours. Pain exploded in Star Power's head and he began yelping and barking uncontrollably. Kae was quick to rest a hand on Star Powers back, he never had met a talking dog before but he had been around enough of them to know how calming and comforting a pat could be. Feeling the hand in truth did little for Star Power but he welcomed it as little by little the pain went away. He began to pant heavily as the light faded, his mind drowned in a sea of panic. He looked back to Morzu in a deadly silence, never wanting to experience such pain again. It disturbed him to his very core, the whole experience felt like his mind was being strangled. It was like by trying to read Morzu’s thoughts he had opened his mind to attack and Morzu didn’t waste the opportunity. 
Morzu chuckled softly, a series of sounds as revolting as regurgitation. Star Power’s little stunt had done more for Morzu than inflict pain on the mutt, somehow it brought him new knowledge and he realized that the priest Rhaldan had actually tried to gain control of Oos. If the priest was still in this world and hadn’t run off like a coward Morzu would’ve enjoyed making him scream in front of Oos. Why should being in another world stop me? Morzu thought realizing he was discovering more and more abilities that the stone gave him, such as knowledge he never should have known. After he was done here, he would be sure to tell Oos about Rhaldan’s attempted deception. He was sure Oos would have no problem with him visiting Rhaldan’s world and making an example out of him. But that fun was for later, he had four victims in front of him, the possibilities he thought as his smile widened. 
In response to this Star Power summoned another forcefield, ensuring it was large enough to protect Edo Volis, Kae and Cada Varl as well. Morzu shook his head slightly, were they so fresh out of powers already that they had to rely on such a desperate shield? Morzu was ready to raise his hand and summon another shadow worm when he noticed that no one was looking at him, they were looking behind him. Moving his head in such a direction what he saw was enough to warrant his whole body turning to face it. 
Pebbles, dozens if not a hundred of them were now floating in the air just outside the platform, to him they almost looked like dull gray stars in a strange horizontal sky. But through the spaces between the pebbles he could see a shorthaired black cat. It wore a magnificent blue cape over a strange green shirt with big bold letters in black that read BC. It didn’t take him long to understand the flying feline was somehow controlling the pebbles. He then understood why Star Power had summoned the forcefield. 
The pebbles came hard and fast like angry hail, striking his armor with great violence. He understood how deadly of an attack this normally would’ve been but after withstanding the kicks of Cada Varl they felt like nothing to him. They did however hinder his vision and that is what the cat was after. She flew forth readying her claws to cut that smile right off his face. She orchestrated the pebbles perfectly, controlling each one to keep her like a thief in the night. As she reached him it seemed to be working, he would suffer like he had made all those below him suffer. But at the last moment, completely against her will the remaining pebbles disintegrated like splinters in an inferno. 
With nothing between them now Morzu raised his hand, shadows pointed out from his fingertips like claws as they struck her face. Flinching in agony she hissed as loudly as thunder, being sent violently away from him like she was struck by tornado wind. 
“Black Cat!” Star Power barked like a bellow, seeing the agony on his companion’s face. Black Cat wasn’t struck to the ground, remaining in the air but far away from Morzu. She shook her head as she hissed, trying to make sense of what had just happened. That is when she felt it, the cold vile consumption of blood in her mouth.
This wasn’t the blood of her enemy, their wasn’t a scratch on him. This was her own blood. Tasting it wasn’t enough she had to see it and as the blood trickled out of her mouth her green eyes became as wide as moons. This was impossible, she had the powers of invulnerability. But he had injured her like she was as vulnerable as a newborn kitten. She now felt the dread that the other four gathered were feeling, Morzu could by pass each of their powers with frightening ease. She was beginning to feel mortal, something she clearly didn’t care for. 
“You certainly look like him, so much so that at first I mistook you for Crimson Claw, it’s a pity really, I now know he betrayed our cause and is the reason why the dragons now attack my kind!” Without taking his eyes off of the feline he pointed back to the others. “I will just have to let you live long enough to see what I am going to do to the one called Kae. You can describe it to Crimson Claw in fine detail, I want him to know what I do with traitors!” Though Star Power kept the forcefield raised Kae took a deep breath, he was no coward, but he would be lying if he didn’t admit such words rattled him. 
Lowering his arm Morzu turned so that he was now side on to all 5 of them. His eyes moved with the slyness of a serpent, looking back and forth to each of them. 
“For so called heroes you certainly like to attack someone when their back is turned,” he taunted. He could see the grasp tightened on the swords, he could hear Star Power growl and Black Cat hiss. “What are you waiting for?” he taunted again. “Are any of you going to attack or what?” This third taunt was like the blowing of a war horn as all five of them either leapt or flew towards him. 
Chapter 39
“Do not worry about cleaning it, the blood has dried over anyway it would be a waste of good cloth, they’re worse injured than me, never mind about stitching up my other wounds just plug them good and tight!” The strong words came from the mouth of Juruz, the medics working on him heard his words well. 
“Captain,” one said sternly, believing Juruz didn’t realize how injured he actually was. “You’re arm is broken in several places.” 
“It matters not, I can still wield a weapon in my other hand, just tie a shield to my broken arm, don’t waste good cloth just use leather, it shall work fine.” The medic shook her head, it was against everything she knew about anatomy and healing, but Captain Juruz was hard to say no to, especially when he spoke with such furore. 
To say he was in a bad way was an understatement, there was over a dozen wounds on his body. He had only left the thick of the fighting when he had been dragged away, screaming in defiance, by his fellow soldiers. His once well-made armor had taken enough blows that it was cracked and broken in many places. He wasn’t an idiot, he could feel the sharp flares of pain across his body. His limbs pleaded with his mind to allow them rest, but Juruz would have none of it, the enemy was still many. Juruz had actually planned on returning back to Ebulon, but when the shadow fell over the field and the Ulnath multiplied like cockroaches he had chosen to stay, if they weren’t stopped here they would run over Ebulon like a horse across a colony of ants. 
He had little concern for his own well being his focus now was upon Yadi. The king had passed out in his arms and no amount of medicine or magic was able to awaken him. He had brought the king to these tents and left him in the care of the medics before returning to the battlefield, knowing the king wouldn’t survive the journey back to Ebulon. From where Juruz sat, his legs covered in just as much of his own blood as that of his enemies, he could see Yadi upon the table. His armor had been stripped from his body revealing the once fine materials of his garments utterly drenched in his own blood. Doctor Ceros, Luzon and several mages anxiously worked together in a bid to stop the bleeding. Doctor Ceros was sweating, even though there was little humidity in the air, the perspiration was his body trying to deal with the concern he felt. Yadi’s wound was nasty, a wound he had seen many women and men die from. The blood continued to flow like the descending larva of a volcano. 
“Why won’t the bleeding stop?” a mage asked, anxiously, her tone nervous.
“Because there is more damage than we can see,” Ceros said gruffly, his hands working as quickly as possible, scooping up instruments and other such things as he fought against the flow of blood. 
“You will be able to save him though right?” the mage called Soin asked. Ceros took a long breath but didn’t say anything, clearly a grave sign. Yadi was motionless, his breaths weak and near silent. 
“There must be something more you can do!” the female mage demanded. 
“We are doing the best we can!” Luzon spat back. “Frankly I am surprised he isn’t dead already,” Luzon fell into a hush, the words like needles in his mouth. It was a callous thing to say but he couldn’t hide such a truth. 
The revelation fell like hail upon everyone in earshot, including Juruz. No longer did he bellow and grunt through the pain, he became very silent. His eyes narrowed, almost flinching, but not quite as he looked back at the battlefield. The added might of the freed dragons, the greatest beasts of this world hadn’t turned the battle back in their favor. The Ulnath forged from shadow continued to multiply and for each one that was killed they took 3 refugees or Ebulon soldiers with them. The battle was becoming all out slaughter, the refugees and soldiers fought bravely, but it wasn’t enough, not against the darkness that consumed the battlefield. As Juruz glanced upwards he wished he could see the sun, just like his former lieutenant Ulka always spoke about. 
The sun was nowhere to be seen, the darkness had long consumed the sky. The only thing in his ascended vision was the large platform where Viadi fought against the otherworld heroes. Juruz couldn’t stomach the idea that the man in the armor, the one who had brought this darkness was of the same blood as his king. There was more darkness within Morzu than just the power of the Shadow Stone. Juruz could almost smell the corruption the Ulnath had instilled within him. He looked back momentarily to the battlefield where he saw dozens of Ebulon Soldiers butchered in moments, it would only be a matter of time before there was none left standing. As he looked back to the fight above he was filled with the bitterness of irony. 
He had been the most opposed to calling for aid from these heroes and now they were the only ones with any chance of ending this darkness. Having known Cada Varl the best, he was unnerved by how easily Morzu was beating the group of heroes. He respected how vehemently the otherworld heroes fought, they got knocked down hard many times over and each time they got back up and fought on. He hoped they would succeed although it was at best a vague hope. 
“What’s wrong?” the woman mage asked, bringing Juruz’s attention back towards his king. He didn’t like what he saw one bit. What the Captain was to battle Ceros was to medicine, the greatest Ebulon had to offer. Now he was standing with the instruments raised, his face a mask of bewildered fear. 
“What is it?” Luzon asked before peering down and finding the answer for himself. This was no time for waiting the mage spoke with sharp words. “What is it?”
Ceros shook his head, a slow heavy gesture that was unnerving. “Something…is happening to the wound…” 
Chapter 40 
Kae was moving through the air, he had done so countless times in his life, but this was unique because he wasn't in control and he was filled with indescribable pain. Morzu had smacked him with surreal strength sending him off of his feet. 
Kae landed upon the platform without grace, feeling like a nail attacked by a hammer. Air remained in his body, but it felt panicked and confused leaving his body riddled with pain that couldn’t be cleansed simply by hard breathing. He grunted the entire time as he got to his knees. Time and time again Morzu had gotten the better of him as he had done with each of the otherworld heroes. To say the powers of the Shadow Stone were terrifying was the grossest understatement one could make. 
Desperate to get back on his feet and rejoin the fight Kae was temporarily confused by the sound of panting. Next to him was Star Power, a little bloody, definitely bruised but not beaten. Like Kae Star Power’s abilities had proven at best mere annoyances to the maniacal Morzu. 
“This isn’t working,” Star Power growled. “We need to start working as a team if we are to have any chance. The Heroes United became a vastly better fighting force when we started using our powers together instead of randomly.” 
Kae understood the sentiment, the Protectors had survived and defeated many powerful enemies rarely because of an individual’s strength but a collective attempt by all of them. But such chemistry took time to create, Kae knew this, he had bonded with Edo Volis when they had traveled together to gather the refugees. But until the fight on the platform he had never stood alongside him in battle, this was of major importance, with the exception of Black Cat and Star Power none of them had ever fought side by side before. 
“He is a monster,” Star Power said through heavy pants, shaken greatly how Morzu was so easily hurting his friend Black Cat, even her powers of invulnerability couldn’t keep her safe from his power. “If only he had a weakness, something we could exploit,” Star Power said wincing, as Cada Varl was struck so hard it looked like his skull was about to shatter. “Just something we could use against him,” Star Power added in great frustration. 
Out of the otherworld heroes Kae had been the only one to visit Za-xayek and thus had seen Morzu in his more private moments. Because of this knowledge he was able to say, “Morzu wants nothing more than to be accepted by the Ulnath, he seems willing to do anything to impress the Ulnath leader Oos…he becomes as pathetic as a puppy wanting a pat on the head when he is with him.” 
Kae had known this all along and had tried multiple times in this battle to put certain thoughts in Morzu’s mind. Not only hadn’t it worked, but each time Kae had tried it his own mind was invaded by the darkness of the shadow, filling him with fears and feelings he had never felt before and never wanted to feel again. The Shadow Stone’s power could override the Life Force like a title wave upon a campfire. Better than ever, Kae understood now why Rhaldan had wanted the power and he was grateful Morzu hadn’t shared its full extent with the Head Priest. One being with this kind of power was bad enough. Through these thoughts he could feel Star Power’s gaze upon him and it was strong enough to bring him back to the moment at hand. 
“Oh…sorry,” Kae said sincerely, realizing such phrasing would be insulting to Star Power. Kae had forgotten whom he was talking to, but that was the point! Star Power didn’t use the Life Force, his powers were something else entirely. “Star Power, that image you showed earlier of Cada Varl fighting those strange creatures, did you witness that for yourself?” 
“No,” Star Power began. “I read his mind and projected the image outwards.”
“That would mean you can read my mind as well?” 
When Kae was answered by silence he was concerned until he saw the star image glow briefly. 
“Ah,” Star Power began. “That’s rather quite clever Kae,” Star Power added, revealing he had just read Kae’s mind. “Far from a certainty though,” Star Power pointed out. 
“I know,” Kae replied looking back to the battle. “But at the least it is a start.”
Cada Varl was still wincing after being struck, doing his best to hide the agony that surely must have filled him. Morzu found it amusing, this great red eyed man looked no more than a pompous child trying to appear tough. Even his sword swings, once swift and severing seemed as skilled as a child swinging a stick. At least to Morzu they were, and he was aware he was the only one that could make this Cada Varl appear like this.
The same could be said about Black Cat. Her swipes would seem like a blur to any one else, but to him they were slow and sluggish, easily blocked, easily countered. 
Finding it funny how Cada Varl grunted when he was hit Morzu swatted him away, watching as the man in black bounced upon the platform before coming to a violent stop. He saw Kae crawl towards Cada Varl and it made Morzu’s mouth water. In their own worlds these two were considered some of the greatest fighters in the lands, but compared to him they were nothing. Let them huddle together like the refugees the Red Army slaughtered, he thought. 
Turning his attention to the annoying Edo Volis he blocked every one of the sword strikes with the back of his hand before driving it into Aneeku’s dead face. He didn’t bother to watch Edo Volis fall, the noises he made weren’t as entertaining as Cada Vada’s. This left only Black Cat still challenging him at the moment and she wasn’t much of a venture. 
She was frantically attacking with her claws above him, they weren’t so much as leaving a blemish on his raised arm. Was this cat really so stupid to not realize her attacks weren’t working? He wondered, deciding he would give her half a minute to change her tactics otherwise he would strike her down for with having the powers of a god Morzu no longer cared for boredom. 
25 seconds later the only thing that changed was Black Cat noticed the boredom in his eyes and hissed in anger. To him this was amusing, this great super hero was no more a threat to him than a common cat! He hissed back, more than merely mocking, the Shadow Stone powers were so great that even his spittle became shadow, launching upon Black Cat like a thousand black needles. Her skin was like weak cloth against them and as blood peppered her features she descended with dangerous speed. As she fell to the platform he kicked her, a cruel act that filled him with happiness. As she rolled helplessly across and off the platform, he raised his head, looking at the darkness of the sky, the darkness he had created. 
The laughing that came from him seemed to shake the entire world, sounding like the thunder of a malice storm. He could laugh whenever he wanted to, because there was no one who could stop him. He didn’t know how long he laughed for, nor did he care, he could have laughed for the rest of eternity. The notion seduced him more and he kept laughing, not stopping to take breath, because he didn’t have to! He felt beyond immortal, he felt invincible. 
He lowered his eyes expecting to see the otherworld heroes all huddled together, waiting for his judgement. But his eyes fell upon Cada Varl who was standing alone, his sword lowered but held tightly. Seeing this stopped his laughter, not because he didn’t find Cada Varl’s defiance amusing, he did. He was just now bored knowing Cada Varl was going to use the same dull tactic against him. Morzu had had fun with these otherworld heroes, but best to end it before exhilaration gave way to ennui. It was fitting, he did say he was going to kill Cada Varl first anyway. 
He watched as light appeared, but not from Cada Varl. Walls of energy were being formed on either side of the red eyed man. Knowing what they were Morzu smiled, shaking his head in disappointment. 
“What’s a matter Star Power?” Morzu asked, not bothering to look away from Cada Varl. “Have I beaten you so badly that you can no longer see straight? Those walls aren’t even positioned in the right way, there is nothing stopping me from reaching Cada Varl.” He wasn’t answered by words but by the appearance of a third force field. Its placing was strange enough that even this new god was momentarily confused by it. The third force field was placed like a roof upon the other two creating almost a hallway between Cada Varl and Morzu. He looked back to the red eyed man wondering if he really had beaten Star Power’s brains so badly the dog had become insane. 
Then with great speed Cada Varl summoned the red energy, causing the strange red rash to cover the rest of his arm and part of his bare chest. The platform shook under the power of the red energy like before. But unlike before the red energy didn’t ascend into the air or spread like a wave, it remained jam packed by the force fields and the amount of pressure it was under caused the energy to strike forth like an inferno through a tunnel of hay. Immediately Morzu could feel how much more powerful this blast was compared to any Cada Varl had used before against him. Now because of those force fields the destructive capabilities were concerted into a much smaller and precise area. Because of this Morzu used both of his hands against the blast, stopping it from doing him harm, but the increase in power felt ten-fold. His arms shook slightly against it but he was far from worried because though clever there was no possible way this attack would overwhelm him. 
He could feel the words, ‘nice try’ being summoned to his lips until his ears overheard another sound. The great strangling gasp of Edo Volis could be heard over the strange raging sound of Cada Varl’s red energy. The necromancer was spewing forth that foul green mist he liked to use behind Morzu. Without force fields to contain it the mist covered the entire platform and Morzu could feel it trying to take effect on him. Though Cada Varl’s compact energy kept his hands busy, thus forcing him to concentrate the shadows as a kind of shield to protect himself from rotting, neither attack had any chance of ending his life and he knew it. 
Before him his vision was filled with the great red energy and on all other sides he could see nothing more than the green smoke. Which was why his vision was so immediately drawn to the light that shone on his right side. It wasn’t the light that caught his attention so much as what the light illuminated. It was Oos, standing within the mist, a look of utter contempt and disappointment on his eerie face. 
For the first time since claiming the Shadow Stone Morzu felt small and weak, how had he failed his great mentor? He was toying with the other world heroes to embarrass them. He would make them suffer as he would make all of Ebulon suffer, he was trying to make Oos proud, how could Oos not be impressed? Suddenly he saw another figure stepping into view behind Oos a knife in his hand. 
“No!” Morzu screamed as the figure buried the blade into Oos’ neck. The leader of the Ulnath fell with a silent scream on his lips. Morzu gasped as loudly as a scream when he saw the figure’s face, it was…him. The image showed Morzu killing Oos like a coward. 
Confusion and concern were crushed by revelation. These were images summoned forth by Star Power, that damn dog with the ability to read minds. Morzu was furious that Star Power would dare taunt him in such a way! How dare he show an image of Oos as a weakling! The dog may have had the ability to move through Edo’s mist without harm, but that didn’t mean he was safe, he was anything but safe! Star Power would die in such pain that the yelp he made would be heard in every single world in existence. In that moment he didn’t care about the red energy of Cada Varl or the green mist of Edo Volis, he only cared about killing Star Power! 
His thoughts then became mangled as if an earthquake had entered his mind. His left side was filled with numbness for a moment as a rush of force barreled into him like a battering ram. Within a moment his thoughts became clear as the force reverberated through his body placing all of his weight upon his right foot and lifting his left. Such power belonged to the traitor Kae, the cowardly attack had been sprung when his attention was elsewhere and his hands immobilized by Cada Varl’s energy. Though his body was sent into a rough jerk he felt little pain, the mighty Life Force the stupid Rhaldan and his protectors whispered about was nothing to fear. He could feel that Kae had hit him with everything he had and hadn’t even left a scratch on him. The only thing Kae had accomplished was to slightly throw him off balance and cause his head to raise upwards. 
Morzu would have found this amusing if Black Cat weren’t descending through the mist towards him. The feline was safe from the mist, her invulnerability protecting her. All of it was happening in a single moment, the impact of Kae’s attack was still causing his body to jerk and as his head fell forward he lost sight of Black Cat but could feel her claws digging into the nape of his neck. What did it matter, he could feel that her claws hadn’t drawn blood, such a waste of energy he thought to himself. 
Very soon though something felt very off, it was a strange feeling, like something was draining him. He remembered the stories that Oos would tell him of the vampire kings of old, the beings the Ulnath obliterated, how they would suck blood from their still living victims. That is how he felt now and his mind began to wonder if vampires existed in other worlds, had one come here? Using the distraction of the other world heroes to feed on him? The answer came not in sound but in sight, as his body continued to be drained he saw something move through the air, something black and solid. 
It was the Shadow Stone! It flipped through the air like it had been thrown by a strong arm, moving away from him and slowly taking the powers it possessed out of his body! How could he have never considered it before? The otherworld heroes weren’t trying to kill him they were trying to take the power away from him! And they had succeeded! 
The world, that once felt like it was his to take, now felt like a very cold and isolated place. The stone moved through the mist and he could hear it bouncing like a ball on the platform, the sounds echoed inside of his mind like the shadow stone had created the noises solely for him to hear. He looked back to the red energy feeling his hands tremble with both fear and that disgusting thing called weakness. Fully expecting the red energy to consume, he was at least grateful he would die instantly by its wrath in place of rotting away because of the mist. However neither happened as suddenly the darkness underneath was no longer solid. 
He fell without quarter, seeing the red rush across what remained of the platform and burning through the green mist like flame to cotton. He was soon watching it through a veil of weak darkness, his platform vanishing like a ghost returning to world of the dead. It looked like a strange red sun pushing its way through a sky once covered by black clouds. He kept staring, not in disbelief, as hard as it was he accepted he had been beaten, he just hoped that at least one of the other world heroes had been struck by Cada Varl’s energy and killed by it. It didn’t matter which one just as long as they were dead.
Before the veil could be lifted his fall came to an end and without the shadow stone within it the armor did little to break his fall. Many things broke though, he could feel that his left leg had been shattered, his right arm twisted like a tree branch from a haunted woods. He could hear his own breathing, no longer like music, it was strained and frail, haunting him with each whispering tune. He had once felt like a god so his descent felt fitting, because he felt like he had been thrown from the throne of paradise. As his mouth was filled with the taste of blood all he could think was how much better the shadows had tasted. 
Morzu hadn’t been the only one to fall hard and heavy, Cada Varl had suffered the descent as well. Though unlike Morzu Cada Varl didn’t need armor to survive it, he was use to being struck into mountains and surviving. Considering how hard Morzu had once struck him the pain of the fall was little more than an ant bite to him. He too had been searching the sky to see what his red energy had done. Unlike Morzu he greatly hoped that the others had gotten out of its path. The red energy was the embodiment of destruction, he had been reluctant to rely on Star Power’s force fields to keep it contained. But as the red light finally vanished from view he could see them, each of the others, alive and well. Black Cat was flying, remaining in a single spot. Star Power was levitating near by. Kae, in his own body, was holding onto Edo Volis who remained floating. Cada Varl was glad that none of them had tried to save him from the fall, it was too great of a risk. 
The entire strategy had been risky, but he agreed with both Kae and Star Power, it was either take the risk and maybe be killed or continue fighting in vein and definitely be killed. Kae had spoken to him about the power of distraction, noticing how when Morzu was distracted Cada Varl’s punch had much greater effect compared to his kicks. Star Power had convinced Edo Volis that the mist wouldn’t hurt him and he was glad that Edo Volis trusted the canine, something Cada Varl struggled with, knowing the horrors that such creatures could unleash. Black Cat didn’t need much convincing she too knew the effectiveness of teamwork. 
Seeing them all safe brought his mind back to the strategy itself, did it truly work? The platform may have been destroyed, but darkness still covered the field, he could hear the clashing of steel and blood spilling screams, the battle was still raging around him. The red energy had blocked his vision, Cada Varl hadn’t seen where the Shadow Stone had fallen to, he had to find it before any of the enemies did, not the least Morzu. His eyes moved with the speed of lightning bolts desperate to find the stone. 
As fast as his search was it wasn’t fast enough for someone had found it. Cada Varl could see two strong hands holding the stone so tightly it was if the person was trying to strangle it. Cada Varl’s vision had moved so fast to find it and yet when it was within his sights his eyes moved very slowly upwards, because the arms that were connected to the hands were covered in armor of a fashion he had seen before. Moving up to the chest, armor remained, further ascent of his gaze made Cada Varl gasp. 
He was surprised, but ever so grateful for such an emotion, for it wasn’t Morzu but King Yadi. Cada Varl had never actually met King Yadi, but the crown on his helmet, made his identity easy and Cada Varl was enamoured by what he saw. Yadi looked every bit a king of legend, his face fresh and full of power. His stance so sturdy it was like his body had been built by divine stone. There wasn't a scratch on him, it was such a strange sight to see a man in the middle of a bloody battle appear so flawless. 
Slowly but at the same time suddenly the sounds of clashing steel and screams died, like applause fading into nothingness. Now Cada Varl was no longer alone in realizing that Yadi was holding the stone, it was more than just sight it was a feeling that invaded each and every person, not just on the field but at the medical tents as well. Yadi seemed like a single piece of shining gold in a wasteland of dirt. There was no movement from any one as if they each were struck by the silence that now filled Sorn field. 
The spell that Yadi’s newfound appearance cast wasn’t broken but rather defied by a group of Ulnath shadows. Their black blades still dripping with the blood of Ebulon soldiers and refugees, they came at Yadi from all directions. But none of them got within a foot of him, shattering like glass as the darkest light imaginable began radiating from the Shadow Stone in his hands. 
Cada Varl himself was only capable of looking away from the king when a strange sensation danced across him. It was the darkness that once covered the field, it was shrinking like shadows against a rising sun, a sun called Yadi.
Chapter 41
	The screams of the dying rang in the Red Lady’s mind.  A fury possessed her, a fury like she had never felt before.  All around on the battlefield were remnants of the anguish that had been dealt to her.
	Her soldiers were her arms.
	Her archers were her legs.
	The cowardly attack of the Sack Swords had left her body ravaged.  The battle would have been lost if the shadow had not come: the shadow and the unnatural strength that it had imparted.  As the darkness had ensued, the Red Lady felt as if she had been submerged in a replenishing pool.  Her warriors had felt it too, and the surge in their brutality had turned the tide in the Red Army’s favor. Yet too many had fallen, and even the exhilaration of this new strength was not sufficient to ebb the Red Lady’s sense of loss.
	Blood spattered the Red Lady’s body.  Her arms looked as though she had dipped them to the elbow in crimson paint.  Her face was criss-crossed with blood spatters, and the sword she held had lost its edge through the repeated wear it had taken from being drawn across flesh and bone.
	The horse was gone, long since killed by an errant swing from a tribal barbarian who had succumbed to her sword shortly thereafter.  She gazed about and panted at the ruin.
	The white robes of her daughters were in plain view.  Both standing and slashing as inhuman wraiths, and littering the ground as corpses that would never rise again.
	The Red Lady felt their loss keenly.  The rage burning within her elevated in intensity and hardened to a razor’s edge.
	She would kill them all, and not with honor.  She resolved to slaughter her opponents to the last man.  The leader she would kill slowly, cherishing each agonizing scream as he was carved to ash.  Then, when his soul had finally left his body, she would scatter his remains to every filth or pestilence ravaged reeking corner that she encountered on this or any other world she might travel.
	In that moment, on the field, she bonded with her anger and made it a permanent part of herself.
	To release her fury would be to dishonor her fallen daughters, and that was not acceptable.
	A gust of cool wind caught the Red Lady in the face, sending her hair behind her like a palace banner.  She stared down into the gully in the center of the field where the last of the opposing force resisted.
	The once proud force was like a horse wobbling on a broken leg.  She took pleasure in watching them squirm as her troops pressed in.  The enemy was exhausted, and when their weapons were not lifted in defense, they were dragged in the mud like limp, lifeless appendages.
	The Red Lady’s eyes narrowed as she studied them, and after a moment she identified the leader.  He stood proudly in the center still trying to rally his charges, though by now he must know escape was impossible.
	The Red Lady relished in the strength that surged through her, then she hefted her sword and strode forward.
	It was time to make good on her pledge.

***

	Match Head Ged couldn’t help but wonder how it had come to this.
	His mighty army was gone, a two to one advantage squandered.
	The shadow!  The shadow had done it!
	Now there was nothing before him but a horizon of rending claws and slashing weapons.
	He lifted his nicked and blood stained club to block the attack of a frenzied warrior.  The clang of the impact numbed his arm to the elbow, and the report of the blow was echoed by the feral scream of his attacker.
	The red soldier was too proud of his meaningless assault, and in its distracted moment of celebration, Match Head Ged was able to slip in with his thrusting knife, the same one he had used to cut up cooked orc flesh, and take the opponent in the neck.
	The immense soldier crumbled with a gurgle, ripping the knife from Match Head’s hand as it was swallowed up by a sea of opponents pressing forward to take its place.
	Match Head bit his lip.
	The loss of the weapon had not been worth the kill.  His hand gripped his club more tightly.
	He knew the end was near, and only the cold forged weapon could keep him from a drawn out end of torment.
	Another warrior rose up before him.  The creature was still humanoid, but dark tufts of hair sprouted at odd intervals about its body.  Match Head dodged three quick claw swipes then dove forward with both hands on his club’s grip.  The edge of the club entered the heart and the beast lurched forward.  Before it fell, Match Head caught a glimpse of a strange intelligence in the beast’s eyes.  Then the glimpse was gone, and the eyes faded to bestial darkness once again.
	Another warrior rose up, then another.  Match Head dispatched them with a workman’s weariness.  Deep down he knew that it was only guile and luck that was keeping him alive.  The Red Army was like a tidal wave, and the soldiers were unnaturally strong.  The only thing that was keeping their swords and claws away was their own jubilation at their newly discovered strength.  They considered themselves immortal, and thus Match Head was given an opening to pair them with death.
	The warriors became a blur and the flash of intelligence became more and more frequent until a soldier finally went down to be replaced by a woman.
	Match Head thought exhaustion had defeated him to cause a hallucination.  He shook his head and wiped his hand across his brow in an attempt to drive the sweat away.
	The woman remained.
	All about her, the mass of bodies seemed to part.  She stood alone, feet placed delicately between a horde of mutilated corpses.
	The Red Lady, the one Uroad had spoken of, the woman he had seen leading this army of monsters. He could tell now why so many were willing to follow her, even with death littered around her like some twisted pebble path she looked divine, a beauty that even gods craved.
	As he gazed upon her, he noticed the same glimmer of intelligence in her eyes.  Suddenly he realized that he’d been facing this warrior in his last dozen encounters.
	“Yes,” the Red Lady said, seeing the understanding in his face.  “I’ve been possessing the body of your opponents.  I know your every move, I know every twitch of your body.  Shall I offer you the option to fall down upon your club?  I think not.  That would rob me of my vengeance.”
	All at once, the weight of Match Head’s exhaustion fell down upon him and caused his knees to buckle.  Every clobbering, every thrust, every blow that he had dealt throughout this miserable, losing conflict was echoed in his leaden limbs.  Once again he wrapped his fingers around his club, but this time it was with the knowledge that he could not make a good accounting of himself in his last fight.
	Nilt was dead, he had died not long after the giant shadow had fallen across the battle, Uroad was still alive, breathing hard and bloodily, his once fine sword covered in dents and dings. He was a fine warrior indeed, Ged now had no doubt that Uroad had once fought under Droak. It made him wonder about Eraloi, she had been by his side since the beginning of the Sack Swords, upon every raid, every attack on the Ebulon guards, he had always seen her next to him, fighting with a ferocity that even Droak would’ve been proud of. But in the corners of his eyes he couldn’t see her, just bloody and weary faces of the few men and women who had somehow survived the slaughter that the shadow brought about.  Though it made as much sense as flowers sprouting on the face of the moon, he hoped that she had fled from this battle, that somehow she had slipped away into Ebulon, passed the guards, gotten herself enough supplies to keep herself fed and warm. It was the one time since knowing her that he wished she had become a coward, no not a coward, a survivor, just like Uroad had said, just like himself had wanted for all his troops. The thought made him remember the battle of Jamik where he held a dying Droak in his arms, though he personally survived that battle the Droakins were no more. He could accept that, as Droak had accepted the end of his own mercenary band. Droak had told him to run while there still time. Match Head Ged would have said the same thing to his remaining troops if there was anywhere to run to. With that memory filling his mind like a spilled bucket of paint on a canvas he realized how empty his arms felt, there would be no one to comfort him and tell him any last wise words. It was a bitter reality, to have survived the Orc Confederation’s attempt at genocide only now to die at the hand of a very different kind of monster, but a monster all the same. 
	He was defeated.
	Torture would await him after all.
	Yet he would not go to his death a coward.
	With a grimace, Match Head Ged lifted his club and braced himself.  
	There was no mercy in the Red Lady.  In that moment, in the darkness of the shadow stone, Match Head Ged recognized the face of death and stepped forward to embrace it.

***

	The Red Lady smiled at the feeble show of defiance from this, her last opponent.  Some part of her calculating mind considered using this specimen as breeding stock, after all he had demonstrated surprising virility in the face of unconquerable odds.
	Would such a fate be a worthy tribute to those that had fallen?
	Would her anguish be eased by seeing her line repopulated by the seed of her conqueror?
	She pushed the thoughts away.
	No, this time only blood would satiate her.
	She lifted her sword and made a forward motion, only to pause.
	The wind kicked up again, this time harder, and the force of it caused the Red Lady almost to stumble.
	Off balance?
	She tilted her head to the side and took her gaze away from her reeling opponent.
	As she righted herself, she felt the hairs on her arms begin to rise.
	Her tactile sensations were improving, but the sensation was not pleasant.  The warrior numbness that had possessed her had begun to recede.  Suddenly she felt weakness entering her limbs.
	She glanced about, frantically now, and noticed at the edge of the battlefield that the mystical shadow which had brought her victory had started to recede.
	The Shadow was leaving them!
	Turning back to Match Hed Ged, the Red Lady opened her mouth in a feral scream.
	The exhausted warrior simply watched it all in confusion.
	The Red Lady could not bear it.  So close to her vengeance, her triumph was being stolen from her.  Summoning her last vestiges of strength, she dove forward, sword swinging wildly...
	But there was opposition!
	The Red Lady’s sword stopped in the air as if halted by a wall of invisible stone.
	Match Head Ged watched the lady’s struggles with a perplexed expression.
	The wind grew in strength, but it seemed only to affect the remaining members of the Red Army.  They lifted up their arms in futile resistance, but the force of the gusts pushed them back.  One by one they began to stumble and roll to the center of the battle field.  An unnatural blackness was developing there, some kind of dark vortex that seethed with a primordial hunger.
	The Red Lady saw the portal and gasped.  As she watched, one of her soldiers was sucked into it.  With a flash of light, the man was gone.  Transported to oblivion.
	“No!” The Red Lady cried.  This she could not bear!  To come so close to the final retribution for her losses only to have her moment of triumph robbed from beneath her outstretched hand.
	She could not allow it!
	She dove against the driving wind, her fingers reaching out—claw like.  The scratching nails quested for the face of Match Head Ged.  Tickling the air before his face as she pushed ever forward.  Inch by inch until the tip of the nail of her index finger grazed the face of her opponent...
	But not even with sufficient force to leave a scratch.
	“No!” The Red Lady screamed, but by then the strength of the magical portal had grown to such strength that even a mother’s quest for revenge paled by comparison.
	The wind took her off her feet and hurtled her towards the gaping maw.
	There was a flash and she was gone.
	With her banishment, the portal ceased, disappearing without a whisper.
	Silence ensued.
	Match Head Ged watched it all, not understanding what had happened. But realizing that the Red Lady was gone and all the iniquitous things at her command had disappeared. Air hadn’t left his body for a number of moments, as if the breaths were terrified if they left they would never be drawn back into his lungs again. But slowly they emerged like frightened children afraid of the dark now stepping out into a world that felt warm and bright once again. 
It was then that Ged noticed that the sun shone in the sky once more and never in his whole life had it felt so warm, so welcoming on his skin. The air once a deathly silent was hummed by the sound of heavy breathing, not just his own but the breaths of the few hundred Sack Swords that still lived. They seemed to breathe in unison, like a rhythm of weary relief. 
With the warmth on his face and the soothing sound of the breathing rhythm his thoughts turned to where the shadow had shrunk towards, not Ebulon, but somewhere far off where his eyes couldn’t reach. 
“Ged!” the voice was weary and strained yet the relief in its tone strengthened it. Ged struggled to turn, but he was glad that he did. Eraloi was still alive and judging by the blood that covered her and the battering of her weapon, she had fought just as bravely as she always had. 
“We survived,” Ged gasped out, his body sapped of most of its strength. He fell onto the blood soaked ground from sheer exhaustion and though he had passed out, his breathing was loud and clear. 
Chapter 42
Yadi seemed liked he had been reborn as a god, a deity of vengeance and there were no atheists at Sorn Field. His wounds had vanished, like the fresh paint strokes washed from the canvas of a frustrated painter wishing to start his masterpiece again. He had once looked at this army of red and Ulnath with concern and fear, two emotions that now were the furthest thing from his mind. Rage had replaced them and he could feel such anger radiate through his arms and into the stone. 
He wielded its power with the skill of a sword causing the air to shudder violently. The fighting had soon ended, every eye whether from foe or ally was upon him as the darkest of light sprang forth from the Shadow Stone, the blackness vanishing under their feet. The air kept on trembling, unable to withstand this new surge of power. Cracking louder than thunder large tears cut into the air, seemingly wounding the very air itself. As the Shadow Stone shone darker the air became a wind, a force like a hurricane that showed no quarter to the Red Army, Atacir, Sampson and Ryder. It happened faster than the clicking of fingers, grasping its chosen victims and forcing them into the air. The winds moved like lightning causing the great mass of red clothed flesh to become a blur, accompanied by a sound track of desperate and injured screams. There were no pleasantries in the wind, they carried the wrath of the king. The once mighty Red Army becoming a single twisting blur. Sampson, Ryder and Atacir could be seen amongst the blur, like small specks in a ravenous dust storm. Distorted faces could be seen in that blur, none amongst them free of agony and despair.
The wind threw each of them into the tears, thousands of grunts, women and wraiths vanishing from this world like specters driven back into the land of ghosts. 
The Ebulon soldiers and refugees watched on in both terror and amazement, the swirling mass of pained faces appearing like a spinning wall of demons being taken back to the hell they belonged to. 
But the judgement of Yadi had only begun, the Red Army and otherworld villains had been a mere annoyance compared to what he felt for the Ulnath. This comparison was evident for no wind fell upon the Ulnath but twisted frightening shadows summoned forth from the Shadow Stone. Some appeared like massive spears, others like arms, they all shared the same monstrous appearance as they robbed the Ulnath of their lives. They died screaming like the orcs they were, squealing like pigs as the shadows butchered them. The first to die were the shadow Ulnath, exploding like screaming bombs while the death of the others wasn’t so quick, a thousand years of torture taking place within mere moments. Yadi felt no sympathy for them, even these horrid deaths were better than they deserved. 
A mere minute had passed and what were once a thousand Ulnath now was one. Oos had seen the entire thing unfold yet had done nothing about it, because there was nothing he could do about it. He had gone from the edge of victory to utterly helplessness all in the matter of a few moments. This couldn’t be happening, existence couldn’t be this cruel. A hundred thousand years he had waited to claim the Shadow Stone and rid this world of Ebulon. He didn’t know whether to break down crying or stand up screaming. The war within between these emotions kept him frozen in the spot, the muscles of his neck stretched so tight, he seemed on the brink of choking. There wasn’t a single pair of eyes that wasn’t upon him, he could see only hatred and anger in each of them. He could feel their gazes like arrows pulled back on bows, ready to bury him in a volley of vengeance. There was nothing natural about the silence of the air, thousands of living beings and not a single one of them made a sound. 
He suddenly felt his eyes stinging but it wasn’t from sweat. The darkness was no longer in the heavens and the sun seemed to want vengeance as well. He glanced towards it and took its punishment, knowing the sun was the least of his enemies on this day. He watched as the dragons of this world flew away from Sorn field, they had extracted their mountain of flesh from those who had used them. His eyes then fell like suicide victims upon the Shadow Stone. It had been within his grasp, the power to change this world how he saw fit. The gods had abandoned his kind long ago, the memory of that day when the gods had turned their backs on the Ulnath had never faded from his mind. Being abandoned by them felt like losing the warm embrace of a once loving mother. His kind had spent their years in a world that offered only cold and darkness. The Shadow Stone was going to be the blanket that would finally bring warmth to their beings, now that blanket would never be his. 
Oos was many things, all kinds of evil, but a coward he was not. There was nothing left for him now but to look Yadi in the eyes, a motion of movement that felt like a journey into the underworld itself. The look of hate in Yadi’s eyes was the same as his ancestor’s, Ebuwin, the human queen Oos had once saved from destruction. He had first seen this look in her eyes when she had found out about his betrayal, if she had held the Shadow Stone she would had done the same thing Yadi was about to do. 
Oos stepped forward his legs both stiff yet strong. “Let it end how it began Yadi,” Oos said loudly, even though there was no sound for him to talk over. He refused to call this man king, “in darkness…” 
Oos was the ruler of Ebulon’s longest enemy, a fact that had never been lost on the King. Still there was no doubting the strength of Oos’s tone, surely he knew what awaited him, but he refused to show fear. The Ulnath were the most honorable of all the orcs, but that was the equivalent of being the most honest in a pack of liars. Anger was still great within him, however Yadi could feel the heaviness of the moment almost as much as Oos. His bloodline had waited a hundred thousand years for this moment, the moment when the Ulnath would finally be wiped from this world. 
“I will die on my feet Yadi,” Oos said. “I will not beg for a quick death…do what you will…” 
Yadi didn’t doubt Oos, he could’ve tortured the last Ulnath for a decade and Oos wouldn’t plead a single time. The king saw little point in dragging this out any further, it was time that this blood feud was finished. A shadow came from the stone, a great black form that rose up to the heavens before Oos. The last Ulnath didn’t look away from them, nor did his hands tremble or his lips quiver. It wasn’t a peaceful feeling but a calm one as he accepted his fate. The shadow descended upon him, ripping through his flesh like countless ghostly blades. It surely was a painful death but Oos didn’t scream, a final small victory on his behalf. As the shadow returned to the stone Yadi took a very long breath. Oos was dead, the threat to his kingdom was no more. 
“No!” the sound tore through the silence with the savagery Yadi had used to kill the Ulnath. Every head turned to a single spot where Morzu was upon his feet, his eyes filled with tears of both anger and sadness. The residual effects of the shadow stone were subtly working on his wounds cleaning the blood, but not the tears from his face. He barely felt such a change for his focus was on the battered and bloody corpse of Oos. The Ulnath who had raised him since he was a child. His mentor, his closest companion, the being who had given him purpose, the being who had shaped him into the man he was. Oos had been his father, the greatest father this world had ever known as far as he was concerned. His injuries may have healed but his movements remained sluggish, he didn’t walk so much as stumble towards the corpse. His hand was reached out and in his vision it looked like he was holding the body of Oos in one hand. Quickly he opened and shut his hand into a fist, the motion had once felt so invigorating, but now it simply reminded him that he had failed. It started off as a dream and now was a real nightmare, how could he have failed his father? 
His tears seemed to carry a power of their own for he moved passed both soldier and refugee alike without problem. None amongst them raised a weapon to him. They may have been the victors, but each had lost many a good friend and family member on this day. It mattered not that Morzu was their enemy, they knew the sting of loss too much to not allow him to grieve. Amongst the thousands there was only one who felt differently, King Yadi himself. 
The revelation fell upon him like a boulder. The man in white armor was his son, his flesh and blood that had been lost to him all those years ago. The memory of that day flooded his mind, drowning out all other thoughts. The memory of the orc bellows as they attacked his escort now sounding more like taunts of laughter, soon they gave way to the single sound of his child crying, left alone on the cold ground with not so much as a blanket for protection. He remembered the feeling of being pulled away by Juruz, dragged away from his dead wife and his crying son. Anger gave way to the revelation, moving out of its path like a rabbit fleeing from a charging bull. He said it in his mind 100 times before his lips could move well enough to speak it. 
“Viadi,” he said, his tone distant, hollowed from the burden of memory. Against the near silence his voice was clearly heard by everyone at Sorn field. Morzu had heard the sound, although his mind failed to register it, his vision tunneled by the sight of a dead Oos. Every refugee, otherworld hero and soldier were now looking at Yadi, a man who once seemed the embodiment of a warrior king, now stood on weak legs and possessed trembling hands. “Viadi,” he said again, louder this time but Morzu didn’t break his stumbling step. His hands shook, the emotion within too great for even the Shadow Stone to overpower. “Viadi!” he screamed without strength in his voice, but the desperation was powerful enough to break Morzu out of the grief tunnel. 
Morzu’s eyes didn’t have to wander to find the source of the voice for Yadi stood alone. When he had activated the power of the stone none had dared to remain near him, whether friend or foe. Morzu knew this man was the king, Oos had told him about the great black cloak that Ebulon kings wore into battle. The word Viadi sounded familiar to him, although his mind couldn’t place its meaning. Now seeing his face Yadi’s arms lost strength and fell to his side, the Shadow Stone loosely held in his right hand. The memories continued to plague him and for a spilt second the face of Morzu was the face of the infant son Yadi had thought lost to him. He was now certain this man was his son the revelation becoming heavier on his soul. 
He took a step forward and his legs almost buckled, “Viadi…” Yadi tried to continue but his mind failed to find good enough words.
There it was again, that strange sounding word that conjured the motion of familiarity but remained shrouded in mystery for Morzu. “I am your father,” Yadi explained, he didn’t know if they were the right words to say, but at the least they were truthful. The field felt empty now, the thousands of onlookers vanishing from view, leaving only Morzu and Yadi. It wasn’t from magic but rather the power of memory and of the moment at hand. Yadi took another step forward as tears formed but didn’t fall within his eyes. 
“Twenty years ago I had lost you…I failed to keep your mother safe…I failed to keep you from harm…” He took another step, his legs still felt weak but his footing was steady. “A day has not gone by when my failures haven’t haunted me…I thought I had lost you…Viadi.” 
Morzu stood with a held breath finally he remembered that word, it was the name he was once known by. Oos had never kept it from him he had been born a human and had once possessed a human name, but he had been raised as an Ulnath and bore an Ulnath name. But he didn’t correct the king, there was something familiar about him, a remnant of a memory once thought lost. 
“Those years cannot be reclaimed,” Yadi said, his voice both strong and vulnerable as he moved closer to Viadi. “I can never be forgiven for what I have done, I cannot make up for the years I have cost you…the death of your mother…my wife.” 
This was the only time that Yadi looked away from his son, he had never been able to talk about his wife for long without weeping. Looking back at his son he discovered he was barely ten feet from him. 
Now being so close together their similarities as well as their differences could be seen in full. His dreary steps moved him forward. 
“Now that this is all over I can only promise to give you the life you deserve my son…the life I should have given you all those years ago…we can start fresh…” 
The weight remained in his chest, it was true, the war was finished but that meant little to him now for Viadi hadn’t spoken this whole time. The King wanted to reach out and embrace his son, to hold the child that had been taken from him. But first he needed to hear his son speak. He didn’t want tears, although he was shedding plenty of his own, he wanted to hear his son’s voice. He didn’t know how much time had passed but it felt like a thousands moments as Viadi merely stared into his eyes, motionless and still. 
When movement came it wasn’t from his lips, his eyes descended to what the king held in his hand. The Shadow Stone, the thing that had made Morzu feel like a god was within his grasp again, all he had to do was reach out and the power would be his. This didn’t have to be over, he could still make Oos proud. The temptation was too great and his hand reached out like a striking python. Yadi had dropped all sense of guarding the power, his mind consumed by the site of his son. His instincts knew that the stone had to remain in his hand, its power couldn’t be taken. It was a simple flash of a thought, but the stone needed no other prompting. 
Like serpents fast moving shadows twirled around the oncoming hand of Morzu coiling up his arm and moving towards his throat. Like a saw through pine the shadows sliced into his flesh, forging a river of blood. The act was as violent as it was bloody, taking Morzu off his feet and driving him upon the ground. It had almost happened too fast to comprehend but Yadi realized instantly the grizzly act. 
“No!” he screamed, his voice as raw as cleaved flesh. He fell to his knees faster than an avalanche, dropping the stone from his hands. “No!” he screamed again, a sound strong enough to rattle the heavens above. He continued screaming, forging a sound that seemed to rattle the entire world. But no matter how loud he screamed the Shadow Stone didn’t comply, even it didn’t have the power to bring the dead back to life.
Epilogue 
A king should never be on his knees; it was a statement that Yadi had abided by his entire life. He had only seen fit to break it a handful of times when exceptions overruled it. One time had been after the battle of Ebulon, when the Orc Confederation had been beaten back and he realized that his city wouldn’t fall into oblivion, he gladly had gotten on his knees, overwhelmed by the reality and thanked the other world heroes for their aid. Before that there had been only one other time, when he had buried the body of his beloved wife. 
It was quite suiting now that he found himself on his knees for a third time before the grave of his freshly laid son, Viadi. He was finally where he belonged, next to his mother. Of course neither should’ve been dead, they should have been safe and warm up high in the Ebulon Tower, not cold and lifeless within the ground. It was appropriate that Yadi’s body felt as heavy as a tombstone for his eyes were looking upon two now, reading the names of his wife and son over and over again. The Ebulon graveyard had survived both the attack of the Orc Confederation and the attack of the Ulnath, both enemies had been more interested in creating new death not caressing old death. As Yadi raised his head he took a long weighty breath, he could feel the sun on his face, shining in all its glory. Winter was well and truly over, leaving the snow to melt, making parts of the ground seem covered in tears. It was the dawn of a new age. 
As he stood up taking several slow weighty breaths he turned to face those who had accompanied him here, Heroes United, Kae, Edo Volis and Cada Varl. Each in their own lives knew the sting of losing a loved one, people who were precious to them. None amongst them had made a single sound while Yadi grieved, each knowing the importance of silence in such a moment. 
Beyond the other world heroes, at the edge of the graveyard Yadi could see Alatearame and Juruz, his two most decorated officers. He had once lost the faith of Juruz and many of the Ebulon soldiers and while trust hadn’t completely been reinstalled both Juruz and Alatearame understood the gravity of losing Viadi to this world. At the very least it had been progress, restoring faith and trust in the soldiers had gone further than just words. Yadi had made sure they were the first to be served both ale and food during the great feast he had held after the battle of Sorn Field was over. Though the king hadn’t felt like celebrating he knew the importance of the gesture, his troops deserved to be recognized and rewarded for what they had done for Ebulon. As did the Sack Swords and refugees, even an infant could taste the amount of tension that filled the halls as refugees and Sack Swords had to sit close to Ebulon soldiers. Though the tension still remained, most were grateful for the reward of a full stomach and a warm place to sleep. The other world heroes had also been at the feast, many of them ate just as well as they had served the kingdom. But now with the feast over Yadi wanted to speak to them alone. 
Before he did so he took notice of the shadows that fell over the tombstones and reached towards him. The act was as perfect as it was terrible. Though the kingdom had been saved, the other world villains either dead or sent back to their own world, the Ulnath destroyed once and for all, Yadi would be shadowed by the deaths of his family for as long as he lived. 
He could feel his hands reach for what hung in a satchel at his waist, it was far from a pleasant feeling. Taking the Shadow Stone in hand once more he could feel its power radiating through him like the warmth of a fire, but even it couldn’t subdue the chill he felt from the shadows of the twin tombstones. Ensuring that he looked everyone gathered in the eye, his voice was somber yet clear. 
“For the second time you have aided Ebulon, it would be a lie to say it would still be standing if you hadn’t answer the call. I am ever so grateful to each of you and I struggle to describe just how much it means to me that this time I had a chance to thank you in person.” The moment was heavy with the truth, they each could see it in his eyes, King Yadi was a man each of them had great respect for. 
“No problem! The Heroes United will always answer the call of the good hearted who are in need!” Wonder Horse proclaimed triumphantly. The hero’s words got a collection of nods from Wonder Horse’s fellow United Heroes members. 
“It was an honor to aid a leader who honestly serves his people and keeps his vows. If you ever need aid again I would be proud to answer the call,” said Kae his words as powerful as they were truthful. 
“The same goes for me,” Edo Volis said, his tone softened by the weight of his words. 
“I’ve seen the destruction monsters cause when there is nothing to stand against them. I promise you King Yadi if you need my help ever again I will give it.” Cada Varl added, his powerful voice feeling even more so because of his certainty. 
Yadi nodded upon hearing these words, seeing the truth in the eyes of all the other world heroes was an incredibly powerful sight. He shook the hand of Kae first, followed by Edo Volis and then Cada Varl. Shaking the hands of the Heroes United proved more difficult, because most didn’t have hands, still he found a way to shake the hooves and paws of the non-human members. It was important to him to do so because these weren’t his servants, none had swore an oath to protect the realm, it would be unfitting to ask them to kneel, if anything he should have been the one kneeling. But he knew that none amongst them wanted such a thing, they wanted to meet him eye to eye, to show respect to the man who had nothing but respect for them. 
Stepping back Yadi’s eyes moved across each of them. “Because of the Shadow Stone the walls and dwellings of Ebulon have been restored, no further unpaid labor from my people is needed. The Shadow Stone has allowed me to multiply food and drink enough times as needed to ensure that no Ebulon citizen, refugee or Sack Sword shall starve. I shall use the power of the Shadow Stone to help rebuild any human city of the refugees and Sack Swords choosing, they shall be safe and warm. The Shadow Stone has enabled all of this to happen…but.” 
He paused as he glanced over his shoulder looking at the fresh carvings on the tombstone that bored the real name of his son. As he looked back they each could feel his burden. 
“We all have seen too well the destruction that can occur because of the desire to wield this stone. I see now why my ancestor Ebuwin hid the stone away. Its power is too tempting, once I have helped the refugees and Sack Swords find a new home I shall hide it away, somewhere new, somewhere that hopefully it will never be found….But before I do that, I want to repay the debt I have to each of you for saving my city. If it is within the power of the Shadow Stone, merely ask and I will grant it.” 
There was silence for a short while, but it ended peacefully.
“I think a safe travel home will do me,” Kae said with a gentle smile. 
“I agree that’s the best thing I could ask for as well,” said Edo Volis. 
A collection of agreeing sounds came from the Heroes United. Though not surprised Yadi was humbled to hear it, these men, women and talking animals were true heroes in every sense of the word, selfless saviors. It wasn’t weariness that he saw in their eyes, but a longing, a longing for home. Yadi understood such a feeling, he had felt it himself many times when he was on the other side of his world, fighting against the many enemies Ebulon still possessed. What he didn’t understand however was the look in Cada Varl’s eyes. 
He also noticed that Cada Varl had been the only one who hadn’t nodded in agreement with Kae. Having been around Cada Varl for himself he was beginning to understand why Juruz had seen him as such an enigma, because he was. Yadi had also seen that Cada Varl hadn’t touched a scrap of food during the feast and while he had raised his glass when the toasts began he hadn’t had a drop of Vaas. 
“What is it Cada Varl, you deserve to be rewarded.” Yadi, as they all did, noticed that Cada Varl was struggling within. To see a man of Cada Varl’s physical prowess in such a way was a hard thing to comprehend. Cada Varl lowered his eyes, the act felt ominous. Cada Varl was a man of few words, for words wouldn’t exorcise his inner demons and he had spread enough misery in his thousands of years of existence. Raising his eyes again, he paused for a very long moment. 
“You’re right King Yadi, the Shadow Stone has countless powers, but not even it has the strength to give me what I desire. Besides what I desire isn’t what I deserve, I deserve to go back where I came from.” 
Kae, Edo Volis and the Heroes United hearing this shared heavy glances. Yadi didn’t know Cada Varl well, all he knew was what Cada Varl had done for his kingdom.
Choosing his words carefully Yadi asked, “Cada Varl, at the very least can you do any good where you will be going?” 
“Nothing good occurs where I will be going.” Cada Varl said flatly. 
Yadi lowered his gaze in thought and when he raised his eyes there was revelation in them. 
“I cannot speak to what you feel you deserve Cada Varl, that isn’t my place. But what I can say is sending you somewhere where your strength and will cannot bring aid to the less fortunate is a waste beyond comprehension.” He paused, hoping to see a subtle sign of what Cada Varl was thinking, but the red eyed man didn’t give anything away. “I know there are other worlds out there, worlds where monsters dwell. Worlds where you could do good. Will you allow me to send you to them?” Cada Varl merely stared, clearly struggling with those inner demons but when he nodded his head, Yadi nodded back. 
As Cada Varl lowered his gaze he saw a hand reaching out to him, Kae’s hand. As he looked the Protector in the eyes he shook Kae’s hand firmly. 
“Best of luck to you Cada Varl, if there are monsters out there as powerful as Aneeku. You are going to need it.” 
“And to you Kae,” Cada Varl replied. “This Rhaldan you told me about is a different kind of danger to Aneeku, but a danger nonetheless.” 
Kae smiled humorlessly upon hearing this, clearly he had his own inner demons clawing at him. Taking a long breath of his own Kae replied, “I know what you mean. But I am looking forward to showing Rhaldan what a liar he is, he told me that I would never return to our world.” He lowered his head and there was a slight joy in his smile now, for it was a rare opportunity presented to him. “I hope that revealing his lies will be enough to convince the other Protectors, those who didn’t travel to this world, to turn away from him.” 
His eyes became distant thinking about it, thinking about his homeland, thinking about the woman he loved. He also thought about the other Protectors, the ones who had sworn loyalty to him in this world. He found his gaze now upon King Yadi. 
“I am a leader now, I have a lot to consider and take care of. I have seen how you lead and I am grateful for it. I know it will help me be not just a better leader but a better man.” 
“I saw how fearlessly you lead the refugees into battle, how you gathered and organized them. I can say without a word of a lie you are a fine leader.” It meant a lot to hear these words come from King Yadi and now Kae was the one who felt humbled. He also felt a gentle hand on his shoulder and half turned to look Edo Volis in the eyes.
“King Yadi is right Kae, I didn’t hear a single negative thing about you by any of the refugees. They were starving and desperate but felt strong again under your protection. That means a lot.” 
The two of them shared a collective nod, both men wore a slight smile, their eyes were glinted by sadness. More than any of the other world heroes Kae and Edo Volis had bonded, they considered each other more than just allies, they were friends. But Denarchia still would face many an invasion and Kae had Keepers and corruption to deal with in his own world. 
“Apart of me wishes that we will have a chance to see each other again Edo. But if that were to happen it would mean something disastrous had occurred.” 
Edo Volis took a sharp breath, nodding with a humorless smile. “Trust me, I understand what you mean.” They tightened their grasps on each other’s hands, knowing this could be a last goodbye. 
When the handshake ended Edo Volis offered his hand to Cada Varl. 
“I must admit Cada Varl I will sleep a lot easier knowing that you are out there stalking the monsters of the worlds.” While Cada Varl didn’t smile, his expression changed just enough for Edo to know Cada Varl appreciated his words. 
Shaking the hand of Edo Volis Cada Varl replied, “I am sure that Denarchia is safe in your hands. Only fools would invade it knowing it is under your protection.”
There was more humor in Edo Volis’ smile as he said, “Unfortunately my world is full of fools.” Cada Varl nodded at this before Edo Volis turned to face the Heroes United. 
Both he and Kae smiled warmly upon them, they were a brave bunch of creatures, but their bright colours and appearances reminded Edo Volis too much of the stories his mother told him as a child for him not to smile. 
“It was a pleasure meeting all of you as well. Do your best keeping the universe safe,” said Edo Volis, even though he still wasn’t sure what the word universe meant.
“We always do,” Asantra replied. Most of the United Heroes member, but not all of them echoed her sentiment. 
Crimson Claw, the creature that until recently was considered a villain in both his own world and in this one wasn’t nodding. He stalked out from the crowd on powerful fur covered feet, the glint of red on his claws captured the light of the sun as like arrows, his eyes aimed at Cada Varl. Silence fell and the graveyard suddenly became incredibly tense. Edo Volis and Kae stepped back out of Crimson Claws way, not out of fear, just neither man wanted to get in the middle of Crimson Claw and Cada Varl. The red eyed man towered over the feline but at 6 foot four there were few he didn’t tower over. Crimson Claw showed no apprehension at the height and size difference, his eyes didn’t flinch as he looked up to Cada Varl. 
“I know you are the one who killed Fang and Scratch.” 
“That I am,” Cada Varl replied flatly, showing no regret or pride in his voice. He remembered that strange battle well, he was glad to be its victor those creatures needed to die before they could spread further harm, but held no particular pleasure in taking either of their lives. 
“They once served me very well,” Crimson Claw stated just as flatly. “But that was when I was once a villain, that part of who I am died, it is part of my past as are Fang and Scratch.” 
“If you can escape your past I envy you,” Cada Varl replied.
 To this the feline slowly nodded, though anger remained in his eyes. But when he stepped back, it was clear to everyone, he wasn’t looking for a fight from Cada Varl, just mere acknowledgement of what the red eyed man had done. 
Clearly satisfied by what he saw in Cada Varl’s eyes Crimson Claw joined the others of his universe and soon all eyes were back upon King Yadi. 
“Again I say thank you, may your own journeys home be safe. Ebulon and I are forever in your debt, what you have done here will never be forgotten.” 
Either nods or smiles met his words as power slowly glowed from the Shadow Stone. It was slow and silent, specks of shadow rose in the air and flashed over the other world heroes. Like dust caught in a gentle wind the heroes vanished from both his sight and this world. It was a peaceful vanishing, haunting but beautiful in a dreamlike way.
Yadi was left alone in the graveyard, but he didn’t feel isolated, because he knew the heroes would return if he or Ebulon ever needed them and that thought was truly warming. 
But that warmth quickly evaporated like water drops upon a forest fire as he looked to Alatearame and Juruz, there was a very important reason why they had accompanied him to the graveyard. Needing only a simple nod to tell them to join him the commander and the captain walked together. No longer did they look weary or worn out, their faces full of colour once more, their stomachs filled with good food. They looked every inch the woman and man their reputations spoke of. 
“My King,” Juruz said. 
“My King,” Alatearame echoed. 
“I want to thank both of you for everything you have done for Ebulon. It wouldn’t have survived if it hadn’t been for the tirelessly effort of the knights of the realm. They may have lost faith in me, but none of them lost any faith in the two of you. Most of them wouldn’t have marched to Sorn Field if you weren’t there Commander Alatearame and most would have fled for their lives if you hadn’t arrived when you did Captain Juruz. More than once you have saved my life.”
“I would gladly do it again,” Captain Juruz said meaning every word of it. While it would be a lie to say that every Ebulon soldier had restored faith in his or her King, Juruz was proud once again to serve Yadi. The ceremonies that King Yadi had held in tribute to not just the soldiers who had survived the battle but had died had meant a lot to him as it had many of the troops. 
Yadi gave a slight nod upon hearing this, knowing it was a powerful truth.
“As the two of you know, once the refugees have been taken care of the Shadow Stone will be hidden away. I told this to the other world heroes, what I didn’t tell them was I have decided where it will be hidden.” 
To both Alatearame and especially Juruz this was a heavy honor, having seen for themselves the powers the Shadow Stone was capable of. As well as the truth that Yadi trusted both of them enough that he would reveal such knowledge to only them. 
Yadi hesitated in looking over his shoulder, still feeling like the shadows of the tombstones were reaching out to him like the claws of demons. 
“My son spent almost his whole life preparing to take this stone and use its powers. Even though I did not raise him and what he planned to do with those powers can never be allowed to happen. He was my son, the blood of Itio flowed through his veins…he was of my blood. The gods decreed that our bloodline would hold dominion over of the Shadow Stone…” His lips trembled slightly yet the action was as noticeable as a mountain collapsing. “I lost my son twice because of ambition…I have been thinking of where this stone should be laid.” His took a long moment to compose himself and Alatearame and Juruz waited in a respectable silence. “It should be laid with my son for it is the only thing left that he knew of that bounded him to me, to who he really was. To who he should have been. To who I should have protected.” Each word had to be dragged out of his mouth like condemned prisoners, Yadi was a brave wise men, but even he struggled to keep himself from falling to his knees once more. 
Juruz had spoken to Yadi many, many times, since the battle of Sorn field. Not as a captain to his king but as the only other man who had been there on the day Yadi thought he had lost his new born son. Those years had made the tension of the last few months seem insignificant, like a gray bug compared to a boulder. He had told Yadi about what Kae had told him about Oos. It pained both men greatly that Kae had more first hand knowledge about Viadi in his adult years than the king ever did. 
Gathering enough strength to speak clearly Yadi asked, “I ask both of you when we have finished rebuilding the city of the refugees choosing that you accompany me back to this graveyard to place the Shadow Stone beside my son.” 
“I give you my word I will be at your side my King.” Alatearame said. 
“You have made the right decision my King, there is no better place for the stone to rest. I will do anything you need me to do, I will carry the shovel if that is what is required,” Juruz said.
“I know you would Juruz,” The king said, seeing the conviction in those marble blue eyes. Seeing such certitude in the eyes of Alatearame as well, he felt strength return to his knees. He didn’t know if he ever would be the same man he once was, but feeling this strength he knew that Ebulon would be safe. 

The End
   
 
 
 
 
Cada Varl and Aneeku are characters from the novel How Gods Bleed by Shane Porteous available now! 

Voak and Edo Volis are characters from the novel Grave Caller by Shane Porteous available now! 

The Red Lady and the Red Army are characters from the novels  "Seed of Vyldur," "The Rogue Generals," and "Oblivion at the Gate," by Fawkes Paz available now!

Fawkes Paz occasionally contributes to HeroicFantasyWriters.com
http://www.heroicfantasywriters.com/ 

Sampson and Asantra are characters from the Mortal Realm Witch series by Jennifer Priester. Books 1-3 and first series companion available now! Book's Four and Five coming in 2015! The members of Heroes United are from the novel Heroes United by Jennifer Priester coming in 2015!

facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jennifer-Priester/347205725374070
twitter: https://twitter.com/animalsandmagic
google plus: https://plus.google.com/u/0/114965245287489676857/posts/p/pub
goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/jenniferpriester
pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/priesterjen/
personal blog: https://animalsandmagic.wordpress.com/
personal website: http://www.jenniferpriester.com
Mortal Realm Witch series website: http://www.mortalrealmwitch.com 

Rhaldan and Kae are characters from Anniversary of the Veil series available now! 
Website: www.vannasmythe.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/Vanna_Smythe
Facebook: www.facebook.com/VannaSmytheAuthor
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5771610.Vanna_Smythe
Newsletter sign up: http://eepurl.com/pjc6X


 



    
                                         

	 




	
	
           

  




      








