

The Storm Glass

The Glass Sky Series Book 1


By

Alexia Purdy




The Storm Glass
(The Glass Sky Book 1)
(A fairytale reimagining of King Thrushbeard)
©February 2021 Alexia Purdy
A short story version of this story was previously published
in the Once Upon a Kiss Anthology.
Cover Design ©AV Fantasy Book Covers Art & Design
All rights reserved


www.alexiapurdybooks.com

All rights reserved as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system without the prior permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious and any similarity to a real person, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.






Get the low down on future books, giveaways and more:

Sign up for Alexia’s Newsletter HERE





A brand-new fairytale retelling fantasy series from award-winning author Alexia Purdy for those who love magic, steampunk, and urban fantasy.

Against my family’s wishes, I’ve refused every suitor lined up for my hand at the annual coupling ball. How could I have known the government would be overthrown during the ball? Luckily, I’m rescued by a handsome stranger named Clyde. Running from the enemy, we escape to the underground city known as the Glass Sky.

My life is far from what I thought as I discover I’m just a pawn in a delusional society. Secrets and lies show me the hard truth of a dying human race where females are scarce and controlled with an iron fist. I have to find my parents but sneaking back home is a precarious trek. All I find is the city overrun and deep under the control of a ruthless ruler. Obsessive vendettas seal my fate, haunting me with my own defiance. Alone and defeated, an unlikely ally offers to help me, but at what cost?

This is Book 1 of The Glass Sky Trilogy





Dedicated to my family whom without their support, none of these words would exist.





Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Chapter Twenty-six
Chapter Twenty-seven
Chapter Twenty-eight
Chapter Twenty-nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-one
Chapter Thirty-two
Chapter Thirty-three
Chapter Thirty-four
Chapter Thirty-five
About the Author
More by Alexia Purdy





Chapter One



Star

“Hey there, old man! Where you been now? I hear the gadgets market is thriving and no less phenomenal!” 
Governor Hillman turned toward the voice of Vince Rickton, my father, who I was having the worst time keeping up with. My mother was much more adept, sashaying behind him with ease while letting him slice through the mass of bodies as easily as a knife through butter. He was a large man, and people tended to part when they saw him coming. I, on the other hand, got swallowed in the wake of the closing gap behind her and was set to get trampled.
“Mother!” I gasped as my line of vision was cut off. There were people everywhere, and no one bothered to acknowledge me, even though I was one of the guests of honor.
My mother was not to be ignored. Even in my father’s wake, she was luminous and demanded the attention of the parting crowd. They ooh’d and ahh’d at her custom-made gown threaded with beads and pearls throughout the bodice, where her bosom crowned the neckline, and an even more fascinating necklace matched her dress. She made rags look good. It took effort to get me even partly up to her standards.
“Mingle, darling. We’ll find you,” I heard her call out before her voice faded into the undulating mass of bodies. We had arrived late, and the music already had the crowd moving to its sway. It was like treading through the dunes, impossible to gain any ground. I halted, giving up the chase. It was no use; my parents had their agenda, and it wasn’t to babysit me. 
No matter. I had better things to do than sit under their wings. As one of Petra’s finest young ladies of marriageable age, I was basically there to be courted to death until I chose a suitor. 
Pressing my hands into the satin fabric of my dress, I resisted the urge to rip it off. There was no way I was going to marry anyone here. They were all snooty aristocrats raised on caviar and diamonds. My family had worked for our status, up from the dredges of society. My father’s hands may no longer be completely embedded with grease along every line, but we were not the same as these people. And they wanted me to marry one?
I was going to do anything but that. In fact, if I could sneak off to some desolate corner or balcony and snap a vapor cig off someone on the way there, I’d be more than happy. Nothing bothered me more than being paraded in front of all the eligible bachelors of Petra, no matter their age. The ones who were suitable in age for me were not my type, or too immature. All the others were far too old. I wasn’t into the charade of acting polite and enjoying people’s company, however pleasant it might be, yet this… this was torturous. I’d be a terrible companion. God help the guy who dared ask me to marry him tonight.
No, thank you.
The crowd shoved and pushed as I wove my way to the side of the room, unable to breathe in my tight corset and feeling lightheaded from the motion. The dance floor tilted, and I felt my knees weaken as I lost my footing. I swayed on my feet as the room jerked. A pair of hands gripped my waist as I slammed into them. I twisted around to curse the person who’d just grabbed me, very aware of the heat from his body radiating warmly against my skin. The noise of the room faded as I fought to focus my breathing, praying I really wouldn’t pass out, completely humiliated, as I waited for my vision to return. The man held me up with an arm outstretched to cup my back. How dare he lay his insolent fingers on my gown?
“Watch it, crazy… You almost—” My words faltered as I found myself staring into a pair of the most striking blue eyes framed by lashes as dark as a moonless night. Matching hair draped over his shoulders while wisps hung messily in his face. His pale, creamy skin ended at a full dark beard that covered his cheeks and came to a severe point beneath his chin. He was a whole head taller than me, and my gaze continued down his arm, which was covered in the sleeve of a trench coat, but a ribbon of tattooed skin could be seen. He’d kept me from falling on my backside, but that did little to snuff out my fury at being touched. “What’s your problem? Let me go!”
“You were falling. I caught you.” His eyes lingered on my face, and I felt the rush of blood bloom on my cheeks. Not one to be disarmed so easily, I pressed my lips into a tight line, eyeing his fingers on my arm. 
“You can let me go now.”
He hesitated, letting his hands linger a moment longer. They held me securely, his arms strong and never shaking from my dead weight. I struggled to straighten and get my feet on the ground once more.
“Of course, miss. I apologize.” His hand remained while his eyes glistened beneath the stage lights above, continually flashing a variety of colors and strobes which threatened to drive a headache into my retinas. The rhythm of the music suspended in the air as time stood still. The room seemed to be lacking oxygen, and I schooled myself to breathe slowly, just as mother had told me to.
You don’t want to faint in your corset. Try not to eat much or drink anything. It’s impossible to use the bathroom in this gown. It’s just divine, isn’t it? You’ll be the source of everyone’s envy. Whatever you do, just breathe slowly, deep breaths, or you’ll find yourself feet up on the dance floor. Keep your knees bent and you should be fine. Oh, and don’t sit down, you won’t be able to get up easily.
Mother’s voice centered me once more, and I found myself eyeing another young bachelor mouthing words I couldn’t understand. Was I losing it? Another moment and my hearing returned, roaring with a vengeance as both young men began to argue. The young man with the beard let me go, and I groaned internally. His touch had been igniting, and the other guy tossing insults at him blew away the spell I’d been under. Still feeling faint but better, I bent my knees as I inhaled a deep breath, picking nonchalantly at my gloves to focus on something not moving.
“Trevis,” I acknowledged the newcomer with disdain, an angry young man I recognized from my school. “I didn’t know you’d be here tonight.” 
The one person I loathed down to my soul had found me in this sea of drones. He could find a pin in a haystack. It seemed my hopes that he’d skip this gala had been crushed into oblivion with one fell swoop.
“Is this doofus bothering you, Star?” Trevis, who was one of Petra’s finest young eligible bachelors and the bane of my existence, popped between us and puffed his chest toward the stranger, pressing into him enough to make the guy step backward to avoid touching him. “Get lost, freak,” he snapped, pressing forward so that the stranger had to step back again.
“I’m fine, Trevis. I tripped.” I pressed a hand to his chest to stop him, glaring at him as he continued to shove the other guy. “I said I’m fine. Don’t you have anything better to do?”
“You don’t look fine, Star.” He eyed the stranger, nostrils flaring. “Who are you? You should apologize to Miss Star immediately.”
“Of course. I was just aiding the lady after she fell. I apologize for any impropriety.” He turned, his eyes piercing me like shards of ice. They were so clear, so bright. I felt foolish for yelling at him. His gaze was not as frosty as his voice, but it wasn’t welcoming either. Who did he think he was? 
I decided it didn’t matter. I sighed, tapping on Trevis’s chest once more until his eyes swung my way. He really had a hot head. He’d been suspended before for losing his top during a simple game of basketball. The anger swirling in his eyes took me aback. I swallowed down my sudden panic. Being under that heat was frightening.
“He’s right, Trevis. It’s okay. He saved me from falling. I’d be legs up in the air right now if not for him. Cool it, all right?” I prayed Trevis would find another distraction soon. If I could sneak off as he taunted the stranger, I could get rid of him easily. It was when Trevis’s focus was on me that I wouldn’t be able to get away from him no matter how hard I tried. This was not the time or place to be stuck with him. Now for the right moment….
Trevis eyed the bearded man up and down, a snarl lining his thin mouth. “I don’t know who you are, but you stay away from Miss Star. Her father will crush you if I don’t do it first.”
The stranger kept his eyes trained my way, causing me to wilt. I was about to ask him his name before he shifted his eyes toward Trevis. The darkness emanating from them chilled my bones. Whoever he was, his company felt frigid yet exciting. Either the corset was tightening, or the air was draining from the room once more.
“I know who she is, and I know who you are too. I’ll keep that in mind, Trevis. I apologize, Miss Star.”
“Yeah, well. You need to watch where you’re going. You might strip a lady’s dress right off with that grip of yours, and I think my cheek is raw from scraping against that obscene beard on your face,” I snapped.
“Of course. I’ve failed to groom it into submission. Terribly sorry, milady.”
The stranger scooped up my hand, which I let him take just from the sheer shock of him touching me again. Kissing the top of it, he gave it a subtle squeeze before letting go and straightening. He threw me a nod before he sidestepped around Trevis and disappeared into the ever-thickening crowd.
“You didn’t have to do that, Trevis. I was fine,” I grumbled, annoyed I’d gotten stuck with the imbecile and had missed my chance to escape. The stranger had distracted me, and now I’d have to finagle my way out of a possible proposal from the one guy I would never marry. 
Trevis turned to me and smiled, always so sure of himself. “I saved you from the beast! Did you see that beard? Like a thrush died and stuck itself to his face. What a freak. I hope he didn’t come here looking for a wife. No woman would want to kiss wool on the face of her husband. I could practically sand wood with that thing.”
I didn’t know why, but what he said about the stranger rubbed me raw, but before I could insult Trevis about his own shortfalls, my parents showed up.
“Star, there you are. I see you’ve been chatting with Trevis. He’s a fine young man,” my mother gushed, reaching out to place her hand on his as he bowed before my parents. I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms. They had no idea what a heathen he was. A natural-born womanizer. If they wanted me barefoot, pregnant, and alone, he’d do just fine. But I wanted more from life than Trevis could ever hope to give anyone. His immaturity, lack of sensitivity, and sheer self-centeredness would make any woman miserable. He had a revolving door for the girls.
I scoffed as they complimented him. I was probably the only one who didn’t want to be another notch on his belt.  It only spurred him to pursue me and getting rid of him was like removing a fly from tar. 
“I’m going to get a drink and hit the ladies’ room. Excuse me.” I stepped back from my parents’ doting arms. Adios, Trevis.
I scampered off into the crowd before anyone could protest, making my way toward the refreshments. This ball was a superficial nightmare. No one here was ever who they said they were. Not really. Everyone had their fake personas plastered on like masks, prancing around as though life were everything they’d ever hoped for. I wasn’t buying it. No one showed their true colors at these things. They were monsters beneath the façade of money and prestige. How did girls find the right kind of guy when everyone pretended to be something they weren’t? I’d been so over it before it had even begun.
“Star!” My mother managed to snatch me by the elbow, digging in her fingers to capture my attention. Luckily, I was wearing long gloves, or it probably would’ve left a mark. I still yelped, hoping to appeal to her limited sympathy.
“Mom,” I squeaked, “that hurts!”
“You’re going to pick a husband tonight, or we’re cutting you off,” she snapped. Her stone grip remained, but her other hand smoothed the hair on her head, as though it would dare be out of place.
My eyes widened. “What? Why would you do that?”
“You’ve shunned every man we’ve paraded in front of you. This is the third engagement ball you’ve attended, and you’re no closer to marrying anyone. You will pick a husband tonight, or you’ll face the consequences. Understand?”
“Yes, Mother.”
I gulped, my mouth dry and begging for a refreshment. My stomach tightened at the prospect of picking out a husband this very night. My life would be over, cut to shreds along with my dignity. Why would she do this to me? They’d never forced me to decide before. Why now?
“Now, I want you to meet someone special. He could help your father advance his business with a dose of rich blood, if you get what I mean.” She winked, but my heart was in my throat as she dragged me along. I didn’t resist. I’d lost all my conviction. “He is Lord VanWright. We met his father once, but this is our first time meeting the son, so you will be polite and gracious when you meet him. Got it? No insults. You always find something wrong with everyone.” Her fingers dug in even more, assuring there would be welts in the shape of her nails when I took the gloves off.
I nodded, holding back tears as they stung the back of my eyes, threatening to spill out. I bit back the protests I craved to spit out.
“Mother, please. I don’t find something wrong with everyone. I just don’t want to get married yet. Why is that so hard to accept? It’s not for every girl, getting married and having kids. It’s just not me. I want to learn father’s trade in the workshop. I want—”  
Horrified, my mother tightened her lips and glared at me before responding. “You will choose a suitor, or we’ll pick one for you. The workshop is not a woman’s place. You will be engaged before this night is over.”
My mouth fell open, shocked by her words as she tugged me across the ballroom. There was nothing I wanted less than to meet another guy. Especially since, as we approached him, the guy turned out to be my rescuer from moments before. The very one I had eyed up and down and snubbed without regard.
My heart sank to my toes as I took him in. Of all people, the stranger I had just snubbed was the one my parents had chosen.





Chapter Two



Star

“Lord VanWright, I’d love for you to meet my daughter, Star Rickton.”
The dark stranger gazed at me as I automatically held my hand out and forced my gaping mouth into a closed-lipped smile. The stranger was really a lord? That put him pretty high up in the social hierarchy. Why hadn’t I heard of or met him before? My senses were tingling as he took my hand into his and leaned forward to brush his soft lips against it. 
“It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, my lady.” He straightened and met my gaze eye to eye. My breath hitched; his eyes were mesmerizing—bright crystal blue but warm and kind. He smiled, but with his beard, it was hard to make out his features. Along with his long black coat and tall rugged boots, the dark clothes hid his true form from sight. Regardless, I could feel a zing of sparks shoot up my arm and straight into my heart, making it flip. Maybe it was my corset cutting off much-needed oxygen again, but the nervous flutter in my stomach couldn’t be so easily explained.
Stop, I told myself. You’re not here to like any of these guys, remember? You do not want to marry anyone. Period.
“I—I, umm,” I stuttered. Clearing my throat, I tried to speak. “Lord VanWright, umm… your beard. It’s quite pecky. I mean pointy. Hah! Like a thrush’s beak.” I frowned at the long, curved goatee right in front of my face. “And my, you’re so tall. I can’t even see you eye to eye. I feel quite abysmal, truly. No. This won’t do. Can’t have you towering over me like this. We simply do not match.” With that, I threw up my chin and spun, walking away as I lifted my skirts so I could rush off despite the calls from my angered mother. I pushed away her threats stinging inside my head, but I couldn’t stay there anymore. There was no air. 
But my mother wasn’t having it, and in no time at all, I yelped as she grabbed hold of my bodice and dragged me to a balcony where a couple was standing, giggling and chatting together. With one acidic glare from my mother, they rushed back to the party as quickly as their feet could carry them.
“Mother!”
“How dare you, Star? You are no daughter of mine, saying such vile things to that young man. You go back there and apologize right now.” 
“I will not!” The irony that I felt like a two-year-old throwing a tantrum was not lost on me, but I crossed my arms and held my ground. “I won’t marry any of those baboons you call suitors. I can make my own decision, and no one is going to make me join in holy matrimony if I don’t want to. Not today or any day, for that matter.”
Fire burned in her eyes as my father joined us and noticed her apparent displeasure. 
Oh no, I thought. Father won’t back away as easily as mother. I was done for.
“Young lady, have you rejected yet another suitor?”
“She insulted Lord VanWright.” My mother tightened her lips while her eyes narrowed on me. I felt small beneath that glare. I’d spent much of my youth avoiding it. Now, with the threat of losing all I held dear, I could feel my bravado dissolve. But I couldn’t let them win. I dared not.
Red was far too mild a word to describe the shade of maroon my father turned. “Star, you’ve just ruined an important possible partnership with the VanWrights. The family rarely attends social events, and the young lord traveled a good distance to be at this ball just to have you toss him aside like garbage. If you dare treat your respectable suitors in such a manner again, I’ll marry you to the next scoundrel who walks by.”
“Then marry me to Lord Van-whatever-his-face—or even that hideous old man Farlan Parsons you introduced me to when we arrived, if you must. I won’t choose anyone. I just want to create gadgets and sell them, to work alongside you, inventing. Why is that so hard to believe? I can do so much if you let me.”
“Star….” He frowned, disappointment swimming in his eyes, which seared right through my soul without regard. “Young ladies like you shouldn’t be working in the factory. It’s scandalous. I won’t have my only daughter viewed as a common toiler. You are better than that. You deserve a nice, comfortable life, and that will be far from the factory line. You hear me?”
How could he do this to me? Did he truly not care who I ended up with? Was I so horrible that he had to be rid of me straight away? I couldn’t bear it anymore. I was truly doomed to live the life of a subservient wife, popping out a baby every year. Gone were my dreams of working in the gadget and metal shop alongside my father, commanding my underlings to invent new and exciting things. I should have been born a man, but destiny was cruel and laughed in my face. I wanted to break down and wail from the unjust situation. It wasn’t fair.
Before he could go on, I rushed back into the ballroom, beelining across the dance floor and into the main atrium of the house, searching for a place to hide.  I had to get away to breathe. If my parents were determined to marry me off to some doofus, I was going to make them pay for every second of it for the rest of my life. Let them spend the evening searching for me. I was ready to play the game for a long time and would never exhaust my resentment for how they were treating me.
Nearby, a door stood wide open, revealing a library stuffed so full of books, it was almost bursting. It was the last place anyone else wanted to be during a party, so I would have it to myself. I reached behind me and grabbed the door, slamming it shut before bursting into tears. Life was so unfair. If I’d been a son, I wouldn’t be pressed to marry at all. I could work leisurely, painting or spewing poetry on a street corner, and never be viewed as less. I could run my father’s factory without anyone thinking a thing about it.
Maybe I could escape and leave this place forever. Then they’d never be able to find and marry me away. 
No, I thought. That was impossible. I’d never been anywhere but Petra. The world was a scary place which I knew nothing of. I was ill-prepared and naïve, doomed to live this pathetic life which had been prepared for me. Sniffling, I made my way to the window seat, crawling up to sit, and peered out just in time to see Lord VanWright leaving the ball.
He was in an awful hurry to get away. I guess I’d been a let-down if he were truly seeking a beautiful wife. He seemed nice enough. Maybe marrying him would’ve been the better choice than letting fate decide. Father and mother’s choice could very well be Trevis, or even that old man, Farlan. The thought churned my stomach, and I needed to distract myself before I threw up what little I had fit in my stomach before arriving at the ball.
I sighed. It was no use; my life was over. I grabbed the nearest book off a pile perched precariously on the edge of the cushions. After reading for a good half hour about Machines and Humans: A History, I had forgotten how sorry I felt for myself. I lost my thoughts in gears and tools, historic machines, and facts on archaic gadgetry that no longer existed. My father had a small shrine to old gadgetry in our basement back home, and it’d been a thing of fascination for me as a young girl. What did these things do? How were they made? What use was a blank screen and a keyboard? There were small handheld things my father said were phones, but they appeared too small to work for anything. I exhaled as I flipped through the pages of the book, wondering if I could sneak it home with me after the ball.
The floor began to rumble, and books slipped from the shelves, tumbling down in clouds of dust. I rolled onto the floor then edged toward the desk in the center of the room to avoid being hit by the avalanche of massive volumes. I heard a plane approaching and jumped under the heavy wood table just before the walls exploded and the deafening sound of screams, concrete smashing, and books plummeting to the floor filled the room.
I was deafened by the shriek of metal bending while billows of dust and debris thickened the air. I held on to one of the desk’s legs, but the wood cracked above me, and the ground gave way. I screamed, but the commotion all around me swallowed the sound as I was sent sliding down into the basement, buried under the contents of the library. Something smacked my head. Fierce pain spread from the warmth as I reached up to touch something wet matting my hair. My vision dimmed as the sounds of chaos faded into silence.





Chapter Three



Clyde

I scanned the horizon, my chest burning after climbing the nearest tenement building. From up there, I could see the entire Petra skyline, full of buildings as far as the eye could see, with one notable eyesore with a huge, billowing cloud of dark smoke, marring the perfect blue sky.
“Shoot!” I grunted, watching the skies for more bombers. So far, only one had caused the explosion at the governor’s mansion. I spun to make sure. Behind me, barely a dot in the sky, another plane was approaching.
This wasn’t supposed be happening. Not yet. Our intel had told us the Insurgents were determined to cause some unrest and try to overtake the government in Petra, but the timeline was off. They were going to attack later this month. Not today.
I shook my head. I have to get back to the governor’s mansion right now, I thought.
I ran toward the stairwell door, flung it open with a thunderous crash, and practically hurled myself down the steps as quickly as I could go. Not one thought to twisting an ankle or breaking a leg flitted through my mind as I raced down the stairs, hoping I made it back in time. I hoped I’d be able to find the one person I just had to see again.
Star Rickton.
She’d been in quite a state when I’d stopped her from falling onto her backside in the middle of the dancefloor. If it hadn’t been for Trevis’s interference, I would’ve asked her for the next dance. Her rich auburn locks had lain softly on her exposed shoulders like silk. Her eyes, a stunning hazel, had gleamed under the overhead lights, pulling me into the abyss of her soul until we’d been interrupted. I had wanted to say so much to her then, knowing she was there vying for a husband. I’d wanted to be the one she chose. I couldn’t bear to think of her choosing someone else from the ball. 
I hadn’t meant to go. The factory had been bustling with the final details of the move to the city of Lionel. I didn’t think I’d have enough time for any kind of party, let alone a coupling ball, but my father had been adamant that I attend this year.
“You’re not getting any younger, Clyde. It’s about time you settle down, have a family to take care of and to love you. The solitary life is no kind of life for a man. Nothing will ever be good enough if you throw yourself into only work. You have to have something more or someone more to love.”
His words burned into my brain as I reached the first floor, shoving the double glass doors I’d snuck through earlier to assess the situation. Even though I’d gone to the ball, I’d decided that it was going to be a waste of my time. I was so wrong.
As I scrambled down the streets toward the governor’s mansion, I knew my father had been right. I’d known it the moment I’d seen Star rushing across the dancefloor. She had a presence that demanded attention. Everyone who saw her paused to watch her flit by. She controlled the ones around her and didn’t even know the power of the spell she could cast.
I knew the moment she’d snapped at me for saving her from a nasty fall that she was the one my father had told me about. The someone more to love who was missing from my life. The way her breath had hitched as I held her in my arms and the stunned look on her face had told me she’d been just as surprised.
But her insult had burned a hole into my chest like a cigar. She’d hated my beard. Maybe it was all a show for her to look like she didn’t need a guy in her life, but she was savage with that sharp tongue. I’d left her with that sour-faced guy, Trevis, afraid that maybe she was right. My facial hair was unkept and unruly. I had neglected it in my weeks packing up my father’s factory. I worked so hard, I barely took time to eat and sleep. If not for the foreman, Nicholas Parks, and his reminders of these basic human needs, I probably would have worked myself to death. 
I left the ball. I hadn’t intended to return at all. I made it to my family’s townhouse, which was mine for the moment, and mine alone. The silence of the home had made the emptiness in my soul magnify. The day before, I’d felt no such thing when I’d flung myself onto the bed, exhausted to my bones from work. Now something had changed, and I couldn’t put a finger on it. All I knew was that it all had to do with Star Rickton.
I stared at myself in bathroom mirror and grabbed my razor and scissors. I hacked away my facial hair until the sink was full, and my face was smoother than I’d seen it in ages. When I was finished, I didn’t recognize myself in the mirror. The beard had hid my jawline and lips. Now even my nose looked different. My cheeks looked plumper, and I swore I could pass as someone else. I’d looked at my long locks and held out the ponytail of dark black hair. Not thinking it through, I cut the chunk of hair right off, snipping the rest of my hair to even it out. I used to cut it that short all the time, but it had been a while.
It had been ignored long enough. It felt like I had just woken up from some fever dream, and now I was wide awake and had a mission. I would save Star. She’d notice me and know my name no matter what. If I failed, well, at least I could say I’d done everything I could to win her love. No other girl had snatched my heart with but one look, like she had at the ball. I’d either return and win her affections or lose to the emptiness forever. 
Staring at my reflection in the mirror once more, an idea bloomed in my head. I could avoid telling her my last name. I could be someone else completely if I omitted it. Just for a while. At least until she was so smitten with me, it wouldn’t matter what my name was. I stepped back, nodding in affirmation.
I was a driven person, intensely focused on anything which had to be done. I’d never done anything like winning the heart of a girl who didn’t even know who I was, but I was determined to do it. 
Rushing out through the door, I hurried back to the governor’s mansion to prove that I was the one, out of so many, that Star would love forever. But first, I had to find her.



Chapter Four



Star

“Star? Star? Where are you?”
I groaned, feeling warm and comfy in my cocoon. I didn’t want to open my eyes. It was too early, and I felt so incredibly tired. Dancing wore me out. Partly asleep, I strained to remember my evening waltzing on the dance floor, allowing the suitors to fuss over me throughout the night. Try as I might, I came up blank, with my memory refusing to work. My shoulder ached, so I shifted my position to make it feel better.
“Five more minutes,” I muttered. There was no way it was time for school yet; my body was far too sleepy to make sense of any time of day. I’d worn myself out at the ball, obviously, and needed to sleep just a few more moments. I felt a tingle of numbness flutter across my arm and fingers, pushing me to readjust in bed.
Unfortunately, moving made my entire body hurt like the dickens. My shoulder flared with agony, a fiery shearing which filled me with a pain too intense to describe. My vision spun, and I felt nausea creep in as I grasped for my head. Dried blood and concrete dust caked my hair. I froze, gasping and overcome by the ache of what felt like either a fractured arm or a bruised shoulder. Wide awake now, there was no way I was where I thought I’d been, sleeping comfortably in my bed. Instead, I found darkness and the smell of metal and concrete drifting about me like a haze. I blinked. There were slivers of light struggling to shine through the piles of debris pinning me down. 
“Oh, my g… what?” My panic grew as I realized I was trapped under a desk in a pile of debris. Luckily, the hardwood desk I’d slipped under had kept the bulk of the rubble from smashing me to smithereens. Only now I was stuck beneath it and unable to move the heavy wood and stone no matter how hard I pushed and shoved at it. Struggling only forced more dust-filled air into my lungs, throwing me into a painful convulsion of coughing, making my arm scream in agony.
“Help!” my voice squeaked out, hoarse from the dust. I coughed and hacked until I felt my lungs burn. I hoped this building held until I got out. “Help me, please!”
I doubted my raspy voice would resonate enough for anyone to hear me. Tears filled my burning eyes. I wiped at them with my free arm, blinking away the water. Were the walls pressing down more? I could have sworn I’d heard a shift along the seams of the desk as the wood groaned, warning of its upcoming release.
That wasn’t the worse part. The worst part was the silence that followed. I wondered if anyone was still up there. I coughed out another plea, praying someone would come along and reach me before I died, buried alive. A few seconds later, I felt the floor shift again, and another puff of concrete dust billowed across my face. I closed my eyes, covering my mouth with the ripped hem of my dress. I couldn’t see anything. I could barely tell which way was up or down.
“Star?”
I gasped at the sound of my name so close, sounding like it was just above the desk. I reached out to try and knock on the wood but upsetting the slabs of debris sent another storm of particles raining down on me. I froze once more, determined to halt my demise.
“Here! I’m here!”
“Star? Is that you? I hear you. Keep talking.”
I’d never heard that voice before, but it was filled with concern, desperate to find me. There was no way they’d leave me now. Hope blossomed inside my chest. I was being rescued. It didn’t matter by who. Why, even if it were Trevis, the bane of my existence, I’d consider kissing him for the rescue.
“I’m here. Down here! I’m under a big wooden desk from the library. Please, hurry!”
The debris rained down again, and I squeezed my eyes shut, covering my face with the cloth I’d managed to tear away from my dress. Holding my breath was difficult; my lungs were compressed from my folded position. My pinned arm didn’t allow me to turn, so I felt the pebbles and shards pummel my head, neck and back while whoever was digging worked to move the obstructions.
The noise and falling debris paused. Maybe they were listening for me. I coughed and called out again.
“Here! It’s unstable! Please hurry, but be careful,” I urged the stranger. If they didn’t rush, I’d be toast. If they moved the wrong slabs, I’d be a goner. There was a small chance I’d get out in one piece, but the spark inside fought to keep me optimistic.
Mother. Father. I had to see them again. Maybe if I survived, they’d let me hold off on marriage. Maybe then they’d reconsider letting me invent gadgets in the workshop alongside father. They’d see how inquisitive and inventive I was and that they needed me to boost their enterprises. If I helped the company enough, they wouldn’t be able to make me marry anyone. I’d be too important for such a petty life. I’d be able to choose whoever I wanted to marry if I ever chose to do so at all. It was imperative that I lived through this mess, for I’d squeeze it for all it was worth for my parents’ empathy.
“Okay, I’m almost there. I see your leg. Move your foot if you can.”
I did as he asked, wiggling my shoeless foot. Where had my shoe fallen off? I tried to move the other leg folded beneath me and felt nothing. It ached from being sat on, but I was sure it was missing its shoe as well. Maybe I’d absentmindedly tossed them off while reading the book on the window seat. Maybe they’d come off in the explosion. Maybe my feet weren’t attached to me anymore.
That last possibility made me feel ill.
“Okay, one more chunk of concrete, and I can reach the desk. Don’t move.”
“I won’t. Please hurry.” Desperation soaked my words as I pressed the cloth more tightly to my face. I didn’t dare remove it, and the darkness and heat of my breath made the seconds even longer. The air was thick with debris, and with each breath I felt the oxygen growing thinner and thinner. I’d eventually suffocate. I needed fresh, concrete-free air.
“Hurry!” I cried out.
“All right, I’ve got you. Just hold on. Stay under the desk and keep covering your face. There’s going to be a lot of dust flying around, so just stay put.” He sounded different, muffled somehow. I wondered if he had wrapped a towel around his face or had a mask. Either way, it made me feel like my ears were stuffed with dirt.
“Please don’t leave me!”
“Star, I won’t leave you. I swear it.”
The voice was soothing, and I immediately knew that the man saying those words would keep his promise. I did as he instructed, squeezing my eyes shut and covering my face. Tears slipped out from the corners of my eyes, soaking the cloth as I listened to the ruckus above me, hoping the slabs of concrete didn’t slip and crush me. The feel of the stones shifting around horrified me down to my bones.
As I waited, my thoughts drifted to my parents. Had they survived the attack? That’s what had happened, right? The governor’s mansion had collapsed under a heavy artillery or bomb attack, probably killing everyone inside. My heart skipped a beat at the very thought, my stomach twisting. My parents could be dead, their bodies lying cold in the mass of rubble. Or worse, they could be hurt without any hope for rescue. What if they were already gone? The thought of never seeing them again made my heart quiver for a moment as I gasped for air. Squeezing my eyes shut, I prayed that they were all right. Maybe they’d been outside looking for me. Maybe they had left without me. Either way, they’d be alive. I hoped they were. I couldn’t live without them, no matter how mature I thought I was.
I swallowed down the fear, feeling the despair rise and churn in my belly. I wouldn’t know anything until I got out of there, right? If I could just hold on for a bit longer, I would see if my parents had survived. If I lost my rational thoughts now, the panic could kill me. I hoped the young man rescuing me would get to me quickly. I prayed that the concrete and wood would hold long enough for me to escape. 
Just as the hopelessness of the situation began to overwhelm me once more, I felt a tug on my injured shoulder and screamed.





Chapter Five



Star

“So sorry, love. Don’t mean to hurt you. Just hold on.” The man with the soothing voice shifted and moved his hand under my arm to grip my torso and uninjured arm instead. Moving my legs, which felt heavy as lead, I pushed out of the small hole he was reaching into to get me. The pain ripped through me, but I held my breath, managing to squeeze through the hole, blinded by the light. Squinting my eyes at the searing daylight, my fear shifted toward concern for my parents.
“My parents… they’re inside. I have to get them,” I murmured, afraid the pain would knock me out. Breathing shallowly, I could barely keep my eyes open.
“Hold on there, miss.” He tugged some more to get me up the last couple of feet, grunting with the strain. Okay, I wasn’t the lightest creature on earth, but come on. I lay there atop the stranger, whose dark hair was now dusted with white, along with his dark shirt and pants. “Rescue crews are sifting through the debris, but they’ve found few survivors so far. Um, would you be so kind as to move over an inch? I can’t breathe.”
My eyes widened. “Oh, sorry!” I heaved myself off of him and almost tripped over a pile of debris. 
“Whoa, hold on there. This place is a death trap. No sudden movements!”
Looking over the wreckage of the governor’s mansion, I almost slid down the pile of debris. I barely felt the stranger taking up my elbow in case I fell again. Pure devastation surrounded us, and my stomach knotted at what I saw. There were no words for what was left of the place, and I slid back down to the ground, my legs weakening as I shook my head, refusing to believe. 
“Oh, no, no, no. They’re in there. They need help.”
Tears streamed down my face, and I was sure I was a mess, but I didn’t care. 
“No! This can’t be happening.” I dropped to my hands and knees, not caring about the pain in my shoulder. I was running on pure adrenaline. “I have to find them. I have to—”
“They aren’t here, Star. They left before the bomb hit.” The young man coughed, wiping away at the ash and dust caked on his face. Bright, glassy eyes reflected the blue-grey color of my dress. Or at least, what could be seen of its now ruined glory. “Trust me. They aren’t here. They left just a few minutes before the explosion.”
I turned to the man now standing above me, holding out his hand. His sleeves were rolled back, his arms scratched up from dragging me from the rubble. I blinked up at a pair of oddly familiar, brilliant blue eyes. The sight of them eased my panic, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that he looked similar to Lord Thrushbeard… or whatever his name was.
But this guy’s face was clean-shaven, and he couldn’t have been much older than me. With his worn clothes and his hair shorter but messy, he didn’t look like the man I’d met before. He would’ve had to have changed and shaved before the bombing. I doubted the guy had rushed off to do that after I’d snubbed him.
Why would he come back here anyway? I’d thoroughly embarrassed him. He wouldn’t come back. Not for me, at least.
“Who are you?” I asked, frustrated to no end. “And what do you mean? Why would I still be here if they left? And how do you know me?”
“Some guy asked me to find you. He was really banged up from his injuries. I believe his name was Trevis or something like that. I pulled him out of the rubble in the ballroom, but it might have been too late to save him. He asked if I’d seen you. He’s the one who told me he saw your parents leave but that you were still here somewhere. He had a picture of you in his wallet.” He held out a crumpled picture of me standing with my parents, smiling widely. I swallowed down a lump in my throat. I remembered getting that picture taken. It’d been a year ago, when I’d considered dating Trevis before he’d decided to make the world his oyster. I looked away and handed the picture back.
“Oh, my god. Is Trevis dead? This can’t be happening.”
His concerned eyes and tight frown told me all I needed to know. It was the cold hard truth, but I didn’t want to face it. I couldn’t believe the people I’d just been mingling with were dead and gone. I didn’t like Trevis, but no one deserved such a death. Maybe he wasn’t dead. Maybe he’d gotten help in time.
“I don’t know if he’s alive. I’m sorry. We can check in the medical triage area later, but first, Star, I need to take you to the medics.”
I shook my head. “I’m fine. I need to find my parents.” I took his hand, and he easily lifted me into his arms. I felt like a feather in his grasp, which would have been impressive if not for the situation. He was no longer straining but moved carefully down the pile of debris. My heart was breaking for my parents while I studied the ruins surrounding me. “How would I even start looking for them? This place is demolished.”
“I’ll help you after you get seen. You’ll have to be careful. The rubble is really unstable and can give way at any moment.” We reached the bottom of the highest pile, and he placed me on my feet. They didn’t feel so sturdy. I nodded and began to move slowly, but my legs gave out after being pinned under me for so long. I felt myself falling until Mr. Helpful took hold of me again and swung me up into his arms like a child’s doll.
“Geez, you weren’t kidding.” Relieved, I blew out a breath. “Thank you. I almost got sucked back into the rubble.”
“You’re welcome. We should let the rescuers work. There are still people trapped inside. I’ll take you down, just hold on.”
He stepped forward as I clung to his frame with my good arm. My other one was thankfully still numb around the shoulder, but it lay limp. It rubbed against his chest, but I felt no more pain. I wasn’t looking forward to the numbness wearing off at all.
On the cleared ground nearby, where the emergency crews had set up tents, nurses and doctors worked on the line of patients stacking up. The stranger with the blue eyes led me through the crowd. Many called out for loved ones, demanding for help from the poor medics trying to check the list of missing against the bodies. My heart seized as the fear grew inside. We went past the hospital tents, toward the rear where the tents for the deceased were lined up. Most of the bodies were caked in debris, but the blood pooling below them told a definite story.
My stomach flopped as I gasped. There were more bodies there than I could count, making the knot in my throat harden as I choked down sobs, but I begged to stop to look for my parents. I prayed I wouldn’t find them in this section.
He helped me walk from body to body, not saying a word. I was grateful for his lack of commentary because I wasn’t sure I could keep it together if he tried to console me. Luckily, my parents weren’t there. Even so, I had never felt more alone in the world.
I scanned the faces of the injured that I could see in the medical tents, but there was still no sign of my parents. I finally relented to getting a thorough checkup and getting my scrapes and cuts cleaned.
“We have to go.”
I barely heard the stranger’s voice, whose name I’d yet to learn. I blinked, lost in my thoughts as I hastily shook off the shock. That’s what the doctor had said. I was in shock.
“What? Why?” I sat on one of the many cots laid out in a row, most of them full of people from the ball. My cuts and bruises were now bandaged, my arm in a sling. No broken bones, just a cracked clavicle. “I’m not going anywhere. Not without my family.”
I’d wait there forever for my parents. My heart felt as though it were struggling to keep beating without them, even though the tears had long dried on my face, cementing the concrete dust streaked across it. I wasn’t going to move even if he begged me to.
“Star, the Insurgents are coming. They’re the ones who bombed this place. We should leave. They did it to kill the governor and his supporters. Now they’re coming for the survivors. If they see you, they’ll capture you, or worse.”
I waved my good arm at his comment. “Let them.”
“Star—”
I pulled away. “My parents are probably dead. I don’t know who these Insurgents are, but I’ll scratch their eyes out if they dare touch me. Besides, they can’t hurt everyone here. What about the medical personnel? I’m sure that’s prohibited.”
His eyes twinkled, and I scoffed at his amusement.
“True, the medics are politically neutral, so they won’t be harmed. They’ll care for your parents if they find them. But you and your family were firm supporters of the governor. The Insurgents know this and will try to use you to sway more people. We have to go.”
“No. I won’t leave.”
“Star, please.”
“No! And how do you know who my family is? I don’t even know who you are or what your name is. I’m not going anywhere with a stranger. Thank you for your help, but I think I don’t need it anymore.”
As soon as I’d finished my sentence, a nearby building exploded much like the mansion had. Screams rose from the medical tents, and the stranger reached for me as I hopped to my feet, crying out in surprise. The stranger tugged me in the opposite direction of the explosion.
“They’re bombing us again!” I shrieked, but the stranger kept a firm hold on me as we ran until we were far down the block and a couple streets over, utilizing the cover of alleyways and slipping past the rushing crowd. Everyone was screaming, yelling for loved ones, and in sheer panic. Dust clouds were billowing out onto the streets like a sandstorm, and we covered our faces with our sleeves. We sprinted toward the edge of the city until I was nearly out of breath from the brisk pace. I pulled away from the blue-eyed stranger, gasping for air as I leaned against the side of a building. I slipped down to sit.
“Stop! I can’t breathe!” I hunched over, sucking in air before he joined me under the awning and watched out for the airplanes and helicopters, we could hear in the distance.
“We need to stay out of sight.”
“I’m not going anywhere until you tell me your name.” I felt like burning coals were in my throat as I coughed.
He turned; his clear eyes were fathoms deep as he studied my face. “My name is Clyde.”
“Clyde? Just Clyde? No surname?”
“Yes. Just Clyde.” Somehow, the name fit, but the more he stared back, the more I relaxed. His gaze was soothing, like a warm summery afternoon I’d once known. The fact that he had no surname—or wouldn’t give it—made me think that he was not from money. Why else would he hide it?
“Clyde… my parents. What am I going to do? I can’t go home, but what if they’re there? Where else would they go? We never had a contingency plan. If the Insurgents are coming after the governor’s supporters, maybe they’ll attack our house.”
He reached out, took my good hand in his, and gave it a firm squeeze. “I know. We’ll go to my home for now. It’s far from here and safe. Hidden. Do you trust me?”
What an odd thing to ask. Yes, please, take me to your isolated house in the middle of nowhere. I shook my head, throwing him an exasperated look.
“That’s okay. I wouldn’t trust me either.” He winked, squeezed my fingers once more, and motioned me forward. “Shall we? I’ll tell you all about it on the way there. We just have to stop for supplies and my motorcycle first.”
“Did you say motorcycle?”





Chapter Six



Star

We moved along the alleyways, dodging people and ducking into doorways when airships or scanner planes passed above. Taking the side streets and hiding made the walk longer, but soon enough, near the edge of the city, Clyde whipped out a key and opened a door leading into an industrial-looking building which had been converted into flats. Most were not in use, and I wondered if it was abandoned, but he said he lived there, so maybe his family owned the whole building and were renovating. The place was clean and homey. At least it was far from the bombings and off the well-beaten path.
Once inside the first apartment, which was more of a townhouse, I peered down the quiet hallway, admiring the well-worn rugs and furniture. His quaint place took up the entire first floor, but it felt lived in and cozy. As he led me inside and pulled off his dirty jacket, I sighed and slid down into the threadbare but clean sofa near a cozy fireplace. Shivering, I wondered if he’d light it for warmth. I hadn’t realized how exhausted I was. The ordeal we’d been through had left me feeling stiff and aching, my limbs burning from the escape.
What had we escaped from?
As though reading my thoughts, Clyde bent and lit the logs while I leaned forward and rubbed my freezing hands together. I still wore my ruined dress from the night before and a tweed coat the medics had given me, which was heavy and scratchy. It lacked warmth despite its thick appearance. I let it drop from my shoulders but grimaced at my dress. I looked pathetic, ragged, and dirty. There had to be a way to freshen up my wardrobe. I glanced around, but all I found were lap blankets. I picked one up and wrapped it around my shaking body.
“Um… my dress is ripped up, and I have no clothes,” I said. 
“My sister leaves a trunk full of her stuff here for when she visits. I’m sure she won’t mind if you take something. She prefers to stay in the country house.”
I perked up. “Country house? You mean your family doesn’t stay here all the time?”
“That’s right. That’s where we’re heading as soon as we clean up and grab some food for the road.” He flipped opened a moderately sized chest filled with clothes then walked down the hall and pulled out a towel from the linen closet.
“The bathroom is down here to the right,” he said, coming back into the living room. “Take a shower. The dirt is caked on you. I’m sure I’m no better. I’ll wait and clean up after you. We seriously can’t walk around looking like corpses. We’ll stand out too much. Go on.”
I looked down at my clothes, realizing I looked like a zombie in my torn and filthy rags. Blood stained my bodice, and my hair was surely a fright. I pushed back my auburn strands and stood, accepting the towel he’d offered. I sifted through the trunk of clothes and chose a sensible outfit along with clean socks, worn leather shoes and a nice warm jacket. If his sister were in the country, I doubted she’d miss them.
After I cleaned up, I ate a meager meal of cheese, crackers, and canned soup while Clyde got himself squared away. Though the food was good, I barely tasted it. Thoughts of my family amped up my anxiety, and I could barely finish but a small portion of the food. My nerves were fried; the regularly passing sirens seized my heart. I wondered if the Insurgents had the police in their pocket. If the city wasn’t safe, how would we fare in the country? What if they found us? I’d have to ask Clyde. He would know. It hadn’t occurred to me to wonder why he knew so much; I was too overwhelmed to notice.
He emerged in a clean outfit; his hair combed back. It remained damp and was dark and thick, with stubborn wisps refusing to stay in place as though it’d been cut hastily. His clean-shaven face showed off perfect, creamy skin and a rounded but long nose. Thick eyebrows framed his gleaming sapphire eyes which seemed to lighten and darken in different illumination. His stare warmed my middle, and I ripped my eyes away as I felt my face flush red.
He was handsome. The dust had hidden it well. I pretended to fidget with my long, wavy hair, which was darker when damp. It made my skin look paler than usual. I hoped I wasn’t looking like a train wreck anymore.
“You look beautiful. No more dust and rubble fashion.”
“Thank you,” I replied. Glancing back toward him, I felt my breath hitch. His smile riveted me in a manner I wasn’t used to. I liked it. 
“Ready to go?” he asked.
I nodded, looking around for the shoes I’d picked out. Putting them on with one hand was difficult, and I grunted as I repeatedly tried to slip one on.
“Here, let me help.” Clyde took the shoe from me before I could protest and pulled up a stool until he was close enough to lift my foot and slip on the shoe. He laced it snugly before he snatched up the matching shoe and waved for me to give him my other foot. I begrudgingly let him, feeling helpless as he finished. I was extremely independent, having learned to tie my own shoes and dress myself when I was barely out of diapers. It took every ounce of restraint to let him do this for me. Dressing hadn’t been easy either, and I still ached from moving my shoulder. Luckily, Clyde’s sister seemed a bit fuller figured than I was, and her clothes were loose enough for me to slip on by myself.
“How’s your arm feeling?” He peered at my shoulder, concerned.
“Really sore, but I think I can manage.” I patted my shoulder, wincing some, but the ache wasn’t getting any worse.
“You okay to hold on to me on the motorcycle? You might feel it more while holding on.”
I nodded, turning even more scarlet as I realized I was going to have to put my arms around him. “I think so. The medic said it wasn’t too bad.”
“All right. We have to go downstairs, grab the bike and go through the tunnels.”
“Wait… what? What tunnels?”
“There are hidden tunnels beneath the city. We’ll use them to get out of here and into the country. It’s the safest route.”
My jaw dropped open as he held out his hand. Of course, there were tunnels beneath the city. Why wouldn’t there be? Not that anyone had told me. I swallowed back my apprehension and took it. He squeezed my hand tightly as he waited, his blue eyes gleaming. If he didn’t make my heart race every time he looked at me like that, I would have inquired more about the tunnels, but I figured, what was the use? This entire day had been a horror show. At least he was different from the other suitors I’d met and hadn’t gotten on my nerves yet.
“Come on. We’ve got to go.” He led me toward the basement, where he moved several things around until he unearthed a wooden door. Slipping a key into it, he unlocked the door and swung it wide open before stepping inside to wait for me.
I peeked past him. “What’s this?” The vast darkness was cut through with sconces illuminating the caverns in even gaps.
“The tunnels give you access to any place anywhere in the world. They lead to the caverns that house the gears, mechanisms, pipes, and engineering of the entire planet. The world isn’t just a natural thing. Quite interestingly, it’s mostly man-made and run by mechanical gadgets and machines.”
“What are you talking about?” I stared at Clyde, baffled. “Machines?”
“Long ago, our planet was perfect, held together by its gravity. But something happened, and it began to crumble apart. It was probably a man-made event. Perhaps great weapons of war that tore it apart, but no one knows for sure. That’s when people began to brace it with metal and helped the water flow again, with machines so big that they were put together in giant underground caves. These machines run the flow of rivers, lava, and oceans, and the entire planet is braced with metal. It’s the only way the Earth stays in balance. Most people have forgotten this history. Most people don’t want to know anything about it, especially since it involves magic.”
“That sounds impossible,” I retorted.
“It’s hard to picture, but it’s real. Maybe I’ll get to show you one day.”
My tongue dried to the roof of my mouth as I peered down the softly lit tunnel. If what he said was true, why hadn’t it been taught in school? Machines and magic? Surely, he was joking with me… or worse. Doubt flooded my mind, and I almost refused to go with him because of the very real possibility that he was insane, but I had nowhere else to turn.
Clyde opened a locked metal fuse box on the opposite wall and pressed a bright red button, locking his home’s basement door behind us. Gears whirred and clicked until silence reigned once again, leaving us in the hollow guts of the underground.
“What did you just do?”
“I made the door disappear on the other side.”
“How?”
 “It’s hard to explain. It’s too loud on the motorcycle to chat, so I’ll tell you all about it when we get to the country, okay?”
I nodded. I was going to hold him to it.
He stepped farther into the tunnel and waved for me to follow him. Yes, he was smart and handsome but also super weird. Still, that didn’t stop me from liking him any less. Shaking my head, I followed, slipping my hand into his again and letting his fingers thread through mine. It sent a thrill up my spine and warmed me from the inside out. Following Clyde around in the underground was far better than getting shot up above. If only my parents were with us.
Branches of the tunnel broke off from the main path every now and then, disappearing into gaping, black holes. The masonry was wet here and there, with mossy slicks dripping down the walls. Otherwise, the majority of the tunnel looked cool and dry if not musty.
A motorcycle sat waiting ahead, dormant yet somehow feeling expectant. The shiny surface gleamed beneath the intermittent sconces, dust-free and well maintained. At least it didn’t look neglected. As we neared it, an uncontrollable dread grew in my stomach. Clyde intended to ride it through the tunnels with me pressed to his back!
“We’re riding that through here?”
“Yep,” he responded, handing me a helmet and grabbing a second one from a leather bag strapped to the side of the machine.
“How do you know where you’re going down here? I can’t see a thing. Is there a map?” I strapped on the helmet and straddled the seat after he’d jumped on, slipping my arms tightly around his waist. I hoped he could breathe with the death grip I had taken up. I’d never ridden a motorcycle, but I’d watched others ride them on the streets. It did little to quash my fear.
“It takes a little exploring and experience to get to know these tunnels. Some doors are locked, but most open out into the world beyond our city. You’ll be surprised exactly how far these tunnels go, but I’ve been using them with my parents since I was a toddler. I can pretty much tell you how to get anywhere down here, but it’s kept secret from high society members for a good reason.”
I sucked in a breath, impressed. He seemed confident enough, so I just nodded. He knew so much about the world, it made me feel small and naïve.
“Okay.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Yes, I trust you.” What else could I say? I did trust him. He had saved me twice already. I just hoped we wouldn’t run out of luck.
One of his hands clasped over mine as he revved the engine, spinning the tires till we took off. I squeezed him tightly. I felt safe with him; safer than I ever had before.





Chapter Seven



Star

The ride through the tunnels went far quicker than I’d thought it would, jarring my senses more than I would have liked. My legs, bottom, and arms were numbingly sore by the time we stopped halfway to drink some water from a canteen and eat some more dried fruits and crackers. I was famished, and these mere morsels weren’t nearly enough to satisfy my stomach’s complaints. At least I got to stretch my legs as we ate, even though the claustrophobia of the tunnels was wearing on me.
“These tunnels are something,” I mentioned, appreciating the fact that we were a lot farther underground now. The tunnels had a gradual downgrade that I hadn’t noticed until my ears popped. I stared at the darkness ahead with curiosity.
“Yeah.” Clyde glanced up, wrinkling his nose as he glanced down the tunnel behind us. “They really are.”
“How were they made?”
“The land is configured by machinery. Each parcel of land is controlled by its own set of mechanisms. These are wholly manmade, of course, and require maintenance, so the lower classes were recruited centuries ago to maintain the gears and metalwork. The parts they need to keep the machines running are made in factories aboveground, like your father’s workshop.”
My eyes widened. “But I thought most of the parts they made were nonfunctional. A small piece of a whole. It’s rare for a full spectrum machine layout to be processed through his factory, but I’ve seen it. Most are small. Nothing as big as what you’re describing.”
“No. There wouldn’t be anything that big anywhere to be truthful. The machines are massive. The parts are made in many different factories all around the world but are usually nearest the area where they’re used. If anyone discovered the parts were for underground machinery holding the Earth together, the world would freak out.”
“So, the parts are made in different factories, shipped in, and moved underground covertly to keep suspicions down?”
“Exactly.” Clyde held out some beef jerky, but I refused it. There was a twinkle of concern in his eyes, but I threw him a tiny smile to hide my apprehension. If what he said was true, my entire view of the world was a big fat lie.
“Why hide all that from the world? If it’d been told to everyone from the beginning, there would be no world-wide panic like if they found out now.”
“It’s not that easy, Star. Some things aren’t meant to be out in the open. There was something unearthly that helped get the machines running, hence the legends about magic controlling them. Well, I for one can tell you that those aren’t merely legends. We may not know all the specifics of how magic and machine work together, but it’s true. If that came out, people would be frightened. Ignorant people are easier to control. Most don’t want to know what truly runs the world. Do you really want to know where the waste goes when you flush a toilet?”
“Ew, god, no!” I shuddered. “But that’s not even as major as a world made of machines.”
“It’s still the same concept. You don’t want to know what’s holding this blue marble together. Especially since the wars ended in so much bloodshed. You remember what they told you about the wars, right?”
I nodded. “Yes. In school they taught everyone about it in history class, but they never mentioned anything about the world falling apart and being held together by magical machines.”
“Yeah, but the winners always write the history, right? There’s so much they left out. Why do you think they force all the young women to marry at sixteen? Choose a suitor, reproduce as much as possible? Our world’s population almost died when it was at war. Fertile females are rare. Replenish it in time of peace and fix the wreckage, and it’ll all be fine and dandy, right? Well, the Earth was nearly shattered into fragments. Pulling it back together took so much effort, it’s impossible to not see the scars beneath the seams. Nobody wanted to know the truth, that we’re this close to falling to pieces again. The only thing holding the Earth together now are machines created by magic. Metal, spells, and a whole lot of dirt on top to cover the skeleton.”
“How do you know all this?” I scratched at my arms, feeling tingly all the way down to my toes. I was shaking inside, and it numbed my senses. I tried in vain to brush the annoying sensation away.
“Under the ground is where the truth lies.”
I shook my head and rubbed the temples. It was beginning to ache from all the revelations. It couldn’t be all true, could it? How would I ever know if it was or not?
“Show me.”
His eyes widened before he threw a glance over his shoulder. “What?”
“Show me the machines. I want to know everything. If I’m going to run, I want to know why and if it’ll be worth it. My family is missing. I want to know what I’m up against; I need to know what I’m fighting for. Show me the machines holding the world together, and I’ll believe you. I need to see it all.”
He nodded, his eyes focusing back on me, but now the glimmer of hope and light was gone, replaced by concern and worry.
“I will. I promise. But first, you want to see what we’re up against? The war that destroyed the world isn’t finished. There’s a bunch still fighting for our way of life, and most of the workers keeping the machinery together and up and running are the only resistance fighters.”
“Resistance fighters against the government?”
He shook his head. “No. The government is but a small ruling class put in place to normalize society. We don’t have too many problems with them, for the most part. The ones we fight are called the Insurgents. But any more explanation will have to wait.”
He pointed behind me, grabbed my shoulders, and swung me around. It was my turn to be shocked again. In one day, I had seen more than I’d ever wished to see. Small glimmers of movement approached from the end of the tunnel, smashing the sconces as they passed. They were not human at all. They resembled spiders, with long, articulated legs, some attached to wheels, some to hooks, with shiny plates covering their thoraxes. They swung their branchy arms out, slamming into the walls and grasping the masonry to smash step their way through the tunnel. Some of them spun, their legs turning into twirling propellers and pulverizing any garbage left strewn in their path. And they were headed our way.
“What the hell are those?” I cried out.
“Disruptors. Get on the bike. Now!”
They’d seen us and were speeding up, as though craving to chew through us with their blades and tear apart our bodies.
Clyde jumped onto the motorcycle, and I wasn’t far behind, straddling the seat and wrapping my arms around his waist. I closed my eyes; the screeches from the disruptors were excruciatingly loud. I strained as their piercing cries pummeled my brain. Heat rose to my face as I squeezed my eyes together, praying we’d make it out of the tunnels alive. No wonder there was no one down there. If it were infested with those things, I couldn’t imagine why Clyde would take me there at the risk of running into those sentient machines.
“Go already!” I shrieked, but it was lost in the roar of the motorcycle’s engine. He lifted the front wheel as the back one wailed, burning against the pavement before the front wheel touched down and the cycle took off with a neck-breaking jolt. I wasn’t ready for it and felt my arms slip from his waist. I gasped, but at the last second, Clyde grasped my arms with one large hand and held me fast as the wind whipped past us, and the crunch of stone and metal faded away.






Chapter Eight



Star

Clyde tucked the bike into what looked like a closet in the wall of the tunnel and locked the door. We had stopped abruptly, and I was left stumped. I couldn’t hear the disruptors anymore, but according to Clyde, that didn’t mean they weren’t far behind. I wondered if this was our destination.
“Why are we getting off the bike now?” I demanded, still frazzled from the run in with the disruptors. “There could be more of those things. Are we at your family’s home?”
“No. Not yet.”
“Then what are you doing?”
“We need to leave the tunnels for a bit. Once they’re activated, they’ll do a perimeter search and look for anything roaming the tunnels in the vicinity. Something must’ve set them off, and I don’t think it was us, but I’m not taking any chances. It’s best we get out of sight for a while. Once they’re slumbering again, we can head out.”
His answer wasn’t satisfactory.
“What are you proposing then?” I asked.
“We go topside. Just for a bit. We’re in the country already, so I thought it was a good time to enjoy some fresh air.”
“But you said we’re not near your family’s place yet.”
“Yeah, but it’s not super far either.”
Frustrated, I groaned as he fumbled to press a code into a hidden number panel he’d just slid open. It was hidden beneath a faux brick plate which was undetectable unless a person knew it was there.
“You’ve got to be kidding me. Where exactly are we then?”
“You’ll see.”
I was through with surprises, but if he said it was safer to get out of the tunnels right now, who was I to debate that? Before today, I hadn’t even known the tunnels existed. Who knew what kinds of vermin were wandering around down here? We couldn’t be the only things besides the disruptors.
“Come on.” Clyde to beckoned me, and with one last, shuddering glance down the dark tunnel, I followed. He locked the door behind us, a habit I was noticing was vital to wandering the underground. Find a door, lock it behind you if you want to live. Simple, right? I hoped Clyde would tell me how he knew all the codes to open them. If I ended up lost down there without codes, I would be a goner.
“Clyde?”
“Yes?”
“Tell me about your family. I need to get my mind off my parents and those killing machines.” I shivered, feeling the chill of the underground seeping from the stone walls. My body ached for rest, my shoulder was warm to the touch, and my eyes were bleary with fatigue; I knew we’d have to rest soon.
Clyde led me through a large root cellar lined with crates of packaged foods and shelves filled with jars of all the same fruit. Whoever lived there had peaches for years. They probably had an orchard of them nearby. If I had nothing but peaches, I’d be sick of seeing them.
“Well, I have a younger sister named Francesca, but we call her Fran for short. My mother’s name is Elle, and my father’s name is Maris. They grew up in the city but decided to get a nice country home as a vacation getaway. A place to relax. That’s how we were fortunate to have our hideaway when the Insurgents started up. Fran loved to dance and was part of the ballerina program at the Governor’s Music Box Dancing Company until it was recently shut down. That’s when they all retreated to the country. If the arts are being shut down, you know something big is going on.”
“A ballerina? I used to dance too. How old is she?”
“She’s sixteen.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah, she’s good too. I think she was in line to become prima ballerina before all this mess happened.”
“I bet that really broke her heart when they shut down the dance company.”
“Yes. She’s devastated but thankful she’s safe. I wish I could comfort her about it, but the only reason they are sticking around is because of my father’s business. Otherwise, they would’ve left our house in the country and just headed toward the next city over.”
“You mean the city of Lionel?” I asked.
“Yes. It’s got its own governing party and is much larger than Petra.”
“What’s your father’s business?”
“He provides lubricating oils for gadgetry of all types. He has factories where the oils are purified all over the country, but the main corporation is located in Petra. Most of it is synthetic oils, but our company is innovative with more natural and sustainable lubricants made from plants like olives and avocados.”
“Wow, that’s really cool. Your factory in Petra didn’t get hit, did it?”
“Well, luckily, I was in town to finish shutting it down. I had to check that all supplies had been removed and get some remaining things moved to Lionel. I got the main factory closed up and relocated any workers who wanted to transfer to Lionel, but there were some who didn’t want to go.”
“Really? That’s insane. Closing a factory takes a lot of work. With things the way they are, I’m surprised those workers didn’t want to leave.”
“Petra is home to millions and has been since the wars.”
“Why didn’t your father close up the factory himself?” I hoped my incessant questions weren’t bothering him, but it did the job of taking my mind off my family.
“My father hurt his hip about a month ago, or he’d be the one in town doing it. I came in his place. Besides, he wanted me to go to some event to see if I could find a wi—”
“Find what?”
Clyde gazed hesitantly at me, but I could see him his lips tighten. “Nothing. Just business stuff. It keeps me really busy, but now I’m not sure what I’ll be doing with the factory closed. I might head to Lionel.”
“That’s mighty bold of you, Clyde. It’s good your family has you to help them so much.”
“Thanks. It’s the least I can do to help my father.”
“My parents would’ve loved your family. My father’s workshop uses a lot of lubricating oils. They might’ve spoken in the past.”
“Maybe.”
Clyde was oddly quiet after our conversation, and I wondered if he was concerned about his family’s business. It made me wonder… since he was around the right age, why hadn’t he been at the governor’s ball, vying for a young lady’s hand? If he’d been in town for business, had he been there?
I racked my brain but didn’t remember seeing him. Where had he been? Had he even attended? If he had, maybe we could’ve gotten along. Maybe it would’ve satisfied my parents enough to leave me alone if I’d paired up with him.
“Um, Clyde?”
“Yes.”
“The governor’s ball… were you there too?”
“Well, um—”
“What am I thinking, of course you were! That’s why you were already there, rescuing people, right? You attended the ball. I didn’t see you there, though. My father paraded me in front of several suitors, but I didn’t see you.”
“Oh, um.” He cleared his throat, but before he could answer, the door to the cellar swung open. It was a man with a newsboy’s cap, suspenders holding up his worn worker’s slacks, and a buttoned-up shirt with dirt streaked across it. He glared suspiciously at us.
“Who’s down there?”
“It’s Clyde! We had to leave the tunnels. Disruptors are lurking.”
“Clyde? Oh, man, we need you up here! Great timing. Come on!” He held out his hand as Clyde entered the main floor of the house. I looked around as the guy gave him a manly hug and laughed and began talking. Nervous, I waited patiently on the top step for them to move, but when it became obvious that they had forgotten I was there, I cleared my throat.
“Oh, sorry, milady. Been a while since I’ve seen my pal Clyde here. Didn’t mean to be rude.” Clyde’s friend looked over to me and grinned. Clyde moved out of the way as the guy held out his hand for me to pull myself a step up. “M’name’s Phil Smithson. And who may I ask are ya, my dear, sweet damsel?”
“I’m Star Rickton.”
His eyes widened as he pressed his lips to the back of my hand. He straightened and cleared his throat, suddenly dropping my hand. 
“Oh, wow. Um… the Star Rickton. Nice to make your acquaintance, miss.” He rubbed the back of his head before turning toward Clyde, his eyes wide as saucers. “You didn’t say she was with ya. There’s an APB out on her if I come to think of it. You guys can’t be seen, or you’ll be jailed immediately.”
“A what?” I asked, stunned that he knew who I was. How did everyone know who I was? I wasn’t that popular in school.
“An all-points bulletin. You’re wanted fer questioning,” Phil announced as though it was no big deal. My face fell. I was a felon? How had this happened? 
“Dan’t worry ya now, miss. Things could be worse.”
“What’s worse than jail?” I asked, cradling my bad arm as Clyde closed the basement door behind me. “Actually, never mind. I think getting bombed and nearly buried alive, and not to mention getting nearly shredded by a disruptor, have been the highlights of my week. Jail seems far less permanent than death.”
“Ah, sorry, miss. I dan’t mean it like that. I’s justa warnin’ ya. Yer a person of interest, as it were. I wouldn’t go anywhere they might expect ya ta be.” His thick accent was fascinating, and from the bright orange strands of hair and spray of freckles across his face, I could tell he wasn’t from Petra. He bent at the waist, giving me a quick bow before hurrying off to the front of the house.
I turned toward Clyde, my arms remaining crossed as I glared at him. There were people crawling all over this house in the same working-class attire as Phil, but I doubted any of them were rushing off to do blue collar work this evening.
“Clyde, where are we?”
“Star, welcome to Harkin House, the local headquarters of the resistance. It’s one of the many bases we have situated around the edges of the city. Trust me, it’s safer than my house right now.”
As we stepped farther into the house, my eyes widened. “Who are all these people?”
“These guys are what stand between us and the Insurgents. Part of the rebellion.”
“Didn’t Farlan just take over? How are you so organized already?”
“Farlan just made his first public move in Petra, yes, but we’ve been monitoring him and his associates for almost two years now. A coup doesn’t just happen. It takes a lot of planning and plotting. We knew that once he made his bid for power, we’d have to be ready, or else our way of life would be over.”
“Okay… I still don’t quite understand. But if we need to get away from the city, why are we lingering? They could bomb us again any second.” My panic squeezed my trachea as I tried to breathe, the air inside this place feeling thinner as I blinked at him.
“Don’t worry. Make sure you breathe; you’re turning an unpleasant shade of purple, Star. We are safe here. Trust me.”
“But I’m the only girl here,” I whispered, looking around while feeling more out of place than at my father’s factory. At least back there, women were part of the workforce. Most of them were older and from poor families, but they were there. “It’s not proper.”
“Proper is the last thing you’ll be worrying about in the middle of a war. Trust me, these guys are gentlemen.”
My mouth dropped open. “War?”
“Yes. It’s already happening, but the governor has hidden it from Petra’s residents for months now. Big mistake. I fear he’s probably dead now. So many people were caught unawares at the ball.”
“There can’t have been a war going on in Petra. It’s not possible. It’s peaceful.”
Clyde sighed and waved me forward, reaching out to take the crook of my arm. “Not in Petra, no. But the Insurgents have a long reach. News from other cities has been carefully censored to keep the people of Petra from the truth. You’d be shocked by the number of supposedly accidental deaths that have befallen public officials over the past few months. Not to mention the so-called terrorist attacks. But it was all Farlan’s group. Come on. I need to show you something.”
He led me to the front room where there was a gathering of several men packed onto the limited amount of seating available. One man stood up and offered me a reading chair, which I accepted graciously. No one else gave me a second glance. They all had their eyes glued to an old television set. It was an archaic one that wasn’t connected to the mainstream communications systems wired into every household in the city. Instead, I learned, it provided live news updated via what Clyde called a “satellite feed” from a machine floating in space around the Earth. I’d never heard of one before and stared in wonder as footage of the destruction held everyone’s attention. 
With no direct connection to this prohibited footage, there was no way the government could use it to reverse the feed, which was brilliant if you were part of a rebellion. The thought tickled my senses, and I relaxed into the chair, feeling more at ease now that I had something to occupy my curiosity. Clyde sat on the arm of the chair, leaning forward and engrossed in the announcements.
“The rubble at the governor’s mansion is still being cleared, but many casualties have been reported, including the governor and his wife. In the chaos, another man, the leader of the Insurgent army, has claimed the ruling position and named himself president without a public vote. His name is Farlan Parsons, but he has stated he wishes to go by ‘President Farlan’ as opposed to ‘President Parsons,’ in a transparent bid to make him seem more in touch with the people.
“But do not be fooled. Any opposing parties have been tracked down and killed on sight. The Insurgents have set up a perimeter and have put out a call to all their hidden supporters to join Parsons at the mansion and the surrounding areas now claimed by that group. If you’re a supporter of the former government, run. On your screen is a list of cities that have not yet been infiltrated by the Insurgents but be wary. There may not be anywhere left that is truly safe.”
“This can’t be happening.” I cursed as I eyed the list. It was replaced by an image of the governor’s mansion, still in shambles. Farlan Parsons had known when to hit, and he had hit hard. With most of the governor’s powerful supporters now dead, Farlan could swoop right in and take over Petra. The gall of that disgusting man. To think I had met him at the ball.
The news continued, droning on with more information.
“It’s not known how many people he has killed or kidnapped in his rampage through the city to take over Senate Hall, his second target after the governor’s mansion, and has taken several few prisoners without resistance. You are cautioned to not enter the zone indicated in the diagram shown or approach any Insurgents. They are taking over the city, and we urge everyone to please stay in their homes and not resist if they come around. Thank you, and good luck, everyone.”
The broadcast ended, and the map of the city dissipated into snowy static. Tense, thick silence filled the room, and I found it harder to breathe than ever before. The Insurgents’ perimeter had spread to almost every edge of the city more rapidly than anyone could have thought. How could anyone fight against such tyranny?
“My house is in the middle of that circle on the map.” I turned to look at Clyde, whose solemn face told me everything. “Does that mean my family are now prisoners of this new president?” I asked.
Clyde’s grim expression couldn’t be clearer. “Yes, Star. I think they are.” 





Chapter Nine



Star

The urge to lie around and mope the day away until the tunnels were cleared of disruptors was tempting, but Clyde wasn’t having any of it. I stared at the snowy television until someone clicked it off, but I remained seated, afraid I was going to snap if I dared move. My parents were in the part of Petra crawling with Insurgents and possibly prisoners of the new president, a situation I felt helpless to effect.
Who was this monster of a man? I racked my brain for details on Farlan, coming up with nothing. He’d been at the ball. My parents had introduced him to me. He was looking for a wife, of course. The perfect cover to scope out the competition. The bastard had danced, laughed, drank the wine, and mingled with all the people he’d planned to slaughter, all while keeping a straight face. The joke was on us, and he knew it. He had probably exited right before the bombings happened, escaping to a safe distance or heading to Senate Hall. The gall of the man to appoint himself as our leader with such blood on his hands.
I closed my eyes, warm tears spilling down my cheeks. If there was ever a time I wanted to just ball up into a fetal position and disappear, it was now. If he had my parents, how could I ever even fathom a rescue? Who knew how many obstacles I’d face just to get to them? That was if they were alive and if I could find where he was keeping them in the first place.
“Star?” Clyde’s voice broke through my despair, and I blinked my wet eyelashes in his direction, not truly seeing him but aware he was near. He handed me a handkerchief, which I automatically took. Was I dreaming? What nightmare was this? I needed to wake from it immediately, or I’d drown in my sorrow. At least he wasn’t trying to pep talk me right now. Everyone else had already left the living room and dispersed throughout the headquarters, busying themselves with tasks. No one wanted to bother with a sniffling girl distraught over her destroyed life.
“Yes?” I answered absentmindedly. I wiped my face with the soft cloth and blew my nose.
“We’ll get your parents out. I promise. Somehow, we’ll figure it out.” Clyde rubbed my shoulder softly, his touch comforting and warm.
“How did this happen?” I asked, blinking up at him. “One minute the biggest problem I had was choosing a suitor out of the hordes pecking around at the ball, and now my entire life has been uprooted and overturned.”
“I know. No one could’ve known.”
“Someone must have. You don’t gather troops like that without anyone noticing. How could we have been lied to so completely?”
He frowned without a word as I blew my nose once again. I didn’t expect anyone to have the answers. I just wanted a reason. Any reason for all this chaos. I held up the crumpled hanky to give it back to Clyde.
“Um, you can keep that. I have others.”
“Oh, sorry.” I pressed the cloth against my chest, balled up in my fingers. “I never really thanked you for saving my life, did I?”
“A thank you isn’t necessary. Really.”
I studied him. His bright blue eyes were like glass. It triggered something as an odd sense of déjà vu washed over me. “Clyde, have we met before? I feel like we have.”
“No. I don’t think so. Maybe in another life?”
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t believe in that malarkey.”
“What do you believe in then?”
“I’m not sure I believe in much right now. Everything has been ripped apart.”
“Well, that’s no way to go about life. Directionless. It’ll chew you up and spit you out.” Clyde smiled, and another zing of sparks ran along my chest, seizing my lungs. Looking away was the only way to avoid his penetrating gaze.
“All I’ve ever wanted was to work alongside my father, but I guess that’ll never happen. How could I have ever believed he would let me? My parents both wanted to marry me off to the first snobbish suitor I could pretend to tolerate.”
“They were going to force you to marry?”
I nodded. “My mother threatened that if I didn’t choose a suitor at the ball, they’d choose one for me. I was done. They would cut me off if I didn’t. I never thought they’d go that far.”
“I know it’s tradition to marry at your age, right?”
Again, I bobbed my head up and down. The rules of society made me sick.
“Did you choose someone?” Clyde’s eyes gleamed, his bright irises like stars in the night sky. Was that extreme curiosity in his voice, tinged with a layer of jealousy or hope? His dark eyelashes framed his blue eyes, making them pop more than usual, like the light was dancing in them along with a fiery well of thought. Hitching my breath, I swallowed down the lump sitting in my throat as I gathered my words, breaking past the fog.
Why would he care if I had or hadn’t chosen a suitor? I crinkled my nose. “No. I didn’t choose anyone.”
“Did your parents choose anyone for you?”
“I don’t know. I think maybe Trevis, but he’s probably dead now.” I bowed my head. The thought chilled my soul. “I can’t believe he might be dead.”
“He did seem to care for you.” Clyde’s voice lowered as he diverted his eyes toward the curtained window. They were opened a crack, and I could see that rain had begun to fall. No one was out and about. The chaos was keeping everyone inside for now.
“Trevis didn’t know the meaning of caring. I was but a trophy to win.”
“Well, I know this sounds harsh, but maybe if he has passed, it was for the best then.”
“I don’t know. It’s all so unbelievable. I never knew anyone who died, and now my list has grown longer than I can even count. I would not wish it on my worst enemy. Even Trevis didn’t deserve that.”
“Death is a part of life. It’s unfortunate, but we can’t let it slow us down. We have to find some way of being okay and moving on without the dead. They would want us to. Life continues.”
“I don’t know if it’ll be that easy if my parents are gone,” I whispered, my throat croaking. “They’re not dead. They can’t be.”
“We’ll find them. If you feel they’re still alive, then they probably are. Have faith.”
“It’s hard to have faith when the world is nothing but darkness.”
“But darkness is the herald of a new day coming.” He winked, looking like he wanted to reach out toward me, but refrained. I wished he would.
Clyde mesmerized me with his positive thinking, but his entire family was still safe and alive. He was worlds wiser than most young men of his age. I would have liked him immensely had met each other sooner. Maybe even at the ball.
“Clyde?”
“Yes, Star?” He peered down at me dreamily, my heart jumping at the sight of him. His kindness was comforting, and his determination to keep going and eventually help me find my parents was more than I could ever ask from anyone. Trevis had never been so thoughtful, and I doubted he’d stick around if he’d survived. But Clyde, he was a whole different kind of man.
“You’re over sixteen, right?” I asked. 
He nodded. “I’m almost eighteen.”
“Why aren’t you engaged to some pretty girl already?”
He chuckled, running his fingers through his dark, unruly locks. They were just long enough to fall into his eyes before he brushed them away again. I fought the urge to reach up and help him. Biting my lip, I waited patiently for his answer. He probably belonged to some lucky girl already. If not, there had to be someone out there longing for him. I refused to believe he wasn’t taken.
“No. I am not yet engaged. I’ve been concentrating on helping my father with his business since he got hurt, and it’s taken up most of my time. I finished school early and dove right in. They haven’t exactly discouraged me from finding a wife. I just never met anyone who I fancied enough to ask.”
“You’re lucky you can marry whenever you want to, though it’s rare to see someone your age who is single. I’m barely seventeen and being forced to get married, when all I want to do is invent things and work on gadgetry. I’m honestly surprised I’ve lasted this long without being hitched to someone. I—I’ve fought it a long time.”
Clyde cocked his head to the side, taking me in with a deep curiosity. His gaze caused the blood to rush to my cheeks, and I ripped my eyes away again before I embarrassed myself. It was hard to look at Clyde directly. Much like the sun in my eyes, his shine was beautiful and brilliant, but it hurt. His intensity threatened to make me fumble with my words, and I hated stuttering in front of anyone, let alone him.
“Why not choose someone who would support your dream of working on gadgets? You don’t have to marry someone you don’t like and who doesn’t want to make you happy.”
“I know, but I never got to know the suitors at all. I never hung around the country clubs or attended the charity parties to get to know them. I was afraid they’d anchor me down before I could run. Besides, who would support someone like me?”
“I wouldn’t make anyone do something they didn’t want to. I’d want to choose someone who followed their dreams and helped me with mine as well.” Clyde rubbed his chin as though he’d had a beard. His clean-shaven face made wonder if he wasn’t always so prim. Maybe he’d recently cleaned up.
“Me too.”
We eyed each for another long moment, and I felt the room fall away. Was he saying something that I should understand? What if I misinterpreted all his words into something else? I didn’t want to make any assumptions, and as I studied his gleaming eyes, I wanted to ask him something more than anyone else in the world.
“Clyde, I—I was wondering if—”
“Hey, Clyde! We need your help down in substation four. The disruptors dug through the wall a ways before they gave up, but the structure might collapse and cut off an important route. Some gadgetry was damaged as well. You know anyone who can weld machine parts?”
Clyde jumped to his feet and rubbed his neck. The room was stifling, and I hadn’t noticed until we’d been interrupted. My words had been left stuck in my mouth, and my heart filled with disappointment as we turned our attention to a new fellow who I’d not met yet.
“Hey, Jacob. No, I don’t know of any gadgetry repairmen in the area. We’ll have to put a call out.”
“I can help.” I jumped to my feet and stepped forward. “Show me what’s damaged. I worked on gears all the time in my father’s workshop, and I’m certified to weld.”
Jacob’s eyes widened, matching Clyde’s surprised face. I could assume that women were not common as engineers in the rebellion. But I wasn’t going to be pigeon-holed in this group the way I had been back home.
“You can fix machinery?” Jacob asked.
“I sure can. I’ve been welding since I was a little girl.”
“But these are huge gears. Part of the machinery runs the rivers of Petra. It’s like nothing you’d every work on aboveground.”
“They can’t be that much different than what I’ve worked on before. Just bigger, right?” I placed my hands on my hips, waiting for another challenge, pressing my glare into him. Jacob licked his lips, furrowing his eyebrows as he considered my offer.
“All right. Miss Rickton, correct?”
I nodded. “You can call me Star.”
“Of course, Miss Star,” he smiled warmly. “I’ll grab you some workman’s coveralls that you can change into before we head down there. The tunnels are all clear now, so we can go as soon as we’re ready. I have gear for welding and soldering, but it’s not mine. It’s from the Glass Sky City, and I’ll have to return it soon. Just be careful; it can get pretty intense down there.”
The Glass Sky City? What was that? I made a mental note to ask Clyde about it later.
I nodded. “Lead the way.”





Chapter Ten



Star

“That’s not good,” I mumbled, the wrench slipping from my fingers as I peered under a huge gear that appeared to need a replacement bolt and some welding on a fine crack which ran through a beam. “This bolt is older than anything I’ve ever seen. It’s rusted and crumbling into a million pieces. Do you guys have another one I can replace it with? Oh, and some oil and a bigger wrench?”
“Yeah, one sec.” Jacob dove under some pipes to retrieve the necessary supplies as I wiped a blob of grease across my coveralls. It was all over me; streaked on my cheeks, mussed in my hair. I was going to need a hosing down after fixing this gear. This was what I loved: working on metal and getting down into the nitty gritty. Nothing better in the world.
I worked for the next half hour, carefully bracing the beam as I replaced the bolt, then sealed the crack. I was inspecting my repair when Clyde returned. I hadn’t even noticed he’d gone.
“Here, brought you some coffee.” He held out a paper take-out cup steaming with hot liquid. I shimmied out of the spot I was stuffed into and took the drink graciously. Inhaling its crisp aroma woke me up from the fatigue I’d been struggling to ignore.
“You’re a godsend.” I sipped the warmth into me and sighed as it coated my stomach and warmed me from the inside out. I may have been all sweaty and full of grease, but the underground had an overall feel of chilly humidity that effectively cooled the air around the machines. It was the perfect area to cool tech this big, but it kept me feeling nearly frozen. It was the kind of cold that penetrated down into my bones with slick fingertips and curled itself around my spine. “Mm… so good. Where’d you get coffee down here?”
“There’s a breakroom full of snacks in the safe house. They aren’t complete savages here, you know. We do like our creature comforts.”
He chuckled, his piercing eyes sparkling under the stark illumination from the fluorescent lights hovering high above us. It triggered that relentless flutter that came whenever he was around. They were filled with so many things unsaid. At least, it felt like it. I wondered if he felt the same way when he looked at me.
I cleared my throat and took another sip of coffee. I was going to need a bit more energy. The underground engine room was massive, like a warehouse built into the earth, with a framework of metal beams and wood bracing the walls of the large cavern. I’d never been in a room so large; I couldn’t see either end of it, as it fell into darkness the deeper it went. An endless tunnel deep beneath the Earth’s surface.
I tried not to think about the tons of dirt above my head falling and crushing my pathetic, little soul. If I did, I wouldn’t be able to function.
“Any food in there too?” My stomach growled and burned for more than the dried fruit and the scant food we’d eaten before encountering the rebellion folks. Working on these massive gears was hungry work. Nothing like good old sweat and hard work to build up a ravenous hunger, but my roaring stomach was losing patience.
“As a matter of fact, I also took the liberty of swiping you a sandwich with all the fixings.” He winked and held out a plastic wrapped sub which I tried to snatch from his fingers, but he jerked his hand away, dangling it far too high for me to reach.
“You tease!” I groaned, jumping again to snatch it from him, but he was at least a head taller than I was. 
“You really need to wash up first.” He wrinkled his nose at the dirt smeared on my hands. “Unless you’re the kind of girl who likes some roughage with her food.”
“Anything for some real food. I’m starved.” I paused before reaching out again, examining the caked dirt beneath my nails. “On the other hand, where is the washroom around here?” 
He nodded. “Follow me. There are bathrooms and sleep rooms up in the house where you can freshen up to eat.”
“Sounds good to me.” I urged him on, my insides strangling themselves from hunger. If there was one thing I missed from living in our quaint house in the middle of the city of Petra, it was the endless food supply accessible at all hours of the day and the housekeeper who knew how to turn scraps into a feast. Fauna was amazing with spices and could whip up something in seconds if hunger hit you in the middle of the night. I wondered if she was okay in the house with those Insurgents running about. Hopefully, they wouldn’t bother with the help. It was the owners of the homes they wanted to control. 
The thought of my parents being held captive made the hunger turn into a tight knot, squashing my appetite. I sighed, brushing the thoughts from my mind in the hopes of not feeling the despair wash over me again. If I let it, it could overtake me easily. Sometimes things just didn’t work out. I wished they were here with me more than anything in the world. My father would have loved these underground machines holding the land together and keeping it ticking. They helped shift the underground rivers of water, magma, and earth in any direction they needed it to go. It kept the integrity of the land together somehow. The place had me wanting to know how it all worked, with perfect cohesion, formulated in such a way that everything had its rhythm and purpose. 
The world above was just skimming the surface of what was really going on. If everyone knew what held the world together, like I did now, they would all lose their minds. Talk about a worldwide panic. I could see why they kept these workings secret, but I could also argue for telling everyone the truth. People deserved to know things were not as they seemed. Maybe it would make a difference. Or maybe it would make things worse, but there was no way to tell until they all knew.
But there was an entire world of people down there, living, breathing, and just existing. It was beyond unimaginable. This was straight out of science fiction.
I took Clyde’s hand as he led me out of the maze of the underground beneath the safe house. I couldn’t believe how much of our world was artificial. Dirt excavations, braces across cracks in the Earth, and mining efforts were all around us. Dozens of workers scurried around, ignoring our presence. Maybe if I were down here in my usual garb, they would have stopped and stared, but now, I was one of them, dirt-streaked and grimy, working the underground like any old day job. Clyde explained that it took an army to keep the machines maintained and the caverns braced, but specialized work—like the job I was down there to do—required technicians who were in short supply. Whenever repairs were needed, a call would go out, and whoever worked in the affected area would just have to hope a specialist arrived in time.
But these workers were no less impressive to me despite their lack of mechanical expertise. And they were no less important. They kept the machines running; their care and attention kept the whole thing from falling apart. There were numbers of tunnels where people lived, ate, slept, and thrived down there. Pale faces beneath the grease smears told a lot about these underground people. They rarely saw the sun, but they were the same as me.
How naïve were people to think the world revolved around them aboveground? Under the warm sun we gave nary a thought to the everyday workings of the world, even those we could see. This was a whole new type of life below the one we thought of as the real one. But my world wasn’t the real one. It was like a fancy bonnet sitting atop the head of the true world—colorful and pretty, but ultimately useless.
“How did your family come about this secret underground society?” I asked Clyde. “Despite how you present yourself, it’s obvious now that you’re a nobleman, and our families are pretty much of equal standing. How is it that mine didn’t know about this place?”
“What makes you think your family didn’t know?”
I came to a halt and faced him, stunned. “I think I would have heard about it at one point or another. Why would they keep this secret from me?”
“Do you see any women around here?” Clyde waved his arm around.
“Um… no. But what does that have to do with anything?”
Clyde exhaled, looking frustrated. “There’s a reason for that.”
“I don’t care. Why would my parents not tell me about the underground?”
“I’ll show you first thing tomorrow. First, you need to clean up and eat. You’re as pale as a ghost, and you’re shaking. Your shoulder is bruised all up, and I’m sure you’re exhausted. I am too. We need to get some rest, and then I’ll do my best to explain it to you in the morning. All right?”
I frowned. I didn’t like where this was going. So much of what he’d said didn’t make any sense. If my parents had deliberately hid the existence of the underground from me, I was sure there was a good reason for it. I wanted to know it now, but Clyde was right. I could barely keep my thoughts straight. I needed to eat and rest, so I relented and grumbled my agreement as he led me back upstairs and showed me the bathroom. Slapping a pile of clothes and a towel into my arms, he directed me to the one restroom on the second floor. Most of the men slept on the first floor, which pretty much left me the whole second floor to myself. 
After a steamy shower, I stared at my reflection in the misty mirror. I looked gaunt and exhausted. Deep bruises peppered my skin, and dark circles under my eyes made me look sickly. My shoulder was a bloom of purple and felt tender to the touch. I hadn’t rested it much, and it was sure to ache fiercely in the morning. The hot shower helped, but nothing would feel worse than waking up with all my injuries tomorrow.
Now scrubbed clean and dressed, I smoothed down the coveralls and shirt Clyde had given me to wear. My long hair was still damp, but I’d managed to slick it back into a tight ponytail which only accentuated my thin appearance. I would have loved nothing more than to slide down into a nice warm bed, but not until after I ate.
Clyde was waiting just outside in the hallway, leaning against the wall. Once I stepped out, he shook the wrapped sandwich in front of me like I was a horse and it a carrot. I scowled at him, refusing to jump for it. 
“Come along, you’re in need of some warmth and rations.”
“I’d be closer to resting if you just gave it to me.”
He tilted his head and handed it over. “Fair enough. Your room is at the end of the hall to your right. I’ll be in the one right across from yours later.”
“Wait, where are you going?”
Clyde paused, looking concerned. His eyes were so clear they appeared grey in the dull light of the hall. “The rebellion is meeting tonight to come up with a plan to infiltrate Farlan Parson’s regime. So… bad news, we won’t be going straight to my family’s house after all. I have to help the rebellion in any way I can.”
“I understand. But you’re not going to rest too? You’ve been through as much as I have today.”
He threw me a small grin and pulled me into a gentle hug. “I’ll head to bed right after. I promise. Get some rest, Starlight.” He let go of me and hopped his way down the stairs to whatever meeting was going on tonight. I could barely hear the murmur of voices from where I was, but I was too tired to try to eavesdrop.
After finding my designated room, I placed my soiled clothes on a chair, scarfed down the sandwich, and then collapsed onto the bed. The metal frame and springs creaked as I rested on the soft pillow. It smelled stale but clean, as though it’d been a while since it’d been changed. It didn’t matter though. I was grateful for a place to lay my head.
The moment my cheek touched the pillow, I was fast asleep.





Chapter Eleven



Clyde

“You shouldn’t have brought her here. Farlan has his psychotic hunters searching for survivors of the explosion, especially spawners like her.”
“Her name is Star,” I snapped, detesting his labelling of young women. I wasn’t going to let anyone insult Star when she couldn’t fight back while I was alive. “And where was she supposed to go? With us is the safest place.”
John Garner narrowed his eyes at me. He was my father’s right-hand man in the factory, along with being the third in command of the rebellion, but he was often hardheaded and had a one-track mind. I hated discussing things with him. His linear thinking was too rigid for my tastes. Too bad he was the most experienced strategist in the rebellion.
“I think you need to find a way to get rid of her.” John’s eyes hardened, daring me to retort. “Dump her at a country estate with sympathizers. We can’t have her lurking around our safehouses when she’s got a target on her back. It could ruin everything.”
I suppressed a grin. I’d known him since I was a young child. He really thought he could stare me down? I wasn’t afraid of him. There were scarier things in the world than John Garner.
“I’m taking her to my parents’ cottage. It won’t be an issue.”
“Have someone else take her. I need you to take these instructions to the Glass Sky. Our communications went down an hour ago. Even though I have every soldier working on fixing it, I can’t afford to send out any messages through the wires with the Insurgents out in the open. You need to take these to them yourself.”
I took the leather file thick with documents and secret plans and nodded, knowing it would be futile to argue with him. My cheeks burned.
“All right. I’ll take them tomorrow,” I answered.
“Good. You leave first thing in the morning. Get some rest,” John added before he turned to the others and began calling out orders for the other messengers.
I was the only one headed to the Glass Sky City, which meant I had the greatest number of messages and documents to deliver. My heart sank. I wanted to take Star to my parent’s country cottage in the morning and show her around, but now we’d have to take a long detour through the underground to deliver the files first. 
I glared at John for a moment before I spun on my heels and headed out of the room to the kitchen. There, Phil sat at the small dinette spooning some soup into his mouth and slopping up the liquid with a piece of bread. 
“Can’t catch a break wid John. He a slavedriva,” Phil said, talking with his mouth full. His thick country accent was barely decipherable.
I looked away. “He won’t even let me get a word in. Has he even seen the damage in Petra? Living here in his tower barking orders must be nice.”
Phil shrugged, swallowing down his food and grabbing a napkin to wipe off the dribbles. “He’s a hard man, ya know ’im. Da rebellion ’n ya father’s work, tis all he got. Threw hisself inta it when he lost his family in da last uprisin’. Ain’t no stoppin’ a man like dat ’cept death.”
I breathed out, rubbing my face. The fatigue had crawled into my body as I wound down. It’d been an exceedingly long day.
“I know. He’s like a second father to me, but I just wish he’d see things from another point of view sometimes. Nothing is black and white like he thinks it is.”
Phil pressed his lips into a straight line, giving me a nod, but I could tell he wasn’t going to add to the argument. I had allies in the rebellion, but some of them just wanted to avoid conflict at all costs. It was dangerous to be so complacent. I hated to think it could get all of them killed if they weren’t careful and more open minded.
“I’m heading to bed if anyone needs me.”
“Hey, ya hungry? I made extra,” Phil offered, waving toward the pot on the stove. 
“Thanks, but I’m not really hungry.” I turned away and heard him mumble about how when he doesn’t make extra portions, someone always wants his food. I chuckled, feeling my mood lighten after dealing with John. My father trusted him like a brother, and I could see why. I just wished he would loosen the reins of power over the rebellion. He had everything as tight as a noose, and I was afraid it would be our downfall.
I paused at Star’s door and knocked. There was no answer. The hallway was dark, and there was no one else using the rooms on the second floor. Most of the soldiers slept elsewhere and had left after the meeting. Only a handful remained on guard and used the bedrooms on the first floor. John had the main one, and there were three others downstairs. I had taken one of the rooms upstairs by Star’s room.
I turned the knob, hoping I wouldn’t surprise her. The room was dark as well, and the curtains fluttered in the soft night breeze. It smelled of gardenias and honeysuckle, and I could hear crickets chirping and owls hooting in the woods. 
Star was sound asleep on the bed, not having removed any of her clothes. Her boots had been thrown haphazardly to the floor as though she had chucked them off in her slumber. I took one of the blankets sitting on the chair by the window and draped it over her svelte body, knowing the morning would bring a cool fog. There was no central air, and the only cool breeze was from the windows, so I left it open and crept out of the room, closing the door quietly behind me. 
She looked like an angel sleeping, lovely and vulnerable. I hated to think I had dragged her into a conflict she wouldn’t understand, but I knew it was better than being in Farlan’s clutches. As long as she was with me, I’d protect her, even if it killed me. She was safe with me, and I hoped she felt the same way I felt about her.
Falling into my own bed, I yanked off my boots and changed my clothes. I didn’t even bother to turn off the light. I heard my comrades’ friendly banter downstairs, laughing and probably getting drunk. It didn’t bother me. My entire childhood, my father had let his loyal workers and the top personnel of his factory hang out at our house, chatting and laughing about anything while downing whiskey as though it could wash away the hard day’s work and problems. 
I knew better though. The problems never went away. They just changed form.





Chapter Twelve



Star

The next morning, I woke to bright sunlight pouring in through the window. The curtains swayed from the cool morning breeze, and the smell of freshly cut grass and honeysuckle permeated the air. For a moment, I was back home, in my bed. Warm and cozy. The next moment I sat up, horrified to find I was nowhere near my own house.
I was in the safe house. It hadn’t all been just a nightmare. I almost cried from the disappointment that everything the day before had really happened. I shoved off the blanket haphazardly wrapped around me before I wondered how it had gotten there. I’d fallen asleep on top of the bedspread. Someone must have placed the blanket on top of me during the night.
I didn’t know how I felt about a person sneaking in and covering me up without me noticing. I’d been bone tired to not realize anyone was nearby. It was a dangerous way to be.
A soft knock on the door startled me, but I managed to squeak out a “Who is it?” without shrieking. 
“It’s Clyde. Can I come in?”
Never had I ever been more relieved to be dressed. My hair was a rat’s nest after sleeping on it while damp. I yanked out the hairband and hastily ran my fingers through it to tie it back again.
“Star?”
“Yes, come in.”
Clyde pushed the door open and held out a tray with a plate of eggs, toast, and some milk. 
“Good morning. Thought you’d be famished.”
“You’re a lifesaver. Thank you!” I moved over for him to place the tray on the bed. Snatching up a piece of buttered toast, I was impressed by the amazing food.
“Where did you get all this?”
“This safe house is a farm. It’s the only way we have enough food to eat without raising suspicion by bringing in supplies.”
“Oh, makes sense,” I mumbled with a mouthful of eggs. I washed it down with the fresh milk and groaned in pleasure. “Wow, it tastes so good!”
“It’s fresh from the farm.” Clyde smiled sheepishly as he watched me eat. I almost choked after a moment, but he finally looked away. When I thought he was going to sit there the entire time I ate, and I was going to burst from the silence, he spoke.
“You asked me to show you the underground. All of it.”
I nodded, clearing my throat as I choked down the last bite of food. “Yes.”
“I’m going to take you there.”
“When?”
“Today.”
I bobbed my head up and down, shoving the tray to the side as I took in his words. “When do we leave?”
“Whenever you’re ready. Nothing crucial is happening just now, and they can get a message to me if I’m needed.”
I pushed back at my hair, smoothing it down before reaching down to slip on my shoes. Jumping off the bed, I smoothed down my coveralls and then threw him a smile. “I’m ready.”
He nodded, getting to his feet and motioning for me to follow. As we made our way downstairs, I noticed that others were finishing their breakfasts as well and gathering around the table, discussing something in harsh tones. As we approached, they hushed, throwing Clyde a curt nod. Jacob gave me a smile from the corner where he sat, listening to the others. I waved goodbye, but his attention was already back on the ones at the table.
“We can’t afford discovery. It’s too dangerous.”
“It’s all we got right now.”
“I don’t like it.”
“You don’t have to.”
Clyde tugged at my hand, urging me to continue, and we exited the front door and out into the bright, morning sunshine. It felt good to be outside. The claustrophobia of the tunnels had been enough for a lifetime. Somehow, I didn’t think I’d seen the last of them.
“You’re right,” I said.
Clyde turned toward me as he walked out to the garage on the side of the house. He opened it to reveal his motorcycle, which I’d last seen down below. He waved me over. “Right about what?”
“I don’t see any women here at all. Where are they?”
“There are women. Just not here.”
“Where are they?”
He pointed to the helmet I’d worn the night before. “Put it on, and I’ll take you there.”
“How did your bike get up here?”
He closed the garage door behind us. “This garage is a small elevator. Goes right down to the tunnels. The closet I put this thing in yesterday brought it here. Now it’s time to head back down.”
I groaned. “Back into the tunnels?”
“Yep. Didn’t you say you wanted to work on machinery and gadgetry like your father?”
“Yes. What’s your point?”
“They didn’t want you to know about the underground because there are tons of runaway women who come down here to escape the oppression of topside. You would’ve jumped at the chance to escape, wouldn’t you? To come down here… your parents wouldn’t have been able to stop you. They probably didn’t want you to hear a peep about this place because it would be where you’d go if you had a chance to escape your life.”
“Why would they think that?”
“Do you deny it?”
“No. It’s just—”
“You’re saying you would’ve let them pick a suitor for you to marry? That you would’ve been satisfied with that kind of life?”
“No.” I rubbed my arms, the chill of the morning wrapping itself around me. My teeth chattered as I looked away, tears burning at my retinas. I hated to hear him say those words. “I don’t know what I would’ve done.”
“Maybe they thought you’d leave, and it was best to not tell you.”
“You’re probably right.” The more I thought about it, it made more and more sense. “Why would they do that when they know I probably would have found out about this place after I got married?”
He shrugged but slipped his arm around my shoulders. The delicious warmth emanating from his body kept off the cold, and I wanted nothing more than to melt into him. “Maybe they didn’t want to lose you.”
I wiped my silent tears away before shoving the helmet onto my head. Clyde, knowing better than to say anything more, put on his own helmet. He then pushed a button on the wall next to us, and a humming sound began as the floor started to drift downward. I leaned into him, afraid the movement would make me lose my balance, but he held the bike upright and let me squeeze him to death. At least it gave me an excuse to bury my sorrow beneath my helmet. I didn’t care if it got wet.
The garage disappeared far above us as the door shifted into place again, obscuring the hidden shaft. I hoped we wouldn’t be going too much farther down. I could feel the air growing colder as we continued.
Finally, the elevator came to a halt. A door slid open right out into another tunnel. This one was not the same one we’d been in before. It was far deeper and descended even more, with a steep gradient, into the darkness. I held on as he turned the ignition and revved up the bike. Just before he took off, he patted my arms and pressed on the gas. 
The tunnel came up to us quickly, and I pressed my body into his back. His warmth kept the chill at bay, and I could smell a faint trace of cologne on his shirt. It was soothing and calmed me as he sped up, diving into the darkness of the tunnel. I was thankful I couldn’t hear my own thoughts over the roar of the engine.
We rode for miles, taking turns every now and then which I hoped would confuse even a disruptor. We finally took one last branch, and he rolled the bike to a stop where the tunnel opened up into a cavernous room complete with a ravine that stretched for miles in both directions. The only light was from the bike and small cracks in the overhead rock. I couldn’t see either end of it to my left or right, but straight ahead I could see the far wall of the cavern, but just barely. There were more small tunnels leading out of it on the other side.
“This is our stop.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me. How do we get across that thing?”
Clyde pointed to the left where there was a rickety bridge hanging over the ravine. It was the largest drop off I’d ever seen.
“I’m not crossing that!” I stared at the bridge, horrified. It was a metal bridge running along one of the long brackets attached to each side of the ravine. As I peered down into the empty darkness, I noticed more brackets along the crack connecting one side to the other, all the way down into the inky blackness. Obscenely large screws anchored all the brackets to each other and to the wall of the chasm. “What in the world is this?”
“It’s called the Glass Sky Bridge.”
“There’s no sky here!” I gasped, vertigo causing the steps to sway.
“Well, it’s partly an homage to some legendary bridge that used to cross one of the original cracks in the earth called the Grand Canyon. Plus, once we’re in the city, if you look up you can see the lights shifting to create an artificial sky with clouds and everything. It’s made from specially blown glass, hence the Glass Sky.”
I looked left then right, noticing the endless cliff going one way and then the other, seemingly without end. I followed behind Clyde, almost grabbing his shirt as we crossed the bridge, refusing to look anywhere but forward. If I looked down, I would definitely freeze. The bridge swayed slightly, causing my heart to jump to my throat, but I coached myself to breathe slowly, or I’d pass out from fear and fall right off it. Once across, I didn’t dare look back. The bridge was there to keep out disruptors, and from what Clyde said, it worked quite well. He’d told me a little about the machines. They were relics of a forgotten age, their original creators unknown. All that was known was that they sought to destroy any living creature they came across.
I just wanted to be far from the edge of that ravine already.
On the other side, he led me through one of the smaller tunnels. We had to turn sideways to make our way through; I couldn’t imagine anyone living down there. But after several turns, the crevice widened and then eventually opened up into a manmade tunnel lit by sconces along the walls. I didn’t know what kept them on, for I didn’t see any electrical wires. They glowed and flickered like candles but without flames or wax. 
Entranced by the lights, I ran right into Clyde. He’d come to an abrupt stop. 
“We’re here.”
I peeked over his shoulder and gasped. The tunnel dumped us out into another large cavern, bigger than anything I’d ever seen aside from the gear cavern. Near us were softly humming machines turning a wheel that fed a waterfall, and another one that sat dormant nearby, which operated a large stone which could be rolled into place where this tunnel met the cavern—a door to the underground.
I scanned the world before me as we stepped down a flight of steps carved from the wall of the cave, doing my best to avoid tripping. The steps were steep, but they were the only way down onto the main floor. Up on the surrounding cavern walls were different floors where other doorways led into other rooms, and in front of us, where the chamber darkened beyond my vision, there were rows of houses, yards with grass, and shops where people could buy things: clothing, food, ice cream… it was all down there. Everything available above was also in the underground.
My heart swelled at the joy of realizing that there was a place I could stay without oppression, without the stringent rules of my parents or the government. This was a place where I could be me. But then my stomach twisted once more.
“Clyde?”
“Yes, Star?” 
“What if the Insurgents come down here?”
“Why would they? They have what they want: power and sunlight.”
“Yes, but there are so many people they could control down here.”
“Well, that’s the thing, Star. Most of the government and insurgent army have no idea we’re down here.”
My eyes widened. “But how? You said my family probably knows about this place.”
“That’s because they make parts for the machinery. They are sworn to keep the secret of the underground or face elimination.”
“But the Insurgents… that President Farlan… he has my parents. What if they are tortured for the information?”
“Then I’m afraid, we’d go to war to keep our homes safe. There are defenses in place to keep our secret. Don’t worry, Star. I told you I’d keep you safe. We’re safe down here. Trust me.”
I nodded, but the darkness enveloping my heart remained as I followed him through the streets of the underground where people, women, men, and children alike paused what they were doing, intrigued to watch us pass. I kept my eyes trained on Clyde until we reached the other side where he began to point out the cafeteria, sleeping quarters for single men and women, family housing areas, the gardens, and especially the tunnels that led to the massive machines that kept the world together and working. This place was impressive. So alive. So free and liberated. 
I took in all the sights as Clyde led me around. For the first time since the bombing, I felt the flicker of hope blooming in my chest that everything would be all right. It was even enough to drown out the gnawing dread chewing through my stomach.





Chapter Thirteen



Star

The unfamiliar darkness surrounding me felt thick and overwhelming. Sitting up in bed, it took me a few minutes to remember where I was. This was happening far too often for my comfort. I pressed my eyes shut and recounted the state of my life. We were in the underground. In the City of the Glass Sky.
Right.
Clasping my neck, I squeezed my eyes together once more and tried to slow down my breathing. My heart hammered frantically, a residual effect of the now vague dream I’d had. It hadn’t been comforting whatsoever.
“Nightmares? I get them too.”
A voice disrupted the silence, and I flipped my eyes back open, letting them adjust to the inky darkness. “Who’s there?”
A rustling was followed by a click as the room was flooded by the subtle light of a bedside lamp. A girl with brown hair and matching brown eyes blinked back at me. She sat cross-legged on her mattress; a nightgown wrapped loosely around her svelte body.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you. I’m Megan. Megan Pierce. You can call me Meg, though. The Superiors told me I’d have a new roommate, but I got in late last night from laundry duty, and you were already asleep.”
I shifted to dangle my legs over the side of my bed. I was wearing pajama pants and a loose shirt for sleeping. I hadn’t made it to the wardrobe depo to gather more stuff to wear before collapsing into my assigned bunkroom. Clyde was in the single men’s section next door. Single men and women were kept in separate dorms for obvious reasons, but if they were of age, they could bunk together as couples if they petitioned for it.
“Hi. I’m Star Rickton.”
Her eyes widened, but she looked away before I could decipher the shocked look on her face. It appeared my reputation preceded me everywhere I went. I sighed.
“I heard you were here,” Megan mumbled, picking lint balls off her nightgown. “I didn’t know you would be my new roommate.”
Taken aback, I lifted an eyebrow. “Is that a bad thing?”
“Oh no. Not at all. It’s just that… I heard you’re that rich girl who kept turning down suitors at the dances and is related to our Chief Superior.”
“Chief Superior?”
“Mr. Rickton. He comes by to check the machines every now and then. Keeps them running. I didn’t know his daughter would be my roomie one day.”
“My father came down here?”
She nodded. “All the time. We called him Chief. He’s nice. He said his daughter knew all about gadgets and machinery.”
“Yeah, I guess that would be me,” I confirmed, stretching as I ran her words through my head. Clyde had said my father made machine parts for the underground, but now he was also some kind of person in charge. Why was I even surprised? I rubbed my arms to combat the chill hanging in the air. “Wait… how do you know I turned down all my suitors?”
“You turned down my brother.”
It was my turn to widen my eyes as I studied her, a familiarity stabbing at my brain that I couldn’t put my finger on. 
“I’m sorry. I have a terrible memory. Who’s your brother?”
“Georgie Pierce. He’s here in the underground now. We had to go into hiding when the Insurgents came. He tried to gain favor with you, but you shot him down hard.” She laughed, a gesture that relaxed the growing tension inside me. “He said you told him he smelled like gym socks. He was so embarrassed! I told him he needed to shower more often. Now he takes showers twice a day! I really should thank you.”
“Um, oh. You’re welcome.” I frowned. I barely remembered Georgie, but the way Megan spoke about our encounter made me sound like a horrid person. I cringed. Maybe I was.
“Is your family here too?” I croaked, clearing my throat and shifting uncomfortably. I didn’t want to hear about my suitors anymore.
“No. I don’t really know where my parents are. It’s just me and my brother here. I don’t even know if they’re alive.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s all right,” she twisted the end of her hair until it remained in a soft curl. “I heard Clyde brought you here.”
Even in the dim lighting, I could see her blush at the mention of Clyde. She knew him. Or of him. Interesting. He appeared to be well known in the underground. It just furthered the feeling that I had been utterly lost and left out of so much before the attack.
“Yeah. Clyde saved me from the rubble of the governor’s mansion.”
“He did? Wow! He’s like a hero or something.” Her eyes widened until I threw her an incredulous look. At least she had the decency to look embarrassed.
“Um, yeah. I guess so. He did dig me out of hole and help me look for my family.”
“Did you guys find them?” she asked.
“No. There was no sign of them anywhere. I’m afraid I have no idea where they could be.”
“Maybe they’ll find their way down here too. It’s possible.”
I nodded, covertly wiping away a tear sneaking out the corner of my eye. I felt exhausted but couldn’t sleep anymore. I couldn’t even tell what time it was. Time passed differently down where there was no light, even with the artificial sky. It could be early morning or late evening for all I knew. I had slept hard. I could have missed an entire day.
“What time is it?”
“It’s like five-thirty in the morning. I’m always up early. Force of habit. Are you hungry? I can get us some food.”
She hopped off her bed before I could answer and began yanking out clothes from a small chest of drawers next to her bed. I wrinkled my nose at my scant wardrobe which consisted of dirty work uniforms and what I’d worn to sleep. I really needed some new stuff to wear.
“Here. I can see you haven’t made it to wardrobe yet. We can go there later. In the meantime, just borrow some coveralls from me. We look about the same size. It’s pretty much one size fits all here, but they are so baggy.”
She tossed an outfit my way, which I took after my protests did nothing to make her change her mind. Once we had used the facilities to freshen up and were dressed, she dragged me to the cafeteria. It was already bustling with people chatting and sipping on mugs of steaming coffee while picking at their rubbery eggs and pancakes. At least it smelled appetizing as I dished some food onto a plate I’d scooped up from a stack. It was buffet style, but it was hot. My stomach rumbled like a freight train. I was relieved the room was filled with loud noises and people chatting, or I’d have been embarrassed from the ruckus it was making.
“Here, we can sit in the corner booth. I like it better than the regular tables. Too many people bump into your chair while you eat.”
Megan motioned me toward the perimeter where we slid into a booth at the end of a row past where the tables were packed tightly together. There was barely enough room to waddle through the aisles. There were more people than I’d ever seen congregated into a small space. Even at the balls, there hadn’t been but a fraction of the number of people.
“Where did all these people come from?” I asked, shoveling in a spoonful of food. I wondered if Clyde was awake yet. He’d told me to get necessities done, like hitting the wardrobe depot and whatever else I needed done, then to take the day off from working on the gears in the machine room. I wasn’t sure what he was up to. He’d failed to mention exactly what he would be doing, but I’d been too tired to ask. Now I wished I had.
“All over. Especially from Petra. This is the main hub of the underground on the Western coast. If you were to follow the tunnels all the way to the next city, which is Lionel, you’d find another hub, but much smaller. Our main commerce comes from here and some of the great Eastern hubs. It’s all connected. There are underground rail lines to help with the transport.”
“I asked Clyde how this all stayed a secret, but I can see people from both sides rarely mix.”
“That’s not true. We just keep it under wraps mostly. We do bring a lot of commerce from aboveground too. Shopkeepers love the business, so they keep our secret. Besides, if you’re not from down here, you couldn’t find it if you tried. Even if someone hears a rumor and gets curious, most of them die down here before they find anything out.”
“Really?” I eyed her skeptically. “I guess I’d get lost, but still. If someone wants to find it, what happens if they do?”
“Well, if we find them before anything bad happens, and they’ve come alone and with intentions to stay, they are questioned and placed on probation, like you. If they’re here to spy or want to take our secrets back aboveground, they’re immediately imprisoned.”
I lifted an eyebrow. “There are prisons down here?”
“Well, yes, in a way. Criminals and trespassers are cryogenically frozen and stored in the deeper caverns where no one will ever find them.”
I almost choked on my eggs. “What? What if they’re wrongly accused?”
“They aren’t frozen without strong evidence of a crime. There are holding cells while they go to trial, but once convicted—which happens a lot faster here than aboveground—they’re frozen. It’d be a waste of resources to keep them awake and consuming the precious raw materials we all need to survive, so they’re kept for practically nothing in the cryo caverns, frozen and monitored.”
The shock of her statement made my stomach churn. I pushed my plate away and tried to swallow a mouthful of orange juice past the knot in my throat. 
“That’s awful.”
“It’s better than rotting alive in a prison.”
“Are they ever let out?”
She chewed pensively before answering, her long dark hair constantly falling into her face. Her bangs were far too long; they looked unruly and wild. Maybe she was growing it out. Maybe it’d been short before and was still in the awkward stages.
“Um, I heard a rumor that after a year, they undergo a mind modification which alters their memory so they can be set up in a new life elsewhere. If it works, they are released back into the world above with no memory of their time here. If it doesn’t work, they are placed back into cryo storage indefinitely.”
“Sounds barbaric.”
She shrugged. “It beats death, I guess.”
“Depends on who you’re asking.” I rubbed my eyelids. This place had more secrets than my life aboveground. “Any other gruesome things I should know about this place?”
Megan sipped on her glass of juice, thinking it over. “Maybe. I heard a rumor about other things kept in the cryo chambers besides the criminals.”
I leaned forward. “Like what?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. Some weird creatures. They look human but aren’t and are extremely dangerous. Something about them being supernatural.”
“Have you ever seen one of these creatures?” I asked.
“No. It’s just a rumor. You know, what parents tell their kids when tucking them to bed, so they don’t sneak out to the outer caverns. The tunnels go for hundreds of miles, and some end up in barely explored caves and caverns. Who knows what they found out there?”
I swallowed. Creatures of unknown origin creeping around this place… that was all I needed. I sipped the last of my juice, no longer hungry.
“Come on. Are you done? I want to show you the geode room.” Megan was practically jumping in her seat.
“What’s that?” I asked, grabbing my tray and piling all my garbage onto it.
Her eyes twinkled. “My geode room. No one knows about it except me because it’s way high up in the cavern walls. Part of my job is to rock climb and attach metal anchors to the walls. I work on the braces that hold the beams lining the walls. I check them for cracks, and since I’m small, I can fit anywhere, and I’m light enough for the cranes to help me part of the way up the walls. You’re small too. You know, you’d be a great rock diver. You should see about joining the Rock Divers Union. That’s what they call us. During one of my assignments, I found a small cavern which looks like the inside of a geode, except with a variety of colors and different-sized rocks, not just one type. I’m the only one who can fit through the entrance.” She beamed. “But now so can you. You’ll love it. What do you say? Feel like climbing?”
“Won’t we get in trouble?”
“From whom? The Superiors? Nah, they’ll think I’m training a new rock diver. They’ll love it. Most people don’t volunteer for a job involving heights. You’re not afraid of heights, are you?”
Come to think of it, I wasn’t sure.
“Um, I’ve never gone rock climbing, so I wouldn’t know.”
She winked as she grabbed my wrist and dragged me out of the cafeteria.
“It’ll be fine. Trust me. Just keep your eyes up.”
Famous last words, I thought.





Chapter Fourteen



Star

The nylon straps on the harness dug into my body like tourniquets. My fingers were sore from gripping onto the tiny rock ledges even though most of the climb we were being hoisted up by powerful cranes. Anchoring along hooks on the walls every so often reassured me that I wouldn’t plummet to my death, but I had to remind myself to not look down. The climb up the side of the cavern was treacherous and scary, but Meg was unfazed by the heights. I, on the other hand, was quietly going mad.
“How much longer?” I called out to Meg, who was above me and climbing the wall easily, as though she had been born for it.
“We’re almost there. Just another hundred feet or so. You’re doing great.”
I muttered my complaints under my breath and kept on, the leather gloves covering my sweaty hands as the ropes creaked and vibrated all around us. At least she wasn’t lying; we made it to the ledge of the cliff wall soon enough. Hoisting myself onto the ledge, my arms ached, and my legs burned.
“I don’t think I’m made for this climbing thing. How do you do it?” I heaved my breath in and out, exhausted from the climb.
“You’ll see. It’ll be well worth it. There’s nothing like it anywhere on Earth. Even when I went mountain climbing topside, it was nothing like this.” She began unclipping her harnesses and motioned for me to do the same. As I unhooked mine, I peered over at the City of the Glass Sky. It was massive and went for miles in each direction. Even though it was located inside an enormous tunnel, it spread out in a vast circle, and the edges could not be seen in the darkening of the tunnel.
“This place is amazing. I’ve never seen anything like it.” I glanced toward Meg, and she threw me an elated smile, agreeing.
“It certainly grows on you. Once you’ve been here awhile and leave, it stays with you forever. You’ll always come back.”
Glancing back over the city, I understood why she said that. What a hidden gem far below the vast destruction aboveground. I tried to brush thoughts of home from my mind, because all it brought was panic and anxiety, which was the last thing I needed. I knew I would get back topside eventually to rescue my parents. I just didn’t know when it would happen. Clyde hadn’t been specific about when he would take me back home. He had only mentioned that he wanted me safe. This was not our last stop on the trip. He still had to take me to his parents’ country house. I just wish he’d say when we could return.
I sighed, happy to be in such a wondrous place for now. Meg was right. I could see this place growing on me. One day I’d be living here for good. The chance to use my skills on the massive machinery was too good to pass up. Here, there were no expectations of marriage or having a family. There was no decorum to be followed. I loved that. When I found my parents and they insisted I still get married, I would return here. I just needed to know that they were safe. Once I knew that, my life could go on.
“Come on, slowpoke, there’s so much to see,” Meg called out to me.
I scrambled to my feet, tossing the last of the harnesses and ropes off me. It didn’t seem like there was anyone else up on the ledge, so we had no worries about losing our equipment. There was no wind either, which felt odd, but the air rarely moved in the caverns. The constant chill was the only thing I didn’t like, but the climbing gear included a jacket to keep the harnesses from cutting into my shoulders. It kept me toasty warm, especially after the exertion of climbing.
My shoulder was feeling better. The bruising had faded to a smear of yellow and green, and the pain no longer ebbed and flowed from the area. At least I knew it had healed well.
I followed Meg into a small crack in the cavern wall barely big enough for a small person to slip through. We were tiny girls, and svelte enough that we had no problem getting through. A guy like Clyde would have difficulties getting through, but maybe he could manage if he spent a few days starving himself first.
Thoughts of Clyde sparked a wave of flutters in my stomach. I hadn’t seen him since the day before, and I already missed his playful banter and intense looks. He’d grown on me for sure, and I wanted to talk to him again more than anything. I wondered where he’d gone off to. I wanted to ask him a few things and see if he could help me. For now, Meg was a great distraction.
As we made our way through the split in the wall, I felt a wave of claustrophobia and prayed the cave wouldn’t suddenly rumble and collapse, crushing us under the weight of the heavy rock hovering precariously over us. I swallowed down my apprehension, sweat gathering on my brow. I wiped it away.
Get a grip, Star, I told myself. Don’t be such a scaredy-cat. I wasn’t usually so skittish, but the past few days had challenged my view of the world in every way possible. Plus, being almost crushed under the governor’s mansion had given me a phobia of enclosed spaces around rock and debris. Who could blame me?
“We’re here,” Meg called out. She disappeared for a moment but then poked her head out from around the corner. “Come on, the light is hitting it just right at this time of day!”
Her excitement was contagious. I shimmied out of the tight crack and into another cavern. As my eyes adjusted, I was greeted by a glittery sheen of thousands of crystals sparkling and exchanging slivers of light. My jaw dropped. It looked like a jewelry store had thrown up in there.
“Wow,” was all I could say as I gawked at all the glittering crystals. They jutted out of the ground and from the roof up above. Amethyst, emerald, sapphire, and diamond blended together in a rainbow of color. It was absolutely breathtaking.
“Here.” Meg held out a crystal the color of a ruby which was the size of my pinky. I took it and felt the weight of it. It was heavy in my fingers but light enough to possibly make a necklace from it. 
“Wow. These are beautiful.” I studied the facets of the crystal, so clear and sharp. “I saw some people wearing crystals around their necks in the city. Is this where they got them?”
Meg shook her head. “They got them from another geode room, but it’s far underground, beneath the city. It’s been mined for crystals to trade aboveground and to create certain parts for the machines. They’re as precious as gold nowadays, and that’s how we make money and trade for other goods.”
“But this room looks untouched.”
“That’s the beauty of it! It’s all ours. No one comes up here, and it’s probably too far up to mine it properly without disrupting the cliffs, which could crumble and are too near the city. It’s pretty much ours.”
“Really?”
She nodded. “I already put in some paperwork to claim it, but it might take some time. Once a newly discovered cavern is claimed, no one else can use it.”
“You can claim a geode room?”
“Yes. Any unmapped cave you find can be deemed personal property if you file for it with the Main Commons Office.”
“That’s neat. I’m happy for you, Meg.”
Meg turned toward me and smiled. “Come on, there are different formations the farther in you go. Just make sure your overhead sensor is on in the headgear I gave you. It’ll go off if there’s falling debris. If it flashes and wails, it means to move out of the way.”
I touched my helmet, unsure how to turn on the sensor. I managed to click on the headlamp attached to it then shrugged. Meg rolled her eyes but smiled as she turned a tiny knob on my helmet and threw me a thumbs up.
“You’re all set.”
“Maybe equipment training should have been a consideration before the climb.” I crossed my arms, narrowing my eyes at her.
“Call it on-the-job-training.” She winked and waved me forward.
I was glad to have a new friend. Maybe being away from the normal everyday life would pay off. Crystals crunched beneath my feet as I walked, and the occasional falling crystal would crash into the surrounding area, making a racket. Each one made me jump, but luckily none had set off our overhead sensors. I hoped they never would.
“Why do you come here, Meg? What’s the point after you’ve been here several times? There’s no one else here.”
She shrugged as we reached the other side of the geode room. “Come on, there’s more. All worth it. You’ll see.”
We continued through another crack along the opposite wall from where we’d entered. This one led out of the geode room and into another cavern complete with a waterfall emptying into a small pool in the center of it. The water rumbled, and the mist sprayed into the cool air, which felt amazing after the hard climb. I expected to feel colder, but the air had an odd warmth to it. Maybe the stream was fed by a thermal spring. I peered up at where the waterfall originated to find a variety of foliage and flying animals. Maybe bats? There were even lights hooked up to brighten the cavern, which were connected to a hydro-wheel powered by the force of the water.
“Wow. This looks like paradise!” I stepped closer to gaze into the crystalline pool of water gathering at the end of the waterfall. It glistened, perfectly clear, and I could make out smooth rocks and rounded crystals at the bottom of the pool.
“Why is it warmer up here?”
“We’re near a tube where a river of molten lava flows. It keeps the caverns here warmer than the city. I love it. It’s like a pocket of summer when the fall and winter weather gnaw at you. Come on! The water is unbelievably warm. Jump in!”
She stripped down to her tank top and a pair of shorts she wore under her climbing suit. I had worn nearly the identical outfit since she’d handed it to me before coming here. After taking off my jumper and shoes, I dipped a toe in the water to get a feel for the temperature. It was pleasantly warm enough that it didn’t send a shock of cold through my body. Surprised, I slid into the water, sighing in pleasure. At its deepest point, it barely went to mid-chest.
“Wow, this is amazing.” I almost moaned in pleasure as my sore muscles calmed in the warmth of the pool.
“Isn’t it? I have extra clothes in the caverns surrounding this place. It’s like my home away from home.”
“You’re set up here already?”
She nodded. “Yeah. I’m hoping to create a homestead in here. I’ve got some growing lights for a garden in one of the caverns that the water flows into before disappearing underground. The caverns make up several living spaces, like apartments. You’re welcome to pick one. It’s truly first come, first served here. What better time to secure a paradise than now?”
I nodded as I studied the cavern, staring up into the high cliffs surrounding the falls. Where were we? Were we near Petra? If so, would any of these caverns lead me back to see if my parents were still alive? What if I could get there and back without Clyde knowing? 
“My parents would love it here, though I’m not sure if my mother would care for the climb,” I laughed, splashing water at Meg.
“They might think it’d be worth it. There are plenty of caverns to claim. Trust me, I’d rather your family live here with mine than anyone else’s.”
“Thanks.” I smiled, laughing again as I watched her dive under the water and snatch up a few of the water-smoothed crystals. She gathered some at the edge of the pool then dove down for more.
“Clyde would love it here,” I whispered more to myself than to Meg. He would indeed. If only I could get him up the cliff, maybe we could go swimming together. At the thought of Clyde, my mood darkened slightly. I knew he would never let me go back to Petra while he had an eye on me.
“Hey, Meg?” I called out.
“Yes?”
“Do any of these caverns go back to the tunnels that brought us to the city and back to Petra?”
“Yeah, one of them does. Why?”
I eyed the dark holes watching us silently from the walls of the pool.
“Oh, nothing. Maybe you can tell me which one it is, just so I know to avoid it.”
“It’s that one. It’s too narrow for most people too, so my little paradise is protected from prying eyes. It’s a straight shot to one of the doors to the tunnels, then you go right, and it leads straight to the center of Petra. But you don’t want to go there alone. Promise me you won’t go alone. It’s dangerous right now.”
I didn’t look at Meg as I floated in the water, feeling the spark of an idea growing inside me. “I promise I won’t go alone.”
Meg returned to diving for crystals while a plan unfolded inside my mind. Later, while lying on a towel Meg had produced, it all became clearer. I had to return to Petra. Without Clyde.





Chapter Fifteen



Star

“Hey, how’s it going?” Clyde stepped into the doorway of the room I shared with Meg. She was off for the day to visit some extended family in Lionel, and I had stayed to work on some gears, welding, tightening, and oiling the cogs. I had learned how to operate several machines the people of the city used to lift the gigantic cogwheels into place without assistance. The day had gone quickly, for I absolutely loved this type of work, and the solitude it provided me with had let me work out my escape route back to Petra to rescue my parents.
I had figured it all out. I only had to find an opening in time where I wasn’t expected to fix anything, and Clyde wouldn’t be around. Of course, there was the question of Meg, who would probably know exactly where I’d gone, so I wasn’t sure what I was going to do about her yet, but I suspected she went on frequent trips to Lionel to check on family. I’d have to do it when she left for one of these visits.
“Hey, stranger,” I said, surprised to see him. “Where have you been? It’s been days since I’ve seen you.” I placed my hands on my hips, feigning anger.
“I’m sorry, Star. I didn’t mean to leave for so long, but it couldn’t be helped. I hope Meg was able to help you get comfortable. I see you hit the wardrobe depot. Kind of fashionable, isn’t it?”
I peered down at my coveralls and long-sleeved denim shirt. It was a far cry from fashionable. In fact, some would find it downright frightening and not even close to the regality of the ballroom gowns I wore at the dances.
“I don’t really mind these. They’re mighty comfy even though the colors are atrocious. It does the job while I’m greasing up the gears. It’s quite a messy job. I think I’ve already gone through four pairs of coveralls and shirts alone.”
“Way to go, Star. Making yourself at home, I see. This place suits you.”
I smiled as his blue eyes glimmered beneath the harsh overhead lights. His dark hair shined as he brushed the strands away from his clean-shaven face, fresh from the shower. He smelled divine, like a bar of soap, but I suspected just being near him would always make my stomach flip.
“Thanks for bringing me here. I do like it a lot. I just wish my parents were here too. I can’t help but wonder if they’re in trouble, hurting, or worse. Have you found out any news about them?”
Clyde’s smile fell, straightening into a tight line as he slid down to sit on a chair at the foot of my bed. Leaning forward, he ran his fingers through his dark hair.
“I’m so sorry, Star. I put out the word to our spy network that we’re searching for them. President Farlan has tight security for anyone in his circle and around his mansion. I suspect your parents are being held there because no one else has heard word of them or their whereabouts. It would be darn near impossible to organize a rescue at the mansion unless we get someone inside somehow.”
It pained him to tell me this, I could tell by his furrowed brow and the strain between his eyebrows. His voice cracked as he spoke, and his fingers tightened into a fist, turning white as he dug them into the palms of his hands. I knew he would do anything to change the situation. He would even trade himself if he knew he could save my parents, but without spies or informants in the new president’s circle, there was no way of knowing what was going on or if there was even a potential to save them.
“Don’t blame yourself, Clyde. You’ve done so much for me already. I could never repay you for rescuing me. I—I almost died. So, thank you for being there when I needed you. I can never tell you how much I appreciate it.”
I stepped forward, scooping up his hands as I looked him in the eye. My breath arrested, and I could no longer speak. Being away from him for a few days had made me long to touch him, to hold him, and talk for hours about anything and everything. Just to hear his voice was more soothing than any kind of silence or comfort. He was home to me now, and I knew I was going to get through this even though I was going to leave without him soon.
Would he be mad when I snuck out to find my parents on my own? He’d never let me go back to the city to rescue my parents. He might even be mad when I returned with them in tow. Maybe I could eventually win him back to my side, and his anger would dissipate. I hoped so.
“Of course,” Clyde answered. “I’d do anything to keep you safe, Star. I hope you know that by now. I’m doing everything I can to help your parents. I’m hoping that with some time, we can get informants into Farlan’s inner circle so we can plan a coup against him. It’ll also help us rescue your parents. I swear that will be my ultimate goal in office.”
I pulled back. “What? What do you mean by ‘in office’?”
Clyde strained his features even more, his lips turning white from the pressure of pressing them together. He looked away and let go of my hands, looking guilty of some unknown offense. What had he gone and done? If he was running for office, that meant… that meant….
“I’m sorry, but I’ve been assigned to run for office as the new president’s secretary of commerce. Farlan is allowing these elections because he thinks only his people will get in, but I stand a good chance of winning, especially with the friendly vote of the working man. I have a lot of well-placed connections myself, so he won’t be able to object without stirring things up. And if I do win, I will get a seat in the cabinet and get to listen to everything he’s planning, his strategies, everything. He’ll want me to keep all the shipments going, and we can always stage blockades or boycotts to put pressure on him, and he won’t even know it’s from within.”
I jumped to my feet, the air leaving my lungs and making me feel dizzy with fury. “No. Absolutely not! How can you do this? Pick somebody else to do it. It can’t be you. Do you know how dangerous that’s going to be?”
He nodded. “Of course, I know, Star. But with my family background, I might be the only one in the resistance who can do it. Besides, I’m a great speaker. I’ve been told that I inspire people and ignite a fire within them to follow me. I need to use this power for the greater good which means getting close to Farlan so we can have a fighting chance against the Insurgents.”
I shook my head. This was crazy, how could he even think this would work?
 “No. I can’t let you do this. It’s dangerous. What if it gets you killed? What if they find out who you really are? The things they’ll do to you if they find out you’re a traitor.” I kept shaking my head, tears bursting from my eyes as I struggled to breathe, my head feeling lighter. I slid onto my bed, sobbing at this news. I had just found Clyde, and he was home to me. Without my family, without him, what would become of me? My heart would be broken, and I’d shatter beyond repair. There would be no place for me anywhere because I would retreat into myself and disappear. I couldn’t take the loss of my parents, and I wasn’t able to fathom losing him. It would be too much. It would be the end of my world.
“Please, Clyde, don’t do this. Please.” I sobbed into my pillow, hoping he would slip into my bed and comfort me, hold me close, and say it would be okay.
But he didn’t.
Long moments passed as he sat by my side, quietly rubbing my arms without another word. After several minutes, when I didn’t respond, I felt him get back up and leave the room.
How could this happen? How could Clyde leave me behind like this? What if this mission kept him away for months and months? What if it got him killed? I truly couldn’t bear it and would never forgive the people of the rebellion for such a thing. 
As the hours ticked by, I finally rubbed away the last of my tears and sat up in bed, my hair disheveled and wild. My tears had dried, streaking my face with their salty remains. Trails of my hopes and dreams. I knew right then that I was alone. It’d take me a few days to gather enough supplies so I could return home without Clyde, but at least I was resolved to do it. He was no longer at my side, and I would now definitely have to make this journey to save my parents by myself. He’d said his main goal was to help my parents, but I could see that if it came down to it, he’d have to sacrifice them for the bigger goal: to bring down President Farlan.
Whatever happened from here on out, it was going to be up to me. I alone had the power to rescue my family. I would get as close as I could to the president’s inner circle and do whatever I needed to do to get them out. Even if it cost me my life. There was no way I would let President Farlan continue with his terrifying reign of control over my family. There was no way he could stay in power forever.
I wouldn’t let it happen.





Chapter Sixteen



Star

I chose a room in the waterfall caverns where I would stash supplies over the next several days, hidden in corners and small pockets to keep them away from prying eyes. Meg was the only one who went there, but I couldn’t be too careful. She had no idea I often went there alone. It was nice to enjoy a few hours of quiet with only the waterfall as my company. I couldn’t take too much at a time, for climbing up the side of the cliff became harder the heavier my bags were. Regardless, I found myself in there repeatedly, discovering I liked solitude a lot more than socializing with the underground people. I knew I should try harder, but besides Meg and Clyde, I had no desire to make any new friends. Many tried, but I rebuffed their attentions, and they usually got the hint pretty fast.
Clyde was visiting the geode cavern for the first time. At least I’d make sure he wouldn’t find any of the supplies. If he did, my mission would be over before it even started. I had no intention of changing my mind, and I wanted to get going in a couple of days. His incessant questioning on where I disappeared to so often had to be squelched.
“The view from here is stunning,” Clyde commented. He peered over the edge at the city. The glittering lights looked like diamonds spread out across a black velvet tablecloth. “I’ve never been up this high. I really didn’t think there was much more to look at here,” he noted before he turned toward me, smiling. “I was so wrong, wasn’t I?”
“You said it, I didn’t. But yeah, you would be missing out on so much if you didn’t come up here. Trust me, this isn’t even the best part.”
Clyde lifted an eyebrow, his fierce blue eyes shining. Had I mentioned they changed colors depending on his mood? Right now, they were almost a light brilliant green, more turquoise than anything else, but the blue hovered beneath the surface just as well. His dark eyelashes and eyebrows framed them just enough to make them stand out more. I could get lost staring into them, but the moment I did, I remembered that his mission was so different than mine.
How had we been placed on the same road yet forced to walk down separate forks? I hated the fact that I had to hide information from him, and I sucked at keeping secrets. He’d be furious if he knew I would be leaving soon. According to him, he would be leaving in about two weeks, prepping for his upcoming run for office. There were already posters all over Petra of Clyde’s face, pasted along walls, posts, and billboards the resistance had paid for, from what I’d heard. 
I had to admit, I was impressed. The rebellion had the funding of a massive political campaign, and he would have deep pockets to back him up. I didn’t doubt he’d win the race. I wouldn’t do anything to stop him either. In fact, I was proud of him for undertaking such an immense task. I would never be able to do something like that. And maybe that was what kept us apart, far more than our destinies branching off in this strange new reality.
“So,” Clyde interrupted my thoughts. “You and Megan are getting along pretty well, I see.”
“Yeah, when she’s here she does her best to keep me busy. I take it that was your intention, introducing me to her?”
He grinned. “How’d you guess?”
“It was pretty obvious.”
It was my turn to suspiciously lift an eyebrow. I couldn’t hold it long though; I would fail at a staring contest in one second flat. Instead, I burst out laughing, and Clyde followed along. If there was a sound that I loved more than the waterfall, it was his laughter bouncing around the rocks surrounding me. If we weren’t so bloody cursed to be separated, I might have kissed him at that moment. His eyes studied my face, lingering a moment too long. It was hard to resist. He only had to lean forward, sweep me into his arms, and pull me closer, and I’d relent.
I looked away, feeling my cheeks burn as I nodded toward the crack in the wall leading to the geode room. “You went easy on breakfast like I told you?” I asked.
“Yep. Nothing but a cup of coffee and a dry piece of toast.”
“Good. I’m still not certain you’ll fit, but we’ll see.”
Clyde dropped most of his equipment behind him, for he definitely wouldn’t fit through the crack while wearing it. I slid in easily, becoming a contortionist in my own way, and burst out the other end to await him. He struggled through the crack but finally managed to shimmy past the rock, following me into the geode room. It sparkled with glittering gems and crystals flashing all around us. I could sit there for hours and just watch the crystals shine. I could see how people believed the crystals had healing powers and other kinds of properties. Just through going there over the past week, I truly felt that they did have these abilities. In the depths of their light, there was magic I couldn’t fathom.
“Wow! This is amazing!” Clyde beamed as he spoke, his eyes taking in the expanse of crystals.
“Isn’t it? I’ve never seen anything as beautiful as this. Here.” I handed him an overhead sensor to wear. “You want to keep this on at all times in case a crystal decides to mark you with an X. If it senses movement above you, it’ll beep and hopefully give you enough time to move before anything comes crashing down.”
“Killer crystals, eh? Now I’ve heard it all.”
“You bet.” I grinned wickedly as I activated my own sensor and flipped the flashlight on as we walked toward the waterfall cavern. The light dispersed into tiny rainbow pinpricks as it filtered through the prisms of crystal. It looked like a mirror ball spinning at a dance hall. My chest tightened as the memory of school dances flooded my mind. Attending school was a thing of the past now.
“This is great, Star. Thanks for showing me.” Clyde reached out and snagged my hand to hold while he followed, distracting me from my dark thoughts. It was warm and rough but comforting, nonetheless. I wanted it to be that way forever, but a cool draft fluttered over my skin, sending goosebumps over me with the thought that maybe I would never see him again once we were parted. If it happened, my heart would shatter, and I’d miss him so much.
I cleared my throat hoping to bury the void growing inside me. “Wait till you see the waterfall room. Meg wants to make it a family community where we can live and grow gardens and just thrive together. Like apartments but prettier and secluded. It’ll just be a few families living here. Quietly.”
Clyde was silent behind me, and I wondered for a moment if my words had made him rethink his plan to run for office topside.
“Star,” he finally said, “when I leave tomorrow, I’m going to have to take up residence in my family’s house again. I’ll have to remain there for months at a time. Keep up appearances, you know?”
I came to a sudden stop and whipped around, my eyes widening at his words. “Tomorrow? What do you mean? I thought you weren’t leaving for two weeks. Did you move up the timeline?”
Clyde nodded. “I didn’t move it, the rebellion did. They want to get my face in front of everyone immediately, which means mingling with people and creating an influential public persona right away. I’m sorry, Star. They just told me this morning.”
“N—no… it’s too soon. Do you know when you’ll come back?”
He shook his head, the corners of his eyes full of sadness. “No. It could be months. I really don’t know when it’ll be over. But Star, I swear if I find out any information about your parents, I will work to free them, so you won’t be alone down here. You’ll be updated constantly.”
I stepped toward the crack in the wall to enter the waterfall room. My heart sat in my throat like a hard, unmoving lump of coal. The air had disappeared, sucked from the room with an insane speed. It was true that I’d planned on leaving soon as well, but I’d hoped we’d have at least one more day together. I couldn’t breathe. I wanted to run, but there was nowhere to go. Instead, I used the chore of wriggling through the crack to the waterfall room to hide my despair. 
The pool glistened from the scant light seeping through slivers in the stone walls high above us. I wanted to cry and thought about jumping into the water just to hide those tears from Clyde. I didn’t want him to see me crying. What if he thought less of me? What if he thought I wasn’t as brave as he believed? My world was crumbling faster than I could handle. Nothing made sense. The tears were already springing forth. I ripped off my jumper and left my underthings on before I jumped into the pool.
“Star! Wait, what are you doing?”
I barely heard him as I resurfaced and wiped the water from my face, laughing almost manically. The warmth of the fluid eased the pain in my heart, and my tears disappeared with it. But I didn’t swim toward Clyde. Instead, I swam away. I didn’t want him to see the devastation chipping away at my soul, plainly written on my face.
“I like to swim. That’s why I love this place so much. There weren’t many swimming pools in Petra, but I made sure I visited the public pool every summer. I dragged my parents there even though they never swam. They would just sit on the benches and chat with other people while I shriveled up into a prune, sitting in the pool for hours.”
A splash caused me to jerk my head around. Clyde, who had also discarded his romper and shirt, was swimming easily, coming up behind me within seconds. He looked exhilarated from the water and it cooled off our moods in seconds.
“I can see why you like it here, Star. This is amazing. I would love to live here. It’s so serene, like the problems of the world can’t touch us.”
I sniffled; my nose stuffed up while my tears still slipped from my eyes. I dipped my head into the water, hoping to wipe them away, but when I rose, I was in Clyde’s arms. One of his hands was on my cheek, and he wiped away the bead of water and pressed his thumb into my skin, circling my cheek as he stared straight into my eyes. His soul was bared, and I could feel the longing ache radiating off of him as he pulled me closer, and his lips hovered far too near to mine.
“Clyde, I—I….”
“Shh. Don’t say a word, Star. Things may be changing fast, but I want this one moment to last forever. For us.”
I nodded, and as my eyes flicked back and forth, his lips brushed against mine. My heart beat wildly under my chest, madly trying to escape. His lips were soft and warm but also strong. Hungry for more. My own were bursting with a desperate need.
With a kiss, we risked it all. With one touch, we sealed our fate.





Chapter Seventeen



Star

Picking at my dinner, I watched Clyde across the table, wondering what was going through his head. Even just a thought of him with his lips on mine and his warm body next to me made my cheeks flush. Why did he have to be leaving so soon? It felt so abrupt, so sudden. I wanted more time with him, but it was just as well since I had planned to leave too. I supposed that in a way it couldn’t have been better timing. I’d already decided that since he was leaving the next day, I would too. Without him, I had no reason to delay my departure.
Would things have been different if he weren’t leaving, and I had been the only one going away? I didn’t know, but at that moment, it felt like an acid burn searing inside my heart knowing he would be going topside without me. At least I knew where his house was in the city of Petra in case I got in trouble. But it would be a last resort to go there, for it would mean I had not rescued my parents, and my mission was in jeopardy.
“Star… are you, all right?” Clyde asked. He looked over at me as I stabbed at my mashed potatoes, stirring them relentlessly. I had been picking at my plate and had barely taken a couple bites.
“I guess I’m just not that hungry,” I answered. “It’s just that your leaving is kind of upsetting. I thought we had more time.”
Clyde reached over and scooped up my hands within his, a smile lighting up his face. The gesture alone made my insides warm. His blue eyes glistened beneath the artificial lights above us while the soft murmur of everyone else having dinner around us in the cafeteria seemed to fade away.
“I know. I feel the same way. I thought I had more time to spend with you too, but I guess that’s the way things go. I promise I’ll come down and visit whenever possible. I will make it a point. There’s no way I’m going to be able to go weeks upon weeks without seeing you. I promise to return for you whenever it’s safe.”
I nodded. I just wondered if I would be there when he returned.
“I’m going to miss you,” I sighed, feeling the weight of my thoughts bearing down on me.
“I’m going to miss you too.”
He squeezed my hand one more time, and I looked into his eyes. He made my insides turn to mush. Oh, if only we’d just had more time. Maybe it would have made it more difficult to let go. We had barely started to get to know each other in a more intimate way. I just wanted it to last and to feel him near me, to hold him close and kiss him.
He cleared his throat. “Hey, I heard you have several jobs lined up ready to go here. Who knew they needed a welder so badly?”
I nodded gently, still lost in my thoughts. “I know. They really don’t have that many welders. It seems to be a skill that’s not actually taught much topside, so down here there’s hardly anybody who knows how to do it. For once, my skills have come in handy.”
“I’m glad you’re fitting in so well. I was worried you’d have nothing to do here and get bored,” Clyde said, squeezing my hands one more time. 
Suddenly a bout of guilt hit me, and I felt the room sway. He was right; I’d been given several tasks to complete, and the folks in the underground depended on me. It would take several days to complete the list of projects. Each one was intricate and difficult, involving large pieces of machinery. But I wasn’t going to be there to do those jobs. The other welders were going to have to pick up the slack because I was leaving, but I couldn’t tell them that. I couldn’t reject the jobs without coming under suspicion. 
Maybe I could fake being sick. Then they wouldn’t expect me for a day or two. But I couldn’t fake it for weeks on end. What would they do when they discovered I was gone? Dammit, I wished they hadn’t asked me to do these things. It didn’t give me much wiggle room. I hoped they didn’t send anyone after me.
“I’m glad you found a place to fit in. I thought you might love it here.” Clyde played with my fingers, lost in his thoughts.
“I do love it down here. The geode and waterfall caverns, Meg, you, and the jobs they gave me... it’s been a dream come true. I never imagined a war would have to happen for me to get the life I dreamed of.”
Clyde nodded as he let go of my hand, grabbed his drink, and sipped it thoughtfully. I could imagine the myriad of things flying through his head. Even though he did not appear nervous, I knew deep inside he was apprehensive about his mission topside. It would take a lot of convincing, but he had the right contacts to back him up. He was the best person to complete the job and run a political campaign. Me, on the other hand? My mission scared me to death. 
I was going at it all alone, without Clyde, my parents, or even Meg at my side. What was I thinking? It had disaster written all over it, and I worried that I wasn’t going to get out of it alive. But I had to take the risk if there was a sliver of a chance I could succeed.
“Are you all right?” Clyde asked. “You look kind of green. Are you feeling sick?”
I shook my head, quickly grabbing my drink and taking a sip. If he knew exactly what was running through my mind right now, he would stop his own mission just to convince me to stay. Maybe he’d even have me locked up or confined to my quarters. There was no telling what he would do, but I didn’t want him to even think about such a thing.
No, he had to leave so that my plan could succeed. If he stayed or if he had any inkling that I was going to be running away, things would just get more complicated.
“I’m just sad you’re leaving,” I lied, though my sadness was very real. “It just feels like someone sucked out all the air in the room. That’s all. Plus, I haven’t been sleeping well. Too nervous about stuff, you know?”
“Yeah. I feel the same way.” Clyde reached for my hands once more and gave them a firm squeeze. It helped my stomach settle, but I knew the clock was already ticking on our destinies, and by early morning—too early, really—he would be gone.
“Come on.” I tugged at his fingers. “Let’s get out of here. I’m not hungry anymore. I don’t want to spend our last few moments together talking about things that don’t matter. Let’s go relax. You’ll be gone before we know it.”
Leaving the cafeteria behind, escaping the murmur of people chatting as though they hadn’t a care, calmed my nerves some. It wasn’t enough. I knew those people were the lucky ones. They could keep on talking the evening away, for their hearts weren’t going to be ripped into pieces come morning. They weren’t going to be walking into danger.
I envied them more than anyone in the world.





Chapter Eighteen



Star

The next morning, I watched Clyde walk away with my heart. It was the hardest moment of my life up until that point. Even knowing I had yet to see my parents again and that they might be dead or imprisoned wasn’t as hard as watching Clyde break free from my arms and leave with a group of his men. 
Without me.
As he rounded the corner and disappeared, my heart felt like it was going to break. I wished it wouldn’t. I wished nothing were real.
“He’ll be back soon, and I bet there won’t be a day that goes by that he doesn’t think about you.” Megan’s comforting words eased my heartache as she side-hugged me. I knew she meant well, so I let her reassurance ease me even though inside, I was numb. The only thing driving me was the knowledge I would be following Clyde up to the surface very soon.
Meg had postponed her trip to see her family so she could say goodbye to Clyde. She said she’d wait a few more days to keep me company. I appreciated her concern, but it made things more difficult for me. I only had to return to my room and hope that Meg would find something to distract her while I made a break for the cliff and up to the geode room and then the waterfall cavern. 
“I know,” I finally replied. I hoped he was already missing me. My embrace, my kisses, my voice. My mission was at hand, and I felt anxious to get going. I only had to throw Meg’s suspicions off. There had to be something better for her to do than hang around pitying me. I glanced over at her, feeling the burn of tears which refused to fall.
“You’re lucky,” she said. “There aren’t very many great guys down here. I’ll probably have to go to the surface to find a husband one day, but that’s okay. I just hope they’ll know about the underground and won’t need too much coaxing to return here with me. I really don’t want to leave.”
I nodded and smiled at her, hoping she was convinced that I was listening to her story. I felt bad for her and understood her plight. It was funny how much our lives paralleled each other, and in other ways our upbringings and choices had taken us on two separate paths, yet there we stood, together.
“I’m sure the perfect gentleman is going to show up any minute, Meg.”
She nodded absentmindedly as she picked at her nails. Her hair was brushed, and she had a bit of rouge and eyeliner on, which made me wonder what was different.
“Do we have some visitors coming?” I asked, hoping to keep her focused on anything but me.
“Well, the Council is visiting today to check out the machines and supplies and do their monthly inspection of the city. Jeffrey is one of them. As one of the youngest councilmembers, he holds a prestigious position. I only know him because we went to school together topside before we both came down here. Now he’s part of the Council and helps run things. Can you believe it?” She blushed while she spoke of this Jeffrey, and I immediately knew that she had feelings for the guy. 
Perfect. She would be distracted and probably wouldn’t have time to keep an eye on me every second of the day.
“That’s great! Does he know how you feel about him?”
“Oh, no!” Her eyes widened as though the horror of such a revelation would be just too much for her to bear. “I wouldn’t dare tell him. Besides, we’re just friends. And what makes you think I feel anything for him anyway?”
“It’s just the way you spoke about him. It seems like you guys might’ve been close when you knew each other in school.”
“No. I doubt he’d think of me that way, but he does talk to me since we did know each other. It’s kind of nice to have a conversation with him just to catch up. At least I have an excuse to speak to him.”
“That’s absolutely true. When is he supposed to get here?”
“Should be right about now. See? The Council’s already here. They probably ran right into Clyde on the way in.”
I looked over to see a group of people entering the cafeteria. A crowd followed behind them as they walked. They looked important, wearing long, colorful robes with white tailored shirts beneath. I spotted Jeffrey right away, for he was the youngest looking fellow in the group. Megan’s eyes were glued onto him from the moment she spotted him. His spiky, blonde hair glowed beneath the artificial lights as he smiled, white teeth flashing. He was tall and lanky but not too gangly. I approved of her choice.
I grinned to myself. This would make it far too easy for me to escape. I was glad for the distraction, so I kept questioning her about this guy.
“Well, he sure is a looker, Meg. You know how to pick them! Are you sure he doesn’t know how you feel?”
“No, why?” Meg asked, tossing me a side glance.
“Because he’s already making a beeline toward us. You were the first person he smiled at when he entered the room. I think the feeling is mutual.”
Meg looked horrified but then appeared to compose herself, smoothing out her hair and pressing down her clothes as Jeffrey approached us.
“Hello, Megan. It’s been a while.” Jeffrey winked as he spoke. He turned toward me and continued to smile, holding out his hand. “I’m Jeffrey Sullivan. And you are?”
“I’m Star. Star Rickton. It’s nice to meet you, Jeffrey.”
“It’s nice to meet you too, Star. I’m glad to meet any friends of Megan’s. I haven’t seen her in a while.”
By the way his face lit up when he laid eyes on my friend, I knew he felt the same way she did, yet neither one was going to admit it. Just lovely. Watching them get lost in each other’s eyes gave me the feeling that this was definitely my cue to leave.
“Excuse me, Meg. I’m going to go check my list of tasks to complete today, since you did mention that the Council likes to look at the machines and review the progress being made on them. I also want to make sure everything is cleaned up in my work area. I wouldn’t want it to be untidy.”
They both nodded but barely glanced my way as I turned. Relieved to have been given reason to slip away from Meg without a fight, I exhaled slowly, easing my harried heart. I had barely taken one step away when a loud rumble shook the ground, and we all fell to our knees as rocks and bits of dust fell on us.
“What was that?” Meg screamed. Jeffrey scrambled to his feet and looked around confused, helping her back up.
“It sounds like we’re under attack!” Jeffrey’s eyes widened as we scanned the area. “You should find shelter. I’m going to check the others to see if anyone needs help.” Jeffrey urged Meg to leave before he began motioning the other councilmembers to move. Dammit, there went my window to escape. Meg turned toward me, grabbed my wrist, and began tugging me in the direction of our room.
“Come on. We need to return to our quarters. It’s the safest place and the closest shelter.”
I followed, barely able to comprehend what was going on as gunshots rang out, and the ground shook again. We dropped to the floor, tucking our heads under our hands. Had the Insurgents found us? Had they come to bury us alive?





Chapter Nineteen



Star

Meg jumped to her feet when the shots stopped and dragged me to mine. She began steering us back to our sleeping quarters, since I admittedly felt turned around and couldn’t say which direction to take. I could see she could find her way around with her eyes closed. Arriving at our room, she slammed the door behind us and motioned for me to hide under the bed as she shoved a chair beneath the doorknob.
“Hopefully, they won’t check these quarters since we’re part of the row of storage rooms.” She joined me under my bed, and we lay there on our bellies. My pulse hammered in my head, and I tried to slow my breathing. If I died, my parents would never know what had happened to me. Plus, I’d never be able to free them. I closed my eyes, willing my heart to beat more slowly so I could hear over the ruckus it was making. 
As we both huddled under the bed, something warm and sticky grew on my side. Had I been shot? I pressed down on my clothes and rubbed my fingers together. It was blood, but it wasn’t mine. I wasn’t hurt at all. Nothing felt off. Just my clothes were stained, wet, and stuck to my chest. I turned to check on Meg, who was clutching her side. Her jumper was soiled, and she reached up, tugged a shirt from the nearby laundry pile, and pressed it to her side.
“Meg, you’ve been hit! We need to get you help right now. You need medical attention.”
“Shh. I’ll be fine. Quiet. I can hear footsteps outside.” She tugged at my shirt, and we both fell silent. Meg’s breathing was shallow and rapid, and I feared her wound was far more serious than she thought. Sweat pooled at her back and soaked through her shirt. I pressed my lips together as I heard more noises down the hall.
A moment later, boots thumped across the concrete outside the room, and I could hear people scuffling by, some screaming. More shots rang out, making me jump. My fear knotted up in my throat, and I felt my stomach twist. We clung to each other as whoever was at the door tried the knob, shaking it violently, but to my relief, it didn’t budge. They then tried kicking in the door. 
“Shoot to kill! No survivors!” I heard a gruff voice call out.
The insurgent must have hurt his foot or something because he stopped kicking and let out a string of expletives before one of his partners came to help him limp away. Someone else called out about this being a storage level and to move on.
Thankfully, they did. The sound of their boots fading brought the sweetest relief. The things they had said, though, reminded me that the Insurgents weren’t there to help anybody; they were there to exterminate us.
Shoot to kill! No survivors! The words echoed in my head like the fading tone of a bell.
I still felt sick—too lightheaded to breathe. I turned toward Meg. She was pale, and I watched as she went limp. She fell against me, but I shook her shoulder.
“I think they’re gone. Maybe we should try to escape and go to the cliff, okay, Meg?” I turned to find her eyes blank and staring at me. Her body was slack, frighteningly still, and I could tell she had stopped breathing. Blood had completely soaked the jumper and was spreading across the floor.
“Meg, no, no, no… please. Please don’t leave. I’ll get you some help, I promise. Please wake up. Megan…?”
She didn’t respond. Her eyes dulled with the glaze of death. My chest seized as I stifled a scream into my hands. The Insurgents could still be lurking. Tears burned in my eyes and slid down my cheeks as I whimpered, more afraid than I’d ever been in my life. It took me a moment to gather myself before I reached over to feel for a pulse at her neck. Her skin remained warm, and a tear still unshed from her moment of death fell from her eye, landing on the concrete floor and disappearing into the puddle of blood. It dripped from her mouth, dark and oily in the dim light. My fear crept up my throat, knowing there was nothing else I could do for her.
She was gone. No one deserved to die like that. No one.
“You could’ve come with me,” I whispered, sniffling and wiping my nose on my sleeve. “You should’ve come with me.” I muttered it repeatedly. In my desperation, I’d left her out of my plans. How could I have done that to my best friend? She’d accepted me without any conditions, only showing me good will and friendship. I had left her out of my plans, and now she was dead right next to me. I should have offered to take her with me, and I should have left early in the morning, even before Clyde. If I had, she’d still be alive. Now it was too late.
For minutes, I listened for the tromping of boots down the hallway. The gunshots were now in the distance, moving farther and farther away. Could I make it to the cliff undetected? Could I make it without being seen or killed? I wasn’t sure, but I couldn’t wait forever. Who knew how many people had died already? I was a sitting target if I stayed. I hoped Clyde and his group had made it to the surface. There was no way of telling if he was still alive. I’d have to check his townhouse topside to be sure. I’d only need but a moment to see him, and then I’d know he was okay. Then I’d continue on my mission.
But first, I had to get moving. I rechecked Meg, but she remained still. No heartbeat… nothing. I choked on my tears; I knew I had to go, but I didn’t want to leave her. But I had no choice. I hoped someone from the underground found her and gave her a proper burial. If not, I’d come back, find her, and take her to the geode and waterfall caverns. She would rest there always and forever. I swore I’d do that for her.
I crawled out from under the bed after what felt like an eternity. After quickly changing out of my bloody clothes, I strapped on my backpack, along with my climbing gear. Crouching by the door, I pulled it open. It made a small squeak from being kicked, but it sounded like the loudest screech ever. I cringed. Rushing down the corridors which led in the general direction of the cliff, I prayed no one would spot me. Dark clothing was my ally, and I was relieved I’d put on something black and inconspicuous.
Along the way, I found several people on the ground, bleeding, crying, reaching for me, but they were too injured for me to help them. Some were already gone. And some of them were Insurgents, lying dead and beaten. This reassured me that the underground was fighting back.
Finally, I reached the bottom of the cliff and began ascending, praying that nobody caught me going up until I was high enough that their weapons wouldn’t reach me. I climbed and climbed, holding on to the jutting rocks.
I thought I heard someone shouting. Holding my breath, I held still, unmoving for a few moments until the voices ebbed away. Resuming the climb, I reached the edge of the plateau, heaved my body over the threshold, and breathed hard for a few seconds. There was no time to rest. I had to move, or risk being caught. I pulled the last rope up so no one could use it to follow me and shoved the gear into a hole in the cavern wall in case somebody did make it up this far.
I shook off my pack and slid it through the crack into the geode room, following through right after. Rushing through the beauty of it all felt disrespectful, but I dared not linger and admire the crystals glimmering around me.
Meg should be here, escaping with me. She should’ve been the one to live.
Tears streamed down my cheeks as I fumbled through the next crevasse into waterfall chamber, stifling my sobs with my sleeve. I could barely keep going. I collapsed onto my knees, crying out for my friend, for my family, for everything I had lost. I wanted to breathe my last there, with the roar of the water drowning out my sobs. The tears fell until I had no more left to shed. 
What seemed like an eternity later, I shook off my despair and gathered my things. I rinsed my face in the pool of water and wiped away the last of my pain. Inhaling the sharp scent of moss and cavern air, I raced out of the underground, not knowing what the future would bring or if I’d ever return to my paradise again.





Chapter Twenty



Star

Traveling down the tunnels without Clyde felt worse than I thought it would. It frightened me down to my pathetic, cowardly core. The long, dark halls were foreboding and hollow even though they were lit intermittently by sconces. All alone, every sound was amplified and echoed off the stones, creating the illusion of unwanted company and moving shadows. I started talking to myself to keep the quiet from swallowing me up and driving me mad. It didn’t work. I stopped from fear of hearing my own echo.
I was afraid to run into the disruptors, but I saw none. What made them come out? What sort of disturbance woke them? I couldn’t tell which way Clyde had taken to head back to Petra. Maybe he’d gone straight to the surface and traveled that way, but I had not thought to ask him before he left, and wished I had. All I could say with certainty was that I was truly and utterly lost. Without the sun to guide me, I had no sense of direction. Even though I had set out with a bag full of rations and water, I wondered how many people had died down in the maze of tunnels which, from what Clyde had told me, ran the length of the entire Earth. 
Could the whole planet be made of machinery, rock, and dirt? Clyde had hinted at that. I wondered if I walked long enough, would I end up in China? I didn’t have enough curiosity in me to find out. I just wanted to get back home, but none of the doors looked familiar, and there were no directions printed on the walls for safety’s sake. It certainly wasn’t user friendly, but the natives probably didn’t need a map. I could understand why, but it made for a difficult journey, and every door I tried was locked. What if I was stuck down there longer than I’d planned? The thought did cross my mind, but I tried to shove it away and tuck it into the corners of my brain, which I rarely visited.
There was no turning back now. Meg was gone. Clyde had left. Nobody even knew about me anymore. There was no way of telling if the rebellion had won against the Insurgents or had lost the Glass Sky. It was far too risky to turn back. I’d have to find my own way from now on.
After walking for hours, I found a small alcove to rest in. I slid into it and prayed that the spiders and the bugs would keep away for the night. It felt like it should be dark outside from the way my fatigue was starting to slow me down, but I couldn’t tell. I leaned against the cold stones and ate my meager meal of a wrapped sandwich, trail mix, and water. I wasn’t very hungry, not after what had happened to Meg. It didn’t feel like I had the right to be eating or even alive and breathing. I knew she wouldn’t want me to feel that way, but I did. I just wanted to wake up from the nightmare and discover that she was still alive, happy and chatting away. She had been so close to starting a life with a guy she liked a lot, and everything had come crumbling down. Someone like me shouldn’t have been so fortunate to repeatedly survive tragedy. Someone like her deserved to live so much more.
“Just shut up, Star,” I whispered to myself. “No more self-loathing.” I had enough misery packed up inside to last a lifetime, and I didn’t deserve any of the good fortune I’d been given. I just wanted to get back to Petra and save my parents. But after all this time, it made me wonder: were they even looking for me?
There was no way to know for sure. Luckily, sleep overtook me, for my thoughts were too heavy to bear, and my body was worn out. However long I’d been asleep, it felt like mere seconds. I was still sitting upright when I heard the undeniable crunch of dirt across cobblestones from a footfall. The sound jerked me awake, and I pulled out the knife I had strapped to a pocket of my backpack.
I slowly got to my feet, trying hard to keep my breathing under control before I hyperventilated. I swung my eyes across the darkness beyond and hoped the lights would switch on soon. Clyde had said they turned on when motion was detected, but even with my slight movement, they hadn’t come on. Whoever was approaching wasn’t keeping too quiet either. Maybe they wanted me to know they were there. My heart hammered as sweat poured down my temples. I gripped the knife with whitened knuckles, afraid I might just have to use it.
My thoughts raced as the seconds ticked by. Should I step out in front of them, or did I wait until they came upon me to strike?
“Who’s there?” I called out, too afraid to wait any longer. Peering around the corner, I took in the expanse of the tunnel. Luckily, my eyes were adjusted to the darkness. As I wiped the sleep from my eyes, the lights flickered on, blinding me with their stark illumination. I was definitely not alone anymore.
A girl about my age stood perfectly still nearby, as though waiting for me.
“It’s okay, I’m not going to hurt you. I’m here to help. Is your name Star?” the girl asked.
My eyes widened as she spoke my name, surprised she knew who I was.
“How do you know my name?” I demanded, holding the knife up. My fear was winning out while my pulse pounded in my head, drowning out the noise of our voices echoing in the tunnel.
“My name is Francesca, but you can call me Fran. I’m Clyde’s sister. He sent me here to find you.”
I almost fainted at the sound of Clyde’s name. He had a sister? Oh, yeah, I remembered now; he had mentioned her when I’d borrowed her clothes at his townhouse. It all came tumbling back to me. She should have been with his parents at their country house in hiding, safe and sound. What was she doing there?
“Clyde… is he okay? Have you seen him?” The desperation in my voice was obvious, and she threw me a sympathetic smile. She did not look like she would hurt me—not that I’d be able to really tell—but I’d learned a lot from aristocratic society. Most people never told the truth, and a lot of people were passively aggressive in their observations, always whispering among themselves what they knew they couldn’t say out loud. This girl did not appear to be aristocratic. She didn’t look like anyone I’d ever known, really. She seemed kind, her eyes shiny, and her smile a bit too wide. But how could that be? Why was it that her presence felt odd? She was but a girl near my age, like Meg.
“Clyde is fine. He’ll be happy to know that you are too. He heard of the attack on the underground, and when they had recovered enough to fight back and captured all the soldiers who’d infiltrated the city, they were able to send out communications to the rebels aboveground. Once he heard about the attack, he sent me a message to our home in the country. He was unable to return to the underground because he would fall under suspicion, so he asked me to see if I could locate you in the tunnels. He said you might head this way. It seems my brother knows you a lot better than you think.”
“Wow, yes he does,” I pondered. “It’s nice to meet you, Fran. He told me about you, but not a lot. I’m sorry I don’t recall much. It’s all been a whirlwind.”
She nodded and waved me forward. “That’s all right. He probably also failed to mention that I’m an automaton.”
I was taking a step forward when I paused, my jaw dropping open. “A what? What do you mean by that?”
“By automaton?”
I nodded.
“I’m a machine. An android made of circuits, metal, and synthetic flesh designed to look like a human. When Clyde’s parents—my parents—couldn’t conceive a daughter, they had me made.” She looked at me curiously, as though I should have known what an automaton was.
“You’re not human? I’ve never heard of automatons before.”
She smiled, and I could now see the tiny artificial quirks which stood out on her face. I could also hear the tiny whirs of her gears that filled the silence in the tunnels, barely audible to the human ear. Only if a person were looking for these things would they be noticed. Otherwise, she appeared completely human.
“That’s okay. He told me your family was quite prestigious and might have omitted telling you about these sorts of things since they hadn’t told you about the underground. Most of the Earth’s population died in the wars. There were just a few million humans who survived the battles. Then, those who did survive were poisoned, and most who died were female. Now female human children are rare, and that’s why most girls are made to marry and reproduce as soon as they turn sixteen. The Earth’s population depends on it. Most females you observe anywhere in the world are automatons, but those who are human are the most precious of commodities.”
This information made me sick. She had to be kidding, right? The more I learned about my world, the farther away from it I felt. I was not a commodity to be won or prized. What kind of a messed-up world was this?
“You’re joking, right?”
She smiled again, showing off bright, perfectly white teeth. Except for the minuscule whirs of gears and cogs, she could totally pass for a human female. Her cheeks flushed; her eyes twinkled. In fact, she had the same, blue-toned eyes and jet-black hair as Clyde. How was she not real?
“I’m sorry, Star. Clyde told me to tell you everything and to not hold back. He thought you’d appreciate the honesty and said he was sorry he wasn’t able to tell you more about the world himself. Since you’re returning topside, he thought it best for me to get you acclimated, so you won’t be misinformed ever again. Also, I’m here to help you with anything that you might need.”
“Rip off the bandage, why don’t you?” I muttered, feeling like I shouldn’t have eaten anything earlier as my stomach tightened. This day couldn’t get worse, could it? 
Why yes, Star. Yes, it could. You’re supposed to be a breeding machine. Welcome to your life.
“Excuse me?” Fran asked, crinkling up her eyebrows. I almost fell over. She was so real. Scary real. Except for her naivetés, she was just like me. Maybe I was an automaton too. That would make things a whole lot less complicated.
“Nothing,” I replied, clearing my throat. “Just tell me everything you know, Fran. Just take it slow, and yeah, don’t leave anything out.”





Chapter Twenty-one



Star

I was stunned, intrigued, and horrified all at the same time. I wished Clyde had been upfront with me and had told me that his sister was a robot. Not that it would’ve made much of a difference, but at least I would’ve felt that he entrusted me with things like that. Now I didn’t know how to feel about the world around me anymore. Especially when Fran claimed almost all females were automatons.
Megan wasn’t. I sure as hell was not. But almost every other woman I’d seen? The idea was insane.
“Will Clyde be joining us at your family’s cabin?” I asked.
Fran kept on walking, turning slightly to project her voice over her shoulder. “Yes, he hopes to.”
I perked up at this. “Do you know when he’ll be coming?”
“No.”
I frowned. Fran wasn’t much of a conversationalist. This was a big red flag that marked her as different, even though I had met people exactly like her, flat personality, pretty face.
“Not even an estimate?”
“Possibly two days. If he can’t get away, he’ll get through to us some other way.”
I sighed. At least it was a better answer. I couldn’t help but want more of an explanation. Why was the world made up of metal and gears? How would I be able to tell who was human and who wasn’t? What was really going on?
 As I followed her down the long tunnel, I clasped my arms around me, shivering from the chilly temperature. I was in the company of a robot. She wouldn’t have noted my discomfort. Automatons didn’t get cold, did they? Maybe she did. It was possible she was more real than most people I’d met throughout my life. Yet there I was, more alone than I had ever felt before, even in her company. I missed my family, I missed Megan, and most of all, I missed Clyde. 
Not that things would be much better if my parents were free. If they were, they’d have found me by now, right? I was starting to believe they were dead, and all this was for nothing. There was no point to it all anyway. What if everyone I’d known my entire life were automatons? All the lies and information withheld from me hung in the air thicker than smoke. I felt a bit lost, as though I’d just awoken from a dream to find that the real world was far different than I believed, and I was now stuck in some nightmarish alternate universe.
I felt desperation wash over me with a cold and all-encompassing embrace. Maybe Fran was lucky she didn’t feel these kinds of emotions as heavily as I did. I’d have to ask her if she knew what it meant to feel complete and utter despair, or what it meant to feel totally alone. Maybe she’d cock her head to the side and ponder it like a rhetorical question. Or she’d smile and say she understood, when truly she couldn’t.
But there were other things bothering me as well. I was afraid to find out if she was more human than the rest of us. I could see the purpose of her existence but being replaced by robots still didn’t make the most sense to me. It was a puzzle I had to solve. One that didn’t come with instructions.
Finally, after we’d walked long enough for my legs to begin burning with fatigue, we came upon a door. The sounds of laughter echoing from above made me feel better after the long trek. We entered a cool but dry basement, full of stored canned food, sacks of flour, beans, and roots. Bottles full of dark liquid lined one wall. I wondered how they’d acquired it all. It must have taken forever to accumulate such bounty. What place would require such vast amounts of supplies?
“Are you cold?” Fran asked, finally noticing me shivering in the dim light.
“Yes,” I whispered.
“Come on. My mom will have something hot and delicious to warm your soul.”
I paused, surprised she had realized my needs. Maybe she was aware of a lot more than I had thought. Shaking off my shock, I followed her up the stairs and into the most fairytale-like cottage I’d ever seen. My mouth dropped wide open in awe. It was like walking into a storybook come to life. Through the windows I could see that it was set in the middle of the woods, far from any civilization.
A row of pies sat cooling on racks lined up on one side of a counter. Bread loaves wrapped in cloth sat in baskets on the table, also cooling, making the entire place smell divine. The meager meal I’d eaten on our way there was all but gone, and my stomach rumbled with hunger, squeezing tightly. I was famished.
“Everyone, this is Star Rickton, the Chief Superior’s daughter,” Fran announced. “Star, this is my family.” Fran waved toward the woman by the oven, who made her way over, wiping her fingers on her apron. “My mother, Elle, and my father, Maris.” The couple she introduced me to showed me exactly where Clyde had gotten his good looks. He possessed his father’s features, including his sparkling azure eyes, but his smooth, straight nose had obviously come from his mother.
“Hello.” I smiled shyly, waving at the family.  Fran led me to the table, where Elle was already plopping down heaping plates of food and a tall glass of milk.
“Hello, Star. It’s wonderful to meet any friend of Clyde’s. Especially a beautiful and talented young lady such as yourself.” Elle grinned widely, her hazel eyes sparkling beneath the lights of the room. Her long dark hair was pinned back in a messy bun, and beneath the apron, she wore brown work pants and a simple blouse. Clyde’s father, who had a thick, neatly trimmed beard and wore his hair short, shifted chairs to add to the seating area. They were both tall and slender like Clyde. 
The place was not that small, but it was cozy. The fire crackled in a huge cast iron stove, where pots of soup and other stews steamed. It warmed the room plenty without using too much space. Pictures of the family hung on every wall. Surrounded by smiles and love, I took in the different faces of Clyde at several ages. It was surreal being dumped into his life without him there, but also eye opening. I liked it. It brought Clyde closer to me even though we were farther apart than ever.
“Eat up, my dear. I just finished cooking and started on my soups for the month. There’s so much extra! Everything will just get thrown into jars in cold storage if I don’t feed it to someone. Canned soup is good, but fresh is the best!”
I laughed before grasping a spoon and scooping mouthfuls of her comfort food into my mouth. The hot liquid slid down my throat and warmed my soul from the inside out. Sighing with bliss, I couldn’t get enough of it. I could eat this for days, including the fresh, hot rolls she offered with sweet cream butter melting into the bread. I used the crust to sop up some of the soup, barely savoring each bite.
“Wow! This is amazing.” Out there in the middle of nowhere, I was eating better than I had in years. My parents would have loved it. I nearly choked as my thoughts ran wild, and Fran gave me a swift slap on the back.
“Slow down. You don’t want this to be your last meal,” Elle commented.
“Sorry, I just… my parents would’ve enjoyed this. I’m sure Clyde would’ve too.”
Elle slid into a chair, her eyes glistening. A momentary sadness passed across her face before she banished it with a smile. It was amazing how she could shift the mood in the room with her expressions. Clyde was like that. Just like his mother.
“Yes. This is Clyde’s favorite soup. I make gallons of it just for him.” She sighed, thinking of her son. Crow’s feet framed her eyes as smile lines ran deep around her mouth. I could tell she worked hard but remained happy, nonetheless.
“Really? Well, my parents would definitely approve.” I felt a knot in my throat and reached for my drink to drown it. I couldn’t break down now. Not in front of Clyde’s family.
“I’m so sorry to hear about your parents.” Elle cupped my hand; it was warm and soft. “They are quite prestigious. I wish we could’ve saved them. We knew this attack was coming, but no one would listen to us. I wish we’d been near, so we could’ve evacuated your family. Clyde would’ve helped. He’s done so much for those less fortunate. When we got the warning about the Insurgents infiltrating the city, he tried to evacuate everyone he could from our factory and the ball.”
“Wait—what?” I stopped eating, soup sloshing from my spoon. “You guys knew about the attack before it happened?” I swung my eyes toward Fran. Her face was stoic as she sat quietly not eating the hot food sitting in front of her. She probably didn’t even have to eat. The facts began to make sense. “But why wasn’t anyone evacuated? Everyone was at the ball like nothing was going to happen. Who did you warn? Not my parents, it seems.”
“Yes, my dear,” Elle said. “We did warn your parents. They along with everyone else we told accused us of trying to create an uprising to stir up the crowds. We weren’t, I swear it. But they disregarded our warnings. Your parents were among those who just didn’t want to believe. Even as the Chief Superior and knowing so much about the reality of the world, your father just wasn’t ready to accept that Farlan could do anything like this.”
I slumped my shoulders. I could understand that. Hell, I barely believed it all myself. Even now, it all felt like it had happened to someone else. I stared at my half-eaten lunch, my stomach now in knots. I pushed away from the table, no longer hungry.
“I—I’m tired. I need to lie down.” I closed my eyes, afraid to cry, but there were no more tears. I’d cried too much already. It was all so much to digest, and I had to gather my wits if I was to be of any help to my parents.
“Of course. It’s been a long journey, and you must be exhausted. Fran can take you to a room to rest. It’s Clyde’s room, but since he’s not here, you can use it.” 
Fran stood up and motioned for me to follow. She led me through the cabin, down a hall, and into a quaint room filled with antique gadgets and baseball artifacts from days gone by. I hadn’t known Clyde enjoyed these things, and I longed to know more about him, wishing he were there to tell me about his interests. There was a part of him he hadn’t revealed, and I was afraid to find out if that was good or bad.
The room felt cozy, but it was bigger than it seemed. A large bed sat in the middle, made up with smooth, worn quilts. This place was stocked, that was for sure, and it made me wonder how long they’d known about the attack.  Maybe it had been longer than they had let on, much longer than what Clyde had told me.
Fran pulled back the covers and turned to leave the room, returning with a stack of clothes, a towel, and shoes which were all surely hers but appeared to be for me. 
“Extra clothes are stored in the dresser in the hallway. These are some of mine since you look to be about the same size as me. Bathroom is right outside the room to the left. Do try to get some rest. Let me know if you need anything.”
I nodded. “Thank you. Oh, um… Fran?”
“Yes?”
“How long has your family known about the impending attack?”
She frowned, her eyebrows furrowing. “About six months. Like my mother said, we tried our best to warn all we could, but no one listened to us. They labeled us alarmists… paranoids. My father built this cottage a year ago for vacations, but we converted it into a bunker with emergency stores.”
I hung my head, my long brown tresses trailing down my shoulders, hiding my grief-stricken face. “We are such fools.”
“I don’t think so. Just blinded to the world.”
“You could’ve tried harder to warn everyone. I saw no posters, no TV spots, no meetings. You didn’t do enough. You probably wanted the governor’s regime to die.”
She tilted her face, pondering what I had said. Her lack of sadness or guilt made my heart ache. I bit my tongue, for all the good it did.
“I’m sorry, Star. We did all we could. Good night.”
She gave me a curt nod before closing the door behind her. Left without anything further to do, I undressed before slipping on a simple nightgown from the pile she’d brought. My empty heart ached long into the night as my tears wet the pillow. The sorrow building inside of me poured out as I sobbed until I ran out of tears. They dried to my face, sticky and cold. Luckily, I was zapped for energy and closed my eyes to await sleep.
The warm, soft bed and Clyde’s faint scent on the sheets made it easy to fall asleep. Unfortunately, my dreams were filled with screams and explosions. Amid all of it lingered a pair of blue eyes and a face framed with a thick, pointed beard, a snarl on his pink lips. Lord VanWright. If I’d married him, what would life have been like? Horrible, boring, amazing? And if I’d listened to my parents and stayed to flirt and gone with him outside of the ball, I would’ve been safe with him, wherever he may have gone. 
Or maybe he was dead too.
The nightmare of the man with sapphire eyes like Clyde’s, half buried in rubble, mouth agape in horror, haunted me in my dreams, plaguing my mind like a cancer refusing to regress. It was a time of war, and I was ill-prepared to fight. Would I survive, or would I end up dead like so many others?





Chapter Twenty-two



Star

I awoke feeling like I’d never be all right again. I didn’t recognize my surroundings, and it took several minutes of blinking in the early morning dusk to remember that I was at Clyde’s family cottage. Sitting up, my heart pounding, I swiveled my legs off the bed and hung them over the edge, sucking deep breaths into my chest as it fluttered. Sleep had evaded me for much of the night, and I had no way of telling what time it was. All I knew was that the one thing still plaguing me after days and days away from home was the one thing I needed to do straight away.
I must go back.
I had to save my parents from President Farlan no matter the cost. This constant redirection and delay after delay was wearing on me. Time was running out, and they were in more danger each day I stayed away. They had to be alive. This precognitive fear had to mean something. If they were dead, I would know it. Wouldn’t I?
I dressed in the clothes I’d laid out the night before from Fran’s stash then pulled on my boots and jacket. Running a brush through my unruly locks, I wondered where I could even begin to start. I had no idea where this place was located. Had Clyde mentioned they lived on the outskirts of Petra or Lionel? I wasn’t sure. Maybe he hadn’t said anything at all about where this cabin was. Maybe I could find a map before slipping out of the darkened house.
I dug through the nightstand and found a working mini flashlight. Grinning with relief, I snatched my backpack sitting in the closet and stuffed an extra outfit into it. As I glanced over the contents of the nightstand again, I noticed a picture sticking out by its corner. I slipped it out of the drawer and studied Clyde’s face in the black and white photo. He had a beard, but it wasn’t that long, and his hair hit his shoulders with thick locks. The thing that shocked me the most was that he looked just like Lord VanWright from the coupling ball. Stunned, my mouth dried into a desert.
Clyde was Lord VanWright? How had I not seen it before? My fingers were shaking as I flipped the picture over, and lo and behold, written in flowing cursive, was the inscription “Clyde VanWright, 17 years old.” It truly was him. No doubt about it.
No wonder he’d avoided mentioning his last name after he rescued me. I was appalled but then sucked in a deep, centering breath. He must’ve had his reasons. I would make it a point to ask him later if I saw him anytime soon. I stuffed the picture into my back pocket and shook my head. My life was getting crazier by the minute. My stomach growled in agreement.
Maybe I could snatch some extra provisions from the pantry and fridge. Food was a constant worry for me without the safety of my home or the underground. Alone, I could get lost and starve out in the woods before ever reaching a city. Plus, who knew if the stores were even open back home? It could be under martial law and blockades could be set up already, with food and water supplies dwindling. I hoped not.
Creeping down the creaky stairs, I held my breath and hoped no one heard me as I made my way to the kitchen. Listening as I stood in the darkened room, I heard no other sounds. Blowing out a breath, I held the backpack open as I snatched some bread rolls and dried meats from the family’s well-stocked kitchen, along with a few bottles of water from the pantry. The pack grew heavy, and I had to stop and throw some bread rolls down my throat since I was already famished. I hadn’t even started my trip yet. All this stress had me burning through food faster than a hyperactive child. I needed all I could get my hands on, especially with the long journey ahead.
There was also the option of walking back through the tunnels, but I already knew how that would turn out. I’d gotten lost the moment I’d left the waterfall and geode rooms. There was no way I could make it back to Petra without losing myself in the labyrinth of the underground. It was great for keeping strangers out of the Glass Sky city, but man, I didn’t know how the heck I could return home through them. Maybe aboveground? Did the family have a car? I didn’t want to leave them stranded. Maybe I could just walk back and hope for the best.
Through the dark woods full of creatures and refugees, ready to ambush me? Right.
 Maybe Clyde kept an extra motorcycle at the cabin. I’d have to check to be sure. I zipped up the pack slowly, cringing at the slight noise the zipper made. After closing it, I listened once more for any sign of movement. If Fran, an android automaton, hadn’t heard me, I might just get away with this. I had to be extra quiet, for her artificial hearing might be enhanced.
I tried to shake away my fear of waking anyone as I swung the pack onto my back and crept into the living room, heading for the exit. I had almost reached the door when I noticed the silhouette of a figure sitting on a chair by the fireplace, the moon suddenly shining onto them as it emerged from behind a cloud. I gasped, slapping my hand over my mouth as I held my breath, afraid I’d been heard by whoever was sitting there.
It was Fran. Asleep? Did androids sleep? I hoped so; she wasn’t moving, nor were her eyelids open. Was she switched off at night to recharge and repair? I waited, hand on my mouth as I watched her carefully, assessing whether she was rigged up as an alarm or not.
We’re in the country, Star. There’s no need for a security system way out here, right? I didn’t know how things were done out in the boonies. Maybe she had a motion detector. Another thought crossed my mind. What if she mistook me for a prowler and had some embedded laser gun that shot out of her fingers? My imagination ran wild as I resumed my breathing with small, short breaths while listening hard to the world around me. Faint crickets sounded outside but nothing else. No breathing, no clicks or whirs from Fran’s gears. Nothing. Not even a mouse squeaking in the house.
I sighed, fearing I was working myself into a heart attack. I crept forward, reached for the doorknob, slowly turned it, and peered at Fran. She didn’t move. She wasn’t even breathing. Creepy, I thought. I didn’t know what was worse: knowing Fran was an automaton or not knowing that the world was crawling with them. Squeezing my eyes shut, I tugged the door open and stepped outside, clicking it shut behind me. Hearing no movement inside, I stepped out into the night and discovered that, yes, Clyde did have an extra motorcycle. In fact, there was one for each member of the whole family in the garage. Keys and all. 
How fortunate.
It seemed those in the country had nothing to fear. They kept their doors unlocked and their motorcycle keys in the ignitions. I was really starting to like Clyde’s family a lot. I hoped they’d forgive me for taking one of their bikes without saying goodbye or even thanking them for letting me stay there for the night. Guilt filled my head as I pulled the kickstand up slowly and shoved the bike to give it momentum. Its tires crunched over the leaves and gravel, and it sounded like a rock concert to me, but I hoped no one would hear. This family apparently slept like the dead. It was, so far, working out well for me. I wished I could sleep so soundly, but lately the trauma had gotten the best of me there.
I got back off the bike as quietly as I could, leaving the keys in it for a quick getaway. I still didn’t know where I was going, but maybe there’d be a map in the garage.
Inside, an assortment of trinkets, tools, and woodworking materials sat surrounded by half-finished projects. Some were metallic creatures held together by bolts and screws. Others were wooden boxes with lids and fiber filling, holding what looked like parts to a mannequin. Or was it an android? I looked closer to find the joints where they would attach together with metal balls or hinges, along with wires prepped for insertion into the matching end. I swallowed. Clyde’s parents created automatons? Why was I even surprised?
I moved away from the parts to find a stack of maps atop a work desk splayed with pens, a variety of nuts and bolts, and blueprints for automatons. From what I could gather, they didn’t make the entire android, but inserted parts into it. Someone else shipped the incomplete parts to them for completion. I was willing to bet that after they encountered Clyde’s family, the boxes were shipped to another manufacturer for more parts. That would make automatons costly to create, and only the richest of families would be able to afford one. The benefit, I supposed, was that no single person would be able to easily build their own personal army of robots.
I pinched my skin, still wondering if there was a possibility I was an android. The pain from my fingers shot up my arm, and I stifled a yelp. It felt real. I heard no clicks or whirs or gadgets adjusting inside me. My heart beat loudly in my head in the darkness of the garage. Shaking off the ridiculous thought, I sifted through the maps, flashing the tiny light onto them until I found the right one. It showed the area around Petra, with the route to the cottage highlighted by a bright red marker.
I grinned. Bingo. I had a way back home. Another map caught my eye.  It showed almost the entire country, every state and every road that still remained after the wars and the near destruction of Earth. The map was old, crinkly, and well used, but even more strangely, it looked as though it’d been neatly hand drawn and colorized. It was far different than the ones we’d been taught with at school.
The land was roughly shaped, and the states bigger than I’d seen before. What did this mean? How would Clyde’s family have acquired a different map than the ones widely available? Was this how the land really looked? It showed large ravines scarring the land and enormous mechanical braces and bridges. There were symbols that looked like machines along the waterways. My mechanically inclined mind somehow knew that they pumped the rivers, supplying the lakes and keeping the oceans level. I was fascinated. I hoped it was truer to life than what I’d previously thought the land to look like, because I had no other map to reference. I was lucky to have found this one. Really lucky. 
I slipped the maps into my pack. I would study them later. I had a direction, and that was all I needed. There was no other way back except for the motorcycle and this map. I’d have to shove the cycle down the road quite a way before I could even rev it up. Could I ride it by myself? I hadn’t paid attention to how to use the darn thing when Clyde had taken me through the underground tunnels, but it couldn’t be that hard, right? At least I could probably follow old tire tracks on the path back to the main road to lead me home. I could follow them and hope they got me where I wanted to go.
I can do this, I told myself. No problem.
In reality, I was cursing under my breath and sweating from pushing the heavy bike down the road. My arm muscles burned, and my legs fatigued quickly, cramping as I struggled up a small hill to the dirt road entering the property. Grunting, I rethought my entire life in that single instant. I wasn’t cut out for this. In fact, I had no idea what I was thinking.
Great plan, Star. Trying to be the hero of the story when you are barely even an extra.





Chapter Twenty-three



Star

“You might have asked me to join you,” a voice rang out, making me jump as I tried in vain to start the motorcycle.
“Oh, my goodness!” I reached for the knife on my belt but struggled clumsily with the sheath. It was my only weapon which Megan had given me back in the Glass Sky caverns. It wasn’t much, but it was better than nothing. 
Fran peered curiously at me from the darkness, her artificial retinas reflecting the dim moonlight as she blinked. I swore I could hear the hinges of her eyelids snapping.
“What the hell, Fran? You scared me to death!”
Fran clicked on a flashlight, which she probably didn’t need. She had caught me red-handed stealing a motorbike and trying to get away from her parents’ cabin. Luckily, her robotic face remained expressionless and without the judging look I would expect from another person, like Megan or even Clyde.
“It’s quite dangerous out here at night, you know,” Fran offered. “I would suggest waiting until morning for your trip. Where are you heading?”
I stood up abruptly, dusting my hands on my pants. I frowned. “It doesn’t matter. You weren’t supposed to know that I got out. Now you just ruined all my plans. It’s no more dangerous out here than it is in the tunnels.”
Fran tilted her head to the side, eyeing me curiously. I wasn’t sure if I preferred her stoic face to this mask of curiosity which was obviously programmed into her circuits. It was still off-putting to know she wasn’t a real girl. Some gestures—the movements of her eyes, the wrinkling of her nose, the twitch of her lips—were so lifelike. I shivered in the chill of the night, but I was sure that it hadn’t been initiated by just the weather.
“There are creatures out here you’ve never heard of. And how did I ruin your plans? What were your plans exactly?” Fran frowned, crossing her arms as she tilted her head. Okay, now she appeared even more human. Her makers had gotten it pretty right when they designed her.
“What sorts of creatures?”
Fran shrugged. “Oh, you know… govies, spiru, trolls, spritelings, kelpies, ghouls. The usual.”
“Forget I asked,” I groaned, and shook my head, retrieving my flashlight from the ground where I’d left it. I wouldn’t have her chastising me for wanting to leave. Ignoring her, I swept the light over the bike once more, still wondering how to turn it on. I was far enough away from the cabin now that the noise would not wake anyone up, but I still had yet to figure out how to get the darn thing started. I had the keys. Pushing on the lever to rev up the engine did nothing. Why?
“Are you trying to turn on the motorcycle?” Fran asked.
 “Yes,” I snapped without looking at her. “But it seems it might be broken. That’s probably why it was in the barn… but all the other cycles were in the barn as well. I probably just picked the broken one.” 
As I spoke, Fran walked over, pressed one of her fingers against a shiny black panel the size of a quarter, and kept it there until a small screen lit up beneath it and ran a red laser across her print. The bike suddenly revved to life, awaiting its rider.
“How did you do that?” My mouth hung agape as I stared at the throttling motorcycle, vibrating the earth with a gentle hum.
“The bikes are programmed to recognize only my family’s prints, but I can program it for you. Hold out your finger for me.” I gave her my hand and wondered if this was a smart idea. I had no other choice though, did I? She took my thumb and pressed it against the scanner. The red laser flickered on and did a swipe, turning green after the first scan, then blue on the third. Up and down it went until the light turned red again before flashing white and then going dark.
“There. The bike will now work for you. Are you happy?” She let go of my hand, and I stared at her, perplexed. Fran was helping me get away. Why? Should I trust her? She had done nothing in the meantime to betray my trust. But I wasn’t sure of her yet. I wondered if I would ever trust anyone ever again. Maybe not. But Clyde had sent her to help me, and I trusted him.
If I couldn’t get back to Petra, it wouldn’t matter anyway. She had turned the bike on, that was all I could ask.
“Thank you,” I said. “I’m heading back to Petra. Do you know which way I should go?”
Fran smiled before she nodded and held her arm up, pointing toward the north. I took it as a sign that it was all right for me to leave, but as I straddled the bike and grabbed the helmet, I noticed Fran had slipped away. Turning around in a circle, I listened. I couldn’t hear anything. She was as silent as a mouse. I shrugged. Maybe she had walked back to the cabin. Maybe she was going to report me to her parents. Great. That meant I had just a short head start and had to get going right away. 
As I push the kickstand up, I saw a light flash behind me and heard an engine rumble. My heart seized. I hoped it was Fran and not someone else. Another motorbike pulled up next to me, and Fran lifted up her visor as she faced me. Smiling, she tossed me a quick wave.
“I can take you straight to where Clyde is staying. That’s where you want to go, right?”
I nodded. “Yes. Thank you.” 
It wasn’t exactly the truth, but if I told her my true intentions were to find my parents, she wouldn’t escort me to Petra. That wouldn’t do. I needed help; that was obvious. It was just a little white lie, and maybe when I got there, I could explain my motivations, or better yet, lose her in the city. I’d prefer the latter.
“Just follow behind me. I will sync our bikes so that if I go too fast, I’ll know to slow down.” Fran rapidly tapped on the screen on her bike, entering commands as though she’d done this dozens of times.
“Okay, that’s perfect. Thanks for your help, Fran. I really appreciate it.”
The automaton nodded, producing an artificial grin, but at least it looked genuine. She snapped her visor back down and waved me forward as I did the same. Securing the kickstand and resting her feet on the foot pedals, she took off. I mimicked her movements and got the motorcycle moving slowly. Luckily, it obeyed, for if I’d started off too quickly, I probably would have run right into a tree and eaten it. I took a moment to adjust as the bike picked up speed. 
I followed Fran onto the main road, swallowed by darkness. The taillights of her bike were the only relief from the inky blackness surrounding us. She slowed to accompany me for a bit, but once I got better and the road straightened out, we sped up again. She kept a few meters ahead of me, and on toward Petra we went. I hoped things weren’t worse than when I’d left it. It’d already been a couple of weeks, but I missed my life there more than anything else in this world.
I missed my parents most of all.





Chapter Twenty-four



Star

Petra illuminated the skyline, cutting into the darkness like an oasis in a desert. We wouldn’t be able to approach on the bikes, like I would have liked. Instead, we hid them near a dense copse of trees in the thinning forest surrounding the city. The sky morphed as the early morning light strengthened. 
The city was a sight to see. My heart jumped in my chest as I took in the expanse of the wondrous place I’d grown up in. It didn’t appear too damaged since I’d last left it. Maybe the occupation had ended quicker than we’d thought. Maybe we’d been hiding for no reason. It didn’t matter. I was home.
“So good to be back,” I sighed happily to myself. Fran joined me and looked across the city, tilting her head. I wondered if she had ever really sat on the outskirts of the town to enjoy its splendor. Did androids regard beauty as we did? Probably not. Her imitation of my gaze both delighted and disturbed me at the same time.
“It’s truly a marvel to take in,” Fran said. “I don’t think I’ve ever looked at it this way. Usually, we’re just hurrying all the way to the townhouse, and that’s it. It doesn’t seem so chaotic from this angle.”
I nodded, agreeing with her. When this was over, I decided I was going to make sure I appreciated everyday things like the scenery, vegetation, and buildings. As we admired the city, I contemplated a way to eventually ditch Fran. I felt bad doing it. I really did. But if I told her the real reason I’d returned to Petra wasn’t to see Clyde but to save my parents, she’d probably knock me out and drag me back to the cottage, kicking and screaming. Some things were better left unsaid.
“We had better head in,” Fran suggested. “The later the day gets, the more activity there will be. Time is wasting.” 
I stepped forward, waving her along. I was sure an opportunity would present itself as we walked. I might just have to run for it or hide. Either way, I was going to get Fran off my tail and find my parents at Farlan’s mansion.
“Wait, you’re going the wrong way.” Fran pointed to the right as we entered the city. “Our townhouse is in the outskirts of the city, not that way.”
“Oh, right,” I said, feigning innocence. 
I had only been to Clyde’s townhouse once. I really couldn’t even say how to get there. I motioned for her to go ahead so that I could follow behind. I hoped it would help me find an opening to lose her in the morning crowd. Luckily, the streets were beginning to fill with people as shops opened up for business. The low murmur of the crowd was a lot more subdued than usual. Before the occupation, everyone had been loud and chatty, with bags of groceries and purchases from the shops. Most people rushed to the shops in the morning. But now everyone walked solemnly, muttering to each other quietly, eyes darting across the roads with suspicious glances at strangers. Some people had bags of groceries from shops, but no one carried much. Everyone wore muted clothes like gray or black, probably to keep from drawing attention. 
I cringed. I stood out in my light khaki pants and blue shirt.
Sweat gathered on my brow as I tried to keep my head down. Luckily, everybody else was doing the same thing. Another oddity digging at my brain were the soldiers posted on every corner. From the logos on their uniforms, I could tell they were part of the Insurgent army keeping the city under martial law. Even now, weeks after the attack at the ball, they still seemed on high alert. I wondered what this meant and how hard it would be to avoid scrutiny.
Great, I thought. What if this place is like a prison now, and anything I do, even looking at these soldiers, can get me thrown in jail?
“Come on,” Fran insisted, her sharp demand jerking me from my thoughts. “Keep your head down, and don’t look at the soldiers. You don’t want to draw attention to yourself.”
I frowned. It was like she had read my mind.
“We need to get to our townhouse and change your clothes,” she continued, urging me to pick up the pace by grabbing my arm. I managed to eventually slide it out of her grip and just followed closely. She kept glancing back to reassure herself that I was behind her. 
Losing her was going to be harder than I’d thought. Keeping an eye on the crowd, I finally saw my chance when several cars and buggies crashed into each other right in front of us. 
A crowd gathered around them and became the perfect distraction for me to get lost in. Slowing down, I let Fran gain a few feet before I turned and bolted behind some vehicles stopped by the accident, then down another street into an alleyway. Racing with all the speed I could conjure, I dared not look back until I was several blocks away, out of anyone’s line of vision. I finally slid behind a dumpster and bent over, clutching my thighs. 
There I paused, huffing to catch my breath. The streets were looking more familiar now. I knew I could follow the alley down toward my parents’ house. I wondered if I should stop there first and get some of my own clothes, which would blend in more, before heading toward Farlan’s mansion. I was certain I had some sort of gloomy attire to wear which would match everybody else’s. Right now, I was sticking out like a sore thumb.
I rushed up the alleyway and peered out onto the road to make sure Fran wasn’t nearby. Amazingly, she had failed to keep me under her strict supervision, but maybe not for long. She was surely looking for me now, and I prayed she didn’t know where I lived. I turned onto the street and walked briskly, keeping my head down and avoiding the areas where the soldiers stood, scrutinizing the crowd. Crossing the street opposite of them, I continued on, passing several areas of rubble were previous attacks had pulverized buildings I’d once known. 
I turned the corner and ran right into a soldier. It figured.
“Hey, watch where you’re going!”
“I’m so sorry. Excuse me,” I apologized profusely as the soldier regained his footing. He looked me up and down, narrowing his eyes. 
“What’s your name?” he demanded. I knew I was done for. Before he could say anything else, I took off around the corner and out of sight as quickly as I could.
“Hey!” the soldier called out from behind me. “Get back here! Hey!” If he caught up, there would be no way to explain my outfit or what I was there for or even who I was. I would be tossed into prison or worse.
As I ran, I caught sight of Fran’s widening eyes as she watched the situation unfold. I sped right past her, my brain not processing that it was her until I was already several yards away.
It didn’t matter. With his considerably longer legs, the soldier would catch me in no time, and then she’d be unable to help.
I glanced back. I could almost see Fran curse under her breath. The soldier was approaching her, but instead of following me, she backed up against the wall and stuck her foot out as he came near, tripping him. He went rolling across the pavement like a tire, scuffing up his clothes as she turned and disappeared into the crowd.
I couldn’t help but laugh. She had given me a much-needed head start, but I worried about Fran. Hell, she was a robot, right? What would they do to an automaton? Probably return her to her family with a memory wipe and confinement duty. I wouldn’t be so lucky. So many awful scenarios passed through my head. 
Down another street, I found myself in my old neighborhood. I couldn’t wait to get home. If my parents were there, it would be the ultimate bonus. I hoped they were. Everything would be okay then. We’d be all right.
My heart sank as I rushed toward my house. My neighborhood hadn’t remained untouched. There were scars on some buildings I’d been in before. The old post office building and several government housing apartments and offices were crushed to rubble. Even the library, to my utter dismay, had been burned to the ground. I bit my lip, holding back tears. I had spent so many hours there, reading classics which had survived the wars, and now it was nothing but a pile of brick and stone, just like the governor’s mansion. I felt my heart crack at the sight.
I finally arrived at our street, but there were soldiers on a nearby corner by the entrance to our home. Growling under my breath, I dodged into the alleyway which led to the rear entrance of the house and hoped the hidden key I’d left under a bush of lavender was still there. I approached the backyard warily, glancing around as I made my way toward the servant’s entrance. I reached the lavender bush and dug down into the dirt for the extra key. My fingers curled around the cool metal beneath the damp earth, and relief shot through me. Dusting it off, I sighed. If only everything were this easy. I slipped the key into the lock, turned it slowly, and then pressed down on the latch. I held my breath and crossed my fingers, hoping my parents were there. Or, at least, that nobody else was.





Chapter Twenty-five



Star

“Ow!”
Someone dug their fingers into my arm and pulled me inside before slamming the door shut. It was too dark, and I didn’t know who it was. The figure was too tall and slender to be my father, and we didn’t have any servants that matched this man’s silhouette.
“Let me go!”
“Shut it. You’re trespassing.”
The light flashed on, and I could immediately see that the person holding me was a uniformed Insurgent. I groaned. Great. I had walked right into a trap. The soldier called out to his comrades, fingers digging into my arm even more, causing me to yelp.
“Get your hands off me!” I snapped.
“We have an intruder, and I think it’s the one we’re looking for.”
“Bring her into the living room,” another answered him.
The soldier placed the barrel of a gun into my back and pushed me. I stumbled forward.
“Hey, be careful with that thing,” I snapped.
“You heard the guy. The commander wants you in the living room. Get a move on, girl.”
Defeated, I nodded. I wasn’t going to fight him. He had captured me the moment I walked through the door. How could anyone think they could go against Insurgent troopers? It’d be madness. I stepped forward, swallowing down the knot of fear building in my throat. My mouth dry, my hands sweating, I walked through the familiar hall I’d known since childhood. The smiling faces of my family greeted me from framed photo collages my mother had painstakingly arranged and hung on the walls in ornate frames. Those were the times when things like dying hadn’t been a top worry for a girl like me.
Suddenly, I wished Fran or Clyde were there. I’d have a better chance of getting out of this if there were three of us to fight. Now, neither one of them knew where I was or could even hope to help me.
Swift move ditching Fran, Star.
“Move faster.” The soldier poked me in the back with his weapon again, and I tried not to stumble as I put my hands up and move forward down the hall, past the servants’ kitchen, and down into the main living area where, to my surprise, I found my parents sitting quietly, but in absolutely perfect health.
“Mom! Dad!” My dismay shattered as I ran toward my mother, who was crocheting something to bide the time. She looked up and dropped the needles, gasping as I threw myself into her awaiting arms. She held me tightly to her chest. She smelled amazing, and I’d missed her with every fiber of my soul. Next, I turned to my father, who had been sitting next to her reading the newspaper. He dropped it to the floor as he took me into his arms.
“Star. It’s so good to see you. We’ve been so worried.” His watery eyes studied me as he held on to my arms. “Are you all right? Where have you been?”
Before I could answer, we were interrupted.
“Sit down, young lady.”
The command came from behind me as the apparent leader of this particular troop of Insurgents walked into the room, and the soldier who’d been shoving me forward motioned for me to sit not next to my mother, but in a single reading chair next to the sofa. I did as I was told. I didn’t want anything happening to my parents. The time to run had passed, and I wasn’t going to risk them. How long had they been imprisoned in our house? How long had they been waiting for me?
“Is this your missing daughter?” The commander demanded of my father. He seemed hesitant to answer, but he nodded, looking resolute yet defeated all at the same time.
“Yes. This is my daughter, Star.”
“What’s going on?” I asked.
It was then that my mother turned to me with tears blossoming in her eyes as she paled. “Oh, Star, honey, I’m so sorry. This is the only way to keep us all safe. I hope you can forgive us in time. Just know that we love you very much and never meant you any harm.”
“What…?”
I flicked my eyes back and forth between them, a surge of panic blossoming in my chest. What was going on? What was she talking about? My eyes snapped toward the commander, who was motioning to my detaining soldier to grab me. He smirked as he reached out and dragged me to my feet. I could hear my mother sobbing behind me, my father attempting to comfort her with hushed whispers.
No one was comforting me. Why were they not screaming their protests or trying to fight? I eyed them as the soldier pulled me along.
“Wait,” I managed to croak out. This wasn’t happening. Not like this.
“Star Rickton.” The commander stared down his straight, narrow nose as though I were a fly attempting a bite of his dessert. “We’ve been searching for you everywhere. You just saved your parents’ lives by walking in here today. They were up for the executioner’s block tomorrow under the charge of treason. If you come with us peacefully, I’ll spare their lives. If you fight us, I can give the order to kill them just the same.”
“Please, don’t hurt them. I’ll do whatever you ask, just don’t hurt them,” I pleaded, my resolve crumbling as I glanced behind me through tears. My parents remained where they sat.
The commander stood to head out, motioning for the soldier to keep me moving along as well.
“But why are you doing this? Can I say goodbye? What about my parents?”
“You’re on the list to retrieve.”
I glared at the commander, horrified at what he had said while trying to steal another glance over my shoulder at my parents. Another poke jerked me straight again, and I couldn’t see them anymore. I choked back a sob, afraid to look weak.
I couldn’t even say goodbye to my family, and I had just barely been able to say hello. My heart was thankful to know they were okay and that their execution wasn’t going to happen now.
The soldier shoved me forward. I threw him a pointed glare. I was going to remember his face for future reference. One day, I’d watch the blood drain from it. One day.
“Wait! Where are you taking me?” I asked, earning me another jab.
The commander glanced back at me, frowning as his lips tightened at the edges. 
“You’ll see,” he snapped. “It’s a good thing President Farlan has demanded to see you. Otherwise, your parents would’ve been dead long ago. It’s your good fortune you came at this time. Just do what you’re told, and everything will be fine. If you rebel, we will have your parents killed.”
I nodded, tears already springing up in my eyes as they continued to urge me forward to follow them out the front door. I complied; I knew I couldn’t resist. When we exited, I realized my house was surrounded by even more soldiers than before. If only I had staked out the place first, I would’ve realized it was a trap. They must have been waiting for me the whole two weeks I’d been gone. How short-sighted of me to not think about this possibility. At least, if I had, I would’ve known my parents were trapped in there, and it would’ve been useless to even come.
But then, if I hadn’t come, they would have been executed.
Paradoxically, I was relieved I’d made such an error. I followed the commander out the front door, down the steps, and out past my yard with the menacing soldier always at my back. What was stuck up his rear? I’d certainly have bruises where he jabbed me multiple times.
My eyes drifted to the ground where my precious lavender and tulips had been trampled beneath the boots of the soldiers on the lawn, conversing as they watched me march down to the limousine awaiting us. I missed my plants almost as much as I missed the workshop with my father. My entire life had been smashed like the petals in the dirt. Shoved into the vehicle after the commander entered, I wanted to melt away into the seat. The jabbing soldier made his way in behind me, pressing to my side and squishing me in like the meat of a sandwich. 
I wanted to scratch his eyes out as his breath hit my face. He was so close. I tried to ignore his never-ending stares. Unable to resist, I flicked my eyes toward him, and he narrowed his in contempt. Scanning his uniform for a nametag, I read “Everlee” on the patch. He must have been fairly important to escort the commander in this oversized luxury car. I was a tiny girl, and I felt claustrophobic between the two hardened soldiers.
He smirked. “Like what you see, girl?” He held on to my arm as though I’d bolt out the car in some wondrous way, tightening his grip. I turned away, finding the door to my house in the hope of seeing my parents there. They weren’t. Nor were they standing at the living room window, watching sadly. They wouldn’t even be there to wave goodbye, probably because it might get them in trouble. My mother and father more than likely continued to shudder with sobs as my father held her to his side on the sofa. 
They would look solemn and defeated, weak and deflated, matching how I felt in my soul.
I trained my eyes on the house until the limo pulled away, relieved to see the soldiers exiting my parents’ home. I hoped all of them left and never returned. At least, now I knew what they’d come for. They had no reason to stay there anymore.
“See?” Everlee said. “Your parents don’t want you. No one does. I doubt President Farlan does. You’ll just be a puppet for his entertainment.”
I refused to look at him, keeping my mouth shut as tears slid down my cheeks. 
“When he gets tired of you, I’ll be waiting. If you want to come sooner, just let me know,” he whispered, leaning closer and taking in a breath near my hairline and neck as though my scent were a divine ambrosia. I shuddered, edging away from him, but his grip tightened to keep me where I was. The commander ignored Everlee as though this were just another boring assignment. He stuck a pair of headphones into his ears, cranking up some music to drown us out. Nothing out of the ordinary going on here.
“Screw you,” I hissed to Everlee, but not without punishment. He tugged harder, but then let go, snorting. 
“Better not mark you up yet. Farlan won’t like it. He likes to make the marks himself. You have no idea what you’re in for. When you’re tired of Farlan’s abuse, I can get you out of there, Star-girl. Just remember, the name’s Everlee. Trust me. You’ll be grateful the day I come for you.”
“That’ll never happen.”
He grunted, leaning in closer. The heat from his breath brushed my cheek. He wiped a tear away as he studied my profile. 
“Never say never. That’s the only thing you can count on.”
He let me go, and I jerked away, ramming into the commander, who shifted over, giving me more room, but rolling his eyes, bored. There would be no help from him. I tried to angle myself so as to not touch Everlee in any way, but the bench seat was too small. My entire side pressed against him, and I didn’t fail to notice him grazing my arm. I hugged my arms around my chest, crossing my legs as well. He wouldn’t touch me without a fight. I wasn’t yet defeated.
“I’m not who you think I am, Star-girl. I’m a complicated man, but I’m very patient.”
His voice tingled with heat against my neck as he whispered, and I jerked away. I refused to look at him. My stomach rolled, and the taste of bile swam in the back of my throat. Trembling, I felt cold even though it was warm and stuffy in the car. I prayed the trip would end sooner rather than later. One more minute next to this beastly man was more than I could stand.
My tears slipped silently down my cheeks as the limo rounded the corner. Glaring at the vehicle but hidden behind a lamppost, a stranger eyed the procession leaving my parents’ home. I’d gotten but a glimpse of that someone watching the proceedings, and I knew he knew I was inside this car as it drove past, splashing old dirty water from the early morning rain onto the people nearby. This person didn’t flinch at the cold water. He kept his eyes focused on the dark limo glass as though he could see right through the black tint and right into my soul. I knew those eyes very well, and a tiny burst of hope grew inside me, but in a blink, he was gone. Relieved no one else in the limo had noticed him, I sighed. I would know that face anywhere.
Clyde!





Chapter Twenty-six



Clyde

Traffic sprayed filthy rainwater up into the gutters, keeping me pressed against the buildings. I was dressed like a regular worker on his way to his mundane job, but I was far from that. I was making my way to a safe house harboring the rebels working to free the city of Petra from President Farlan’s dictatorship. He had planned this takeover for months before the initial attack, and now, if people didn’t submit to his rule and the authority of the Insurgents, they were strategically taken out. It was still happening, weeks after the takeover, but I, on the other hand, was not going to let that happen without a fight.
But first, I had to find Star. The foolish girl had stolen a motorcycle from my parents’ cottage and gone back to the city. Fran had contacted me the moment they’d arrived. It wasn’t in the plan, and I didn’t know what to think. Star had some guts returning to Petra, marked as she was for elimination in the initial bombing at the governor’s ball. There was no telling what the Insurgents would do if they discovered she was still there and very much alive. One thing for sure, she was a magnet for trouble.
I had rushed to meet Fran, following the tracking device each of my family had for her, but she’d lost Star in the crowd. I couldn’t believe it. Star had snuck away from my sister. An android. Star was a smart girl. She had probably put two and two together about what was really going on in Petra and other cities of the world. The Insurgents had not only taken over power, but they had also rounded up all the human females within breeding age and were tucking them away in Farlan’s mansion. No one had seen or heard from them since. There was only speculation about what he wanted to do with those girls.
I’d hurried to her parents’ house, knowing it was the one place Star would go, but I was too late. I’d arrived as they carried her away in one of the president’s cars toward the mansion. Her parents, now freed, informed me of her imprisonment in the president’s mansion. She was to belong to Farlan and bid for his hand with her beauty and talent, or something like that. The poor girl. They had given up hope of ever seeing her again, and I resorted to shaking some sense back into them.
“She made fun of the president at the ball. There’s no hope he will pick her for a bride. He’ll probably enjoy tormenting her!” Star’s mother had sobbed into her husband’s shoulder, deflated. “Star could be so cruel to her suitors. We didn’t know who he was, of course. If we’d only have known, she might have stood a chance if we’d silenced her in time. I didn’t know who Farlan was at the ball.”
“How dare you give up on Star?” I demanded. “Don’t you realize she came back for you? You can’t just throw her away. She’s a survivor and far more intelligent than you give her credit for. She’ll figure out a way to survive. Hell, she’ll probably already have the president wrapped around her finger the moment he meets her.”
I knew this because I’d fallen for her the moment I’d met her. I was already too far gone to unwind myself from her. She was maddening yet amazing. Smart yet dangerously spontaneous. Never one to follow the rules. Darn it, Star. But it was why I loved her.
Their empty eyes gave me no indication that they would change their train of thought, and I ended up leaving in a huff. I understood, in a way. Star’s father was the Chief Superior and had a lot more people dependent on him than just his daughter. By keeping his true position hidden, he’d have a much better chance of saving not just Star but everyone else, if that was his plan. I hoped it was. I couldn’t imagine he’d just take Farlan’s abuses lying down, but stress did strange things to people.
But I couldn’t wait to see what he did. I had already begun to plan a way to rescue Star from Farlan’s greasy clutches. It would take me days to prepare, though, and I was no closer to finding a way into Farlan’s ranks than I had been when I’d returned to Petra. The elections were the following week. Maybe it would all work out. Maybe Star was there for a reason. She could be our ticket to the heart of the beast. If I could get to Farlan, I could decimate the Insurgents. Star might be of more use inside the mansion than out.
I made it to the roof of a rebellion safe house and stared across the city toward Farlan’s mansion. I could barely see it from where I stood; smokestacks filled my field of vision. An ocean of houses stood between us.
“Hold on, Star,” I whispered. “Just hold on.”





Chapter Twenty-seven



Star

The ride to Farlan’s mansion had been bumpy and quite uncomfortable. Sitting between the bored commander and Everlee, who sat close but had relaxed on tormenting me the nearer we got to Farlan’s headquarters, I tried to remain as still as possible. The bored one on the other side avoided bumping into me at all costs. The whole ride was awkward to say the least. I was glad he was feeling as uncomfortable as I was. Couldn’t go the whole way with any of us feeling absolutely relaxed, now could we?
“Let me out,” I commanded.
“Just sit down and shut up,” Everlee snapped, digging his fingers into my thigh hard enough that I gasped, squirming from the squeeze. “Do as you’re told, and you’ll be fine till I come and get you. I was told to bring you to see President Farlan, and that’s what I’m doing. You’re just lucky he met you at that ball and was intrigued by your beauty and perky personality.” He snorted at this as though it were funny. I frowned. “Be happy he isn’t looking to execute you or your family anymore.”
At the word “execute,” my mouth went dry, and I swallowed down the desert forming in my throat and almost choked, coughing as I pressed my hand against my neck, worry filling up my thoughts. Farlan could want to see me for a number of reasons. Was Everlee right? Did he want to use me in some horrible, sadistic manner? I wished I’d never gone to that infernal ball. I racked my brain to try and remember meeting him, but the day was blurry and filled with trauma. The only reason Farlan would be at the ball would be to talk to all the eligible young ladies. Did he know that he had probably killed half of those girls? Did he even care? Didn’t he realize there was a shortage of young ladies all around? 
Unless…. 
I sucked in a breath as I realized that I was possibly one of the last few real young ladies at the ball. One of the few left in all of Petra. Maybe most of the girls were androids, automatons sent there just to fill up space. Androids like Fran. Could it be true? The total disregard for life, the parade of young women in search of husbands to get them to start families sooner rather than later, the lack of concern… it all made sense. 
Maybe he’d had them all kidnapped right before the mansion was bombed. They probably didn’t know where I’d gone when I’d hid in the library. It had been my saving grace all along. But what had he done with the other human girls?
Now I’d wonder for the rest of my life what the girls around me were. From what Fran had told me, females were now scarce, and it was more than likely I was now one of the few live human females. It had been more of a show than I had ever thought possible. I couldn’t believe how naïve I’d been up to that point. So many things in my life were built on lies. So many things had turned out to be false, and I had accepted them as though they were all true.
We’d all grown up with blinders on, and I had no one to blame but my parents and myself. Such a fine trickery of young women, everywhere. I was sure I couldn’t be the only one being told these lies about the world around me. Everything had fallen apart, all my beliefs and even the love of my own family. My parents had betrayed me to Farlan without hesitation. Maybe they thought it’d be the best thing to keep me alive, to keep me safe. 
Let’s just trade our daughter in to the president. At least it’s a position of power. 
Right. How much power did a concubine have? Probably a lot less than the chefs who cooked the president’s meals and could possibly poison him.
I slumped in the seat, feeling more and more deflated. I’d thought things were bad when I’d believed my parents were dead. Well, things could get worse, and they had. At least Clyde had witnessed me being stuffed into the car. I hoped it was Clyde. What if I’d been seeing things? Regardless, Fran would’ve told Clyde I’d disappeared, and he was smart, he could put the pieces together. With his connections, he’d be able to help me get out somehow. I just knew it.
In the meantime, I was going to have to survive this ordeal and figure out a way to get out of this mess on my own. Whatever happened, I swore I’d do everything possible to spy on the inner workings of this new regime for Clyde and the rebellion. That way, at least, my time there would be useful. That way, I could be part of the operation and use my misfortune to help those way less fortunate than I was. And most of all, that way, I’d find a distraction from my current situation.
With a renewed sense of purpose, I straightened in my seat. The soldier, Everlee, mumbled his complaints about me squirming too much, but I refused to apologize. I’d do as I was told, and I swore I’d earn someone’s trust. Maybe even Farlan’s, while I played along with whatever sick games they were going to force me to play from that day forward. Eventually, I’d seize the chance to escape and destroy them all.
“We’re here,” Everlee muttered, apparently disappointed the ride with his new “toy” had ended. As he shimmied out of the car and watched me, he smiled again and winked. “Don’t forget. Just ask for Everlee.”
If I ever called on Everlee to come get me, it would be to lure him to his demise.





Chapter Twenty-eight



Star

I peered at my surroundings with a petrifying terror rippling through me. Something bad was going to happen. Something even worse than being snatched from my parents’ house. We’d just gone through the gates of the secondary governor’s mansion, where Farlan had made his home base. It was nicer than the original one and much fancier. It was almost like a museum and was also part of the governor’s network, but none of the balls were ever held there. Why? Because it was the private residence of the governor and also held many of the artifacts of the old world, kept behind glass display cases or hidden in vaults, faint reminders of the past we were never allowed to know about or see.
Maybe I’d get a glimpse of some of the artifacts while I was there. It perked me up some to think of it that way. I could help procure new gadgets when I escaped, technology of the old world. This was the place to see it all, and even though I was concerned about my fate, there was a little bit of excitement running through my veins as I thought about all the rare artifacts lining the walls of Farlan’s mansion.
No, it’s the governor’s mansion. Not Farlan’s. If I was going to take down this guy, I had to keep my views straight. This was not Farlan’s mansion and that was that. It was a stolen sacred site. I was going to play my role so well a top-notch actress wouldn’t compare, and nobody would ever think I’d betray them. I’d earn their trust, infiltrate their domain, and discover what made this regime tick. Then, and only then, would I crush it.
In the meantime, I had to stay alive.
I jumped as Everlee jabbed me with his gun again. Ignoring the pain, I smoothed down the wrinkles in my clothes and glowered in his direction. I wished I could stab him right in the eye, but I kept my thoughts to myself and looked away when he barked orders at me to keep moving and stay quiet. 
Fine. It’s time this girl turns into an award-winning actress. 
My plan would probably be a lot harder to execute than I thought, but it was going to be worth the effort. Everlee led me across the circular driveway and past a fountain with a statue of Cupid, looking ridiculous with his cherubic face, pointing an arrow at my head. That fountain needed to be bombed. I frowned at his mocking smile, trying to appreciate how lovely the water sounded trickling down the sides and rippling across the base of it. The grass surrounding the driveway was neatly cut, and rose bushes lined the edges of the mansion. It was beautiful from the outside. If only I’d seen it when the governor was still in charge and not President Farlan.
We walked in through the open doors, guarded by soldiers. Like vermin, they were everywhere. It would be impossible to escape without being noticed by someone. Every ten feet along the perimeter, there was a guard. They hadn’t missed a detail. Some patrolled the roof, and more marched back and forth in front of the gate. They were in almost every room on the main floor that I could see into. Everywhere I turned, there were guards lining the halls, pressed to the walls and with guns ready in hand.
My heart sank. Maybe escaping wasn’t going to be my first goal. It would be far too difficult. Somehow, I needed to help the rebellion get inside. There had to be hidden tunnels in this place. What mansion didn’t have an escape route? That was a better idea; I would try to memorize every door, every hall, and every nook and cranny of this place. It’d be my contribution to the rebellion, and maybe I could redeem myself to Clyde with vital intel about Farlan’s headquarters.
It came to my attention that I was going too slowly, because Everlee jabbed me in the back once more. I swore he was going to be the first on my list to stab when I escaped this place. I was probably sporting a good-sized bruise near my spine. I almost yelped when another sharp sting shot through my back, nearly passing out from the pain, my knees weakening.
“Keep quiet. You’re not listening. Keep up and stay silent. When you meet the president, you can only speak if spoken to, and you’d better answer any of his questions quickly, or you’ll be in a lot more agony than a bruise on your back.” I cringed at the feel of his hot breath grazing my skin. He loved getting so close. Loved tormenting me.
“Of course,” I answered softly, avoiding his icy glare. I hoped he wasn’t expecting me to not answer. I didn’t want another jab. It already hurt with the ache of a thousand pounds on my back as I walked on. Any more jabs and he might break my spine. The pain ebbed as I continued to walk, rubbing the spot over and over.
He led me past a large ballroom, several sitting rooms, and the open door to the kitchen. The staff peeked up and eyed me without much regard, their expressionless masks hiding their thoughts before they resumed their tasks almost immediately. Maybe everyone had been told to keep their heads down, keep quiet, and not acknowledge anything going on around them. I wouldn’t doubt it. If it kept them alive, who could blame them? 
We reached an ornate door at the end of the hall, carved out of rich mahogany wood. It was old, older than any door I’d seen around the city. The wood seemed to hum as Everlee knocked. We waited until a muffled voice summoned us from within.
“Come in.”
My heart was in my throat. My arm brushed the door as we entered, and I felt slightly better. It vibrated against my skin, warm and inviting. I wanted to curl up and sink into the wood, but Everlee pressed his body into mine, forcing me forward. Losing contact with the door, the fear returned. In the midst of it all, my stomach growled. I’d lost all my rations when I was snatched at my parents’ house, and I hadn’t had anything to eat or drink in quite a while. I hoped they would send me to a room or a cell with some food and water soon. I just wanted it to be over with. I did not want to meet the president right now, or ever for that matter. I looked like hell. How was I supposed to impress him like this? Not that I wanted to, but I had to stay alive somehow.
“Well, well. Star? Is that really you?”
I moved forward and looked at the president, an older man with a stern face, refined but with days-old stubble and a thin, straight nose. He stared down it at me with steely, light-blue eyes, shallow crinkles framing them at the edges. He wasn’t very tall. In fact, when he stood up, he was just a few inches taller than me. His platinum white hair hung long enough to be slicked down and pulled back into a short ponytail. Several hairs escaped the glue holding it down, causing him to have a small, unruly mohawk atop his head. He might have been as old as my father from what I could tell. I barely remembered him from the ball.
“Yes.”
“Of course. Under the grime and peasant clothes, it truly is you. Do you remember me? We met at the ball?” A cruel, taunting smile widened as he awaited my reaction. His eyes drilled into my soul like a lure, waiting to hook it with barbs and yank out all that I held dear. He’d study it with intrigue or disgust, I wasn’t sure which, but this meeting revealed everything he was beneath the refined exterior.
He radiated cruelty with the sharpened gaze of a predator. There was nothing soft about this man. He was dangerous and insane. His good looks only masked the monster beneath.
I felt faint. My heart felt like it was beating as fast as a hummingbird’s as I cleared my throat, searching my memory. What had I said to him at the ball? What insult had passed my lips when I’d thought the world was my oyster? I didn’t bother to remember my suitors. Why would I? There’d been so many, and none of them had stood out much. Except Lord VanWright. But Farlan should’ve stood out like a thorn. I wouldn’t forget eyes that cold so easily. They were oddly familiar as I strained to remember everything I’d said to him.
My memory was cruel. It could forget what I needed and then produce what I’d want to forget. It finally came back to me. This was the very man who’d approached me at the ball as I’d rushed behind my mother, shaking off his greeting like he was a leper.
“Yes. I remember you.” My chest seized. I was doomed.
“You must think I’m an idiot, don’t you?”
“No, sir.” My voice cracked. Here it comes.
He smirked, running his hand through his long, white hair. Despite the copious amounts of gel, it seemed to be constantly falling into his face. He was handsome, yes, but up close, the years of bitterness had carved themselves into his face, creating a permanent scowl etched across the lines of his thin, straight mouth. I shivered.
“Do you still think I resemble a cock fight reject?”
Oh, God. I was so dead. So very dead. Had I honestly said such horrible things? Unfortunately, it sounded exactly like one of my insults. I’d let the word-vomit pour from my mouth at the ball, not taking note of who I insulted.
“No, sir.” Sweat pooled at my brow as my knees knocked. My head spun as I focused on slowly breathing. I had to keep it together. Maybe I could survive this yet. I had a clever tongue. It was time to use it or lose it.
“Well, maybe it’s your lucky day, for soon you will be kissing this frog and turning it into a prince, if not a king. I have plans for you, my dear, dear Star.”
He laughed as he waved toward Everlee, who snatched my arm, ready to drag me from the room. Was I done for? Would he take me to my doom? Bile hovered at the back of my throat, threatening to spill right out. Farlan turned and went back behind his desk, sliding down into his chair and focusing his beady eyes on me once more.
“It’s nice to see you again, Star. I look forward to the next time.”
“Where are you taking me?” I asked, afraid to know the answer. “I never meant to insult you. I was just playing hard to get.” My words felt empty, as did my mind. What could I say to make him change his mind if he had decided to discard me?
“It’s all right, Star. I’m not going to kill you. You’re far too amusing for that. At least for now.” He folded his hands together and tapped his fingers against one another as he thought. A moment later, his gaze sharpened, and he snapped his eyes back to Everlee. “Take her to the globe I’ve prepared for her. I made it with you in mind, Star. I cannot wait to see your first performance, my dear. Do make me proud.”
Everlee shoved me toward the door before I could protest, dragging me out of the room. My hope shrank away to nothing as I pondered what I would find. Whatever awaited me, I had never felt more scared in my life.





Chapter Twenty-nine



Star

I shifted around on the soft, fluffy bed. I was surrounded by ruffles and silken sheets paired with a puffy down blanket. It was luxurious in every way but far from where I wanted to be. Blinking at the few lights twinkling above me, I looked around at my new home.
Everlee shoved me into this place after seeing President Farlan in his office. He told me to shower, dress, and put on the makeup provided straight away. Dinner was coming up, and I had to put on a party dress and get pretty. I was told to do this or suffer severe consequences. Nobody wanted to go there, especially not me.
I waited for Everlee to turn around and leave before I started cleaning myself up. He had led me into the bottom of what appeared to be a stage surrounded by a large glass globe above. The downstairs was my private quarters where I was to eat, shower, dress, and do any unsightly duties. Otherwise, I was to always be upstairs, in the globe, like a twisted live version of a snow globe dancing princess. He paused for a moment as he eyed me up and down, studying my disheveled appearance with a certain amount of amusement. Inhaling a deep breath, he sighed.
“Such a shame I have to leave you here like this. They’ll never let you out of this thing. Not without help.” His eyes glinted in the dim light of the galley, something disturbing flitted through them. I hoped he would leave before I showered and dressed. If he didn’t... “I really do hope you please Farlan. You don’t want to know what happened to the girls who came before you.”
He shook his head but didn’t leave and my fear of him wanting to watch me clean up made my stomach churn. Finally, after what felt like an eternity under his penetrating eyes, he reluctantly turned and walked out the door, slamming it shut behind him. Clicks of bolts sliding into place reminded me of how truly powerless I was. I spent the first fifteen minutes searching for weaknesses or cracks in the walls of my new prison. I gave up quickly; I knew there would be no escaping. At least, not without help, just like Everlee had said.
His offer repeated in the back of my mind, his words chastising. Had he “helped” the previous girls escape? What had happened to them?
Now, here I was having to “get pretty.” How the heck was I supposed to know what that entailed? Everyone had a different definition of the word. Besides the dances I’d gone to where my mother had fussed over me to put on fancy dresses—which she had chosen for me—and do up my hair and makeup herself, I honestly didn’t know how to get ready by myself. She’d done more for me than I’d realized. I had paid attention, but some things were easier to put on with some help.
Like this godforsaken corset.
I grunted, sweating from tugging at the strings on my back. I obviously didn’t dress like this in my normal day-to-day activities. To my mother’s chagrin, I preferred to wear pants and a shirt. Something practical. My mother was anything but. But there I was, stuck in this odd-looking dungeon I couldn’t get out of no matter how long or how loudly I pounded against the glass, being forced to doll myself up. I wondered if a small part of my mother would have liked seeing me this way.
But just then, I’d have gladly taken her company even at her worst. I was utterly alone. Beyond the glass I could barely see anything, for it was slightly frosted, like a storm glass, and the lights were off in the darkness beyond. At least the frosted glass gave me some semblance of privacy. I guessed it was some sort of “smart glass” which could be made transparent or frosty at the flick of a switch. I’d read about this kind of pre-war technology but had no idea such a thing could still be created. Perhaps it had been reverse-engineered from one of the marvelous devices kept in the mansion.
I wondered if I was in a cave or some warehouse. Without the overhead lights on, I could see nothing besides darkness. The only light available was from a few lamps scattered throughout the inside of the globe. It was like a small apartment. There was the bed in the middle of the floor and a small desk for activities I could do on my downtime from whatever it was they were prepping me for, like writing on pieces of paper or reading from a stack of books. There were pencils, pens, and games to play, but games were no fun unless you were playing with somebody else. I wondered if I was the only girl in such a prison. It spooked me to think that there might have been previous occupants, but maybe, maybe I was the first. God, I hoped so.
I tried to push those thoughts out of my mind. I didn’t want to think that somebody else could have lived and possibly died in that globe. No, it had been made just for me, from what President Farlan had stated. He had made “plans” for me. It’d been only been a couple weeks since the bombing of the governor’s mansion when I had escaped with Clyde. If I had remained in the mansion or at home, this place would’ve been my prison a lot sooner.
I sighed and slid to the floor next to the bed as best I could in the tight corset and gossamer dress, which I had found in the closet below. It was a shiny gray, similar to the one I’d worn at the ball, but this one was gauzier and nearly see-through. I cringed at the underwear I’d been provided with to wear beneath it. They were downright scandalous. 
I sighed. At least I could breathe, which meant the corset wasn’t on tightly enough. Oh, well. Best I could do by myself. I leaned my head back, resting it against the edges of the fluffy down blanket. My heart ached thinking about my parents. They had betrayed me to President Farlan. I supposed I could understand why they had done this to me. Maybe they thought this was a better option than death. It was either that or death. Maybe Farlan had convinced them he’d take my hand in marriage and take care of me. Anything to make them give me up so easily. Wasn’t that what the ball was for? Finding a husband, pairing the daughters of the rich folk with appropriately wealthy suitors? I groaned at the thought, remembering how I had snubbed Farlan for being a pushy old man, waltzing up, snatching my hand, and kissing it without asking. He may have been a distinguished older gentleman, but he was far from being appealing to me.
I wasn’t into older men, but he could’ve chosen to force my parents to marry me off to him at the ball instead of starting a war. Maybe the ball was just a distraction for him. Who knew, maybe he’d grown bored plotting world domination.
And the worst part? I had snubbed the guy so maybe he had some crazy, sadistic plan for me now. Of course, I had told him something about his odd hair sticking up like a cock fight reject. It had obviously stuck with him or else this place wouldn’t even exist for me, would it? It made me chuckle to think I could affect someone enough that they’d been thinking nonstop about imprisoning me in a bubble for their entertainment. It was definitely something to stand out in somebody’s memory like that, but I wished I had never run into him at the ball. He might have just brushed me off as one of the girls who had died in the bombing of the mansion.
I wasn’t that lucky. Destiny had other plans. Weird ones. I must admit, it was starting to freak me out.
Waiting in silence, I’d done what his soldier, Everlee, had told me to do. I took a shower, picked some obscenely frilly dress, and applied absurd amounts of makeup. I looked like a circus clown. I didn’t really care. Luckily, in this see-through globe, the shower and bathroom facilities and unsightly tiny kitchen were downstairs. There was even a little table where I could sit and eat my meals in privacy. They delivered food down below when I wasn’t around via a dumbwaiter. I’d opened the sliding cabinet it came from and peered up into darkness. There was no telling where it went. 
I had tried to crawl all the way into it, but I was too big. Frustrated, I’d slammed it shut and screamed, my voice cracking under the strain. Was this how it was going to be from now on? No human contact? No one to notify about what kinds of foods I liked or hated? No one to yell at me for not eating my vegetables or not eating enough of my dinner? All alone in the dark snow globe? There was nothing more frightening than this, and I had to slow the panic as I breathed in and out. This was my future until I died or Farlan chose to replace me with a younger version. I hoped it wasn’t the end of me.
Despite moments of deep despair, I tried to look on the bright side. At least President Farlan wasn’t locking me up in his bedroom. The thought disgusted me, making me shudder. I hoped Clyde found me soon enough or at least before anything went too far. There could be little reason to transfer me out of there to a less appealing place. I hoped Farlan would be satisfied watching me cavort in a pretty dress behind glass and leave it at that. It was the best scenario for this situation. I didn’t want to dwell on how much worse it could get.
The lights dimmed inside my globe as brighter ones flicked on, making it evident the globe had been set up on a rather large stage. The lights focused on me, and I realized the glass wasn’t frosted anymore. A small group of people, possibly President Farlan and his small entourage, were sitting there, watching me from what looked like a theater seating area. I spotted Everlee eyeing me from the audience, his face calm and reserved.
So, I was a show for them to watch. What was I supposed to do for them? I prayed it wouldn’t involve removing any clothing. God, please no.
“Star. Please perform any dance you wish. We’ll provide the music. All you have to do is show us a dance. I heard you’re truly adept at it, as your ability was renowned. If you refuse to dance, there will be consequences.”
Farlan’s voice had come from speakers perched on the edges of my stage.
“You just want me to dance? What sort of dancing?” I asked up into the air. I was afraid I was going to do it wrong.
“Just dance,” another male voice boomed from the speaker. “He likes seeing pretty girls in dresses dancing, so do us a favor, and just dance when the music comes on. Don’t make us come in there.”
I groaned, nodding as the music started up. I didn’t want them to pay me a visit. I could do this. Just dance. Got it.
The music echoed hauntingly across the glass globe. While I’d been looking out at my audience of perverts, the bed had disappeared, as well as the desk and chair, like they’d been folded down into the floor to clear it for my performance. A small shimmer of glitter fluttered down from the top of the globe like snow. The music felt familiar. Chopin. Great. Now I was going to hate all the classical music I’d grown up with because of President Farlan. He was probably trying to appear classy by playing music I’d danced to for years. I had to give it to him, he had researched my past thoroughly. I could have mistaken him for a true gentleman had he not imprisoned me first.
I knew better though. He wasn’t refined. He was nothing but a trashy person who didn’t deserve my company. If he wanted to dominate me this way, I knew I couldn’t fight back. Not in this position. Let him put me on display in a glass case to dance like a windup ballerina for his companions. Fine. I could deal with that.
I had loved dancing ballet but had recently quit. Whose mother didn’t want their daughters to be prima ballerinas. My mother was no exception. I was glad most of those lessons had stuck, and I had enjoyed it for quite a while until my teen years approached, and I had tired of being in such a strict routine, preferring to work with my father. My mother had been less than pleased.
At least now they weren’t scrutinizing my technique. They just wanted to see me dance. I swayed back and forth then shot straight across the floor; a plié here, a jeté there, a ronde des monte, then repeat. Letting the dance flow, I let the dress spin around my legs, flaring out into the air, not caring what I was showing them beneath. I lost myself in the movement, forgetting for a moment that I was in a prison.
If I’d been back home or just hanging out with Clyde or Megan, I might have had some fun. Since I was a captive dancing for President Farlan, it was far from being a party. There was no fun to be had from any of this. I wasn’t ever going to be having any kind of fun doing this. At least not until I figured out a way out of there.
I just had to do what they asked, earn their trust. Then maybe I could find a way to save myself.
Finally, the music stopped, and the globe darkened, the glass frosting once more. The dim light from the lamps flickered back on as the stage moved with gadgetry, and the bed and desk rose up from the floor. The stage was once again my bedroom, and I was alone.
I breathed heavily as I looked around. I approached the glass and reached out to try and wipe away at the frost where I’d seen the audience sitting. Once more, I couldn’t make out anything. I banged on the glass until my hand ached, but nothing but darkness greeted me as I tried to make out their silhouettes. They were probably exiting the theater, chatting happily together, laughing at my plight. I wished I were on a regular stage; then I’d be able to throw my shoes and curse him out. 
I hope you enjoyed this stupid little show, I thought as I frowned. 
As long as I stayed inside the globe, I could devise a plan to escape. It was only a matter of time until Farlan got bored with my performances and demanded more from me. I couldn’t pretend the possibility didn’t frighten me. If only Clyde could help me out. But what if he didn’t? What if he lost the election? What if it took him forever to get through to me? What if he never got in to save me at all?
After several days of dancing in a myriad of fancy dresses every evening, I knew it was going to be a lot harder to escape than I’d hoped. I was stuck there. Maybe forever.





Chapter Thirty



Clyde

I ran my fingers through my hair, frustration causing me to pull it out by the roots. Things had gone awry far more than I could’ve imagined, even though my plan to become secretary of commerce was working. If I won, I would be able to work against Farlan from the inside. I had the popular support for the election that was to be held within a week. It was all to get closer to the president and gain his trust. That was my entire mission. I was doing it to help the rebellion, and the position of power was just a bonus. 
My main objective for the moment, though, was getting Star out of Farlan’s mansion. I hoped she was doing okay. Hell, I prayed she was still alive.
“I have a new gadget for you, Clyde.”
I turned to find Star’s father, Mr. Rickton, who had just entered my office holding a small gadget with the excitement of a child holding their first lollipop. He held out an object looking a lot like a thick, solid gold ring with a single small diamond. I peered at it curiously and then up at Mr. Rickton, puzzled.
“It’s a ring,” I stated, looking up skeptically. Why had I said that out loud? I was snappy because of fatigue and endless frustration. My patience had run far too thin, and I didn’t want to take it out on the old man, but I wasn’t biting my tongue hard enough. He probably had more patience than I’d ever had, for he grinned calmly back at me and paid no mind to my attitude. Instead, he held out the ring for me to pluck off his palm.
“It’s not just any ring. It’s a specifically designed gadget that will help you pick locks. You just press the top of the diamond, and the tiny picks will pop out. You can assemble them in a myriad of ways to fit nearly any door you come across.”
He held out another ring. It was almost identical except for a circlet of smaller stones around the diamond. “This one I’m particularly proud of. Turn the diamond clockwise, like this, press the underside with your thumb right about here, and then press it against someone’s torso to deliver a debilitating shock.”
Finally, he withdrew two more rings from his pocket, thinner and more ornate that the others. I lifted an eyebrow as he placed them on my palm.
“And what do these do?”
“The same. The larger rings are for you, and the smaller ones for Star.”
I nodded, impressed. “These will be quite useful when I make it into the mansion and get Star. Thank you, sir.”
Mr. Rickton tipped his chin, still grinning, but a flash of sadness gleamed in his eyes at the mention of Star. He paused, as though lost in thought. By playing dumb with Farlan, he’d managed to keep his association with the underground secret, but the cost had been his own daughter. He was now trying to redeem himself for that decision.
“Also,” I scrambled to change the subject, “has anyone been able to get a blueprint of the floor plan of the mansion? I need to figure out exactly where they’re holding her. We have some of the wait staff on our side who are ready to deliver anything to her but getting things to them will be a problem. I just need a plan, which I can’t orchestrate without a blueprint.”
Star’s father frowned as he tensed. It was enough of an answer for me. 
“No, unfortunately not. Apologies,” he said. “I should have it soon. I heard the wait staff only has access to the dumbwaiter that goes to her cell, and a guard examines the contents before it’s released to Star. I’ve heard there are others who go in to clean and whatnot, but we don’t have any of them on our side.
“I’m hoping our man on the inside can begin smuggling things to her,” he continued. “He’s already in place to smuggle in anything we can provide to her.”
I nodded. “Sounds promising.” I must remember things were going well, better, actually, than I’d anticipated. But I wanted to get into the mansion and whisk Star far away from this hell. My patience was on the edge of breaking.
If she hadn’t gotten herself caught, things would have been far less complicated. I wasn’t blaming her for this. It wasn’t her fault. She’d just been worried about her family. Who wouldn’t be? I just wished she weren’t in the middle of this political turmoil. I couldn’t imagine what she was going through, alone and possibly terrorized. I couldn’t help feeling guilty and responsible for her fate. I’d been too shortsighted to see that she’d want to return to Petra to find her parents. I should have checked on them the moment I’d returned and sent back a message to let her know they were okay. Or better yet, I wished I had smuggled them out of the city.
But I hadn’t. What a fool’s move. My lack of action had cost us Star’s freedom. This reminded me of what I wanted to ask Mr. Rickton.
“Sir, can I ask you something?”
Star’s father came to a stop midstep. He turned and glanced curiously back at me, looking weary. Worry lines cut into his face, and long gray hair shined atop his head, more than he’d had at the ball. He was worried about her, endlessly wondering if he had made the right decision to hand her over to President Farlan. I could see that clear as day. His guilt, his pain… it was written on every line of his face. Now that he was in hiding with his wife alongside the rebellion, well, they regretted their decision to hand their daughter over to that monster. Luckily, he was helping me create gadgets I could possibly use to spring her out, and as Chief Superior his knowledge of the workings of the world was invaluable to the resistance.
“Yes, go ahead,” he answered.
I knew he knew about us. Star and I had become close in the little time we’d spent together. “I spent a couple weeks with Star, and I must admit, she’s an extraordinary young woman. I found that being around her… well, I fell in love with your daughter.”
Mr. Rickton nodded, a small grin on his lips. “She is wondrous, for sure, but stubborn as an ox. Just like her mother.”
“Yes. Very.” I cleared my throat, hoping I wasn’t losing my nerve. “I was wondering if it would be okay if I asked you for her hand in marriage, but only if she’ll have me, of course. I understand that it’s expected for her to find a husband at her age.”
Star’s father studied me closely, as though he had never seen me before. I had to endure a moment’s hesitation as he looked away, probably thinking hard as a myriad of thoughts ran through his head. My heart seized at the possibility that he might reject my request.
“I thought I wanted marriage for my daughter,” he replied. “I should’ve listened to her all this time and taken her under my wing as an apprentice to my trade. The world is in shambles. What we’re doing, it’s not working, and so much needs to change. Girls have disappeared quickly, and yet we treat them as though they were second-class citizens when they are more precious than gold. If she wants to marry you, Clyde, she can, but only if she agrees. I will support her decision, no matter what she decides. I hope you know that.”
I couldn’t help but smile. Star’s father was growing on me every day, and I respected the fact he was now open-minded enough to let Star make her own choices. She deserved as much.
“Thank you, sir. I appreciate your insight, and I also would like Star to make her own decision. Whatever she may choose, I will always be here for her. I swear I will rescue her and bring her back. I promise you.”
“I know you will.” Star’s father nodded appreciatively before he turned away again and walked out of my office. I glanced at the rings, fidgeting with them pensively. They were exquisitely made, and no one would be able to tell they held such secrets within their metal. I hoped that when the time came, they would come in handy.
In the meantime, I needed to get moving and find those blueprints to get to Star. Time was running out. I knew she was strong and stubborn but still worried for her.
Hold on, Star. Hold on.





Chapter Thirty-one



Star

I yanked at the panel, my fingertips bleeding from the splinters of wood I’d torn from the wall. I’d been at it for hours.
“Ow!” I grimaced, pulling back my finger, the nail lifting at the end, cracked and bleeding. My hands were shredded, and I was getting nowhere. Behind the wooden panel was nothing but a metal wall. I couldn't get through it because I had no hammers, chisels… nothing. Nothing but my bare hands. I pondered if I would ever get out of there and what would happen if I didn't. 
And if President Farlan got bored of my dancing? What if he turned me into his mistress, or decided to have me killed? Dark thoughts flooded my brain, giving me a headache as I carefully cleaned and wrapped my fingers with the first aid supplies left for my use in the living quarters below the glass dome. It’d been weeks since I had been stuffed into the globe. I would have remained down below if I could, but they would flood it with noxious smoke to get me up to the top floor if I tried to stay there too long. They had thought of everything. No matter what, I had to dance when commanded. There was no getting around it. 
Rifling through the cabinets, I looked around at the snacks provided to me. They were plentiful and showed up out of nowhere. I had once tried to leave the cabinets and everything open to observe them getting restocked during the night, but as long as I sat there waiting, nothing happened. I would have to move to the upper floor, into the glass globe, to get any refills of food and water. When they were in the midst of restocking, they would lock the trap door and leave me upstairs, unable to return until they were finished.
I sighed. Did the servants know for whom they were restocking? Maybe they thought they were just resupplying some rich little mistress of the president. Maybe they didn't think much about it at all. Just another boring job for them. More than likely, they didn't even know I existed. 
I leaned back on the bed, staring up at the top of the dome as the faint light from my lamps reflected upon it. It was a quiet night, and I loved the nighttime best of all. I could read all I wanted, sing to myself, or just wear my pajamas and sleep on the soft, large bed they provided. Stay comfortable. No one would bother me in the silence of night.
Daytime meant I had to get up and do their bidding. Every morning, I was awoken by an announcement through the speaker and instructed to get dressed and ready for the day. If I refused, I’d be shocked by a disc-like chip they’d implanted on my neck the first day I was here. Getting ready entailed eating breakfast, showering, applying makeup, doing my hair and wearing one of those insanely poufy dresses that kept showing up in the closet. I had to be ready to dance even if nobody ever came to see me the entire day. That was the worst. When no one came for hours upon hours. The loneliness was unbearable.
The days droned on and on, and I could see that President Farlan was uninterested in seeing me unless he had guests. They came about twice a week. On the other days, I was left to my solitude in the globe. In my fancy dresses, I’d resort to reading the random books they provided or play games like solitaire with the small deck of cards they’d left me with. It didn't matter so much to me. I still had to apply my makeup and do my hair after breakfast every morning and wear a god-awful dress to be ready to dance at a moment’s notice.
What a tedious bore, and there was no end in sight.
Was this my life now? I wondered. It would be until Farlan tired of me and replaced me with a younger or prettier version. I thought about how I could appeal to Farlan when he was watching me dance. Would it be useless and embarrassing in front of his patrons? I contemplated this repeatedly as I sat in the underground quarters, assessing what my life had become. I had to break the cycle somehow, even if it meant getting Farlan’s attention.
"Clyde, where are you?" I whispered to myself, afraid that if anyone heard his name, they would put two and two together and figure out I was longing for him. What was he doing? Was he getting closer to infiltrating the president’s circle? Or was Clyde slipping further and further away from the goal than ever? How much longer would it take for him to get me out of there? Would he even be able to do it?
My thoughts wandered to Megan and the short friendship we’d had in the Glass Sky. I even wished for my mundane work, tinkering away each day on gadgets and mechanisms, greasing up my fingers until the cracks in the skin on my hands stayed permanently black. It was ordinary work, but I would rather do it than have to sit down twiddling my thumbs just in case President Farlan wanted to see me dance. I prayed for those days of easy solitude, working with cogs, welding metal, and fixing things which really needed to be fixed. I had felt useful then. Wanted. Respected. My father would have been proud of the work I’d done in the Glass Sky City.
The next day I entered the stockroom to check out the new snacks and games laid out for me. Once a week, they changed them out. God forbid this plaything got bored, right? Sifting through the stacks of books, I found one which looked oddly familiar. I remembered seeing it in Clyde's townhouse in the city after the governor’s mansion had been demolished, when he’d given me some of his sister Fran’s clothes. I picked it up immediately, staring hard at the cover, a small gasp escaping my lips. 
Could it be the same book? The creases on the front were the same. I’d held this book before. I could swear I had. I remembered Clyde had walked in and had seen me holding it, and I’d replaced it on the mantle of the fireplace at his townhouse, embarrassed to have touched things which weren’t mine. I hadn't even asked him about it, but he must have remembered, because it had to be the same book.
My breath hitched. I turned the pages slowly. Was there message in there for me? A horrible thought crossed my mind. What if President Farlan was on to us and had put this book here to tell me he knew all about Clyde? I prayed it wasn’t so.
I shook off the sudden dread building in my stomach and kept flipping through the book until I got to the middle section, where the pages had been carved out. Inside were two slender rings slipped around a rolled sheet of paper. The handiwork looked familiar, and my heart warmed as I realized they had been made by my father. He was the only person skilled enough to create such beauty. He’d hidden something in them, I could tell. A normal person would only see two beautiful rings, but I could see tiny seams on one of them where the metal folded, hiding gadgets inside. The other looked smooth, but I knew it had to hold some clever secret as well. I was excited to try and figure out the puzzles he’d placed within them. 
I plucked out the tiny piece of paper and looked around out of habit. It was silly. I was alone, and as far as I’d been able to determine, there weren't any cameras. They must have assumed eating, showering, and cleaning myself were tasks too mundane for them to watch. I was thankful for the tiniest bit of privacy. I looked up at the wall I’d wrecked and saw that it had been repaired during the last restocking. My heart sank.
Dammit. Oh, well. Not like I had any tools to get out of there. Who knew what the rings held? I couldn't wait to find out and use them.
Refocusing on the note, I unrolled it and looked down at it. It was my father's handwriting.

Dear Star,
I hope you're doing okay. My heart hurts every moment you’re gone. I blame myself, and I hope that you know your mother and I love you very much. We're working hard to get you out of there. There are so many obstacles, but just know that we’re here. We think of you every day and are working to help you every moment. Make sure you flush or burn this note when you're done reading it, so no one suspects anything. The rings I’ve included contain lock picks and a defensive electric weapon. I made them and another pair just like them for you and Clyde. Wear them at all times. Nobody will be able to tell any difference from a set of ordinary rings. Your mother and I are here with heavy hearts for what happened, and we would do anything to turn back the clock and fight harder for you.
 I hope you know that. Just hold on a bit longer, my bright shining Star.

After that, he signed it and included instructions on how to use the rings. A drop landed on the pages, and I realized I was crying. I grabbed a tissue and dabbed at my face, hoping not to ruin my makeup. At the end was a final sentence written in a different hand. I read it, feeling my heart elate with each word.

Just hold on a little longer, Star. xo – C

I choked out a breath, relieved. Clyde was nearby. He was coming for me. There was a light at the end of the tunnel!
Staring at the first of the rings, I studied the intricate, yet subtle details carved into its surface, admiring my father's handiwork. I followed the instructions, revealed the pieces of the lock picks, and pulled them out one by one. They connected to each other and could be made into nearly any shape or size. Unfortunately, the door to my prison didn’t have a keyhole on my side, but if I could get through it some other way, I knew the picks would come in handy.
Satisfied, I clicked the pieces back into the halo and slipped the ring over my finger. I then turned the diamond on the other ring and watched in eager fascination while tiny sparks ignited across it.
An electroshock weapon. Brilliant.
A new hope blossomed inside me as I placed the second ring on the finger of my other hand and checked my makeup to make sure it had remained intact. Adjusting my dress and flattening the wrinkles, a sense of hope filled me with determination. I lit the corner of the note on a candle sitting on the table and placed it on a plate, watching the paper slowly curl up and turn into ash. Soon, I would be free. Soon, this would all be but a distant memory.





Chapter Thirty-two



Star

I woke to the alarm alerting me to get the hell up and get ready for the day. There was no use in fighting it, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t groaning and rubbing at my eyes from the fitful sleep I’d had the night before. Waking up from little rest was insufferable no matter where in the world you were.
After breakfast, I dressed, applied my makeup, and carefully put up my hair as I did every other day. I dared not to do a crap job or I’d be shocked by the disc on my neck on days I refused to go up to the stage or had done a subpar job of dolling up.
It had subdued any immediate plans for escape. Maybe it was also a locator, a way to find me if I did get out. But even if not, it was a way to control me. Much like a cattle prod, it got me moving. Painful shocks would zap me until I complied with what they wanted. It worked well. After a couple shocks to my system, I would have done anything they asked me to do. The pain was unbearable and had left me heaving on the floor for at least fifteen minutes afterward, huffing and puffing with my legs and arms feeling like jelly. I’d lost control over my own body and had even wet myself the first time I’d been zapped.
I swore I wouldn’t let it happen again. I couldn’t let them do that to me. My pride had languished. My freedom had gone. But I wouldn’t let them take what little I had left, no matter what.
The buzzing alarm never failed to make me jump, my whole body shaking in fear at the sound of it. I could barely eat my meals, afraid I would be shocked without warning, and I’d choke. I ate tiny bites, being careful to chew thoroughly. I drank my milk just as slowly. Fear ruled my hours, my one constant companion.
This was my life now. A repeat of the day before. It felt like an axe swinging over my head, slowly being lowered on its chain with each arc. There was no way out. No way back home.
My memories floated in and out during the night hours, flooding my head with echoes of voices and mental anguish. I easily lost track of time, and if not for the buzzer ringing every morning, I wouldn’t have been able to tell one day from the next. I woke, I ate, I dressed, I danced. At day’s end, I showered, slipped on my pajamas, and crawled into bed to sleep. Rinse and repeat. 
This was not living; it was barely breathing. It was my own personal hell. Maybe I was already dead, and this was my penance. This was the price for wasting my life.
“Five minutes.”
The announcement rang out across the dome and down into my little alcove below. It was time to entertain. I slipped on my dancing shoes, securing them quickly before checking my makeup one last time in the mirror.
For the first time in weeks, I truly scrutinized my face in the reflection, aghast. I looked pale and gaunt. The light in my eyes had dulled, and the rouge on my cheeks was laid on thick to cover the pallor beneath. Was I imagining it? Maybe it was the layer of foundation smeared across my skin with heavy blush and eyeliner tracing my now larger eyes that made me look foreign. A stranger stared back at me. She looked wrapped in despair, already resigned in defeat.
That girl pleaded with me to save her. She wanted to tell me I had to keep fighting. Keep breathing. Stay alive. Hold on to myself, because without hope, I might as well be dead.
Turning from the mirror, I took the stairs one unsteady step at a time, my heart in my throat and stinging tears floating behind my eyes, I refused to let them spill. I couldn’t let the despair get to me. If this was my life from now on, and if Clyde failed to get me out of there, then so be it. I would do it with my chin held high and my soul intact.
The lights slammed on, blinding me for a moment as I stared out through the dome. Taking my position for a dance I’d choreographed, I waited for the music to start. At least dancing kept me busy when no one was around. Who knew those incessant ballet lessons my mother had forced me to attend when I was younger would help soothe my despair? Those classes felt like a millennia ago, but they comforted me now. For the few moments as I danced, I felt like that little girl again, young, naïve, and unmarred by the hardness of the world outside. 
My eyes adjusted as I waited for the music to queue. I could hear the murmurs of the guests outside my dome. They sat and peered at me with curious eyes. There were more of them today. My eyes scanned over them quickly, for I was scolded if they lingered too long on any of them, but this group had couples in it. Not only did President Farlan have a young beauty at his side, but she also looked to be enjoying herself.
Pathetic.
I wanted to throw up. How ridiculous. Did she know he was old enough to be her father? I ripped my eyes away, disgusted. But why? Was I jealous? Had I pinned all my hopes of getting out of there on being chosen to be at his side? Such a prospect was possible, and I had even glammed up more and paid far more attention to my appearance, trying to get my hair right, angling my eyeliner just so, and outlining my lips with the most seductive shade of red I could find in my makeup collection. All for what? It’d been a means to an end, but now it genuinely hurt my pride to be passed over for that young tart. I would not be reduced to being gawked at like a freak in a sideshow.
My heart shuddered. Was I truly depending on such an outcome? I felt sick, but the lights began to flash, and the sprinkle of music began. My muscles twitched, immediately switching into dance mode, a result of the conditioning I had put my body through the past few weeks. The muscle memory refused to stand still. Dance or die. My body knew the drill. It was dance, of course. There would be no dying. If Farlan wanted me as his pet behind glass, I would dance hard enough for him to enjoy it. After all, this was my life, wasn’t it?
But President Farlan paid no mind to the beauty next to him. He had eyes only for me. I could feel his gaze ease its way past the glass and dig into me, never leaving me as I took my position and began the dance.
The music absorbed the rest of my negative thoughts. Just in time too. I was feeling hot and cold at the same time, realizing I was truly doomed, no matter who Farlan chose. The dance saved me, like a lover’s embrace, wrapping its sweet caress around me, reminding me there was pleasure in more than one kind of life. In more than fresh air… being outside… being free. There was a delicacy in movement, in music, in losing oneself to the song. It was freeing in its own way.
Now I knew why caged creatures rejoiced and thrived. It was all they knew. It was their entire universe, and no matter their circumstances, they felt the beauty inside as long as they lived. I could dance to the music forever. I’d be okay. With music, I would be okay.
The song slowed to a crawl near the end, and I paused, turned away from the crowd but tilting my neck toward them in a fierce pose. My eyes focused on the girl next to Farlan, whose identity came to me like a slap in the face. I knew her from pictures and propaganda occasionally played on the TV in my little living quarters, a privilege I clung to for a slice of the real world outside. The girl was President Farlan’s daughter. 
Glancing away as I stood and curtsied to my audience, I realized there was a man sitting next to her, watching the performance with as much intensity as the president. My blood sizzled, and all my dark thoughts of despair went tumbling away in a sea of anger.
No. It can’t be him.
The girl fawned all over this younger man, pecking him on the cheek with her perfect, bow-shaped lips. Her long, gleaming blonde hair draped over her shoulders and touched the side of his coat. To his credit, he appeared tense, his eyebrow crease running deeper than ever as he leaned forward, ignoring the girl, his mouth in a tight, straight line. She didn’t notice or didn’t care. He let her fuss over him without brushing away her slender fingers as they flitted across his arm, fiddling with a button or two.
He was used to her touching him.
I knew without a doubt who this man was, but the reason he was there with President Farlan evaded me. Especially since Farlan’s daughter was obviously into him, all giggly and sappy, with her delicate paws all over him as she incessantly chatted into his ear even though he ignored her antics and was staring straight at me through the glass. His eyes shined in the theater lights like sharp ice ready to drill into my chest.
My lungs burned. I couldn’t breathe, and I couldn’t move. Luckily, the show was over, and the lights began to dim. The girl planted a wet-looking kiss on the man just before they got up and moved out of the theater. I could stand there forever if I wanted to; they were no longer paying attention to me. But I could still see them. I could watch as the young man shimmied out of the row and escorted Farlan’s daughter through the exit. I knew that man. I knew him like the back of my hand and the color of my eyes. What was he doing there with her? Why would he let her touch him like that?
No, I had to be wrong. It was a lookalike. After all, he would never—
But my eyes did not deceive me. It really was him.
Clyde.





Chapter Thirty-three



Clyde

My blood was burning. I could see why they said you had to freeze your heart when you joined politics, because it took all my strength of will to not jump from my seat and try to smash my hand through the dome to save Star. It would have doomed us both and thrown away all the rebellion’s hard work.
“She’s beautiful, isn’t she?” President Farlan motioned toward the dancer twirling across the stage. Of course, she was beautiful. She was Star, the most beautiful woman I had ever met. My heart clenched as I nodded, clearing my throat and readjusting in the uncomfortable theater chair. Farlan’s daughter squirmed next to me, sliding her fingers over my arm and squealing like a piglet with excitement.
“Daddy never lets me come to these shows. Now I know why. He was hiding such beautiful things from me. She’s amazing! Shame on you, Daddy! You keep such secrets!”
I fought the urge to cringe as she chatted. I smiled, nodded, and tried not to stare at Star dancing. At least in this situation, it was encouraged. The girl next to me, Georgette, President Farlan’s daughter, refused to let go of my arm, squeezing it tightly each time she gasped at Star’s mesmerizing choreography.
“It was supposed to be a surprise, but Gigi has a way of finagling her way into anything I try to keep secret.” Farlan smiled, elated to see his daughter so happy.
I flashed my eyes her way and studied Gigi for one moment too long. She was pretty, in a beauty queen, trophy-wife kind of way. As she fluttered her eyes at me, I could see she was also performing in a show of her own. There was intelligence behind those sharp blue eyes, and I could tell there was more to her than anyone would grasp at first glance. 
Gigi was my in, my way into Farlan’s inner circle. I could tell by the way her fingers ran along the seam of my jacket that she liked me but also knew her place in the game as well as I knew mine. This was dangerous territory, and I didn’t know how much I could trust her.
I swallowed down the lump in my throat, giving her a curt smile before turning my eyes back to Star. What would she think of this situation? My lovely Star. Still trapped like a firefly in a jar. I was no closer to saving her as I’d been weeks ago when she’d first gotten herself captured. I’d sworn I’d get her out, and that was my focus, but I also had an opportunity to change the world. I might be able to shift things toward the rebellion’s side without any further bloodshed.
Would she be receptive to it? Would she be on board even if it meant she must remain in her globe prison for a cause she barely believed in, just for a while longer?
“Isn’t she divine?” Gigi half whispered. Her sultry voice wafted into my head like opium smoke. She leaned her chest into my arm, giggling as she twisted my hair in her fingers.
“She’s quite extraordinary, indeed,” I said, clearing my throat and smiling at Gigi. What if she saw right through me and realized I knew Star far more intimately? Even worse, what if Star thought I was actively courting the president’s daughter?
 Please don’t let Star see me like this. Not yet. She wouldn’t understand. 
Gigi squeezed my arm and inched closer. Maybe I could get through this without anybody getting hurt. I glanced up and looked at my beautiful Star, afraid of what I would find. Would she ever forgive me if she saw me sitting with the enemy, staring at her as though she were a caged lion? My stomach turned at the thought of how this charade appeared from the outside. My heart hammered in my chest as the temperature rose in the room, even though my hands were ice cold. I was falling apart, and no one even knew it.
"She's a gorgeous dancer,” Gigi mused. “I wish I could dance like her.” She turned to face her father, “Daddy… I need someone who can teach me how to dance just like her. Do you think she would show me how?”
I paled, glancing over at Gigi. Was she insane? But wait… I slid my hand back over my hair as an idea sprung into my head. Maybe I could make this work. There was something in her statement that I could use, but before I could wrangle my words, Farlan was already speaking.
“Now, Gigi, I know you want to dance, but your mother never wanted you to do anything too strenuous like that. Your heart is fragile. I promised I wouldn’t let you do anything that could compromise it.”
Gigi groaned as she crossed her arms, pouting. I hoped I wasn't going to get caught between them. Observing the dynamics between father and daughter made me wonder if Gigi’s attitude was all a manipulative act. I didn’t know her well enough yet to decide if it was or not. She appeared shallow on the surface, but I didn’t doubt that her well ran deep.
“You promised that if I came here with you, I wouldn’t be locked up in this stupid mansion all the time, and yet, here I am. I haven’t seen the outside of these walls since then! It’s as bad as being inside those hideous globes you keep your pretty dancer girls inside. Dancing doesn't require me to go outside, and it’s not as strenuous as you think. I’ll take it slowly and build up my stamina. Can’t you see? It’s the perfect exercise for me. The doctor said I had to stay active somehow, but I’ve done nothing since I’ve been locked up in this horrid place. I'm going to scream.”
I listened silently, watching them out of the corner of my eye. If it was all an act, she had it down pat. Even a trained actress couldn’t have done better. Her pouty lips, the crossed arms, the crimson anger coloring her cheeks. She looked like a bomb ready to blow. And Farlan was falling for it. Oh, she knew how to manipulate him far better than anyone. Based on the look of coerced exasperation on his face, it worked for her.
She knew what she was doing. There was no ignorance behind her performance. Gigi was far more complex than anyone, even her father, gave her credit for.
"All right, honey. I’ll arrange for you to get lessons from a professional dance teacher. I hope it's worth it.”
“But… I want her to teach me, Daddy. I’ve never seen anyone dance like her. I want her to teach me.” She looked away, making a show of her disgust and disappointment.
I held my breath. Could Gigi be part of the solution to help me get Star out of there? Or would she be the end of us? With bated breath, I listened as I watched Star, pretending not to hear them.
“Well….” Farlan scratched his beard. Crinkling his eyes, his gaze shifted from Gigi over to Star and then back. Would he do it? Would he let Star near his precious daughter? Several seconds passed, and my chest tightened. 
Finally, Farlan grasped his daughter’s hand and smiled. “All right, all right. I will get it set up. Just don’t hold your breath. Star is quite stubborn, but I’ll see what can be done.”
“Oh, thank you, Daddy! You're the best!”
She leaned over and gave him a peck on the cheek, looking radiant, then turned back toward me, grabbing my arm to lean close. Her smile flashed, and her eyelids went droopy as though she were about to give me a kiss. The next second, her lips were on me, softly pressed to my face. I held my breath as my cheeks burned red. I looked up toward the stage, my eyes meeting Star’s stunned gaze.
The music had ceased, unnoticed. She stood frozen in a final pose with her shining eyes focused on the three of us as she breathed hard from the exertion of her performance. Sweat gleamed on her face and chest, glistening under the bright overhead stage lights. An angel couldn’t have looked more ethereal. Tears glistened in her eyes.
My heart sank. She’d seen Gigi kiss me. This would ruin everything. The promise I had made to her was still unspoken yet already broken. What would I say to her the next time we met? What would she do? I hadn't yet asked her to marry me, but betrayal and a broken heart were already there on display in front of me. Star’s devastation poured over me like molten metal.
To cover her grief, she tucked in her chin and shifted her pose for a final plié, closing her eyes as the song faded away. Tears slid down her cheeks but were barely visible under the harsh lights. Had anyone else caught what I’d seen a moment before? It didn’t matter. It was too late for me. The disgust in her eyes had said as much. Pure sadness, and disappointment. All aimed toward me.
I had let her down before having the chance to fix anything.
Would I ever get to explain this to her? Everything she’d seen was wrong. How had we gotten so convoluted, warped, and distorted? Sweat pooled on my brow, my head spinning and lightheaded even though I was still sitting down. The silence felt louder than a train, and it took all of my will to hold back a soul-crushing groan rumbling in my chest. I wanted to jump up and run to her and say this wasn't what it looked like, that I loved her, and we could run away together. Right now. This instant.
But I didn’t move. I froze. There was nowhere to go. No place to run and nowhere to hide. Everything was thrown into darkness.
After what seemed like minutes but could have only been a few seconds, Gigi tugged me back to reality, chatting excitedly as she pulled me toward the exit, her father behind us. Her fluttery voice filled my head before I had a chance to center myself, as though nothing had just happened between me and my love. The world was on fire and my heart had shattered like glass, but no one could know.





Chapter Thirty-four



Star

Pacing back and forth in my tiny galley below the dance floor, I remained dressed in a dancing outfit, make-up, and all. Still in shock, I rolled the scene over and over again in my mind. Nothing could have prepared me for it. To see Clyde again with another girl on his arm, kissing him with passion, sickened me to the core.
What was the purpose of it? Why was Clyde watching my performance with Farlan and his daughter? Why was he tormenting me this way?
My heart and my lungs seized. I couldn’t breathe and paced the room, wanting to tear my hair out. Ripping the sparkly barrettes from the mass of curls piled high on my head, I flung them across the room. Smearing my lipstick with the back of my hand, I screamed. I tore at my costume until the seams gave way and the dress slipped off my body. I wrapped my arms around myself, tears spilling down my face, surely messing up my carefully placed makeup. I didn’t care. Slipping to the floor, I rocked, squeezing my knees to my chest. My slip was all which remained of the gorgeous costume dress I’d worn for the performance.
Alone. I was all alone in all of this. Trapped forever.
I was going to be sick.
I ran to the bathroom and threw up. My dinner sat in the dumbwaiter for me to eat right after the performance, but I didn’t think I could consume anything. Not after seeing Clyde with that girl hanging all over him like he was a tasty morsel to savor. Why was she kissing him? What was going on?
He must have infiltrated President Farlan’s inner circle. I cleared my throat, wiping my mouth with some tissue as I flushed the toilet. Yes, that had to be it. He was just doing his job for the rebellion, finagling his way into high society to position himself to influence Farlan. Of course! How could I be so shortsighted?
But was Farlan’s daughter part of the plan or just a bonus?
Feeling slightly better, I gathered myself up off the bathroom floor. I had to trust Clyde. I had to let him work. Maybe pushing her away could blow his cover. I had to let him do what he needed to do and just stay focused. At least I knew he was okay and had continued his work to infiltrate the new regime one way or another, even if it meant getting close to Farlan’s daughter. I had to put my faith in him, even if I didn’t like his methods. 
Clyde would figure it out. My heart swayed in happiness as I wiped the remainder of the makeup off my face over the sink, rubbing soap into the mess. 
Patting my skin dry, I stared into the mirror at my reddened, swollen eyes. I was a wreck. How had I let myself break down so badly? My prison was getting to me. I had let one sighting of Clyde drag me down to the dark oblivion I’d sworn I’d never fall into. 
Good going, Star.
I slathered on some moisturizer and changed into a pair of comfortable pajamas. It was still early, and even though I was tired and wanted to go to bed, I wasn’t ready to lie down yet. I grabbed my cold dinner tray and shoved the rest of my costume items to the side as I nibbled on some of the food. I tasted nothing but ate as my mind wandered to my life outside of this prison. One day I’d see my parents again. I’d hold on to that tiny sliver of hope, or I’d go insane. One day I’d see Clyde again.
I squeezed my eyes shut, pressing my hands to them to shove my fatigue away. This hoping and praying was getting so damn old. How did prisoners of war survive imprisonment? What if I was stuck there forever?
I shook my head, trying to reroute my thoughts. Maybe I needed to rest and forget all about it. I slid into bed and breathed out, hoping the silence would give me some comfort. My chaotic thoughts eventually relented and let the calm of sleep overtake me.
I don’t know how long I’d slept when a knock on the glass dome caused me to jump. Rubbing my eyes, I looked around, wondering who would be coming to see me at such an hour. I didn’t have a clock, but that had forced my internal clock to sharpen. I figured it had to be early morning. I had slept all night.
“Hello? Star… are you here?”
My eyes widened. Someone was there. A female voice called out my name again, but my muscles refused to work. Was I imagining the voice? Was I delirious, tired enough to hallucinate someone calling my name? I didn’t recognize the voice, so it couldn’t have originated from my mind. The voice was all too real.
Footsteps closing in had me pulling out the lock picks from my ring and assembling them into a spike for protection. It wasn’t much but stabbing whoever was coming my way would be enough to keep them from harming me. I had no other weapons, but the spike and my electric shock ring could still kill someone if I needed them to.
“Whoa… wait. I’m not going to hurt you.” Shocked at seeing me armed, the girl stopped approaching. I must have been quite the sight, wild hair and makeshift weapons waving madly in the air. Her terrified eyes wandered to them and then back to me. “It’s all right, I’m not armed.”
“Who are you?” I demanded.
“I’m Gigi. I came here to ask you something.”
Staring at her, I could see she meant me no harm. She looked awfully familiar, and in my disoriented state it took me a moment to realize that she was the girl who had been plastered to Clyde’s side during my performance. I glanced around but saw no one following her. Was she alone? Why would she come without an escort? Where had Clyde gone?
I placed the spike on the table and straightened. “What do you want?”
“I wanted to know if you’d teach me to dance. I loved your performance. It was breathtaking, and I simply must know how you do it.”
Inhaling deeply, I took a moment to digest her words. She wanted me to teach her how to dance? Was this some sort of a joke?
“You’re kidding, right?” I snorted. I slid down into a chair, again glancing briefly at the staircase outside the globe leading in. “Wait… do you have a key to get in? How’d you get in here?”
“There’s a door in the globe but it can only be accessed with a chip.”
I raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean by a ‘chip’? What’s that?”
“We all had one embedded under our skin when my father took over. See?” Gigi held her wrist out to show me a small bump beneath a scar where her wrist met her forearm. The soft flesh was still pink but already healed, as though it had been placed weeks ago. “The chip lets everyone know where you are and gives access to certain areas of the mansion. I have access to it all. Well, almost all.”
Without thinking it through, I grabbed the spike and snatched her wrist, twisting her arm behind her. Pressing the spike to her neck, I pinned her to my chest before she even realized what was happening. She gasped as I tugged harder.
“Don’t fight me,” I snapped, “or this spike is going to become very intimate with your throat.”
“Please….” Gigi struggled, squeaking in pain. Her pinned arm gave me all the control I needed as I motioned her toward the side of the globe where she’d entered. “You don’t know what you’re doing. Let me go!”
“I know exactly what I’m doing,” I said. My voice came out cold and gruff. I wasn’t wearing any shoes and was still in my pajamas, but I was more determined than ever to use my one chance to get out of there. She was my ticket to leave.
I shoved her toward the staircase. Holding her close and keeping her arm twisted enough to keep control was difficult while we ascended, but when we made it to the top, bright red flashing lights and a spotlight shone right on us. I gripped the spike, knowing it was my only hope. 
Damn.
My guess was that the cameras in my little living area on the stage had caught my attack on Gigi. Guards swarmed the globe instantaneously. I might not make it out of there in one piece, but I was sure going to try.
“Star… don’t. Th—they’ll kill you.” Gigi didn’t fight back as I tightened my grip. “Please, stop….”
“Shut up! No one’s killing anyone here. You make them back off,” I hissed, pressing the spike harder against her neck. Gigi yelped.
“You don’t get it!” She grimaced, half whispering her words out of fear. I could break her arm if I needed to, but I didn’t want to. One good thing about being in the globe, it had given me plenty of time to exercise and get stronger, even if all I had to lift were thick volumes of books. All the stretches, handstands, running in circles, and dancing had paid off. I was far stronger than the soft and fleshy Gigi. She was no match for my physique. “Star… they’ll kill us both. They don’t care. We’re both expendable.”
“You’re not expendable. The president’s daughter? I’m betting they won’t do a single thing to us.” I gritted my teeth and shoved her forward, hollering to the guards to open the door or I’d kill her.
Gigi’s pallor concerned me. Sweat dripped down her face. I couldn’t have her collapsing in my arms before we got out of there. She was my only insurance. I loosened my grip on her arm, and it revived her some, color returning to her paling face.
“Don’t give up on me now, Gigi. We’ll get out of here just fine. Stay with me,” I whispered, pressing forward.
“Put your weapon down, or we will fire.” The nearest soldier held up his gun, pointing it at us. I prayed he wouldn’t do it.
“Please!” Gigi begged. I pushed on.
“Put your gun down, or you’ll be getting Farlan’s daughter killed. I’m betting he won’t like that very much!” I yelled back. The harsh lights moved, blinding me as they burned into my retinas. I couldn’t see anything beyond them. “And don’t try to shock me with the disc in my neck. The jolt will make my hand jerk.” I briefly raised the spike into the air before returning it to Gigi’s neck.
“No! They’ll hurt us both! You have to stop.” Gigi struggled some more but gave up quickly. “Surrender and they might let you live,” she warned me, but I refused to listen. There was no way they’d hurt us both, right? Would they?
Panic replaced the confidence I’d once had. When the glass door swung open, and we shuffled down the steps with the pressure of soldiers surrounding us, the stakes grew. 
Now I could see how many soldiers awaited us. We were greeted by half a dozen of them. Several of them had guns pointed straight at us. None of them looked as afraid as I was feeling beneath my carefully constructed mask of fierceness which I was struggling to keep intact. I shoved Gigi forward, afraid any of the soldiers would reach out and grab me from behind and put me in the same situation as Farlan’s daughter.
“Everyone… back off or the spike goes right into her jugular! I’m not kidding!” I yelled out, hoping my threats would make them give me some space. My chest ached, as did my arm holding on to Gigi. I tightened my grip when one of the soldiers reached out toward her, and her yelp caused him and the others to jerk back, giving us a good ten-foot circle.
It wasn’t much, but it was enough. I pushed on as she whimpered. On we went like that, past the wall of soldiers as they watched us like hunters focused on prey. I was aware of red dots moving around on the floor near my feet. I’m sure they were also covering my back. Snipers. Would they shoot? Would they risk it? They’d hit Gigi for sure, she was so close to me. I prayed they wouldn’t try it with those powerful rifles. They would shred right through the both of us. Farlan wouldn’t like that. I hoped to God that the soldiers knew that. I was pinning everything on that one bet.
“Star.”
A familiar voice echoed in my ear, and I turned to my left to seek it out when a prick pinched my arm. The person had gotten too close and had stabbed me. At least, that was what flew through my mind as fiery, molten liquid was pushed into my arm, spreading throughout my body. It filled me with fuzziness, turning my knees to liquid. I fought to turn and see who had done this to me. Who dared to get close enough to risk Farlan’s daughter’s life? 
My vision swayed as my eyes met the one who’d shot me up with a syringe, the glass instrument still clutched in his fingers. His glorious arms, which I’d dreamed of holding on to, now caught me mid-fall as I slipped away from Gigi and fell slack, my body melting to the floor. The spotlights slashed into my vision, leaving burned lines of brightness behind, streaking my vision.
I blinked, trying to process what my bleary eyes were seeing. If only Clyde would save me now as his voice swirled in my head. Or was it coming from this person now cradling me in his arms?
“Star… hold on.”
 




Chapter Thirty-five



Star

A slam of metal bars woke me, but my eyes wouldn’t open yet. I reached up, tugging at my lids as I tried to focus in the dim light. A hard pad was pressed against my face; there was no pillow. Everything hurt, and my head throbbed, a migraine flaring up as I moved. A stabbing ache shot into me from my upper left arm, and I rubbed it furiously, wondering why it hurt so much.
That was when it all came rushing back to me once more. And the memory of what had happened stung far worse than sleeping in a prison cell.
Clyde.
He had stabbed me with a needle! Put me down like a dog. Anger rushed through me as I gripped on to my arm, the soreness growing as I struggled to sit up.
“I told you they wouldn’t let you escape.”
I blinked furiously, my dry eyes having a hell of a time focusing on the figure sitting right across from me in another bunk.
“Who’s there?” I asked, my voice raspy.
“Here, this will help.” The guy held out a steel cup filled with water. I briefly wondered if it was poisoned, but the burn of thirst in my throat was too much. I grabbed the cylinder and eagerly gulped down the cool liquid. 
Finally feeling clearer and more like myself, I glanced back at the guy, who sat quietly staring at me. It was him— the sadistic and creepy soldier who’d taken me to President Farlan. I felt my heart sink to my toes. 
“Everlee,” I said. “What are you doing here? Aren’t you part of Farlan’s personal detail?”
“I’m here to save you. What else?” he grinned, tilting his head at me. His jet-black hair was cut shorter and mussed. He was wearing a black uniform this time, much like the other guards who’d surrounded me when I’d tried to escape. He looked different, but that smirk on his lips made it all too clear who he was.
 The only difference between him and the other guards were the silver and gold aiguillettes secured to his shoulders and across his chest, and a rack of ribbons and metals pinned over his heart. It was impressive and told me he was an officer rather than a regular guard. Had he been posing as a regular soldier at my parents’ house for some reason? I wondered what it had to do with me.
“Why don’t you just leave me alone?” My voice cracked, but I cleared it and finished off the water. Placing the cup on the concrete floor, my head spun. I ran my hands through my stringy hair, knotted and unkept. How long had I been there? From the scent emanating from my clothes, it had been days.
“I admit in our last meeting, I was a bit rash, but I need you to do as I say. It’s the only way you’ll make it out alive,” Everlee began. “You know, if you weren’t so suicidal, I’d wonder if anything would make any difference.”
“What do you care?” I snapped. “Why am I here? Why not just kill me while I’m down?” This banter made me feel nauseated. I closed my eyes, leaning forward into my legs.
“Here, take these. It’ll help with the queasiness.” He held out a couple of tablets and refilled my water from a pitcher sitting on the side table. I stared at them. “I swear, it’ll help. Just take them already,” he groaned, his impatience turning his face red.
“Now why would I believe you?” I asked, laughing. He must have thought I was crazy.
He pressed his lips together and shrugged. A moment passed, and he calmed, shifting in his seat as though swallowing his pride.
“Suit yourself.” He went to pocket the pills.
“Wait,” I pleaded. “Maybe I do need something. I feel sick.”
He sighed, studying my face before he held out the pills. I plucked them from his palm and put them in my mouth. Throwing back a drink of water, I hoped they would help like he said they would.
“You’re right, you know,” he affirmed. “There’s no reason to trust me, but I’m all you’ve got, sweetheart. Remember, I told you to let me know when you wanted to get out of here, and I’m here to remind you of the offer, Star-girl.”
I blinked at him in disbelief. Was I in some alternate universe? Everlee wasn’t supposed to help me. Hell, he was the creepiest guy I’d ever met. There was something off about all of this, but I couldn’t put a finger on it.
My mouth was already drier than a desert as I swallowed down the rock in my throat.
“Your offer was less than appealing and more like a trap,” I groaned.
He chuckled. “I’m afraid it did sound kind of inappropriate. Apologies. I meant I’d help you escape. Nothing else.”
I eyed him suspiciously. There was no doubt he was a dangerous man, but just how much I could trust him was still a mystery. I hated to pin all my hopes on him.
“What happened to Farlan’s daughter?”
“Gigi? Oh, she’s fine. Furious and demanding as always, but fine. I don’t think she liked the way you treated her, but she’ll get over it. Apparently, she likes you and wants you safe. Don’t worry, I’ll get you out of here in a jiffy.”
I had to be dreaming. Or having a nightmare. Either way, all of this was unbelievable.
“And how do you propose you’re going to do that?” I asked.
Everlee leaned forward, took a sniff, and grimaced. “To start, you need to hit the showers first, so your scent doesn’t attract anything in the tunnels. After that, you can get dressed in these.” He held up a set of worn black clothes which looked like regular city folk garb. “Which I’ll be wearing as well. I’ll be escorting you to a safehouse closer to the Glass Sky City.”
My eyes widened. “How… how do you know about the Glass Sky?” I didn’t believe it. How would a soldier of Farlan’s know about the rebellion’s headquarters? The last group that went there had been decimated, even though they had caused so much death and damage in the process.
“I’m a double agent, Star-girl,” He grinned widely, as though he’d pulled off an impossible magic trick to fool audiences. “You still don’t get it. You don’t know everything about me, do you,” he chuckled and jumped to his feet as he shook off his uniform top. It left him in a dark shirt clinging to his body. “I’m working for the rebellion. All that talk in the car, well, I’d made it so obviously over the top on purpose so the commander would brush me off as another lovesick soldier. I hope you’d see through it and get the real meaning of my message, but I guess not. Come on, off to the showers with you.”
“All right. Just give me a minute,” I groaned, rubbing my eyes. “What happened to Clyde?”
Everlee, confused, wrinkled his eyebrows. 
“You mean Commerce Secretary VanWright? The one who drugged you?”
I yawned, nodding.
“Oh, I forgot. You’ve been living in a bubble. Literally.” He snickered but stopped and cleared his throat as I glowered at him. “VanWright and Gigi are engaged. He’s gotten pretty cozy with the president’s daughter.”
Clyde was with Gigi? He had never said that was part of the plan. Come to think of it, he had never told me he was Lord VanWright either. He’d lied to me about all of it. Why?
“Why would he marry Gigi?” I asked, more to myself than to Everlee. I shook my head, still stunned from the revelation.
Everlee shrugged. “He’s probably courting her as a way to gain favor with the big honcho. She’s at Farlan’s side at all times, so he gets to be there too as long as Gigi wants him around. She’s absolutely infatuated with him. They’re considered the ‘it’ couple right now.” He watched me get paler and slump my shoulders. “Oh, I thought you knew. Do you know this Clyde guy?”
“He’s just using her to get to Farlan,” I muttered. My head throbbed as I closed my eyes. They burned from the tears I forced back.
“Yeah, probably. I heard their engagement party is coming up this week. It’s kind of a big deal if you ask me. Too bad I’m going to miss it. Never knew a guy so dedicated to his work he’d marry the president’s daughter to get promoted.” Everlee sneered, but his joke failed to get a rise out of me.
His words dripped with sarcasm, and I wondered if he wasn’t just a little bit jealous of Clyde. Why shouldn’t he be? Clyde was becoming top dog with a beautiful trophy wife while Everlee was stuck down in the dredges of the underground dealing with a disaster like me. He rubbed his neck, closing his eyes with fatigue. For the first time I noticed that he looked younger but exhausted, with dark circles under his eyes and an unshaven face. When was the last time he’d slept? I shook off the thought.
“At least he hasn’t stabbed her with a hypodermic needle,” I groaned, rubbing my arm, the site still raw from whatever Clyde had used on me. How had he known where I’d be? I strained my thoughts, thinking about how he would’ve been able to know what I was up to, but I came up short. He was a spy. He could’ve been at the security headquarters under the guise of something else, for all I knew. He could’ve escorted Gigi to my globe and waited outside with the syringe just in case I bolted. I didn’t care. Why should I? He had betrayed my trust with what he’d done and had lied to me this whole time about who he was. At least now I knew he wasn’t on my side at all.
“Man, at least VanWright doesn’t have to get all dirty down here. These used to be torture chambers in the wars; never really cleaned up at all. Now, hardly anyone knows about them. VanWr—”
“Don’t ever say his name to me again,” I snapped. Bitter words dripped from my mouth, tasting just as bad as rotten garbage. Clyde’s betrayal felt so raw and stung like nothing I’d ever felt before. I wanted to reach inside and rip him out of my head and heart.
“Listen,” Everlee interrupted. “I guess he saved you in his own way. Who knows? All I know is that now I have to get you out of here.”
I looked away and out through the cell bars, willing my tears to not fall. Nothing could be seen except another cell on the other side of the hall. I didn’t want to talk about Clyde anymore or hear about his heroics or his new love life. He was dead to me.
“When can we leave?” I asked. I closed off the part of my brain that thought about Clyde and everything associated with him. I had to before I lost my mind and screamed.
“Come on. Grab your clothes and shoes. You need a hosing down first. No one comes down here. It’s kind of like my private quarters. It’s how I could hide you after they put you in the infirmary.”
“Thanks,” I mumbled. I wasn’t feeling incredibly grateful at the moment.
Everlee watched me as I scooped up the clothes he’d brought and followed him down the hall to a shower room. The cells were darkened, but the walls were lined with grimy slabs of metal and bolts. The smell of iron and staleness permeated the air. At least the shower room looked clean and updated. I wondered if Everlee had done the work himself.
“This place is probably harder to escape from than that damned globe,” I noted.
“Not necessarily,” Everlee winked. I rolled my eyes.
The showers were semi-private, with stalls but no curtains to cover the entrance to each one. Great. At least Everlee would enjoy a peep show. I shuddered at the thought.
He shut the door behind him and turned toward a bench on the right side of the room where he took a seat. From there, he wouldn’t be able to watch me soap up and shower. He began to change into regular civilian clothing and I quickly averted my eyes. I felt a tiny wisp of relief and turned on the water. I could just see him over the short wall of the shower stall. I let the steamy water roll over my skin, sighing at its warm embrace. Everlee’s voice interrupted my thoughts.
“Look, you need to listen to me, Star.”
I glanced over the divider and glared at him. “What is it?”
He held out an old, tarnished pendant in his fingertips. “I need you to keep this totem for me. It’s the key to something important and needs to stay hidden. I don’t want anyone to get ahold of it.”
“Why would you give it to me?” I asked, leaning forward to rinse out my hair. I watched the bubbles swirl down the drain, closing my eyes as the steamy water soothed my aches and pains. I didn’t want to hear what he had to say. I didn’t want to be a part of anything anymore.
“Because I trust you. You’re the only one I trust.” Everlee’s voice was softer, more sincere. What was he getting at? He was tricking me, right? Just like Clyde. They all were the same.
“Trust? Well, I don’t trust anyone. Why would you trust me? You don’t even know me. You’re just here to play games. Why don’t you just go away?”
Confusion filled his face. “No. I’m really here to help, and I need your help in return.”
I shook my head, laughing. “I don’t need you to help me. There’s always a catch. Always. You can go to hell for all I care.” I slammed the water off and grabbed a towel from the stack on the divider between the stalls. I wanted to drown him out even though his sincerity had struck a chord with me. I couldn’t let him in. I couldn’t let anyone in at all. It was too dangerous. My emotional state was so raw and delicate. 
“I—I….” Everlee stopped talking, and his silence concerned me as I quickly dressed. Once clothed, I stepped out of the stall and laid my eyes on him. He was sitting glumly, staring out across the room, avoiding me.
I cleared my throat, but he didn’t flinch. “I’m done.”
“I see that.” He straightened, frowning.
Maybe I’d just blown it. My only way out of there was dependent on the one guy I’d never touch with a ten-foot pole. If he refused to lead me out now, what would I do? I swallowed, my ego shrinking as I wondered what to do.
“I need to get out of here, Everlee. Please,” I pleaded, choking on my pride.
He looked up without moving and narrowed his eyes in thought, looking at me as though he’d never seen me before. He was about to pocket the key, looking defeated and shaking his head.
“I’m not who you think I am, Star-girl, but I’m not him. You might find a surprise or two with me. You don’t have to like me, but at least trust me.” He stood and walked closer before taking my hand and placing the totem as well as a sheath with a dagger on my palm. “Take these. We can’t have guns where we’re going.”
My eyes widened. Was he offering me his important pendant and a weapon? This went against everything I thought I knew about him. I nodded and took them from his hand. His touch lingered on my skin but only for a moment. I felt his hesitation as I took the dagger. 
“All right, Star-girl,” he grinned, shedding the gloom like a mask. “Don’t look so worried. There’s more to this mess than you think. Just stay close, and we’ll be out of here in a snap.”
Everlee smiled, a genuine one that crinkled his eyes and made him look a lot less fierce. He appeared years younger than with the strained snarl he wore every other time I’d seen him. It left me wondering if all he’d said was true. It was all I had to hold on to at that moment.
I shoved my wet hair back, tying it into a knot and wishing I had a brush. He turned and opened the door to the hall of cells, bowed, and held out an arm.
“After you, Star-girl. It’s time to chase the dark.” He winked.
I threw him an incredulous look, afraid to see the monster behind those dark eyes, fathoms deeper than before. My fear crept in again, afraid no one was who they said they were, and everything was an act. How could I navigate this world when nothing and no one was real? It made my head spin to think about it. 
Instead, I focused on the darkness of the prison, searching the hall for obstacles. There were no guards around, making the place appear abandoned and desolate. I stuffed my hesitations into a box in my mind filled with things I didn’t want to think about. So many things were hidden there, in a place I wanted to forget. Namely, Clyde. But I knew I wasn’t done with him. I was afraid that from now on, he would be intimately involved in my life, no matter where the road ahead took me.
Sighing, I let Everlee lead me into the unknown.





Book 2 of The Glass Sky Series:

Dark Prism

Coming Soon!





About the Author

Alexia Purdy


Alexia is a USA Today Bestselling author who currently lives in Las Vegas and loves spending every free moment writing or hanging out with her four rambunctious kids. Writing is the ultimate getaway for her since she's always lost in her head. She is best known for her award-winning Reign of Blood series, and A Dark Faerie Tale Series.

Connect with Alexia Purdy:
Sign up for Alexia’s Newsletter HERE
Alexia Purdy’s Website
Alexia’s Patreon Page
Twitter
Instagram
Bookbub Page
Goodreads Author page
Alexia Purdy’s Facebook Fan Page
A Dark Faerie Tale Series Facebook Fan page
Reign of Blood Series Facebook Fan Page




More books by Alexia Purdy

Accursed Archangels:
The Unbreakable Curse
The Cursed Labyrinth
The Irredeemable Soul

The ArcKnight Chronicles:
ArcKnight
Sovereignty

Reign of Blood Series
Resonant
Reign of Blood
Disarming (Reign of Blood #2)
Elijah (The Miel Chronicles):
A Reign of Blood Companion Story
Amplified (Reign of Blood #3)

A Dark Faerie Tale Series
The Withering Palace (A Dark Faerie Tale #0.1)
Evangeline (A Dark Faerie Tale #0.5)
Ever Shade (A Dark Faerie Tale #1)
Ever Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #2)
Ever Winter (A Dark Faerie Tale #3)
The Cursed (A Dark Faerie Tale #3.5)
Ever Wrath (A Dark Faerie Tale #4)
Without Armor (A Dark Faerie Tale #4.5)
History of Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #5)
Ever Dead (A Dark Faerie Tale #6)
Legends of Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #7)
Guardians of Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #8)
Ever Fade (A Dark Faerie Tale #9)

Other Stories
The Fall of Sky
Wicked Grove

Anthologies
Soul Games
Faery Worlds
Faery Tales
Once Upon a Curse
The Shapeshifter Chronicles
It’s a Bird! It’s A Plane! A Superhero Anthology
Once Upon a Kiss
The Aching Darkness
Dark Waters: A Mermaid Anthology
Once Upon a Quest
Once Upon a Star
Once Upon a Ghost
Once Upon a Wish
