

One
It was exactly what the name suggested: a massive forest spanning miles. To the outsiders—mainly humans—it was referred to as Dolar Woods. Named after the human who discovered it… and subsequently never returned when a moving tree swatted at him as if he were a rat.
To the inhabitants it was simply known as the Woodlands. It did not need a more precise title. The one forest was the epicenter of their existence and everything else was superfluous. The strange and wondrous beings of the mighty forest assumed there was nothing of value beyond their domain. None of them had ever willingly left, nor had any of them ever tried. There was no point in leaving when everything they ever desired was there.
One such species that lived in the Woodlands were the nymphs. All beings of the forest were closely connected to the Nature Goddess, but none were as close as the two forest spirits: nymphs and dryads. These beings heard the whispers of trees as the wind blew their branches and, under the utmost of exceptional circumstances, could look upon the Goddess if she chose to show herself. Most never had that privilege, and the few who claimed they had were usually thought to be fibbing.
Nymphs bore resemblance to humans in many ways. They were shorter than humans with most reaching only just over four feet. The males were indistinguishable from the females, with both genders appearing androgynous in the eyes of the other beings in the Woodlands. All nymphs had flowing white hair and an even paler complexion. They quite easily blended into the petals of the cherry trees or mist caused by the constantly moist atmosphere.
Upon a long arm of the oldest willow tree in the Woodlands rested one such nymph. His name was Neem. Although he was like all other nymphs, future events would set him on a course that none of his kind had ever been on.
Neem, like all other nymphs, wore little. Nymphs were attuned to the cool temperature of the forest so clothes were not needed for keeping warm. The only garment Neem wore was a loincloth—woven of white string—for modesty, and even then, he sometimes did not wear that if he was just among other nymphs.
He also wore a crocheted necklace that looked like a beaded spider web as the strings ran around his neck, then draped over his shoulders, and finally interlocked with his bracelets. He had crafted the accessories himself, as was custom. All nymphs designed their own neck accessories to make them unique. All nymphs designed their own, unique neck accessories to allow other creatures of the forest to distinguish between them.
“Neem?” a low, soft voice whispered. 
The little nymph’s green eyes popped open and were met with a pair of dark brown eyes staring back. He smiled when he recognised the mighty dryad looming over him. Although he was high in a tree, the dryad stood at eye-level with the surrounding tree tops.
“Jaiya!” he squeaked cheerfully and wrapped his arms around her neck to draw her into a hug.
He ignored the coarse bark rubbing against his soft, little arms.
The dryad, being designed in the image of the Goddess, had beautiful, dark brown skin below even darker bark. Her antler-like branches were so large that they became tangled in the willow tree as she leaned down to hug the nymph, but she ignored that minor problem.
“Are you all right?” Neem asked in a concerned manner. 
He saw the uncertainty in her eyes.
“Have you not sensed it?” she asked, cocking her head to the side with a creaking sound.
Neem imitated the movement due to his own confusion.
“Something has come from the south,” she explained. “The trees have sensed it. It’s something… unnatural. Something that isn’t from the Woodlands.”
Neem’s eyes widened. The explanation only confused him more.
“The water spirits says it’s been following the Nacta River. We need to warn as many other beings as possible to stay away from it until it leaves.”
“If it leaves,” Neem thought aloud.
“It will leave,” Jaiya assured him. “Whether by choice or by the Goddess destroying it, it will leave.”
Neem nodded. He hoped Jaiya was right, for everyone’s sake. Foreigners did pass through the forest on rare occasion–but they were unwelcomed. What lay beyond the Woodlands did not concern the forest folk, but they did not like outsiders entering their land and tainting it.
“Is it another human?” Neem asked. He hated humans. They tried to cut down trees from the forest to use as timber, but the dryads generally were able to make them flee back to where they came from. “Or maybe a wolf?”
“I cannot stay,” the dryad said. “It is dangerous regardless.”
“Then what are we waiting for?” Neem asked in a panicked tone. “We must warn the other creatures to stay away!”
Before the dryad could say any more, the little nymph climbed down the willow tree and dashed deep into the forest, searching for fellow nymphs to help him get the word out about the unknown danger. Jaiya had to chuckle. Neem was well over a hundred years old yet acted so juvenile.
Alerting the other creatures in the forest about the unknown danger was an easier task than expected. If the thing continued to follow to the Nacta River it would be gone within a week. Everything would be fine providing the other beings of the forest stayed clear of that river. 
“We should kill it!” a pixie squeaked upon receiving the news from Neem. 
The little creature was no more than two feet—hardly a threat to a thing with unknown magical abilities.
“The Goddess would not approve. You know that,” Neem warned. “She will remove it herself, should the thing become an issue.
The little pixie’s pointy ears drooped before it let out a “humph” and scurried away.
“Neem!” came a familiar voice.
Neem turned to see a nymph coming toward him. It was his friend—sometimes lover—that approached.
“Fee!” he exclaimed, but not in his usual cheerful manner due to the stress he was feeling.
For the female nymph, there was no time for greetings so she got right into it: “There’s an old centaur drinking from Nacta where mermaid rock is. Lilac and Numi tried to get him to leave, but he swatted them away, and the trees say the thing is heading his way!” she squealed in one breath.
Neem froze as he pondered over what to do. Centaurs were always stubborn—especially old centaurs.
“I’ll go get him,” he said boldly.
Fee shook her head rapidly.
“But the foreigner!”
“I’ll be gone before it even reaches mermaid rock,” he assured her.
There was a lovely harmony among all creatures under the Goddess’ watch. Their communal values were clearly demonstrated in dangerous times like this. All of them respected the commands of the forest spirits to stay away from the Nacta River—all of them except this old centaur.
It took Neem quite a few minutes to reach the river even though he was running as fast as his legs could carry him. He was not sure how close the foreigner was to mermaid rock, but he had to assume they were extremely close if the trees were raising alert.
Oh yes, he thought as he saw the old centaur, this does look like the kind of centaur who would be stubborn. Tail full of knots, hooves full of stones. Yes, this was a stubborn centaur.
“Pardon me,” Neem said politely.
The centaur did not respond; he had not heard the nymph.
Neem made the wise decision to only approach so far. He knew better than to be within kicking range of a startled centaur. The worst thing he could do was try to touch the creature as it stared out at the Nacta River.
As expected, the old centaur jumped when he saw the nymph and made a whinny sound.
“Good Goddess!” he barked. Neem watched his white beard twitch as he talked. “I’ve had just about enough of you young folks trying to deny me a simple drink at the river.”
Neem had expected the centaur would react like this.
“You must leave,” the nymph said loudly to ensure the centaur would hear. “A foreigner is coming right this way. They will kill you if you’re in their path.”
The centaur let out a snort and stomped his hoof.
“Foreigner, eh? Send them here. I’ll show them a piece of my mind.”
“The trees have said this foreigner has magical abilities, but he’s not been blessed with magic by the Goddess. This foreigner uses dark magic.”
The centaur stopped being haughty for a moment to think over what Neem was saying.
“Navu is only a few miles away,” he continued. “Get your drink there, but please, please leave this river right now.”
The centaur let out a gruff snort and, without another word, trotted slowly back into the forest. Neem sighed a breath of relief. He was worried they would be bickering right up until the foreigner arrived and killed them. The centaur had turned away the little fairies that tried to warn him, but it was harder to deny a forest spirit—downright blasphemous, actually.
Neem stood there for a few seconds to scan the area. He did not see the foreigner; no dark clouds on the horizon signalled the trespassers arrival. He just wanted to see the foreigner so he knew what he and his friends were dealing with.
He got his wish.
Neem groaned in an exasperated manner when he heard the crunching of leaves behind him. He assumed that old centaur had returned after changing his mind about leaving.
“For the love of the Godde–” he was in the middle of saying before he choked on his words.
Frozen with fear, Neem could not do anything as he stared at the tall figure in front of him.
Without a doubt it was the foreigner. For one thing: his entire body was covered from head to toe in black clothing which was something no creature of the forest did. The hood of his cloak made it impossible to see his eyes, but his mouth could just barely be seen.
 “I didn’t mean to frighten you,” the foreigner said calmly.
The nymph wanted to speak, but when the foreigner took another step towards him he took three steps back and unwittingly fell into the river. The cool water certainly helped wake him up and bring him back to reality.
This human’s going to kill me, the little nymph realised. Because he was certainly a human, but a human who had dark magic abilities? That was something unheard of.
He was surprised when a gloved hand reached into the water and grabbed his arm. Neem could swim, but he had refused to resurface out of fear for what the foreigner would do to him when he did.
“Get away, get away!” Neem shrieked as he was pulled back to shore.
The foreigner let go of him instantly, obviously startled by the nymph’s shrieking.
Neem crawled away from the man before standing up and trying to regain his composure. He hoped no creatures of the forest had heard him scream or they could come running and get in as much trouble as he was.
“Would you believe me if I said I don’t want to hurt you?” the foreigner chuckled.
Neem spat some water out of his mouth.
“You’re a human, of course you want to hurt me,” Neem muttered shakily.
The foreigner laughed again.
“You think I’m human? Interesting.”
Neem’s pointy ears perked up.
“Yes, and humans are not welcome here,” he stated, feeling more bold.
“Well,” the foreigner began while grabbing his hood with one hand, “would I be more welcome if I wasn’t human?”
The man’s full face was revealed. He skin was almost as dark as a dryad’s but a different shade of brown. His whole complexion was dark for that matter. Peering through the strands of his black hair were equally dark eyes. These were not the traits Neem immediately took note of, however. No, his attention was initially directed toward the foreigner’s curled, black horns He was definitely not just a human.
The smug look on his face suggested he thought the nymph would be more shocked, yet Neem only looked intrigued rather than fearful. He hated humans, but he had no idea what this creature was.
After ogling for a few seconds, the nymph quickly shook his head.
“You must leave,” he said firmly. “You’re not welcome here, whatever you are. We don’t like dark magic.”
“Understood,” the foreigner said with a slow nod. “I am on a journey and just passing through. I will be gone soon enough. However, I must ask if I may have some fruit from the trees or any other kind of food—I have run out of my own rations.”
Neem shook his head.
“No. The trees will not allow a foreigner to pick their fruit.”
The man gave a disappointed nod.
“Perhaps, since I am trespassing, I should be giving you something rather than taking. May I offer you a little token with the promise that I will not take or taint anything in the forest and, in return, receive safe travel through here?”
Neem did not answer and continued to just stare at the man as he rummaged through his satchel. After a moment he pulled out a beautiful shell of many colours.
“I would assume coinage is not the currency here, so perhaps you would like this seashell for jewellery purposes,” he explained while holding out the large shell. “After all, you seem like a… boy who enjoys accessorising. I can guarantee you’ll be the only one in the forest wearing this.”
The nymph wanted to take the beautiful shell, he really did, but he knew it would be wrong.
“I can’t promise you safe travel through the Woodlands. If the Nature Goddess condemns you then there’s nothing I can do.”
“Then I only request that you promise the other creatures in this forest won’t harm me, just as I won’t harm them. If the Nature Goddess condemns me… well, so be it.”
He gestured again for Neem to take the shell. This time the nymph did so.
“No forest creature will harm you, but you must leave the Woodlands as soon as possible.”
“Understood.”
Before anything more could be said, Neem scurried off into the forest. His heart was beating so fast that he thought it would burst through his chest.
Did I really just speak to a foreigner? he thought as he ran. How am I even alive after speaking to a foreign magical being?
He was afraid of the man, but also intrigued by him. Neem wanted the trespasser gone as soon as possible but also wanted to learn more about him—how could something that looked like a human have horns?

Two
All the other creatures were quite shocked when Neem returned—unharmed—with a strange shell in his hand. Some feared the thing was cursed, but most just liked its beautiful colours.
“Where’s he going?” Fee asked.
Night had fallen and therefore Neem and Fee, along with the other nymphs, had ventured to where they usually slept at night: mossy rocks surrounding a pond.
“It doesn’t matter,” Neem replied bluntly. “Providing he’s going away from here, then he can go wherever he wants.”
The drained female nymph watched in a lulling manner as he carefully dug a hole through the tip of the shell using a sharp rock. She and the others had prodded him to join in the fun earlier, yet he had refused. He had actually moved further from the saturnalia when one nymph had pinched his buttocks teasingly. Feeling bad, she came to sit with him afterwards.
Neem attached it via string to the rest of his neck accessory. He knew it was wrong to wear a shell from a foreign land, but it was just so pretty that he could not resist.
Fee got up onto her arms to get a better look. She stuck out her hand and stroked the shell. It was exciting how it sparkled under the light of the moon and fireflies in the air.
“He said he doesn’t have any food,” Neem finally said with a sigh. “And if it takes about a week to reach the end of the forest then he might not make it out at all. I told him that he couldn’t take any fruit or other food from the Woodlands so I’m not sure what he’ll do.”
The female nymph looked up at the magenta tinted moon as she thought.
“Has the Goddess given you any signs about what to do?” she finally asked.
Neem shook his head.
“She has said nothing.”
“Well, until she gives you a sign, you must go with your gut feeling.”
He sighed—he did not like what his gut feeling was telling him to do.
“I don’t want him to starve to death because of me,” he admitted.
Fee nodded in understanding.
“Then you know what you should do.”
“Yes… I do.”
Neem carried seven pears in his arms as he headed for the Nacta River. He was sure he would be able to find the horned being quite quickly. It was nightfall and he would probably be resting. Yet a part of Neem wished he would not find the man—he was still quite afraid of him.
The nymph’s blood boiled when he saw an orange light flickering through the trees.
He’s made a fire, he thought. He cut down a tree and burned it!
“What did I say about taking from the forest?” he growled as he pushed through the bush and to the river bank.
Much to his surprise, no wood was being burned. The flame was right in the palm of the foreigner’s hand as he leaned against tree. In his lap were thin white sheets bound together by a dark cover—it was something Neem had never seen before.
The little nymph gasped when he witnessed the magical fire. It was unquestionably the product of dark magic. Upon seeing the nymph’s reaction, the man closed his fist, snuffing the flame instantly.
“I…” Neem squeaked before his words drifted off.
The foreigner’s dark eyes met with his, but then drifted down to the pears he carried in his arms and then back up to the shell that was now attached to his neck accessory. He smiled upon seeing this.
“Good evening,” he said calmly while closing the case with strange white sheets in it.
Neem just stood there for a few moments. He felt so conflicted about his decision to give the foreigner food. Was this man evil? The fact he could create fire in his hand would suggest so.
“Are you all right?” the foreigner asked, sitting up properly.
“Um,” was all the little nymph could get out.
Unable to form words, he merely gestured to the pears in his arms and then looked back to the foreigner.
“Are those for me?” he asked to try and help the smaller being along.
Neem thought for a moment and then nodded. He cautiously took a step towards the other man.
“How very kind of you,” the foreigner said sincerely while standing up.
Neem froze. He forgot that the other man over-towered him. Without proper lighting, he was just a giant shadow with horns.
“Thank you very much,” the foreigner said as Neem dropped the pears into his sack. “I find this sort of hospitality incredibly rare.”
“Why?” Neem asked before he even thought about his question in his head.
The foreigner laughed and pointed at his horns.
“What’s wrong with your horns?”
The foreigner took a seat again, Neem cautiously copied his movement and sat cross-legged on the river bank.
“You really don’t know what I am, do you?” the foreigner asked.
“You’re a man with horns,” the nymph stated simply.
“True. Say, do you know what fauns are?”
Neem shook his head.
The foreigner leaned closer to him, causing Neem to lean back.
“Part man, part goat, all powerful. You’re fortunate to not know of fauns.”
“You’re ‘all powerful’?” the nymph asked before swallowing fearfully.
“No,” he assured him. “I’m a mongrel: half-faun and half-man.”
“So you are a human!”
“Half-human, yes… but that’s not human enough for humans.”
“Why not?”
“They’re sort of like the Woodland creatures: my abilities scare them. Fauns are dangerous–they love to cause chaos with their powers. Let’s just say the horns don’t help prove my innocence given their association with fauns.”
Neem shifted back.
“Are you dangerous?”
“No. I can promise you that.”
The nymph nodded even though he was not reassured. Realising this, the foreigner quickly changed the topic: “May I ask what your name is?”
Should I tell him? The nymph thought. Will he send his faun friends here to kill me?
To break the silence that followed, the foreigner spoke first.
“My name is Dacen.”
He politely stuck out his hand to Neem—a gesture the nymph did not understand.
“Could you read my mind to find my name?” Neem asked. He wanted to know exactly how much power this supposed ‘mongrel’ had.
Dacen laughed.
“Probably not, but I wouldn’t anyways.”
“Why not?”
“Because it’s not right for me to know your name if you don’t want to tell it to me.”
Are you being so charming just to break down my defence, Neem thought sceptically.
“My name is Neem,” he finally muttered.
I better not regret this, he thought.
Dacen smiled, revealing his pearly white teeth… some of which looked rather sharp.
“What a lovely name.”
More dead air spread between the two. However, the nymph was beginning to feel more comfortable around the foreigner. Dacen did not appear to have malevolent intentions.
He's definitely better than a human…even if he is human,
“Dacen,” Neem said, trying to taste the name. He said it wrong–pronouncing the ‘e’ as ‘i’—but Dacen did not correct him. “Why are you travelling through the Woodlands in the first place?”
The foreigner tapped the strange thing in his hands.
“Months ago, a raven brought this book to me along with a letter. A warlock had learned of my existence… and my power. The letter read that he was looking for an apprentice, and that he'd be happy to take me under his wing.” Neem now imagined that this so-called ‘warlock’ had massive wings. “He lives somewhere beyond the Woodlands in what’s called the ‘Ivy Mountains’, so that is where I’m heading.”
“You’d leave your home and all your friends just because of some warlock guy?” Neem asked, utterly repulsed. He could never leave the Woodlands—why would anybody ever leave home?
Dacen laughed again, but this time there was sadness in his eyes.
“Well, I had no home or friends to leave behind in the first place,” he explained with a solemn manner. “You see, I’m a nomad.”
“A what?”
“A wanderer. Someone who never rests anywhere too long. Always travelling.”
“That sounds like a terrible life!”
The foreigner shrugged.
“Well, it’s my life. Hopefully I’ll have a much longer stay with the warlock.”
Another silence followed. Neem wanted to know so much but he was not sure where to start. He began simple.
“What’s that?” he said while gesturing to what was in Dacen’s lap.
The taller man looked down before making an ‘ah’ sound. He held the strange thing up.
“It’s a book.”
“What’s it do?”
“Well, it makes words last longer. It’s like having a conversation with someone else, even if they’re not with you or died in former times.”
Dacen turned the book around and opened it up so Neem could see. The nymph could not understand what all the strange, tiny symbols were, but the picture on one of the pages intrigued him. It appeared to be a drawing of a creature, with many horns, eating humans.
“What are the words in this book about?” Neem asked, slightly concerned.
“Spells, alchemy, things that will enhance my magical abilities.”
“Dark magic,” the nymph said more to himself than to the stranger.
“Misunderstood magic,” Dacen objected while still retaining a calm tone. “Magic that could be incredibly dangerous in the wrong hands.”
“Is it in good hands with you?”
“I hope so.”
That’s not very reassuring, Neem thought while furrowing his brow.
He crawled closer to the foreigner and rested his shoulder against the tree so that they could continue to look at the book together.
“What’s being talked about here?” he asked while pointing to the tiny symbols underneath a picture of a beast he had never seen before.
“The blood of a winged serpent,” he explained. “Very rare and hard to get, but invaluable.”
Neem’s stomach felt funny. The idea of using a creature’s blood for dark magic disturbed him.
“I don’t get how you understand all those tiny drawings,” he said while gesturing to the symbols on the page.
“That’s the written word. Here, let me show you.”
Neem flipped to the end of the book before pulling a feather and bottle filled with black liquid out of his pack.
“Neem, that’s your name,” he said while dipping the tip of the feather in the tiny vial. “N-E-E-M,” he enunciated while writing the coinciding letter in the book. “See? That’s your name. I’ve taken the word out of the air and put it in this book.”
Neem cocked his head from side to side as he examined the funny symbols that made up his name.
“Write your name,” he demanded.
The foreigner laughed and did as he was told.
“D-A-C-E-N… oh, blast,” he grumbled when an ink drop splattered on his breeches. Yes, they were black as well, but the stain would still be noticeable to those who looked closely.
Neem’s eyes darted between the two names.
“Wait, those symbols are the same!” he squeaked while gesturing to the E’s in their names.
“Yes. That’s ‘E’.”
“But shouldn’t each name be unique? We can’t share symbols.”
“Names are unique, but it’s not the letters that make them that way—it’s the way the letters are arranged to represent sounds. If I turned the letters in your name around we’d have ‘Meen’. M-E-E-N. It’s the exact same letters that are in your name, but the arrangement makes it a different name.”
“That’s stupid,” Neem said, followed by huffing.
Dacen chuckled again. He found Neem’s bluntness amusing.
They continued to talk for the next hour. The nymph no longer felt uncomfortable around the foreigner. He did not seem threatening. In fact, he was quite friendly. More importantly, though, he was interesting. He had seen many things beyond the Woodlands.
“How can there be so many places?” Neem asked with a sigh after Dacen explained how many other forests he had ventured through.
“Efenta is very large,” the foreigner agreed.
“What’s that? Another place?”
“Efenta is this world. It encompasses all other places.”
The nymph stared at him for a few seconds before flopping down and staring up at the stars through the trees.
“You’ve made my head hurt. Stop telling me crazy things.”
Dacen followed his lead and laid on his back next to him.
“Hey, you asked.”
Silence followed.
“Does hearing about all these places make you want to leave the Woodlands and explore?” the foreigner asked curiously.
Neem furiously shook his head.
“No, there’s too much.”
“And there’s even more that I haven’t explored—imagine that.”
“Hush!” the nymph snapped. He wanted to sound threatening, but he could see that Dacen was suppressing a laugh.
“Well, I –” 
“Hush!” he repeated, but this time it was for a different reason; he had heard rustling in the bushes.
“Stay put,” he warned Dacen as he rose to a crouch and crept in the direction of the sound.
To his surprise, he found Fee sitting high up in a tree.
“What are you doing here?” he whispered as he climbed the tree to meet her.
She met him halfway down the trunk. Her expression suggested she was concerned.
“You were gone quite a while. I thought maybe the alien had killed you or something.”
Neem snorted, but he was also honoured that Fee cared enough for his safety that she would come and check on him.
“I’m fine, don’t worry.”
“He did not try to hurt you?”
“Certainly not,” he quickly objected.
“Do you think he will try to?”
Neem’s mouth twitched—he was not sure how to answer that, yet.
“I haven’t known him very long. He’s acting very friendly, but he could be faking it. I’ve seen the pictures in his ‘book.’ They are pictures of blood and pain.”
“So when our backs are turned he could burn down the whole Woodlands,” Fee added.
“Which means, yes. He’s still a potential threat.”
“Then what are you going to do?”
Neem thought for a few seconds.
“I’m going to be his escort to the edge of the Woodlands… to make sure he doesn’t do anything evil.”
Fee did not like that idea: “You want to be near this threat?”
“Yes, because I don’t want him being near anyone else and hurting them.”
“This sounds very dangerous.”
“Then I hope that he remains permanently friendly.”
“I don’t want you to do this, Neem.”
“I know, but it’s for the best.”
They both climbed down from the tree.
“He acts friendly,” Neem muttered once they were both on the ground, “but when I saw him tonight he had a flame in his hand.”
“Was he burning a stick?”
“No. He had conjured fire with his dark magic.”
Fee’s ears perked up upon hearing this.
“And that’s why I have to escort him through the forest: to make sure he doesn’t do things like that.”
The female nymph hugged him.
“Please be careful.”
“The Goddess will protect me.”
Fee nodded, although there was doubt in her eyes.
“Get back to the other nymphs and tell them I’ll be back two weeks or so.”
“Two weeks? That’s a very long time.”
“I’m going to the edge of the forest and back. That’s about a week each way.”
With one last hug, she was gone.
Neem re-joined Dacen shortly after his friend’s departure.
“What was the noise?” the foreigner asked while continuing to stare at the stars.
“Just a curious creature,” Neem stated simply.
He lay down a safe distance from Dacen. The leaves underneath him were not as comfortable as grass or moss, but that did not bother him.
“Rest now, we’re going to be nonstop walking tomorrow,” the nymph said as he rolled over to face the foreigner.
Dacen raised an eyebrow.
“We?”
“Yes. I’m escorting you to the edge of the Woodlands so I can ensure you don’t cause any havoc.”
The man laughed. Obviously he had not been expecting that answer.
“All right, then,” he said with an amused smile. “Sleep well, Neem.”
Neem said nothing more. He was exhausted seeing as his usual bedtime was hours ago.

Three
Neem awoke as droplets of water began to speckle his body. It was spring so morning showers were expected. He was usually quite sheltered from storms when he was deep within the Woodlands, but the foliage began to dissipate near the Nacta River so he lay exposed.
He was surprised when a heavy garment was draped over his small frame. The material was nice and warm, but more importantly, it protected him from the rain.
The little nymph lifted the edge of the garment slightly so he could see what Dacen was doing. The foreigner sat back down, his cloak now absent, and took a bite out of one of the pears Neem had given him.
“You’ll get wet,” Neem mumbled.
Dacen looked at him.
“I thought you were asleep. Didn’t want the rain to wake you.”
Neem sat up, allowing the cloak to slide down his body.
“Did the rain wake you?”
Dacen shook his head.
“I’ve been up for an hour or so.”
The nymph squinted one of his eyes suspiciously.
Just been watching me sleep and planning my death, have you?
Neem did not actually say this. The last thing he wanted was to antagonise the strange man.
“Can’t you just make the rain stop with your dark magic powers?” he asked in a joking manner.
Dacen wore a smug smile as he cocked an eyebrow.
“Do you want me to use my powers to stop the rain?”
“No. The Goddess wouldn’t like that. Rain is good.”
The horned man nodded. He knew very little about the Nature Goddess and questioned if she was a mythical deity or actually real, yet that was not something he was about to bring up with Neem.
The nymph threw the cloak in Dacen’s direction, but it was so heavy that it landed halfway between them.
“We should get moving,” he then stated. “I want you to reach the end of the Woodlands within a week.”
“Understood,” Dacen replied as he reached for his cloak. “Are you sure you’ll be all right walking out in the rain? Perhaps we should move a little deeper into the forest so that our journey is more sheltered.”
“No. The rain is fine.”
The foreigner was not convinced. Already the water had darkened Neem’s hair. Dacen assumed his kind were slightly more adapted to the cold atmosphere seeing as the nymph had not even developed goose bumps. Still, being wet and cold was not very fun for anyone, regardless of species.
* * *
The rain continued to fall as the pair trudged on. Again Dacen offered the little nymph his cloak, but Neem refused. For all he knew the cloak had an evil charm on it.
“So now you know that I am part man and part faun,” Dacen finally said. They had been walking in silence and he wanted to pierce the dead air with his words, “however, you haven’t told me what you are. You are perhaps some sort of elf?”
Neem stopped hopping across the rocks on the bank and gave the foreigner a confused look. He had no idea what an elf was, but he certainly did not like being confused with one.
“I’m a nymph: one of the two breeds of forest spirits designed by the Nature Goddess.”
“A nymph, you say? Funny. The other nymphs I’ve seen are quite different.”
“What ‘other nymphs’?”
“Ones from other places. The nymphs from the far west are shorter, dark skinned, and have sharp teeth like wolves.”
“Whoever they are, they are not nymphs. The Goddess designed only one type of nymph and they’re only here in the Woodlands!” Neem boldly stated while crossing his arms.
Dacen laughed, irritating Neem more due to the patronising manner. Dacen was young as his looks told. He would not be patronised by someone younger than him.
“And why can’t the Goddess design more types of nymphs to watch over all the major forests of Efenta? Surely the Nature Goddess desires to maintain more than just one forest,” the foreigner queried.
Neem opened his mouth and raised his finger as if he was going to object, but he could not think of a just argument with which to combat Dacen
“The Woodlands is special,” he replied in a childish manner.
“Perhaps your supposed Goddess loves all her forests equally.”
Neem glared at him.
“What do you mean by ‘supposed’? Do you doubt her existence?”
“Look, I’m not saying your beliefs are wrong nor that the Goddess isn’t real, I’m simply saying that I personally don’t believe in your deity.”
“That’s not okay,” Neem squeaked. Nobody in the Woodlands had ever questioned the Nature Goddess’ existence. “I pray the Goddess has heard you and strikes you down!”
Dacen looked up at the sky before letting out an agitating laugh.
“I suppose there is a chance of lightning,”
Neem continued his death glare.
“Oh, I wish you could see the world I've seen,” Dacen sighed.
“Why?”
“Because what lies beyond your sanctuary is a cold, cruel reality that will destroy your faith and make you wonder who’s really in charge of Efenta.”
“I think it would prove that the Goddess does truly only care about the Woodlands,” Neem stated smugly as he strode. Dacen’s walking pace was much quicker than his own.
“And what kind of deity pampers a few while letting an endless amount of others suffer? How heartless must one be to have no care about who lives and who dies beyond their domain?”
“Why should foreigners concern her? Her duty is to her children in the Woodlands and no one else.”
“And that is why she can never be a Goddess of mine,” Dacen stated coldly.
He doubts the Goddess, Neem thought. I knew I was right to be his escort. He could try to taint the minds of other creatures with his faithless beliefs.
“I was raised by nox elves in a forest very similar to this one,” the foreigner stated, his tone still grim. “It was burned to the ground.”
“By whom?” Neem asked. He couldn’t imagine anything acting so cruel.
“Humans.”
“But why?”
“Because of me–the horned demon that the nox elves were harbouring.”
What if the humans come to burn down the Woodlands because of you? Neem thought fearfully.
“You have nothing to fear,” Dacen said, reading the boy’s mind. “No other foreigners are aware of my presence in the Woodlands. I made sure of that.”
“How?”
“By travelling off the beaten path and avoiding villages,” he stated simply. “The warlock made it very clear that I couldn’t be followed or it could lead to his exposure as well.”
Neem thought for a second.
“Do you know anything about this warlock fellow? Do you even know his name?”
Dacen shook his head.
“A very secretive man. He couldn’t risk his information finding its way into the hands of an enemy, say, if I were killed and the letter and book stolen.”
“Then how can you be sure he’s not evil or, let alone, even real?” Neem asked. If Dacen did not even believe in the Goddess then how could he be sure that anything was real?
“Faith,” he replied simply. “Utterly blind faith.” 
“Why? Why travel so far and have faith in this mystery warlock?”
“You guard the forest, the river provides the creatures with water and a place to bathe, some of these trees offer fruit while others offer a place for birds to build their nests. All have a purpose and that’s exactly what I desire—a purpose. The warlock may be able to give me a purpose by taking me under his wing. I can absorb all his knowledge and carry on his legacy when the next wayward being with dark magic abilities comes along.”
“And what will you do if he doesn’t give you a purpose?”
Dacen chuckled again. Neem began to realise this laughing was the foreigner’s response to feeling uncomfortable rather than amused.
“I have no idea. I haven’t planned for that.”
“Then, for your sake, I hope this warlock is real.”
“Thank you.”
For the following hours, the pair walked in silence. Getting too in-depth would challenge their different philosophies and only cause more arguments. They only spoke again when they stopped to drink from the river.
“What are nox elves?” Neem asked.  Dacen had mentioned being raised by them—yet he was not an elf himself.
“Nocturnal beings of the Dark Forest, but now they reside elsewhere,” he stated simply. “Their skin is a dark blue like the night sky, while their eyes are shining stars. Truly a beautiful race.”
“Why did you live with them?” the nymph asked before lapping up more water. He drank like an animal, while Dacen used a small bowl-like device to retrieve water.
“Well, they found me when I was a baby.”
“Where did your parents go?”
The horned man laughed.
“I’ve made some strong assumptions about who my parents were and what happened. I’m not sure you’d like to hear my hypothesis about them, though.”
“Oh, but I would.”
Dacen ran a hand through his hair. He stopped when a horn bumped his fingers.
“I believe my human mother was raped by a faun.”
Neem started coughing. The water had gone down the wrong pipe upon hearing Dacen’s explanation.
“I’m aware that’s a bold assumption, but there has never been a happy union between human and faun, and I doubt my parents were the one exception. Anyhow, it makes sense that my mother would want to get rid of the unwanted abomination she created with said faun, so she left me alone in the forest before the elves discovered me.”
“Did the elves not care that you were a mongrel?” the nymph, before biting his lips, he sounded a bit insensitive.
“They didn’t know that I was a mongrel when they discovered me,” Dacen said simply. “Only during adolescence, when my horns started to grow, did they realise.”
“Were they scared of you?”
“More or less scared of what I would become or how outsiders would react to me.” He stood up. “Shall we continue walking?”
Neem arise and trotted along beside him.
“There was a council meeting to decide my fate after a human saw me. In the end, they decided banishment was the best option for their own safety. However, news of my banishment didn’t reach the nearby human kingdom in time, and they set fire to the Dark Forest—I watched this all happen from a distance as I was already exiled.”
“That’s so awful,” Neem said sympathetically. “I don’t see why the humans reacted so poorly to your discovery. I mean, killing a bunch of elves over a horned child? That’s ridiculous.”
“My appearance is associated with something greater that they fear—a deity in their religion.”
“Eh?”
“There is a trinity of higher power in their religion. Bakadeus:  Father of Man and all those who stand on two feet, Lahirca: Mother of Animals, and Daemonis: their offspring. Daemonis takes traits from both his parents and appears to be half man and half goat. He is the Father of Fauns and all things that dwell in the darkness. Therefore, they naturally see me as evil and a threat to them based on my faun horns.”
 “I don’t like humans,” Neem simply stated. “I never have.”
Dacen, unsurprisingly, laughed.
“We’ve talked too much about me. Tell me about yourself, Neem. What is a day in the life of a nymph like?”
Neem had to think for a few seconds.
“I’m lazy,” he said while giggling. “I like taking naps and just relaxing. My life’s not interesting.”
“But it sounds wonderful. Many would be envious of your life.”
“Why? I don’t do anything too exciting.”
“It’s hard for people to have carefree and relaxed lifestyles beyond the Woodlands. Always feel fortunate.”
“Do you feel fortunate?”
“There’s always somebody worse off, so I suppose I do.”
There was a pause before Dacen laughed. He had to digest his own response.
“Tell me, do all beings in the Woodlands get along?” he asked in a surprise redirect.
“The Goddess ensures harmony most of the time. Foreigners are the main disturbers the peace.”
“Sorry,” Dacen said with an insincere smile.
“Not just you,” Neem assured him even though the foreigner did not actually have any remorse. “Wolves come into the Woodlands and try to steal creatures. Sometimes they also drain the life essence of the smaller beings. Jaiya, and the other dryads, can generally scare them off, but they can cause a lot of damage.”
“What kinds of wolves are these?”
“They’re the size of a centaur and have red eyes, but what’s really scary is their long fangs that can chomp through anything.”
“Blood wolves,” Dacen said. His mind seemed to be elsewhere. “Very dangerous.”
“Blood wolves?” Neem asked.
“Doesn’t matter,” he said while waving away the question. The fact his face had become slightly paler suggested that was a lie. “Let us hope we don’t encounter any during our adventure.”
“Agreed.”
“On an unrelated note: have you ever seen any beings with pale blue skin, black hair, red eyes, and fangs pass through the Woodlands?”
Neem had to think for a moment.
“No, why?”
Again, Dacen waved away the question.
“Just trying to get a sense of what creatures lay beyond the Woodlands.”
The foreigner ignored Neem’s sceptical glare.
You’re not telling me something, the nymph thought.

Four
It continued raining for the rest of the day and even worsened by nightfall. By the end of the day, even a weather-resilient nymph like Neem was beginning to feel cold. He wrapped his arms around himself in a futile attempt to keep warm.
“Perhaps we should stop for the night,” Dacen suggested when he saw that his escort was cold.
“Okay,” the nymph agreed. He was quite exhausted from walking all day.
Neem watched, curious, as the foreigner picked up the branch of a dead tree up off the ground and brought it over to some shrubbery further in the woods. He then planted the large stick in the ground and draped the hood of his cloak over it.
“What are you doing?” the nymph asked curiously.
“Making shelter,” he explained as he then attached the two corners of his cloak to the thorny shrubbery.
Crawling under his makeshift sail shelter, he patted the leafy spot next to him as gesture for Neem to join him. The nymph reluctantly did so. Having to be so close to the foreigner still unnerved him.
“Now, are you positive that you don’t want me to conjure up a flame to warm ourselves?” Dacen asked.
Neem had to think. He did not like dark magic, he did not fully trust the foreigner, but he was cold.
“Maybe just a little flame,” he finally murmured.
Dacen clenched his fist, and when he relaxed it, there was a small flickering flame in his palm.
“Did the book teach you how to do that?” Neem asked as he put his hands up to the flame, but he had to quickly retract them when they got too hot.
“Taught myself,” the foreigner replied proudly.
“And what other dark magic spell have you taught yourself?” Neem asked in a judgmental manner. 
The two listened to the sound of droplets hitting leaves in silence as Dacen pondered.
“Simple things like hypnotising lesser creatures such as lizards or birds,” he stated simply. Neem gave him a cold glare. “I've learned some basic healing spells, but the warlock's book teaches alchemy and how to use ingredients as catalysts.”
“Like what?”
“Well, let’s say I have a terrible cut on my leg. I can try to heal it using just my abilities alone, but if I have the dew from a red-striped lily, then that will enhance my healing power’s effect. I know very little about potions and alchemy, so hopefully the warlock can teach me about that.”
“So you want to use your dark magic for good?” Neem asked. He found it hard to associate healing with dark magic. Healing abilities were something that came with pure magic.
“I suppose,” Dacen replied. “I want to be able to use my abilities for any need I have.”
“I have healing abilities and know a bit about making medicine and enhancing it with my magic,” Neem stated.
The foreigner gave him a very surprised look.
“You have magic abilities?”
Neem made a hand gesture that looked as if he was about to crush a seed between his thumb and pointer finger.
“Only a little bit,” he explained. “The Goddess had to give the forest spirits some so that we could care for the Woodlands.”
“Well, perhaps you could teach me,” Dacen said with a sweet smile.
Neem shook his head.
“My healing abilities are pure magic, not dark magic.”
“I see.”
“But I’ll try. I’d rather have you practicing pure magic than dark. I can teach you a bit when we start our adventure again tomorrow.”
“That sounds perfect.”
The two made eye contact and Neem saw something he had not seen in the foreigner’s eyes before. It was more than amusement and warmth. Affection? Not wanting to look too deep into it, the nymph lay down and rolled so that his back was to Dacen. Seeing this, the foreigner snuffed the flame in his palm and lay down as well. His cheeks went a little red when he realised his eyes may have said more than he wanted them to.
* * *
“You see, I cannot save those who are seriously injured by, say, a wolf attack, but I can dull the pain they’re feeling.”
Dacen watched as the little nymph crouched down next to tiny white flowers at the base of a tree. He picked a few and then stood back up.
“Hold onto these. They have anaesthetic properties,” he said while putting them in Dacen’s satchel without asking permission. “They can be used without magical enhancement, but they work better if they’re channelling pure magic.”
“I see,” the foreigner said simply. “Let’s hope we don’t need them for any reason.”
“Yes, but it’s always good to have anaesthetic on-hand.”
“True. Now, do the wolves usually come from the direction we are heading?” the foreigner asked, steering the conversation in a surprising direction.
Neem had to think for a moment. He usually was not aware that wolves had entered the forest until they started attacking creatures, but they seemed to all run in the same direction when the dryads finally scared them off.
“They do,” the nymph said. A hint of fear was present in his tone.
“You should know this now, then,” Dacen began in a very grave tone. “I pray that what lies beyond the Woodlands is just a wolf pack. However, there is a chance you border something very dangerous.”
“Like what? A human village?”
“No, worse. And if I’m right, which I hope I’m not, we may have to make haste before they sense me here.”
“What? What are we meant to be afraid of?”
“Vampires,” Dacen stated bluntly as he dug through his pack.
“I have no idea what a vampire even is.”
“A being with a thirst for blood and power. They tend to feast on magical beings to satisfy both their needs at once. A blood wolves generally tracks down these magical beings to feed their master. If they sense I’m here…then we’ll both be in danger.”
“Why?”
Dacen tapped his horns.
“Because I’m probably the most powerful being to ever walk through this forest. My power could satisfy a whole vampire kingdom for years.”
He finally pulled a strange little wooden piece from his satchel. To Neem, it looked like a small bust of a unicorn without a horn.
The foreigner's face suddenly took a somber tone rather than the fear that wore it moments earlier.
 “Perhaps it’s best that you return to your nymph friends rather than continue with me. I want to reach my destination as soon as possible, but the closer I get to the border, the stronger the chance is that they will sense me—if there is a vampire kingdom bordering the Woodlands, of course.”
The nymph had to think for a few moments. Dacen was right: it would be safer to just return to his part of the forest, yet a part of him wanted to see this through to the end. He had begun to build a fondness for the foreigner and wasn't quite ready to let go.
“I said I would escort you to the edge of the Woodlands and that’s exactly what I’ll do,” he said stoically.
Dacen laughed his usual, awkward laugh.
“Well, you may change your mind when you see how I intend to make haste.”
And with that, he threw the little wooden piece on the ground. Neem stepped back when black dust shot out of the tiny piece and began to form the shape of an animal. After a few seconds, the dust solidified to become a yellow-eyed mount.
“Did you just conjure an animal?” Neem asked, flabbergasted.
“A golem horse, yes,” Dacen replied as he stroked the dusty mane of the creature. He looked and saw the fear in the nymph’s eyes. “It’s all right, come stroke it. It won’t harm you.” 
“Is… is it alive?” Neem asked as he cautiously put his hand out to touch the horse.
It did not have the warmth of animal. It was more like touching a stone.
“No. It’s magic.”
“And why haven’t you been riding this thing the whole time?” the nymph asked in an annoyed manner.
“Keeping the golem horse animate is exhausting. It drains my power within a matter of hours, but in the meantime we should be able to make some great ground.”
Dacen leapt on the horse and adjusted himself before looking back down at Neem.
“Have you ever ridden a mount before?”
The little nymph shook his head. The idea of riding did not frighten him, he generally trusted all animals, but this horse was not an animal.
Seeing his hesitation, Dacen put on a warm smile and held out his hand to Neem. The nymph took it, and pulled himself up onto the golem horse.
“Oh!” Neem said as the creature started to walk. “I don’t like this one bit!”
“Then you’re going to hate this,” Dacen said in a mischievous manner.
He let out a pert laugh as he kicked the side of the horse with the heel of his boot, causing it to break into a gallop.
The nymph squealed again and closed his eyes as he wrapped his arms around Dacen, clinging on for dear life. The horned man laughed and kicked the horse again to increase speed.
After half an hour, Neem began to adjust to riding the beast. He was not enjoying it, but he did understand that they were making great time.
“If we ride like this every day, how long do you think—”
“Hmm?” Dacen looked back at the nymph. “Sorry, what did you say?”
Neem let out a huff before he repeated himself: “If we ride like this every day, how long do you think it’ll take to reach the border of the Woodlands?”
“Hopefully half the time it would usually take. So maybe the day after tomorrow?”
“Good,” Neem mumbled in an insincere manner. Deep down, a part of him wanted to prolong Dacen’s departure from the forest. He barely knew this man, but he wanted more time so that he could get to know him better.
“Have you ever reached the borders of the Woodlands?” Dacen called back.
Neem pointed across the Nacta River.
“I’ve reached the borders in that direction.”
“Oh yeah? What did you see?”
“Just… fields. Fields and mountains.”
“Why were you at the border in the first place?”
“Because I wanted to know if there was anything greater beyond the Woodlands.”
“So why did you stop at the edge of the forest rather than continue?”
“Fear,” Neem admitted. “Too many predators lie beyond the forest and I’m just one little nymph. Also, why would I ever leave? The forest has everything I could ever want.”
“Understood,” Dacen agreed even though he doubted the last part. “Well, if the warlock is real and the path to his home is safe, perhaps I should send a raven to invite you to come and visit me.”
“But that would require leaving the Woodlands. I can’t do that.”
“Oh, don’t say you can’t. A little adventure is always fun.”
“A little adventure is dangerous.”
“Well, a little danger is a bit thrilling. Why else would you be escorting a ‘dangerous foreigner’ through the Woodlands?”
“To make sure you don’t harm or taint any other creatures!” Neem squeaked in an annoyed manner. He did not like being accused of thrill-seeking.
“Uh huh, sure. That’s why.”
“It is!“
“Whatever you say.”
“You stop it with that sarcastic tone.”
Dacen laughed again.
“You know, you’re the only person I’ve felt this comfortable around in a long time,” Dacen stated before looking back to smile at his escort. “And, well, probably part of that is because most beings are too frightened by my horns to get anywhere near me, but not you. It’s a good thing you didn’t have any prior negative associations with fauns horns.”
“But I was frightened by you when we first met,” Neem said.
And I’m still a little scared.
“True. But you appear to have overcome that instinctive distrust of foreigners. If not, then how could you be riding on the back of a horned foreigner’s golem horse?”
“I wouldn’t say I fully trust you.”
“Oh, well, is there anything I can do to change that?”
“Not really.”
“A pity.”
“Dacen?” he asked in a fretful manner when he saw the horned man collapse next to him.
He felt something odd beneath his palm as he shifted closer to the foreigner. Much to his surprise, it was the little wooden horse figure. Unsure of what to do with it, he pushed it into Dacen’s pack before getting a proper look at the horned man.
Dacen lay motionless ith his eyes closed, gasping for air.
“Are you all right?” Neem asked.
“I’m… fine,” Dacen said in-between breaths. “My… my magic is spent for the day.”
“Then we should certainly rest,” Neem said while looking up at the sky. “Doesn’t look like it’ll rain, so you should get a good night’s sleep.”
Dacen nodded, but did not say anything as he still struggled for air. He was, however, quite surprised by Neem’s intrusiveness as he pulled the pack away from the exhausted man. The nymph rummaged through the bag before he made an “ah” sound and pulled out the bowl-like device.
“I’ll grab you some water,” he said cheerfully before scurrying over to the stream.
“Thank… you.”
“You were right about making haste,” the nymph explained as he plunged the bowl into the Nacta River. “I’ve never ventured to this part of the forest—and I’ve travelled quite a lot through the Woodlands—so we must be close to the border now.”
When the nymph turned around he nearly dropped the little bowl of water. Dacen was sitting up, but his face was as pale as a corpse, and red veins snaked towards his dark, empty eyes from all directions.
“Dacen?” Neem whimpered.
“I used too much magic,” he stated coldly in what sounded like dual voices. “I must rest in order to renew.”
And, without another word, he fell back down and went into a deep sleep.
“All right then,” Neem mumbled before pouring the water from the bowl back into the Nacta.
Dacen may have been utterly exhausted, but Neem was not. He opened the satchel again and pulled out a pear to eat as he watched the river flow. He glanced over at his companion a few times. The red veins around his eyes were still visible even though they had dulled.
He shouldn’t overuse his magic, he thought while wiping the pear juice from his lips with the back of his hand. He becomes weird when he’s spent.
After a couple of minutes of savouring the sight of the Nacta River, curiosity got the better of the nymph, and he opened Dacen’s pack yet again. He paused briefly when his hand found what he was looking for.
I shouldn’t be doing this, he thought as he pulled out the book. However, his morality did not stop him from opening the book to the first page. He wanted to get a good sense of exactly what type of magic Dacen had. Perhaps that would explain what consequences there would be when the man was tired or angry.
He carefully pinched the corner of each page as he turned them. If he ripped any any of them, then Dacen may figure out that he had gone through the book. It was not as if hybrid had forbidden the nymph from reading the book. No, he had even shown him a few of the pages himself. The problem was that Neem was snooping while his companion was asleep.
The book was terrifying. All the pictures were of strange animals, blood, and death. How could Dacen happily read such an detestable book?
How evil must the warlock be to possess books such as this? Neem thought.
It was actually because of the book that the nymph finally understood what a faun looked like. The image of a man with hooves, furry legs, and curled horns took up a whole page in the book. He appeared to be standing on a pile of bones while drinking red liquid out of a shiny, gold cup of some sort.
Perhaps this is what Dacen will become under the influence of the warlock. He looked down at this sleeping friend. Hopefully not.
Many of the other pictures were along the same, disturbing lines.
Jaiya was right about something unnatural entering the Woodlands, he thought as he continued to flick through the pages.
He eventually landed on the image of a humanoid creature. Its skin was blue, while its black hair reached its lower back. However, it was the fangs that stood out to the nymph.
It’s a vampire.
On the very next page, the creature appeared to be in pain, given that flames were licking its skin. One of its wrists was slit open, with dark blue liquid pouring from the wound. It was at this point that Neem finally closed the book and stuffed it back into Dacen’s pack. The more he read it, the more he distrusted Dacen.
He tried to fall asleep, but found that almost impossible due to all the disturbing images that remained prominent in his thoughts. In the end he did eventually drift off, but the illustrations from the book seeped into his dreams. He found himself being burned alive as his foreign friend sucked out his blood.
Neem did not want to be anywhere near Dacen if he started practicing rituals and spells from the cursed book.

Five
Dacen slowly opened his eyes and was quite surprised when an arrow, directed at his head, came into focus. The sky suggested that it was early morning, which was odd given the fact that he had no recollection of ever dismounting the golem horse.
“Oh,” was all he muttered when he realised it was a mighty centaur standing above him—and she did not look happy.
He glanced quickly to the side. His little nymph friend was still fast asleep, so he gave him a quick nudge.
“Eh?” Neem groaned before he saw the centaur. “Um… hello?”
“The water spirits warned me there was a foreigner in the Woodlands,” the centaur growled in a low voice. 
“Yes,” Neem agreed while cautiously standing up. The centaur did not point her arrow in his direction even though he was moving. She was much more focused on the horned man. “I am guiding him to the edge of the forest.”
“I assure you that I mean you no harm,” Dacen explained while trying to stand up. 
The centaur drew her arrow back, causing him to sit down again rather than risk being shot.
“Liar!” she hissed. “I should do the Goddess’ work by killing you now!”
“Hey!” Neem squeaked as he boldly grabbed her bow and forced her to lower it. “I am a nymph: a being especially designed to do the Goddess’ work. She has given me no foreboding omens about this foreigner and it is not our place to dispose of him without her permission.”
“Look at his human face,” the centaur thundered. “He must be evil!”
“He hasn’t harmed me or any other creature in the Woodlands. He is no threat to us.”
The centaur was not convinced.
“If the Goddess wanted him dead, he would’ve died long ago. If she disapproved of me being his escort, she would’ve given me a sign. It is not your place to kill him.”
Finally, the centaur willingly lowered her bow. Her dark eyes met with Neem’s.
“The blood of the Woodlands is on your hands should you be wrong,” she snarled before galloping off.
“Well, that’s one way to start the morning,” Dacen said with a chuckle as he stood up. 
His hands flailed around a bit as he tried to steady himself—he was still exhausted after the golem horse ride. Neem watched him with an uncertain look. After looking through the book last night he was no longer so sure that the centaur was in the wrong. Dacen still had the potential to become a threat if he practiced the dark magic in that vile book.
“I think we should walk today rather than ride the magic creature,” Neem muttered.
Dacen cocked an eyebrow.
“Why? The golem horse will shorten this whole ordeal, which is what the centaur and all the creatures in this forest want.”
 “Because you were exhausted last night,” Neem explained. “You were acting strange and I don’t like it when you’re not yourself.”
“Not myself?”
“Your voice changed, and blood rushed to your eyes.”
The horned man sneered.
“I don’t remember a single moment of last night.”
“I know. And do you really want to forget tonight as well?”
“If it speeds up the journey, then I’m willing to sacrifice a bit of my memory.”
The nymph still was not pleased. He did not want Dacen to be so willing to give up something in order to perform his magic. First his memory, then his spirit, until he eventually becomes the hollow shell of a man who is willing to use his power without question.
“I have a compromise. What if we walked for the first half of the day and then rode for the second half?” the foreigner proposed. “That way I’ll be less tired by tonight.”
“All right. That sounds fair.”
“Well, unless you want to walk all day to make my stay in the Woodlands longer.”
“No! We ride at noon.”
The horned man laughed while picking up his pack.
“I thought not,” he murmured under his breath.
“All right, we’ll ride your blasted golem horse. Just don’t wear yourself out this time,” Neem replied as he skipped along behind the horned man.
“I won’t,” he assured the nymph as he threw the little wooden piece down.
They rode for the first few minutes in silence. The illustrations in the book still remained present in Neem’s mind. He found it hard to think about anything else.
“I must be honest with you, Dacen,” he began formally.
The horned man looked back and saw his companion’s sorrowful expression. He raised both eyebrows in confusion.
“When you passed out last night I looked at all the pictures in your book again.”
“Oh,” Dacen replied in a way that suggested he knew where this conversation was going.
“I don’t think becoming the warlock’s apprentice is a good idea. He seems evil.”
“I understand your concern, but I must meet him for myself before I make judgement about if he is good or evil.”
“Have you not seen those pictures? They are cruel and terrifying!”
“You’d probably have better context for them if you could read, though,” Dacen said defensively. 
“So what is with that picture of the blue fellow burning and with a cut wrist?”
The horned man had to think for a moment.
“Perhaps that’s the one about stealing vampire blood.”
“Stealing their blood?”
“Because of all the magical beings they feast on they also have magical properties.”
“That’s horrific!”
“Really, I wish you would meet a vampire before you feel sorry for them.”
Even though Dacen would have preferred if his ‘wish’ never came true, it was about to
Neem’s sensitive ears detected something in the forested charging in their direction—a large beast, a creature large enough to send shockwaves through the trees and make them scream.
“Something is coming this way,” Neem said more to himself than to Dacen.
“Like a centaur?”
“No, something much bigger.”
“Blast!” Dacen hissed before kicking the golem horse to increase its speed.
Neem closed his eyes and let the voices of the trees enter his mind. He became a part of every tree in the surrounding area and could sense all that they could. He heard the snarling and heavy breathing of the beast as it stormed through the forest.
“It’s a wolf,” he said in a dreamy manner due to the fact his spirit had not fully returned to his body.
“I know,” Dacen growled while throwing the hood over his head to hide his horns. “Hold onto me. It’s about to get dangerous.”
The nymph complied and wrapped his arms tightly around his companion. The golem horse then broke into a thundering gallop. The trees and the river went by Neem’s eyes at such a pace that they just became a blur
“Dacen!” Neem squeaked. “A vampire is riding the beast!”
The horned man did not reply. He quickly glanced back to see for himself. When he saw the being drawing back its bow, he quickly veered towards the Nacta River. Neem was a little confused by this given that the river was too deep, even for their mount, but Dacen stuck his hand out and the water parted to reveal the muddy terrain below. The nymph was in utter shock as they crossed the land between the parted river. It was only when they reached the bank that the water resumed its natural flow—and the blood wolf and its rider were still stuck on the other side.
 “Brilliant!” Neem squeaked.
The blood wolf and golem horse were now riding parallel to each other on their designated sides of the river. The mysterious rider did not seem remotely shocked that Dacen was able to part the water. Instead, the rider was redrawing its arrow and pointing it across the river.
Suddenly the nymph let out a shrill scream when he felt an unfathomable pain in his side. Looking down, the arrow had pierced him just above the pelvis and silver blood was seeping from the wound.
Dacen looked back and saw the damage done to his little companion. The nymph was expecting him to wear a sympathetic expression upon seeing his injury. Instead, blackness swirled into his corneas, and his face went dark.
“That’s it,” he growled in a voice foreign to his body.
Neem was in so much pain that he barely noticed the horned man conjuring up a ball of flame and then throwing it across the river.
The blood wolf let out a yelp as flames consumed its body. The rider quickly leapt off as the beast hurdled itself into the Nacta River. At the same time, Dacen dissipated the golem horse and gently helped Neem to the ground.
The vampire walked to the edge of the river bank and removed his hood, revealing his blue face and long braided black hair.
“I see I’ve hunted down the wrong being,” he called from across the river. He sounded enthused, but the malicious element was present. “Clearly you’re not the type of being who would be taken down so easily. And who might you be?”
Dacen gave him no reply. Instead he looked down at his little nymph friend as he writhed in agony.
“And who are you to harm a forest spirit?” he called back while gesturing to Neem.
“Just a simple hunter,” he said with a sly smile.
It was at this point that the blood wolf returned from the river and shook the water out of its fur. It now bared a hairless red spot below its neck, where the fireball made contact. The hunter stroked the creature behind the ear in order to calm it.
“I had no intent of harming your… companion.”
“Yes, I’m aware that you were aiming for me.”
The vampire let out a laugh—much like Dacen’s awkward laugh, but more smug.
“I am Kroven. Tell me, you’re not from these lands. Where do you originate from?”
“That doesn’t concern you. I’m merely passing through and this nymph is my guide.”
“Ah,” the vampire said with a nod. He then climbed onto his mount. “Well, it was a true pleasure meeting you. Perhaps in the future it shall be under different circumstances.”
“I hope to never see you again,” Dacen said quite honestly. “And if I do… I’ll kill you like the blood-sucking scum you are.”
The vampire let out a laugh.
“Then perhaps I’ll avoid you,” he said in a sinister, dishonest tone.
A brief silence followed before the vampire rode off. As soon as he was out of sight, Dacen knelt down to tend to Neem.
“The f-flowers,” the nymph said in a shaky tone as he held the side that the arrow had pierced. 
“It doesn’t look like it went too deep,” the horned man replied as he rummaged through his bag in search of the flowers and a bandage. 
He eventually passed the flowers to Neem.
“Don’t use them just yet,” Dacen warned him. “First we have to remove the arrow.”
“Oh, that’s not going to be fun.”
“Not one bit,” Dacen agreed. 
Neem let out a shrill scream and balled his fists as Dacen took hold of the arrow—he had not even tried to dislodge it yet.
“Now…,” Neem panted. “Now I see why you don’t like vampires.”
Dacen laughed, but his chuckle was cut off when he heard Neem whimper again.
“Sorry,” he whispered. “This is going to hurt.”
It took a few minutes, but Dacen eventually removed the arrow. Unfortunately the removal of the arrow caused the silver blood to start gushing from the nymph’s body. Neem allowed Dacen to firmly press the flowers onto the wound before placing his own hand over the foreigner’s. He then began to hum a soothing psalm to heighten the flowers’ healing abilities.
“Okay,” he said after taking his time to steady his breathing. “I’m okay now.”
“Well, not okay,” Dacen debated as he unravelled a stained bandage.
 “It is clean, right?” he asked in a revolted manner while gesturing to the bandage.
“I washed it, don’t worry. Now remove the flowers an–”
“No. The flowers remain. They dull the pain.”
“All right. I just need you to sit up so I can wrap this around you.”
That was not an easy task. Pain shot like lightning through Neem as he tried to sit up properly. Seeing this, a sad expression spread across Dacen’s face to replace the angry one he had worn previously. He had not been angry at Neem, that was for sure, but rather at Kroven for harming the nymph.
“That’s good,” Dacen mumbled in a distracted manner as he wrapped the bandage around Neem’s lower stomach. “You’re doing great,” he said quickly when he saw the nymph flinch.
“Will he be back?” Neem asked in an anxious manner before gasping as Dacen tightened the bandage. “The vampire, that is.”
“Not to the Woodlands,” Dacen replied while still adjusting the bandage. “He’s going to go gather reinforcements and then hunt me down. Luckily, by that point, I will most definitely be out of the Woodlands, so you are unlikely to be in any more danger.”
“I’m thankful for that,” Neem said in not an entirely sincere manner since Dacen was still going to be in danger. “But what will you do when he comes for you with more hunters?”
“I’ll kill him and all of his little friends,” Dacen said in a disturbingly enthusiastic manner. He then looked down in thought for a moment before he made eye contact with Neem. “However, just to be safe, you should return to your part of the forest. I couldn’t bear it if you got hurt again because of me.”
“I didn’t get hurt because of you!” Neem objected. “The blasted vampire did this to me.”
“He did that to you because of me, though.”
“No matter, I want to finish what I started and get you to the edge of the forest. You don’t even think he’ll be back to the Woodlands so I have nothing to fear.”
Dacen smiled.
“I did say that you liked a little thrill on your adventure.”
Neem scowled, but in a playful way.
“Maybe a little bit of danger is okay.” He then groaned as he tried to stand up, clutching his injured side. “But a little bit of pain isn’t as much fun.”
“I think, given the circumstances, we should continue our adventure on horseback so that you can save your energy.”
Neem nodded. He knew he would not be able to make it far if they walked even if he did not admit it to Dacen.
* * *
Kroven rode like lightning out of the Woodlands. Blood wolves were one of the fastest mounts. They could certainly outrun any horse a man rode.
He and a few other hunters had set up a rendezvous just beyond the border in an abandoned shack. Hopefully the other three had returned from their scouting so he could tell them of the being he had discovered. 
The cries of a little being echoed through the valley, suggesting at least one of the hunters had returned. The blood wolf resting on the shack porch also implied this conclusion. As Kroven neared the shack, he saw a female vampire feasting on a pixie through the open door. The little creature battered its fists into her chest in an attempt to make her stop but to no avail.
“Strakha,” Kroven said calmly as he dismounted his blood wolf.
“I see you were unsuccessful,” the vampiress stated while dabbing her mouth with a handkerchief. Her meal had stopped screaming and now lay limp in her lap.
“Not quite,” Kroven retorted as he sat on the old chair across from her. “Where are the others?”
“Have not yet returned,” she replied in a simple manner before holding up the pixie carcass. “Thirsty?”
Kroven shook his head and waved away the question.
“I had a fairy a day ago,” he explained. “But we must wait for the other’s to return, and then we shall get on our way.”
Strakha cocked a well-groomed eyebrow.
“Why?” she queried.
“I believe I found what the blood wolves sensed. It’s a being with the shape of a man, but he’s not a human. No, far too powerful to be one of those pitiful things.”
“Then what is he?”
“Perhaps some sort of wizard… or maybe a warlock. His demonstration of power which I saw suggested he weilds dark magic and is quite powerful.”
The vampiress gave a smile of interest.
“Was his demonstration of power the reason you were unable to capture him?”
“Yes. He burned Volkaby and created a dry path for himself to cross the river. I let him go because he is going to cross the border soon and we’ll be able to catch him then. It will take more than one of us to bring him back alive.”
“Is he going to be your gift to the King and his Queen?” she asked as she pulled her knife out of its sheath to inspect it.
“Our gift to the highnesses, I assure you.”
The vampiress picked up the pixie corpse and waltzed towards the archway. Her mount leapt up to catch the carcass as she threw it. Kroven’s own blood wolf started to snarl and tried to snatch the pixie’s body.  Strakha returned to her seat before she could see how the blood wolf tiff was resolved. She assumed the little corpse would be torn to shreds within a couple of minutes.
“If he’s some sort of warlock then it’s to be expected that he is heading to the Ivy Mountains and if that is the case… our window of opportunity is very small.”
“I’m aware of that,” Kroven replied in a disheartened manner. “Which is why the others need to return as soon as possible. We have a better chance of apprehending him if we work as a group.”
Strakha walked back to the doorway. The blood wolves were gnawing on their respective pieces of the pixie carcass.
“Sila!” the vampiress barked in a commanding tone. Her blood wolf raised its head. “Find Voinil and Shokhota then bring them back here.”
The beast stood up, reluctantly dropping its meal, and dashed off into the night.
“We should see them by dawn,” Strakha told Kroven.
“Excellent. Until then, though…” the vampire began with a cunning smile. He allowed his words to drift off as he knew Strakha had already caught on to where he was going.
She glanced back at him with an equally sly smile and began to untie her vest. Kroven licked his lips when she removed her red blouse and turned to face him. Gradually, she drifted back in his direction.
“Is this what you desire?” she asked in a teasing manner while gesturing to her chest.
“Very much so,” he replied greedily as he stood up and strode towards her.
She pushed him back firmly. The cot groaned as the vampire fell back onto it. His lover joined him and interlocked her fingers with his.
“This warlock better be all-powerful or we’ll be wasting too much effort trying to capture him,” the vampiress warned him.
Kroven was too distracted to answer. He was enjoying nibbling on her neck until she pushed herself upwards with her arms. He tried to follow her, but his neck strained and his head landed back on the thin mattress.
“I truly believe he is,” he finally said. “You can have my head if he’s a farce.”
She lowered herself again, allowing their noses to touch. Kroven tried to nip at her, but she quickly shot back up. He let out a frustrated sigh.
“What do you think will be our reward for bringing the highnesses a warlock?” she asked. The vampiress did not actually care for an answer; she simply enjoyed teasing her lover.
“Oh, I don’t know!” he growled.
Strakha laughed at his agitation before he took hold of her shoulders and rolled them so that he was now on top. She hissed in a playful manner as he began to bite at her neck again.
“I want a promotion,” she murmured to demonstrate that she was not invested in their intimacy.
“Don’t we all,” Kroven replied in a breathless manner due to his excitement.
“You act as if it’s been years since you’ve gotten the opportunity to touch a vampiress.”
“It feels like it has been years.”
She stroked her fingers through his hair in the same manner she would a blood wolf.
“You poor, poor deprived little creature.”
Kroven let out a laugh before trailing down to her chest. Strakha could be so cruel, but that was part of why he loved her.

Six
Neem was a little glum as his adventure with Dacen reached its conclusion. The pair was now at the end of the Woodlands and beyond the dwindling trees was an open valley with mountains off in the distance. The Nacta River curved and flowed in a different direction to where Dacen was now travelling. Truly it was the end.
“Well, Neem,” the horned man began. “You’ve been the most amazing companion. And even though our time was brief, I will always cherish it.”
The nymph blushed. He loved getting such unabashed compliments.
“My warning still stands, Dacen,” he said on a darker note. “Do not trust the warlock.”
The foreigner’s face clouded.
“But I must.”
“Why? Why must you trust a man who owns a book filled with such cruel images?”
“Because if I don’t, then I have no purpose and nowhere else to go. I don’t want to spend my whole life drifting. If there is even the smallest chance that this warlock is well-natured and willing to take me in then I will not pass up this opportunity.”
The nymph’s brow furrowed, but he dared not say any more. The last thing he wanted was to end on a sour note with the foreigner.
“I don’t know how to thank you,” Dacen said with a smile, lightening the mood instantly.
“For what?” Neem asked, a little confused.
“Everything.”
The nymph giggled for the same reason Dacen always laughed.
“I mean it,” the foreigner said, also laughing slightly. “It’s rare to come across beings as kind as you, and even rarer for an outcast like me, but you’ve allowed me to feel… normal around you. And I’m… I’m thankful for that and…” Dacen’s words wafted off when the nymph took a step closer to him with a coy expression.
The foreigner choked on air—outright shocked—as Neem went onto the tip of his toes and reached up to grab his horns. Dacen allowed his head and neck to move leniently as the nymph pulled him down into a kiss. It was not a perfect display of affection. The horned man was awkward and stiff, having never kissed another being before. Neem, who participated in the free loving nature of the Woodlands, caught onto the horned man’s uncertainty and guided him through the movements.
“Well,” was all Dacen could say once their lips parted and Neem released his horns. “I… err.”
“You need practice,” Neem said in a joking manner, yet Dacen’s face drained of all colour.
The horned man shook his head from side to side to bring himself back into reality.
“Why did you do that?” he asked abruptly.
“Because you are my friend,” Neem replied simply. “You gave me a gift.” He gestured to the shell hanging from his neck. “I thought I’d give you one as well: a kiss.”
Dacen let out a quick burst of laughter before sighing and running a hand over a scalp.
“That was… strange.”
“Well, it was only a little kiss.”
“It was very strange.”
Neem was disconcerted by Dacen’s pallid expression. Had he misjudged? Were they not friends? Neem kissed all his friends. He usually did more lurid things that that.
Luckily, the faun’s smile returned. His mind was ticking away behind his eyes, but he was no longer stunned.
 “I must say, it has suddenly become very hard to depart,” he admitted, followed by a laugh.
“You can always come back to the Woodlands, Dacen,” the nymph said in an almost solemn manner as he realised that he probably would not see his friend again. “The Goddess seems to have no issue with your presence here, and I certainly don’t.”
The foreigner opened his mouth to speak, but he quickly closed it again and reconsidered his words. Before he could speak again, the nymph took his hand and placed a little, beaded string bracelet in it.
“What?”  Dacen held up the piece of jewellery to admire it. “When did you make this?”
Neem shrugged.
“Last night, when you were sleeping.”
The horned man chuckled before Neem took the bracelet out of his palm. Dacen’s confusion about the movement quickly subsided when he saw that the nymph was merely tying it around his wrist rather than stealing it back.
“I will never be able to repay you for all the kindness, pears, and this bracelet. If I ever get the chance to come back, I will. And I will do my very best to reimburse you for such gifts.” His eyes suddenly became as hard as stone as he looked down into the valley. “But I must make haste. The vampires will soon come for me.”
Neem’s eyes widened. He had completely forgotten about Kroven and his mount up until that moment.
“Then I shan’t distract you any longer!” he squeaked before wrapping his arms around the taller man one last time.
Dacen said nothing, he only stroked Neem’s head and ran his fingers through his silky hair.
As the foreigner mounted his golem horse, the nymph swore he saw unshed tears in Dacen’s eyes. He was too naïve to know it, but the horned man had never encountered anyone who had been as kind to him as the nymph—and he feared he never would again.
“Be safe!” Neem called out as his friend began to ride off. 
Looking back once more, Dacen gave a brief wave and then he dipped into the valley and could no longer be seen.
An emptiness filled Neem now that he could no longer see his friend. Rather than linger, he turned around and walked back into the Woodlands. The longer he waited, the more he would yearn to chase after the horned man.
Dacen rode swiftly through the valley. It was not safe to be out in the open when vampires were hunting him down. Although he had not seen a blue-faced bastard yet, he knew that they would soon appear. They surely already sensed that he was out of the Woodlands.
It’s a two week journey to the Ivy Mountains from here by foot, so by horse it should only be a week or so. Still, that’s one week too long that the vampires have the chance to capture me. Little rest and plenty of riding is the only way to outrun the hunters.
Dacen shuddered at the idea. The magic needed to maintain a golem horse was immense for someone who was not well-trained in the art of dark magic. He would need quite a large amount of rest in order to ride the golem hours all day for a week.
Blast. Perhaps I should’ve bought a real horse.
The horned man looked up at the mountains on each side of him as he galloped through the low valley. He could not place where the vampire kingdom would be in relation to him. Certainly it could not be so close to the Woodlands that it was just over one of the mountains. If that were the case, then Neem would have undoubtedly seen at least one vampire in his lifetime. No, this kingdom had to be far enough away that the hunters did not frequent the forest. They would send just their blood wolves on longer-distance hunts so it made sense that Neem had only ever seen the beasts. It was only on this rare occasion that the vampires went with their mounts in search of food, and it was assuredly because they sensed Dacen.
Hopefully their kingdom is in some other direction than I am heading, the horned man thought. He knew it would not matter. He was still at risk of being hunted by the blood-suckers even if he avoided their kingdom entirely. No, the hunters were already on his trail, and they would not stop chasing him.
He thought of the book in his pack. Dacen was more powerful than any vampire. He had the ability to kill them if he wanted to, and he had tried to convey that to Kroven when he hit the blood wolf with a ball of fire. A good spell from that book could annihilate Kroven and all of his companions.
No, the horned man shook his head to get the idea out of his head. Killing is not the first option. I cannot be a monster like them.
The golem horse slowed down to a trot as Dacen went through his pack in search of the book he had received from the warlock. While doing so, he inadvertently glanced at the bracelet his nymph friend had given him. He quickly pulled his eyes away from the accessory as it made his heart ache.
I will throw them off my trail instead, he thought when he found the spell he was looking for.
He soon found the simple cloaking spell that would mask his scent. It would probably fail to fool the vampires for very long, but any extra time he could buy was necessary.
There, he thought after he recited the spell. Green dust fell over him and his steed before dissipating. Now I smell like a not-so-magical wyvern. That should keep them away for a few days.
Once the book was back in his pack, he kicked the side of his horse to force it into a gallop again. He needed to be far ahead of the vampires before they realised that he was trying to disguise his scent.

Seven
“He can’t have just vanished!” Voinil hissed.
His mount hopelessly sniffed the ground while stalking in a circle. 
“He’s a warlock!” Shokhota rebutted. “He can practically do whatever he wants.”
“If that’s the case, then why didn’t he just magically appear at the Ivy Mountains?”
Kroven glanced at Strakha. She indifferently watched the other members of the company argue. The trail to the magical being had gone cold a few days ago and none of them were sure why. Almost as soon as this warlock had left the Woodlands he had vanished.
“We can assume he’s heading for the Ivy Mountains.” Kroven announced. “We wait at the end of the valley for him where the Ivy Mountains lie. We may not be able to track him down as he travels, but we can certainly beat him there and prepare for his arrival.”
Voinil and Shokhota gave each other uncertain looks.
“That could be risky,” Voinil stated. “Hunting an untraceable being is quite difficult, and trying to cut him off when we’re not entirely positive that we know his destination is even harder.”
“But if we get this right,” Kroven began, “the payoff will be inestimable. Bringing the highnesses a warlock? What praise we shall receive.”
“'We may not even need to be hunters any more. We could be among the elite who have their meals brought to them,” the vampiress pondered aloud, closing her eyes to put herself in such a wonderful fantasy.
“There may be praise, but what about reward?” Shokhota asked. “Could I gain more by feasting on the warlock myself?”
“You will do no such thing,” Strakha warned him while stroking her bow. “Honour and respect is more important than blood, more important than power. To have the respect of the highnesses would be reward enough. Surely your mother, being the noblewoman that she is, deserves sons of an equal title? ‘Hunter’ fails in comparison to ‘nobleman’, doesn’t it?”
The brothers exchanged a glance. It was unlikely that one warlock could turn them into nobles, but it would set them on the path to becoming noblemen if they were in good spirits with the highnesses.
“I suppose we have more to gain than to lose,” Voinil stated.
“Except possibly our lives,” his brother murmured.
“Well, perhaps you two can return to Primye Dinastoro empty-handed while Kroven and I continue this hunt.”
“No!” both brothers objected.
Strakha laughed. Voinil and Shokhota were so predictable, just like many other vampire men. Her face then changed from amused to stern again.
“Then stop whining like newborns and we’ll get on our way.”
Without another word, the vampiress rode off through the valley. She did not look back to see if her companions were following—she did not care. Her lover laughed and followed suit. The brothers, embarrassed, also trailed along behind rather than question the hunt.
* * *
Dacen’s heart started to beat rapidly as the four mountains came into view at the end of the valley. Three lush limestone mountains stood below the one alp that cast a long shadow over the valley. He was not completely sure where the warlock’s home was in the Ivy Mountains, but he would not stop searching until his knees shattered and his feet bled.
Yet no sign of the hunters, the horned man thought. I’m surprised they didn’t catch up to me at some point. Perhaps they gave up… No. They’d never do that.
Realising this, Dacen stopped with his leisurely pace and got his golem horse to gallop. He needed to be as quick as possible because he would slow down immensely when he had to climb the mountain on foot. The horse would not be able to make it up the steep mountain—but the blood wolves could.
A sudden thought struck him: Neem would have just made it back to his part of the Woodlands. It had been a week, after all.
Dacen sighed. The little nymph managed to keep sneaking back into his thoughts every few minutes, and he could not understand why. It was true that Neem was the only being who had been kind to Dacen since his horns started to grow, but they had spent so little time together. How could one little creature impact him so much in such a miniscule amount of time?
He was thrown back into the present when his golem horse whinnied—alerting him of danger. Looking ahead, two beasts and their riders appeared from the foliage covering the bottom of the closest mountain to the side. Looking back brought the same results. Dacen was surrounded.
I will not be taken down when I’m this close, Dacen promised himself as he kicked his horse in order to speed it up.
“Horns.” Strakha gasped. “He has horns.”
He’s a faun! Kroven realised, although he did not need to say anything. Everyone else had already caught onto the fact. He and his lover were behind the horned man while the brothers blocked his path to the mountains. Although they were too far away to properly see, Kroven sensed that Voinil and Shokhota were likewise instilled with fear upon realising that they were dealing with a faun. Strakha, on the other hand, only became more excited about upon this revelation.
“Imagine the reward for bringing the King and his Queen a faun,” she said in a low, sadistic voice.
The vampiress kicked her blood wolf into a dash in order to catch up to the horned man. Kroven followed behind her, drawing back his arrow. He had no intent of killing the man, but he needed to injure him.
Dacen quickly veered when he looked back and saw Kroven. The arrow missed him by a few hairs—the vampire was a good shot, but not good enough.
The horned man prepared a ball of fire in his hand as two of the hunters came at him from the front. Neither of them bared the confidence Kroven and the vampiress had. They had been thrown off by Dacen’s horns, and that gave him an advantage.
Voinil made a yelping sound as a ball of fire was thrown in his direction. He tried to move out of the way, but the ball of flame landed between his legs and started to consume his garments. In his distress, the vampire fell off his mount as he tried to pat down the flames that had started to sear his flesh. His mount, however, continued the hunt as it knew so well to do. The riderless beast turned around and ran alongside the golem horse. Dacen brought his horse to a staggering halt as the blood wolf tried get a hold on his leg with its teeth. The blood wolf continued to run until it realised that the golem horse had stopped. In the beast’s brief moment of recollection, Dacen flew past it on his mount and towards the Ivy Mountains.
I can’t outrun them, he tought while looking back and seeing three blood wolves, two with riders, catching up to him. It was at this moment that Shokhota came in from the side, ramming the golem horse with his blood wolf. Dacen fell as the horse turned back into dust and eventually dissipated entirely. Its little wooden piece fell somewhere in the long grass of the valley.
The horned man was not worried about the disappearance of his ride at the moment. He was staring into the eyes of a blood wolf as three more came for him. He was about to form another fireball in his hand when an agonising pain shot through his shoulder. Kroven had relinquished an arrow from his bow.
Dacen stumbled forward before gaining his balance. Clasping at his injured shoulder, he sturggeled to cope with the pain. Much to his surprise, the four blood wolves did not pounce on him. They simply circled their prey like vultures. Ferocious teeth no matter where he turned.
“It’s best to surrender,” Kroven stated smugly, drawing back another arrow to reinforce his point.
It took a few moments for Dacen to catch his breath. The pain in his shoulder was so excruciating that it took a moment to process what the vampire had said.
“And return with you to become a blood slave?” he panted. “Let you blood-suckers feast on my life essence and power every day and night until I fully wither away? I think not.”
Kroven laughed and lowered his arrow. He then dismounted his blood wolf before casually strolling to the horned man. When he stopped, he was close enough that Dacen could smell the rancid creature’s breath. Feasting on the blood of creatures left a foul smell in his mouth. 
The vampire was taller than Dacen, forcing him to have to look up so that they could make eye contact. He was definitely more powerful, but the height difference still made him feel inferior.
“We’re not exactly giving you a choice,” the vampire murmured as he ran his hand up the arrow shaft sticking out of Dacen’s shoulder.
The horned man let out a grunt when Kroven suddenly ripped the arrow out of the back of his shoulder with unforgiving force. The vampire inspected the bloodied arrow tip before licking it. He savoured the taste and smiled manically once he’d finished.
“So you are a faun,” he hissed. He then looked down at Dacen’s feet and saw he was wearing boots. “Or, at the very least, a mongrel. No matter, the highnesses shall enjoy your services as a blood slave.”
Dacen quickly came to realise that he was becoming drowsier with every passing second. The arrow tip had likely been laced with some sort of drug, but it had to be a sedative that vampires were immune to given the fact that Kroven had happily licked the top of the same arrow. This had not been the case when he shot at Neem, so he must have learned that Dacen was not going to be easy to catch based on their last encounter.
His knees soon gave out and he stumbled into Kroven. The vampire caught him. His strength was enough to keep both of them up.
“No,” the horned man groaned dazedly when the vampire grabbed his wrist and found the bracelet Neem had made for him.
Of course, because he said ‘no’, Kroven ripped the bracelet off his wrist and inspected it before carelessly tossing it to his blood wolf. The creature, although knowing it was not food, caught the bracelet in its jaws and swallowed. Dacen expression changed from tired to angry as he tried to lash out at the vampire. He used no magic, he was no condition to do so, and the punch he threw was quite weak. The vampire caught his fist and proceeded to twist his arm, causing his body to stiffen in pain.
“And I always thought we had to fear fauns,” Kroven revelled, causing the other two hunters to laugh. He then pulled back his cloak to reveal the long dagger in its sheath that he had attached to his belt. “Now, will you come willingly or are you going to make this more difficult than it has to be?”
Dacen tried to answer, but the tranquiliser had taken full effect and he felt his legs give. The next thing he knew, Kroven, the blood wolves, and the two other hunters were staring down at him as he lay in the grass. It took the very last of his strength just to keep his eyes open.
“It looks like he’s going to come willingly,” Strakha noted. “I had no idea that fauns were such pitiful creatures.”
The sky swiftly became dark. All the clouds turned black as thunder rolled through the valley. Strakha and Shokhota had to try and ease their mounts as the ground shook beneath them, but Kroven’s blood wolf and the riderless one darted in the opposite direction of the Ivy Mountain.
Is the faun doing this? Kroven thought with great confusion as he looked down at Dacen. He is too weak to even stand!
There was no time to think about the matter any further. Shadows began to emerge from the Ivy Mountains, beasts of many different shapes and sizes. Some even appeared to be blood wolves—yet they were pitch black.
Phantom beasts, Kroven and Strakha both realised.
“Get the faun onto Sila and let’s move!” Shokhota barked when he saw that the shadowy creatures were coming for them.
The vampiress quickly leapt off her mount to help her lover pick up the now unconscious horned man and put him on her blood wolf. Kroven’s own blood wolf was back where Voinil and his mount were. The two blood wolves were barking and snarling as they watched the phantom creatures approach the rest of their company. Much to Kroven’s surprise, Voinil did not try to send the beasts back to aid the remainder of their group. No, he was hobbling towards his mount—he was going to run.
“Hold them off!” Strakha ordered of Shokhota.
Hesitantly, the vampire complied and drew his back his arrow as he rode his mount towards the beasts of the Ivy Mountains. Much to everyone’s dismay, the first arrow he relinquished passed straight through a phantom blood wolf and the creature continued to stroll forward in a stalking manner, unharmed.
“We were not prepared for this,” Strakha said in a panicked manner as she secured Dacen onto her mount before getting on herself. 
Kroven joined her. The mount was running out of space, but desperate times called for desperate measures.
That was made clear when a phantom, pigmy dragon ripped Shokhota’s head off before clamping onto his blood wolf’s neck, causing the beast to fall to the ground.
“Shokhota!” Kroven heard Voinil scream. It appeared the other brother had not fled the battle, but rather remained a fair distance away from it.
His own blood wolf, who had briefly abandoned him during the earthquake, began to run in Kroven’s direction after the beast regained its composure. It was too late, however, and a phantom blood wolf leapt at Strakha’s mount and tackled it to the ground. Kroven managed to leap off and roll away from the blood wolf fight, but Sila rolled onto her master, trapping Strakha. The unconscious Dacen, on the other hand, had fallen off when the phantom first tackled the mount and was laying a few feet away from the beast fight. There was no retrieving him. The hunt was over. The vampires were now more worried about making it out of the valley than catching Dacen.
Kroven mounted his blood wolf when it reached him. It appeared all except the phantom blood wolf had come to a halt. It had Sila lying on her back with her belly exposed in a submissive manner, yet she was still nipping at the phantom creature. Finally, the beast got tired of the minor annoyance and tore a chunk from the blood wolf’s neck.
The shadows had gotten what they wanted: Dacen, and they were now waiting for the vampires to leave. Kroven sensed the creatures were going to let him go—he was no threat to them now that they had the horned man. Strakha, on the other hand, was going to be made an example of to reaffirm that the phantoms of the Ivy Mountains were not a force to be trifled with.
Both lovers screamed as the phantom blood wolf bit into Strakha’s neck. The shadowy beast then looked up proudly from its two victims. It was far more powerful than any blood wolf, and it was certainly more powerful than a vampire.
Kroven continued to scream as he watched the vampiress perish. He was on the verge of shock, unable to comprehend what he was seeing. However, his blood wolf understood that they were still in peril and quickly bolted in the opposite direction, even without the commandment of its master. The phantoms knew the vampires were no longer a threat, but the one shadowy beast continued to press toward them at a restrained pace to ensure the vampires left.
Voinil rode slightly ahead of Kroven as the hunters dashed through the valley on their mounts. He still suffered from injuries around his legs and midsection, but adrenaline was running through his veins. He was far more worried about escaping the phantoms than his burn wounds.
It was a good hour before Kroven finally brought his mount to a halt. Voinil stopped as well, but chose not to strike up a conversation. He could see the tears streaming down the vampire’s face. He was feeling pain as well, due to the loss of his brother. However, he was still trying to process what had happened and could not grieve until he actually understood the situation.
Kroven’s blood wolf whimpered as its master fell to his knees and beat the ground, wailing like a banshee. The beast did not like seeing its master so distraught and did not know how to comfort him.
Voinil remained silent, staring up at the surrounding mountains as Kroven continued to lament on the ground. Expressing such emotion was a stigma in their society, even though it seemed to be unavoidable under circumstances comparable to this one.
After a few minutes, Kroven began to calm. His eyes were still swollen with unshed tears, but he stopped making sobbing noises. His mount took a seat and started to nuzzle him. The vampire grabbed the blood wolf’s face and pressed it against his own in a loving manner.
“We should ride for Primye Dinastoro rather than continue hunting,” Voinil finally stated.
Kroven did not reply.
A surge of anger suddenly filled him. He wanted vengeance for his fallen lover. Who was he to take anger out on? Was he to blame the horned man or the shadowy beasts for Strakha’s demise? 
He blamed the horned man. He was the reason they had been venturing near the Ivy Mountains in the first place. However, the faun was probably dead or near death given the nature of the phantom creatures—either way he was unreachable.
As if reading his mind, the blood wolf moved away from Kroven and began to cough. Voinil looked away in disgust as the beast hacked something up. Looking down, the beast’s master saw the salvia-covered bracelet that he had taken from the horned man. It did not suit the rest of the faun’s clothing, and more or less matched the string-based accessories which the nymph guiding him had been wearing.
He took someone of mine from me, Kroven thought as he picked the bracelet up. I might as well take someone from him.
“Track,” Kroven commanded of his beast while holding the bracelet to its snout.
“Who owns the bracelet?” Voinil asked in a confused manner.
“A friend of the faun’s,” the vampire explained. “An eye for an eye, I figure. The being that created this bracelet has a relative amount of power, I sensed it when I first encountered the mongrel faun. He’s nowhere near as powerful as the horned man, but it’s better to bring him back to the highnesses than nothing.”
Voinil did not look convinced, but he was not about to argue with Kroven. The vampire was grieving and perhaps distracting himself by hunting down this nymph would be cathartic.
The vampire mounted his blood wolf again. His eyes were still watery, but at the same time they were angry, craving blood.
“We’re returning to the Dolar Woods. Any other magical beings we come across in the forest can also be captured. This nymph, though… it is necessary that we capture him. He is our exchange with the mongrel for Shokhota and… Strakha.”
“Then let us ride for the Woodlands.” Voinil then gestured in the appropriate direction. “Lead the way.”
* * *
Dacen’s eyes opened in a lull manner. The tranquiliser had not fully worn off yet. He was not exactly sure where he was. The low lighting was tinted red, which was unfamiliar to him. Due to his dreamy state, he thought he was still travelling with Neem, so he was alarmed when he did not wake to see the morning sky.
Upon attempting to move, the horned man came to his senses. His hands felt the hard surface beneath him: stone. The same type of stone covered the walls and ceiling—he was in a cave.
It was the pain in his shoulder that reminded him of the whole vampire incident. His wound, however, appeared to have been cleaned and dressed which explained why he was bare from the waist upward, save the bandage.
As he slowly continued to wake up, he feared that the vampires had captured him and he was resting in their camp. It would make sense given the last thing he remembered was the hunters and blood wolves all staring down at him.
Perhaps a vampire camp? he considered as he looked around the cave. He was on a tablet carved out of stone, and a torch was attached to the wall across from him. The greatest surprise was the wooden door to the strange cave he was in. No, this is a bedroom. Somebody lives here.
Putting his boots on the ground, he found his pack—and the remainder of his clothing—resting against the stone slab. Three oil vials, a bowl of water, and bloodied cloth also lay on the ground. It was quite obvious that his shoulder had been well cared for during his unconsciousness.
Who has been caring for me? he thought as he stood up. He stumbled a bit due to the numb sensation in his legs.
The horned man froze when he heard sounds through the wooden door—somebody was coming his way. At first he thought the sound was the patter of feet, but as it got closer he realised it was more of a clopping sound.
Like a horse or maybe a…
The door was opened. There stood an ancient, horned man with the bushy legs and hooves of a goat.
… faun.
Dacen stumbled backward, toward the stone bed. The old faun’s brow furrowed as his yellow eyes inspected the mongrel before him. Dacen did the same.
The faun was paler than a corpse, a stark contrast to his own tanned skin. His horns were certainly larger than Dacen’s—far more ram-like. A black tunic—tied with a red string—covered the old faun up until the thighs. 
His beard was the most notable feature of his human side. The white braid ran from his chin to his naval, while his eyebrows were growing quite long and bushy. It was as if his hair had a mind of its own. Dacen hoped he was not looking at a reflection of his future self. The nox elves had taught him that a smooth face and constant grooming were very important. He had also been taught that he should always be fully-clothed unless in the private presence of a lover… which was why Dacen desperately wanted to cover up his exposed torso.
“You’re finally awake,” the faun grumbled. His accent was very strange. It certainly was not from any of the surrounding territories.
“You’re the warlock,” Dacen said with a gasp. “A warlock is a faun.”
“Of course the warlock is a faun. Did you honestly think a warlock of another species would accept a faun mongrel like you?”
Dacen let out a laugh.
“I… I suppose it makes sense for you to be a faun.”
“That it does.” The creature clopped forward and put out his hand. “I am Daefortis the Master.”
The younger man gladly took his hand and shook it firmly.
“Then I am Dacen the Apprentice.”
Daefortis chuckled.
“I am inclined to believe this is true, but first you must return my letter and book as evidence of your identity.”
Dacen quickly knelt down in order to search through his pack, but first he slipped into his tunic. He did not bother dressing his upper half any more than that due to the hurry he was in. The single, thin shirt was modest enough for his comfort
“Here,” he said as he passed the book and letter to the older faun.
Daefortis flicked through the pages to ensure they were all still intact. He cocked a bushy eyebrow upon reaching the back of the book. Dacen’s heart skipped a beat. He had forgotten all about the writing he had done on the empty page at the back of the book.
“Marking your property like a frisky wolf,” the faun noted in an unamused manner as he showed Dacen the page that he had written his name on. “And who is this ‘Neem’? Surely you didn’t reveal the contents of this book to them, hmm?”
The younger man froze with fear. Already he had failed as an apprentice and they hadn’t even gotten started yet.
“I’m sorry,” he said in a panicked manner. “I was just showing him how to spell his name. I mean, he can’t read so I promise he doesn’t know the secrets of the book… I promise!”
The faun continued to stare him down like a parent about to punish a naughty child. Yes, Dacen was actually much taller than the faun, yet Daefortis had an overpowering presence that seemed to turn him into a giant.
“You are lucky that this is a copy of the original,” the older faun finally said before tossing the book carelessly onto the stone slab. “I would never send the original copy of the Viti et Morsisa Daeformita to some unknown mongrel. No, the true copy shall always remain in my care.”
The younger faun gave a sigh of relief. He had not completely ruined everything… yet.
“Come,” Daefortis said while gesturing to the open door, “I shall show you around.”
The bedroom was actually connected to a much larger network of caves. If one was unfamiliar with the territory, the caves would become an inescapable labyrinth to them. Dacen, being new to the older faun’s home, remained close to Daefortis in order to avoid getting lost.
“Your home is carved into one of the Ivy Mountains,” he noted as they trudged up stone stairs.
Daefortis did not respond. He figured that fact was obvious and did not need confirmation.
They finally reached a large area which, unlike the other cave rooms, had natural light pouring in from a stained glass window on the roof. There were shelves surrounding the circular room. Some had books, others had pickled eyeballs and other disturbing ingredients needed for dark magic spells.
“This is the temple: our place of practice and where you shall learn of Daemonis Umbra Artidon.”
Dacen gave the faun a confused look. He obviously recognised Daemonis’ name, but the rest made no sense to him.
“The Father’s Dark Arts… that is what it means,” the older faun explained while walking over to the book shelf. “I assume you have very little knowledge of fauns and dark magic practices. That isn’t your fault. Few sources are out there for mongrels like you to come across. Humans try to destroy anything related to the dark arts, so that certainly doesn’t help.”
“Mongrels like me?” the younger man asked.
“Human-faun hybrids,” Daefortis stated simply while trailing his hand across the ancient books on a particular shelf. “Fauns are scarce, and mongrels like you are even scarcer. So far I’ve only discovered three others.”
“I assume my kind isn’t exactly tolerated by traditional followers of Daemonis.”
“If you weren’t tolerated you would already be dead.  You’re existence is tolerated because you pose little theat. It’s all about the horns.” 
Dacen again looked confused. How could his appearance also be judged by fauns?
“Your horns, they are too small,” Daefortis said with a laugh. “Whether that signifies that you are weaker, or deformed shall be discussed at the upcoming Meeting of the Thirteen Masters.”
“I beg your pardon?”
Daefortis turned to properly face him.
“Now that you have arrived, you shall first be inspected by the other twelve members of the Master Council. Your significance to the Father and standing within faun society must be concluded.”
Dacen ran his hands over his face. He had only just arrived, and already, he was utterly confused by the faun lifestyle.
“When will the Meeting take place?” he asked as he watched the circular glass window above them open.
“In three nights.”
The younger man took a step back when twelve massive ravens swooped in. Daefortis said nothing as he placed an envelope in each bird’s beak. One by one, they flew off until none remained.
“Do all the Masters live nearby?” Dacen asked as the faun continued to go about his business. “I mean, it took me many months to get here after I received your letter by raven.”
“Fauns are magic,” Daefortis simply stated. “They can arrive whenever they want.”
A silence followed. Only the clopping sound of the older faun’s hooves could be heard as he strode back to the bookshelf.
“You wouldn’t happen to know who my father is, would you?” the younger man asked abruptly, and then bit his lip instantly afterwards. He had not meant to ask that.
The old faun turned to look at him speculatively.
“I have no idea who your father is,” he stated after a moment. “I know who your human mother is, however. I monitored her while she was pregnant with you.”
Dacen’s eyes widened. It did not faze him that the faun had been observing him for so long, he was just shocked that someone actually knew who one of his parents was. He had only asked Daefortis if he knew his father because they were both fauns.
“W-who is she?”
“A creature of no significance,” he stated coldly. “Considered a half-breed by her own kind as well, funnily enough.”
“Please tell me,” Dacen asked, his voice cracking slightly. “I would very much like to meet her.”
“Well, she doesn’t want to meet you. She left you in that forest for a reason.”
Dacen’s head dropped, but he nodded obediently. The younger man knew it had been stupid of him to ask this old faun about his parents.
“And what of the hunters who ambushed me?” he finally asked to distract himself from the thought of his parents.
“Two are dead and two fled,” Daefortis explained before ambling to a large chest on the opposite side of the room. “I’m going to remove the blood and heart from one of the dead ones in a little while, you shall help me.”
Dacen’s face drained of colour. That was the last thing he wanted to do.
“Of course… Master,” he said hesitantly. In order to gain the older faun’s approval he had to show him respect.
Daefortis looked at him, it was the first time the younger man had seen him smile slightly.
“Now you’re catching on. I’ll make an apprentice of you yet.”
The older faun then pulled a book from the shelf and brought to it to the nearest table. Dacen casually strolled over to Daefortis and looked down at the book. He expected it to be some sort of horrendous book about how to extract vampire organs given the mention the old faun had made about the vampire corpse he had in the chest.
“Your first task as Apprentice is to heal your wound.”
The young man raised an eyebrow in confusion.
“But you have already tended to my wound.”
“Yes, and now you are to completely heal it. Choose a spell from this book. Any ingredients needed can be found around this room.” The faun then began to walk towards the door. “I shall return later to check on your progress. Given that this is your first time… I will give you two hours.”
The younger man banged his head against the table at the same time that Daefortis slammed the door shut.
Where do I even start with this book? he thought in a dismayed manner as he flicked through the thousands of pages. I’m going to fail. I’m going to fail miserably.
And he did. Daefortis knew he was not going to succeed. When he came to survey Dacen’s progress, he found that the younger man had made absolutely none
At the end of the second hour Dacen was on the verge of tears. He was so afraid of failing and being exiled from the one place he had finally been welcomed. Where would he go if the faun kicked him out?
Back to Neem: the one being who genuinely likes me, he thought as his shaky hands continued to turn through the pages of the book. He then shook his head at the thought. That nymph deserves better than me.
The young man froze when the door opened. One look from Daefortis caused him to put his face in his hands and sob. The journey, the vampires, leaving Neem, and the task at hand had all led up to this meltdown as Dacen lost complete control of his emotions. The whole journey, his whole life, was wasted.
“So I see you failed,” Daefortis remarked in a moderately amused tone.
The younger faun gave him no reply. His was incapable of forming words at that point.
“You needn’t worry. I expected you to fail. The goal was to see how you would react to being thrown straight into the inferno. I was hoping you’d remain composed, but that obviously isn’t the case.”
Dacen refused to remove his head from his hands, too ashamed to even look at the older faun. The creature looked down at him in an unsympathetic manner before trotting back towards the door.
“I’ll be back in a half hour or so… try to have yourself collected when I return.” Daefortis looked back once when he reached the door again. “I suppose we shall wait till after the Meeting of the Thirteen Masters before we continue your lessons. It was clearly too much at once for a mongrel like you.”
Dacen took a deep breath when the older faun closed the door. It had been hours, mere hours, and already he had been accused of vandalising an important text and failed his first lesson. He would never be a warlock, that was for sure. He would never be accepted by the fauns, and he would be forced to leave and continue his endless roaming as he searched for a purpose in life.
I’m a disgrace to fauns and humans alike, he thought while wiping his eyes. I’m not meant for this world. Curse the faun who raped my mother!
He was able to calm himself after a few minutes. It was this moment that he felt a strong yearning for his little nymph friend from the Woodlands. Neem had liked him enough to hug and kiss him. The horned man sensed he would not feel the acceptance he felt with that nymph ever again, and that thought was more horrifying than being rejected by both fauns and humans.
You will never be that happy again, he admitted to himself, but you must push onwards and fight for the respect of the fauns.
And with that, he began poring through the pages of the book once again. He would not stop searching for the right spell. He could not if he ever wanted the reverence of Daefortis the Master.

Eight
“Neem!” someone squeaked as the nymph strolled through the Woodlands. He was now in familiar territory and sensed it was one of his friends who was calling his name.
He was right. Both nymphs fell to the ground laughing as Fee jumped on him.
“You’re alive!” she exclaimed while squeezing him half to death.
“I am indeed,” he replied in an out-of-breath manner.
The female nymph immediately jumped off of him when she saw the bandage he was wearing. This allowed Neem to sit up properly, but he winced when his friend pressed her hand into the bandage.
“What happened?”
“A vampire’s arrow hit me.”
Fee tilted her head to one side.
“What’s a vampire?”
“The owners of those blasted blood wolves. One of them came into the forest because they wanted the foreigner.”
Fee snarled.
“I knew that foreigner was no good! Tell me, did he try to harm you at any point?”
Her friend shook his head frantically.
“No,  he was very sweet. I assure you, only the vampire and his blood wolf were dangerous, but now they are gone and won’t come back.”
“How can you be sure?”
The nymph sighed.
“Because the foreigner is gone and they are after him, not me.”
Fee was not as sympathetic: “Oh well, the foreigner’s fate doesn’t matter providing your safe.”
The female nymph then stood up and helped Neem to his feet. She saw the brief look of pain on his face as he stood, suggesting the wound was still relatively fresh.
“Did you make this?” she said while plucking at the bandage.
“No,” he replied, brushing her hand away. “The foreigner gave it to me after the vampire attacked.”
“He shouldn’t have let you come into such danger.”
“He didn’t mean to! He was very sorry when this happened and suggested multiple times that I should return to this part of the forest for the sake of my own safety.”
“Then why didn’t you return sooner?”
Neem shrugged, his friend could tell he was a little ruffled.
“Because… because I like him and wanted to fulfil my promise by guiding him to the edge of the Woodlands.”
“You like him?” the female nymph asked in an accusing manner. “But he’s a foreigner!”
“Just because he’s a foreigner doesn’t mean he’s evil. He was very kind, and he’s faced hate his whole life because he’s a foreigner everywhere else as well.”
Fee shrugged.
“A foreigner’s a foreigner. Now, we must go tell Jaiya of your return!”
Neem smiled even though he was slightly annoyed. There was no way to convey to anyone else in the forest that Dacen was good. They would actually have to get to know him in order to understand that—but now that he was gone they would never know.
They found the dryad among others of her kind. It appeared they were having some sort of meeting. Neem and Fee did not know what about, but they knew they would find out soon enough. They sat in the branches of an oak tree chatting. It was not long until until Jaiya trudged over to them after the meeting. Her expression was just as it had been when Neem saw her last—concerned.
“Neem,” she said happily. Her eyes still suggested she was anxious, “you have returned. Tell me, how was your adventure? Was the foreigner good to you?”
“The adventure was exciting and the foreigner was lovely,” he said quickly before moving onto the next topic: “Are you all right?”
She shook her head.
“Afraid not.”
“What’s happened?” Fee asked in a concerned manner.
“Wolves,” Jaiya said coldly. “I have been warned that two of them have entered the Woodlands… and they’re not alone.”
Fee’s eyes widened as she turned to look at Neem.
“Vampires?” she asked him. “Would they be the ones with the wolves?”
The nymph did not answer immediately. 
“I would assume so,” he stated in a distracted way as he thought the whole situation over. “But if the foreigner is gone then why have they returned?“
“The foreigner? What does he have to do with the wolves and what are vampires?” the great dryad asked. All this information could have been useful to her during the meeting.
“The vampires are hunting the foreigner because they want his magic, but he has left the Woodlands,” Neem stated.
“And the vampires own the wolves,” the female nymph added.
Jaiya let out a heavy sigh.
“So the wolves are here because of the foreigner. This is his fault.”
“No!” Neem squeaked in a defensive manner. “Not his fault. If the blood wolves are after him then they are going in the wrong direction. He has left the Woodlands, and they should be able to sense that.”
“Then why are the wolves here?”
Neem shook his head. He was just as confused as Jaiya.
“Regardless,” the dryad began after a few moments, “we must prepare for their arrival in this part of the forest. You two must get the word out to every creature you can find. I want no casualties.”
“We’re on it!” Fee said with a brave attitude as she hopped out of the oak tree.
Neem did not follow suit in such an enthusiastic manner. He moved at a more gradual pace. The nymph could not understand why the vampires would return. What could they want out of the Woodlands now that Dacen was gone?
An odd thought made its way into his mind: what if they had already captured Dacen? He had not considered that yet. He had just happily lived under the assumption that they would fail to catch him, yet it was still a possibility.
Oh, I hope he is safe.
“Are you all right, Neem?” the dryad asked once Fee was gone. “You seem… sad.”
“I’m afraid of the wolves, just like you.”
Jaiya took a few steps closer to him and knelt down so that she could look him directly in the eyes.
“No, you appeared sad even before I told you of those beasts’ presence in the forest. Tell me, what is wrong?”
The nymph had no answers. Now that the dryad mentioned it, he had been down for the past few days, but he had not recognised the shift in his mood until now.
“I have no idea,” he said in an honest manner.
“Is it something to do with this?” she asked while pointing at the bandage around his lower stomach.
“No, err, kind of.”
“Did the foreigner harm you?”
“No!” he squeaked in the same way he had when Fee blamed Dacen for his wound. “He would never harm me. No, a vampire pierced me with an arrow, but they were aiming for him. He gave me this bandage to cover up the wound.” He sighed. “I miss him, Jaiya. The foreigner was kind to me, and I’d very much like to see him again. I don’t feel as if we got to spend enough time with each other.”
A dark look spread across the dryad’s face.
“You want to befriend this unnatural being you met?” she asked in a judgmental manner. “He is the reason a so-called vampire harmed you and the reason the wolves have returned!”
“He isn’t! He didn’t intend for harm to come to me or any of the creature of the Woodlands. All he wanted was to reach the end of his journey.”
“No matter,” the dryad began as she stood up properly. “The foreigner is of no concern of ours any more. Remove him from your memory. We have more important issues at hand.”
Neem nodded, but avoided her gaze. He was annoyed that he could not alter her view of his friend.
“Go,” she commanded while pointing behind him. “Help Fee spread the word.”
The nymph nodded again before dashing out of sight. He thought over the dryad’s words as he ran.
But I can’t just forget him, he thought. He is my friend, and I don’t forget friends.
Neem ran into his female nymph friend while on his quest to warn the beings of the Woodland about the incoming danger. Her out-of-breath panting suggested she had been doing much of the same.
“I told the fairies and birds to fly high, and the pixies, sprites, and other ground dwellers to climb the trees. I wasn’t sure what the centaurs should do, but I told them to run as far away as they can for the next few days,” she said in one breath before she went back to panting.
“They should be fine. Centaurs aren’t magical so they probably won’t be targeted,” Neem assured her. “Also, I went to the water spirits and mermaids to inform them. They are swimming further upriver.”
“Have our nymph friends been informed yet?”
Neem shook his head.
“That’s just where I was going,” he explained.
“We shall go together.”
Much to both of their surprise, all the nymphs were surrounding Jaiya when they finally arrived.
“Neem!” one squeaked.
“He’s alive,” said another.
“How was your adventure?” asked a third.
“There will be time to greet your friend later. Right now you must retreat to the trees. Wolves are near,” the great dryad warned them. “Go, quickly!”
All the nymphs looked to Neem then back at Jaiya before scurrying to the surrounding trees and climbing them.
“You two as well,” she warned Fee and Neem as they continued to stand there idly. “The trees speak of wolves coming this way. You must hurry!”
Fee grabbed her friend’s wrist and dragged him to the nearest tree. The two climbed, but Neem had his doubts that the height and branches could protect them. It could protect them from wolves, yes, but the vampire he had encountered had arrows. Jaiya would protect them—she had to.
All the forest spirits fell silent. Beasts moving at a whirlwind speed could be heard thundering through the forest. The dryad stood tall; wolves did not scare her. Her thick bark acted as armour and her towering height gave her an advantage. 
Neem heard his female nymph friend shriek as a beast bolted out of the forest and straight for Jaiya. The great dryad rooted herself into the dirt and braced for impact. The blood wolf’s teeth locked into the bark on her arm, but she managed to dislodge herself and hit the beast on the head, causing it to whimper. What she didn’t expect was for the strange rider to leap from its mount and grab onto her antler-like branches.
“Jaiya!” Neem squeaked as the vampire drew its knife. The great dryad was too busy dealing with the blood wolf to fight with the rider.
Oh no, Neem thought with great dismay as a second beast and rider emerged the trees. The dryad was already having enough trouble. The vampire was cutting away at her antlers while trying to swipe at her face, and the blood wolf was trying to tear her body to shreds.
“We must help!” Neem told Fee and, in turn, the other nymphs in the same tree.
“How?” Fee asked. “We are too small.”
All the nymphs gasped as the second vampire and his mount charged at the dryad and managed to uproot her, causing her to fall. Both blood wolves pounced on her instantly and tore the bark and branches from her body.
“No!” Neem shrieked.
Much to his surprise, both the blood wolves stopped. They remained on top of the dryad to ensure she could not stand, but she did not look in condition to do so at any rate. Sap was pouring from wounds all across her body while much of her brown skin was revealed from where bark once lay.
One of the vampires dismounted his beast and removed his hood. Neem recognised him instantly, it was the same monster who had shot him days ago.
“You want this thing to live?” Kroven asked while scanning the trees. All the nymph faces looked so similar that he could not distinguish which was the one he was searching for. “I shall spare this tree beast, but in return, I want one of you.”
All the nymphs exchanged gasps and whispers with each other.
“A particular being of your kind, I assure you,” the vampire explained as he drew his bow and arrow and walked towards the injured dryad. “I shall kill this tree, and as many of your kind as it takes, until the creature who befriended the faun gives himself over to me.”
Neem did not have to look at Fee to know that she was staring at him. A few other nymphs in the same tree followed suit, although they were unsure exactly why they were doing so.
“You can’t!” she whispered as he began to climb down the tree. “They’ll kill you!”
He paused to look upat her. He was trying to be brave and do the right thing, but she could see the fear in his eyes.
“I must save Jaiya,” he whispered before jumping out of the tree.
The vampire turned when he saw a little being land on the ground. To keep his word, his blood wolf stepped away from the dryad and came to his side.
“Neem, n-no!” Jaiya groaned, sap dripping from the edge of her mouth.
“Is this the creature you wanted?” the second vampire asked keeping a long dagger pointed at the dryad’s head.
Kroven did not answer immediately. Instead, he gestured for the little nymph to come closer. Reluctantly, Neem did so. His entire body trembled as he walked closer to the vampire and his mount. Kroven’s eyes ran up the pale body. He noted the bandage as well as the shell around the nymph’s neck which he recognised from their previous encounter.
“Yes,” he said in a sadistic manner. “This is the one.”
“Leave him be!” he heard someone squeak.
Neem looked back, in the same direction as the vampire. Fee stood on the ground. A bold nymph she was. Obviously, she put the lives of her friends before her own.
“You c-can eat me,” she stammered. “But the other nymph and dryad should be left alone!”
All the little nymphs began to whisper among themselves again. Neem ignored them; he was more focused on the fact that Kroven was drawing back his arrow in Fee’s direction.
“No!” he shrieked as he rammed himself against the vampire. 
He was not strong enough to make Kroven fall over, but he did make him miss his target. Fee flinched as the arrow flew past her ear and pierced the tree behind her. Impulsively, she quickly scurried up the tree again, in search of safety. She loved Neem and Jaiya, but fear consumed her at that moment, and her own survival suddenly took the foreground.
“How dare you,” Kroven growled at the nymph as he pushed him away, causing Neem to stumble and fall.
The blood wolf growled and took a step closer to the defenceless nymph. The bared fangs made Neem whimper and try to crawl backwards.
“That’s enough taunting,” Voinil stated as he watched the scene play out. “You have what you want, now let us leave.”
“Fine,” Kroven grumbled before making clicking sound with his mouth. The blood wolf instantly stopped acting so menacing towards its victim and moved back. “Kill the tree and we shall take our leave.”
“What?” Neem shrieked. 
Cries from other nymphs could be heard as Voinil blunged his sabre into the great dryad’s head. Her body twitched for a few seconds and, then, lay still. Neem quickly found his feet and pounced on Kroven again, but the vampire simply kicked him to the ground.
“You s-said you wouldn’t kill her!” the little being sobbed as he stared at his dead friend.
“I didn’t kill the thing… He did,” Kroven insisted while gesturing to Voinil. “Now, come, unless you want any more bloodshed.”
The nymph did not move from the ground. His whole body trembled as he went into shock. Jaiya was dead. One of his dearest friends was now with the Goddess among the stars. He knew it was selfish, but he wanted the great dryad to remain in the Woodlands rather than with the Goddess. The thought of not meeting her again until death was heartbreaking.
A loud groan suddenly swept through all the trees in the surrounding area and continued to spread. Nature did not take kindly to the death of a dryad and now the trees were mourning the loss of a forest spirit. More importantly, however, the other dryads in the area would be coming for the vampires and their mounts. Kroven knew this was likely to be the case and quickly scooped the distraught nymph into his arms before placing him on his blood wolf. They needed to hurry. He and Voinil could handle a single dryad, but any more than that would become quite the hassle.
“Let’s go,” Voinil yelled over the loud groaning of the trees.
“One second,” Kroven called back as he wrapped rope around the nymph’s wrists. “I have to secure him.”
The other vampire took one look at the trembling nymph and figured the little creature was too shocked to try and get away. He let out a heavy sigh before mounting his blood wolf and riding off. He could not care less that Kroven had not started to ride yet. His companion would just have to catch up to him.
Neem was in a daze as the blood wolf started to dash. The whole situation felt so surreal, and he did not know how to cope with it. Someone called out his name as he was taken away from his home. It was probably Fee, but he did not look back to check. He just stared forward as the forest whizzed by him.
Kroven eventually caught up to Voinil. The lamentation of the trees had finally ceased by that point, and the little nymph in front of him had remained in a dream-like state for the duration of the trip so far.
“I see the nymph is being compliant,” Voinil noted.
“Yes. I believe this nymph creature is named ‘Neem’ based on what all the other creatures were calling out,” Kroven agreed before stroking the nymph’s hair in a possessive manner. “Is that right, hmm? Your name is Neem?”
The nymph visibly tensed under the vampire’s touch. He chose to say nothing.
“No matter,” Kroven stated when he realised that he was not going to get a reply from the little creature. “I’m sure the highnesses will much prefer to refer to you only as ‘blood slave’… should you last more than a day or so.”
“He better last more than a day,” Voinil growled. “We have put too much effort into catching this thing just to have him killed within hours!”
“Why?” both vampires heard the meek creature ask. “Why did you want me so badly? Why would you attack my friends just to get me?”
“Blame your faun friend,” Kroven snarled. “Your suffering is his fault.”
The nymph shook his head. He did not understand why such terrible things were happening to him and his friends, but he knew without a doubt that Dacen would not want this to happen. The vampires were the only ones to blame.
“Kroven?”
The vampire looked up upon hearing his name as they continued to bolt through the forest.
“Perhaps it would be best keep him sedated until we reach the end of the woods,” Voinil suggested.
Kroven looked down at the little nymph before laughing at the suggestion.
“He is sedated. Just look at him.”
The other vampire gave a nonchalant shrug.
“All right,” he conceded. “I just don’t want to risk him getting away after all we’ve been through.”
“He won’t,” Kroven assured him.
The riders eventually veered their mounts into a clearing to remove obstacles from their path. Neem, despite his shaken state, recognised the familiar Nacta Riverbank. How strange it was for him to be retreading his steps for such a very different reason.
* * *
Night eventually fell after many hours of travelling. The vampires made the risky decision to rest for the night so that they could rejuvenate their energy. There was a chance that they could be ambushed by creatures of the Woodlands, but both remained confident that there were no creatures in the forest that were worthy of concern. They had already been victorious in the battle with the dryad, after all.
The little nymph was not asleep, but rather laying perfectly still due to the blood wolf that had curled around him to ensure he could not try to escape. Despite this, Neem still thought about how he could slip away once both vampires and their mounts had fallen asleep. That plan quickly fell to pieces when he realised the vampires were taking sleeping shifts, and therefore, one would always be awake. With little chance of a successful escape, Neem prayed to the Nature Goddess and begged her to help him.
She didn’t save Jaiya so why would she save you? he thought.
The nymph quickly pushed the thought out of his mind. Now was not the time to question the Goddess or her plan for all the creatures of the Woodlands. However, it was not long before doubt found its way back into his mind:
Why would the Goddess ever let bad things happen to her creations? Is she aphetic about the suffering of her children? If she did care, then why would she let Jaiya die like that?
During Neem’s internal struggle, the vampires sat further away, by a small fire, as they discussed what to do now that they had the nymph. Both had already accumulated four hours of rest—a standard amount for vampires—and were now simply sitting and talking rather than taking nap shifts.
“Perhaps we could use the creature as bait to catch the faun,” Voinil suggested. “I mean, they are friends. If there is any nobility in the faun, then he may give himself over to us in return for the safety of this nymph.”
Kroven shook his head.
“There is no safe way to even inform the faun that we have his friend. The phantoms will kill us as soon as we get anywhere near the Ivy Mountains.”
“That may be true,” Voinil agreed, now unconvinced of his own idea.
Both vampires instantly looked to the nearest trees when a ruffling sound was heard. The blood wolves also seemed alert, given their growling. Neem looked up as well, hopeful that the Goddess had heard his pleas.
Voinil’s blood wolf let out a yelp when an arrow struck its hind leg. At that point, both vampires stood up and prepared for another attack. Neither was fretful due to the grandeur of their own bow skills. A wild creature could not have better aim than them. They had trained since childhood to be the very best. 
Two centaurs, one male and one female, emerged from the darkness with their arrows drawn. Neither looked very pleased. 
“Oh, and what do we have here?” Kroven asked in a sadistically playful manner while drawing his bow back.
Neem let out a small gasp. He recognised the female centaur. She was the one who had threatened Dacen during their adventure.
She’s made a horrible mistake, he thought fearfully as he sat up. The blood wolf  which was curled around him gave him a glare, but did not stop him. These vampires will kill her!
She quite obviously recognised him as well. Her cold glare in his direction certainly told him that.
“It appears man and horse bred and created horrible mongrel offspring,” Voinil remarked in a cocky manner.
The male centaur’s brow furrowed angrily, but his female counterpart appeared to ignore the comment. She was too focused on the little nymph next to the blood wolf.
“You,” she began, “are you the guide for this scum through the Woodlands now?”
Neem furiously shook his head and mouthed the word ‘run’. He could not warn them aloud as he feared how the blood wolf would react.
“He is our prisoner,” Kroven explained, “and you are our meal.”
“Not likely,” the male centaur growled.
Both centaurs were just about to relinquish their arrows when Voinil’s injured blood wolf took revenge for the arrow to its hind leg, sinking its teeth into the female’s side. Neem screamed and covered his eyes as Voinil and Kroven fired off their own arrows. Neither missed their mark and the centaurs were defeated within seconds.
The vampires ignored the nymph’s wailing as they bared their teeth, ready to feast on the carcasses. The centaurs were not magic, they knew that as soon as they inhaled their scent, but their craving for blood was stronger than their desire for power at that point.
“You may also eat the male,” Kroven told his blood wolf. Voinil’s mount had already begun to feast on the dead creature.
The blood wolf was not hesitant in the slightest to leave Neem alone as it went to feast.  The nymph appeared to be too distraught to attempt anything.
“Should we encounter any especially magic beings on our journey we should capture them as well,” Voinil reminded his companion before sinking his teeth back into the neck of the deceased centaur.
“Only small ones,” Kroven replied. “Having to bring back two beings of moderate height would not be as easy.”
Voinil was quite surprised when Kroven’s expression quickly changed from calm to stern. The vampire rose and drew his dagger. Looking to the side, he saw that the little prisoner was standing closer to the river—perhaps he intended to try and swim away.
“Try it,” Kroven snarled. “I dare you.”
Both blood wolves also looked up from their meals and started to growl. Terrified, Neem quickly sat back down and brought his knees up to his chest as protection.
Voinil’s blood wolf let out a yelp, followed by a snarl, after its master crept over and ripped the arrow out of its leg. Although aggravated, it went back to eating its meal before the other blood wolf devoured the whole centaur.
“I think we should continue our journey once our thirst is quenched,” Voinil suggested while tossing the bloodied arrow to the ground. “I would like to be out of this wretched forest as soon as possible.”
Kroven wiped the blood off his lips before replying: “All right. Probably for the best.”
That is when Neem finally understood he was going to be leaving the forest. Yes, that had been a given when the vampires decided to take him back to their kingdom, but the realisation had only just set in. He had no idea what the world beyond the Woodlands was like, and he did not want to find out with the aid of the vampires. Based on what Dacen had told him, the world was a cruel place—and he wanted no part of it.
“I don’t want to leave the Woodlands,” he announced in a puerile manner. Both vampires looked up from their meal with confused, and slightly amused, expressions. 
“Oh, really?” Voinil asked in sarcastic manner.
Neem ignored their mockery. He had expected that reaction from them.
“If… if you must kill me. Please do it here in the forest.”
“You’re not in a position to be making requests,” Kroven warned the little nymph. “Besides, we still need to bring blood slave candidates back to the highnesses. If not you, we will have to capture another creature of this forest. You wouldn’t want that, would you?”
Neem’s eyes became watery, but he shook his head. Another creature suffering due to his own selfishness was the last thing he wanted.
Eventually, both vampires seemed satiated and let the centaur corpse be. Their mounts, on the other hand, were still busy devouring their own centaur when Kroven’s blood wolf noticed the abandoned female corpse and moved to feast on her carcass instead.
“None of that,” his master warned him, making the blood wolf’s ears droop. “We’re leaving now.”
“Would you like to be sedated?” Voinil asked when he reached the nymph, gesturing to a vial in his hand. “By the time you wake we shall have left the forest.”
Neem had to think for a few seconds, but he eventually nodded. It could be easier on him to be unconscious as they crossed the border. That way, he would not spend the next few hours consumed with dread.
“What are you doing?” Kroven asked, cocking an eyebrow as Voinil passed the little nymph the vial.
“Making the journey a little easier on everyone,” the vampire replied simply. “The last thing we need is for this frail thing to have a heart attack before we reach the border.”
Kroven shrugged indifferently and went back to preparing his mount.
Already, Neem was feeling the effects of the sedative after sipping the foul-tasting liquid in the vial. His head felt like a boulder on his weak neck. The nymph had to force his eyes open every few seconds in order to stay awake.
“Is he going to be all right for running?” Kroven asked while gesturing to Voinil’s injured blood wolf. The creature walked with a minor limp as it came to its master, but it did not look as if it was in any pain.
“Should be,” the second vampire replied. “He’s a sturdy beast.”
To Neem, the whole conversation was quite odd. The words began to become distorted as they passed by his ears. He soon found himself looking at the starry sky rather then the hunters. The last thing he saw was Kroven’s face as the vampire came to pick him up.
When he woke, the world around him would be completely different.

Nine
Dacen the Apprentice caught himself behaving childishly as he sat in the large tub made of stone. He quite enjoyed making a miniature whirlpool by spinning his finger around above the water. Yes, he would come to learn far greater magic if he was fully accepted by Daefortis and the Masters as an apprentice, yet the little things magic could do also greatly pleased him.
The scar where the arrow had pierced him was barely visible now—and he was greatly proud of that. It had taken over nine hours, but he had eventually found a healing spell to seal the wound. Daefortis was not as pleased as the younger man had hoped. However, he did express admiration for Dacen’s determination.
The wound the arrow had left was almost as faded as the cuts running up his left forearm. The young hybrid chose to cover as much of his body as possible for multiple reasons, and the self-inflicted scars were one of them. He certainly did not want Daefortis to see them. They could be seen as a sign of mental instability or insecurity—which was the case in nox elf society.
I must research how to fully remove the scars, he thought while continuing to toy with his magical abilities.
A knock at the door made the horned man stop forming a small whirlpool in the tub. Daefortis had informed him that he was only to use magic when it felt necessary and did not want to be caught fooling around with his powers.
“Yes?” he called through the door.
“Stop taking your sweet time and get moving!” a booming voice called back. “The first Master and Apprentice have already arrived.”
“Oh, sorry!” Dacen exclaimed. “I’ll be right out.”
With that, he stood up and reached for the towel. He felt a little embarrassed about taking so long. He had gone through the pre-bath shaving and cleansing with a strigil almost an hour ago and then had just relaxed in the bath for the remaining minutes. The smell of the oils had soothed him to the point where he was almost asleep and saw no reason to leave the tub.
Tonight, the Thirteen Masters would be gathering to discuss Dacen’s place among the fauns. The young man had requested to bathe in order to make himself presentable. Daefortis’ bemused reaction further reinforced the idea that fauns were not the über cleanly type, when it came to their appearance, but it was very important to him and that was why he bathed. It was obviously a trait he had appropriated from the nox elves, given their own obsession with tidiness.
The fauns may laugh all they want, he thought stubbornly while dressing himself. At least I don’t smell like the rotting corpse of a goat.
Dacen entered the great hall. There he found Daefortis sitting next to another old faun and a third, younger one, the Apprentice, stood behind. All three fauns looked in his direction when he answered. The Master’s brow furrowed in disdain while his apprentice let out a smirk.
“It’s hideous,” the Apprentice remarked.
“That would be Dacen the Apprentice,” Daefortis explained, ignoring the other faun’s comment.
“He isn’t an Apprentice yet,” the other Master emphasised.
“It’s a pleasure to be in your presence,” Dacen recited calmly, as he had practiced, while bowing.
The Master rolled his eyes disapprovingly.
“I am Aen Ut the Master,” he finally said. He then gestured to the younger faun standing behind him. “And this is Igna the Apprentice.”
Much to Dacen’s surprise, both the Master and the Apprentice had accents similar to his. In fact, they had the same dark, olive skin as well. The first thought that went through his mind was the possibility of the older faun being his father, but he quickly snuffed that idea out. Just because one faun came from the same region as him did not necessarily mean they had to be related.
“It looks like a baby head stuck on a human body,” Igna mused while stroking his goatee.
“I like a smooth face,” Dacen replied simply. He felt no shame for his lack of facial hair.
“It’s no surprise thar nox elves raised him,” Daefortis said with a chuckle. He then gestured for Dacen to stand behind his chair—as it was master and apprentice custom.
The attention of all four was drawn to the yellow crystal ball in the centre of the oval table. It began to swell with red colour. Dacen jumped when an exploding sound came from across the table and dust shot everywhere. Once the dust had dissipated, the crystal ball returned to its yellow colour and beyond it stood two more fauns.
Dacen was quite intrigued by the incredibly dark skin of both newcomers. He had visited desert lands where people had such dark skin, but those places were quite far away.
“I see you still practice old methods of teleportation,” Aen Ut remarked.
The older of the new fauns said nothing as his dark eyes ran up and down the mongrel before him. Dacen was beginning to feel uncomfortable with all the negative attention he was getting. It made him fear that the Thirteen Masters would choose to reject him… and then he would have to leave.
“This is Ukuna the Master and his apprentice, Shujaku,” Daefortis explained before looking back to the new arrivals. “A pleasure to see you again, Ukuna. This would be Dacen: my potential apprentice.”
“Indeed,” was all the Master said in a low, unamused voice as he took his seat.
“Do we have any word of when the others are arriving?” Aen Ut asked in order to break the long silence that followed.
“They are all aware that the Meeting of the Thirteen Master begins at sundown,” Daefortis replied simply.
“Yes, but sundown isn’t at the same time for all of us, now, is it?” Ukuna protested.
Then the crystal ball swelled red again.
Fauns continued to arrive over the next hour before twelve of the chairs were filled. Dacen was surprised and enthralled by the diversity among the fauns. Some looked like they were from far off lands he had visited, while others were completely foreign to him. Becoming an apprentice would mean he would learn how to quickly transport to all the lands that fauns resided in.
He found himself blushing as he continued to make eye contact with fauns no matter where he looked. If they were not having a conversation, then they were staring at him in a judgemental manner. All he could do was put on a kindly smile when he accidently looked at them, but none of the fauns were amused by his attempt at being friendly. He came to realise that smiling and expressions that resembled happiness were improper in their culture. Eventually he stopped trying to be friendly and kept his eyes fixated on the ground.
“He looks like he’s about to trudge through a snowstorm in all that clothing,” one mocked.
“I’ll bet he’s hiding his deformities,” suggested another.
The other fauns in the same conversation let out a laugh, making Dacen’s face drain of colour.
They’re talking about me as if I weren’t even in the same room, he thought. If this is how fauns were all the time then it would take quite some time to get used to their culture.
They seem to have quite a cruel sense of humour, he pondered while blocking out all the conversations going on about him. I suppose I could be sensitive because I’m not used to such comedy. The nox elves had zero tolerance for joking.
Looking up briefly, he realised that one chair remained empty around the oval table. Although all twelve chairs on each side of the longer parts of the oval table were full, the last remaining chair was also the grandest. Friezes of fauns lined the arms and backrest while two horns were carved into each top corner. Not the downward curled horns of fauns, however, but rather twisting upwards. Whoever they were waiting for had to be quite a significant figure among the Masters.
Daefortis also glanced at the empty chair with a glowering manner.
“Always late,” he grumbled.
“Who is?” Dacen asked quietly. He wanted his curiosity to be put to rest about the mysterious thirteenth member of the Master Council.
There was no time to answer as the crystal ball swelled red one last time. A draft suddenly picked up in the great hall, causing all the candles to blow out and leaving the room in complete darkness. With the snap of his fingers Daefortis resurrected all the flames. The empty chair was now revealed to be filled. In it sat a pale feminine creature with horns spiraling upwards to match the ones carved into the chair. A younger female of the same nature stood behind her.
I didn’t even know there was such thing as female fauns, Dacen thought with great confusion. Then again, I suppose there can’t exactly be male fauns without female ones.
Both females were quite different from the males in the room. Both were dressed in long, tight-fitting tunics and flowing, white pants underneath. The Master’s tunic was a dark red, while the Apprentice’s was a soft blue. The fact none of the other fauns were wearing any lower-body clothing suggested it was more of a female thing—and that would explain why they were mocking Dacen.
Also, unlike their male counterparts, the females’ horns were dressed in ribbons. Both of their faces were paled due to the powder they had applied while their lips were painted bright red. By comparison, all the males in the room appeared quite slovenly.
All the male Masters suddenly stood out of respect. Dacen glanced to the side to see how the Apprentices were reacting to her arrival. They appeared to all being staring at the floor, so he did the same.
“The Council welcomes Taonhi Chay the Master, Mistress of Daemonis, and Gie Lehaun the Apprentice,” Daefortis announced.
Taonhi Chay’s eyes skimmed across all the pitiful, male fauns, searching for fault. Although Dacen was not looking up, the cold sensation running up his spine suggested she was staring at him.
Suddenly, his head started to ache as memories flooded his mind. At first, he was not sure why this was happening, but he sensed an external force was withdrawing all these memories.
“Interesting,” the female Master stated calmly. The ache in Dacen’s head eased as soon as she spoke, suggesting she was possibly the force that had invaded his mind.
Taonhi Chay flicked her wrist, gesturing for all the other Masters to sit so that they could begin the meeting. All complied and, at the same time, their apprentices allowed themselves to look up.
“So this thing wants to be one of us, eh?” the female Master asked while motioning to Dacen. “I don’t see that happening.”
Dacen took a deep breath to help keep his composure. It seemed Taonhi Chay was the most important member of the Master Council and would therefore have the most influence. If she was not convinced that he was worthy of being a faun then nobody else would be either.
“I still question your decision to try and make him your apprentice,” another faun told Daefortis. “It is quite obvious based on his appearance that the mongrel doesn’t retain anywhere near as much power as us fauns do.”
“I am not so certain that the size of his horns defines his power capacity,” Daefortis replied. “However, if I am allowed to train him, then we may come to understand just how powerful he is. If he fails in comparison to the average faun, then we will abandon his teachings. If he is equal in power, however, then he shall continue to be my apprentice.”
“And what if he is more powerful than the average faun?” Taonhi Chay pondered aloud while looking at the orb in the centre of the table. She then glanced briefly at Dacen. “Well, unless he considers himself a she, in which case: what if she is more powerful?” she asked while gesturing to his pants.
The young man heard chuckles coming from some of the other fauns around the table and blushed. He understood wearing clothing on the lower-body was considered feminine, but he was not about to start walking around with everything exposed.
“N-no,” he replied in a sound barely above a whisper. “I’m male.”
The female faun did not look convinced, but said no more on the matter.
“How could a mongrel have more power than a pure faun?” Ukuna questioned in an aggressive manner. He absolutely hated the idea of an interspecies abomination bearing more power than him.
“We know nothing of his magical capabilities. There are only four human-faun hybrids in existence,” the female explained. “They are a very new breed. No knowledge about his power is absolute right now. Perhaps it would be wise to have him remain under our supervision until we have an understanding of these new mongrels. If he is more powerful than a faun, then the new breed is a threat to us, and we must suppress the creation of any more.”
The fauns discussed quietly among themselves for a few moments as they considered the possibility. The young hybrid desperately wanted the Meeting to end. He did not care what the end conclusion was; all he wanted was to leave the judgemental atmosphere that was directed at him
“Have we received any omens from Daemonis about these new mongrels?” Aen Ut asked once the murmurs had begun to die down.
“None,” Daefortis replied vocally while everyone else just shook their heads. “And I have been searching for a sign. The Father is remaining silent.”
“But why?” asked another faun. “Why would he be quiet about these mongrels?”
“Perhaps because they are no threat to our kind,” Ukuna considered. “They could be so peripheral to his grand plan that he ignores them—and we should too.”
“Perhaps,” Taonhi Chay agreed. “Or perhaps something far more sinister is afoot.”
All the males gave her a confused look, Dacen especially. The last thing he wanted was to be accused of anything. If the fauns concluded that he was a threat, then he would surely be killed. He really had no malevolent plans; all he wanted was acceptance.
“I don’t understand what you’re implying,” Daefortis stated after a few moments of silence. “I sense nothing sinister about this situation.”
“We must be open to the possibility that the Father is creating a new race of disciples to inherit Efenta,” the female Master explained. “Perhaps he has given us no omens about these mongrels because we are no longer his concern: they are.”
“That seems more superstitious rather than probable,” Ukuna stated. “I think this new breed is a mishap caused by horny fauns. We were designed in the image of Daemonis. Why would he want this half-breed to take our place? It makes no sense.”
“It’s just a thought,” Taonhi Chay replied defensively.
“It is dangerous to doubt the grand plan of the Father,” Daefortis warned her. “Questioning our significance in his plan is equally so.”
“Unlike the rest of you, I’m willing to delve into the unthinkable and ask the questions that nobody wants answered,” the female faun replied firmly. “And that is why I am the leader and not the follower. If Daemonis had distaste for my questioning then he would have struck me down many years ago. No, he allows me to ask questions and think critically.”
I feel as if I shouldn’t be in the room for this Meeting, Dacen thought as the discussions continued. They’re acting like I’m not here anyways. Would it even be noticed if I slipped out?
“Tell us, mongrel, do you think you bear more power than any faun in this room?” Aen Ut asked in a mocking manner.
“Uh, no,” Dacen whispered. “Well, I’m not sure, but I doubt it.”
“So do I,” the faun agreed. “Do you believe your conception was accidental and without greater significance in the world?”
“I would assume so,” Dacen admitted. 
He had realised that these creatures took pleasure in belittling him. Save for Neem, these fauns were still tolerating him more than any other creatures had. Although he did not want to admit it, being part of their culture was the closest he could ever get to feeling like he belonged and had a purpose in life. Even if being accepted by the fauns did not mean being respected.
“None of us are in a position to assume anything about the half-breed at the moment,” Taonhi Chay said. “Only observation of this mongrel’s capabilities or an omen from the Father can help to put our minds at rest. And if he is more powerful than any of the fauns in this room, that would make him a threat. In which case: I request the mongrel leave our presence until the end of the Meeting.”
The other fauns around the table nodded. Although they doubted that Dacen was some sort of new breed of disciples for Daemonis, it was not worth risking him overhearing their plans if he was a threat to their existence.
“Apprentices are dismissed,” Daefortis announced.  “Dacen, lead them to the mess hall where they may serve themselves supper.”
“Yes, Master,” Dacen replied with a small nod before striding for the door. He wanted to be out of the Council’s presence as soon as possible.
Eleven youthful fauns followed him to the mess hall. He would not have noticed the absence of one had it not been Taonhi Chay’s apprentice was missing. The lack of the single female among the Apprentices was instantly noticed.
“Do any of us know where… err,” he had to think for a moment to remember her name, “uh… Do any of us know where Gie Lehaun the Apprentice is?”
The faun closest to him sniggered.
“The Apprentice of the Mistress must always remain for the duration of the Council Meeting.”
“Oh,” Dacen replied awkwardly. Why was he being mocked when there was absolutely no way that he could have known that fact?
“May I ask why there is only one female on the Master Council?” Dacen asked in order to break the silence. He knew it would probably lead to more mocking, but the uneasy silence was more painful than the cruel humour.
“I believe fauns have a genetic predisposition that makes females scarcer,” Igna explained. “It’s likely a way for the Father to ensure we don’t overpopulate and keep our numbers down. We’re not even supposed to be able to father mongrels. Overall, Daemonis was said to want the faun race to remain pure and small in numbers until our time to rule Efenta came. And then, well, you were born and everything’s up in the air now.”
Igna was not actually interested in making conversation with him, he was just proud of his knowledge of faun culture. Regardless, Dacen was still thankful for that insight.
“Lack of females also means you have absolutely no chance of ever finding a mate,” another faun stated tauntingly. “Not that you could have, given your appearance.”
Oh, what a shame that I don’t get to mate with a cruel-humoured female with hooves, Dacen thought sarcastically, but dared not say.
The young man was quite surprised to discover the long table at the back of the table was filled with all sorts of food—all of it looking freshly made. It had not been like that when he was last in there a few hours. Daefortis hated cooking, so he assumed magic played a major part in the meal’s existence.
He made the wise decision to sit far away from the group of Apprentices as they all ate and chatted amongst themselves. It was clear that he would become the topic to joke about if he got too close.
Even though he remained away from the group, Igna was still annoyed by his mere presence.
“It doesn’t matter what the Council decides,” explained to the faun closest to him. “A mongrel can’t be recognised as one of us, let alone considered equally powerful. What’s next? We start letting anyone being a disciple of Daemonis?”
“Although I agree,” the faun nearest to him began cautiously, “we are not in a position to object to the Council’s decision. I doubt they’ll actually let the mongrel be one of us, though. So we may have nothing to fear.”
“Daefortis is the one heading up this whole campaign to allow mongrels into our society. Save for the Mistress, he’s probably one of the most influential members on the Council, so there’s a very possible chance that that thing will be considered equal to us.”
The other faun did not rebuke that fact. It was true that Daefortis was a very powerful member of the Council. No other male faun would even be able to propose accepting mongrels into faun society.
“He may have good standing in the Council,” began another faun near them, Shujaku, “but his influence will be useless if the mongrel is weak in comparison to pure fauns.”
A wicked smile spread across Igna’s face.
“Perhaps we should prove that this half-breed fails in comparison to real fauns,” he pondered aloud while standing up. “You!” he announced while pointing at the unwitting Dacen. “Where is your practice arena for defensive arts?”
The hybrid cocked an eyebrow—now why would Igna want to see the arena? Yes, there was one deeper into the mountain, but was it a wise idea to show a bunch of young fauns where they could practice duelling? He thought not.
“Why do you ask?” he asked nonchalantly before taking a sip of water. He would not act so calm around Daefortis or any other members of the Council, but these were Apprentices—they had no power. “I see no need to venture there.”
“Oh, but there is,” Igna snarled. The two now had the attention of all the other fauns. “You want to be a faun? Prove yourself! I request a simple duel in order for you to demonstrate your power.”
Dacen shook his head. He kept his calm expression, but his heart was beginning to beat faster. There was a strange bloodlust deep within him that wanted to put the arrogant faun in his place, but he also knew Daefortis would not approve and it could damage his chances of being accepted by faun society.
“The Council will decide whether I am worthy of being an apprentice. Not you,” he explained.
He tried to take another sip of water, but, much to his surprise, the liquid flew out of the cup and splashed his face. All the Apprentices started to laugh.
How petty, he thought while using his sleeve to wipe his face. Obviously it was Igna’s doing, given the faun’s haughty reaction.
“I have done nothing to entice you,” he tried to say calmly, but the tension in his voice was blatant. “Surely we can avoid acting like children and wait for the Council to reach a conclusion rather than trying to draw our own?”
“Real fauns never turn down a duel. You are nothing unless you prove yourself.”
“Well, I guess I am nothing. That is, until the Council tells me who I am.”
Igna scoffed and shook his head
A fair point, Dacen admitted, but none of this means I must mindlessly fight with anyone who challenges me.
“It’s a simple request,” Shujaku said in Igna’s defence. “Duel him to prove your worth. How can we ever respect a mongrel like you if we never see what you’re capable of?”
“He’s capable of nothing,” Igna snarled. “That’s why he chooses to cower behind the word of the Council rather duel me like a true faun.”
“Demeaning me won’t give me any more reason to fight you,” the hybrid explained.
“Then you are nothing.”
Dacen was quite surprised when a flame developed in Igna’s hand. The ball of fire was then coming for him the very next second. He reacted quickly enough to get out of the way, and the flame dissipated upon contact with the stone ground. Even more surprising was the fact that all the Apprentices started laughing—fauns were sadistic creatures.
“Completely useless,” Igna announced while preparing another fireball. “Either he doesn’t have the power to create a deflector or he’s stupid.”
“Now wai–” Dacen tried to say while standing up, but he quickly had to drop back down again when another fireball flew in his direction. This one came a little too close to him. He could actually feel the remnants of heat on his upper arm.
“Kill him,” Shujaku murmured to Igna. “Kill him with a simple spell. Let’s see if Daefortis promotes this mongrel’s status when he can’t even defend himself from something simple like, say, a golem viper,” he suggested while holding up a tiny wooden bust carved into the shape of a snake head.
Igna had to think for a few seconds as he inspected the little wooden piece. The possibility of there being reprisal for murdering the mongrel was high, but if killing him meant proving that half-breeds were not worthy of being part of faun society then he would accept the consequences. He would rather suffer for killing the mongrel than work alongside him. The two could never be equal.
“Blast,” Dacen huffed when a slithering creature birthed from dust.
It was odd to think that a few minutes ago he had just been happily eating his meal, and now he was climbing on the table to get away from a golem snake. Then again, getting on the table actually left him more exposed to danger, as he was now straight in Igna’s line of sight. The faun was obviously more dangerous than the golem snake, so Dacen clambered back onto the ground.
 He let out a grunt when two fangs sunk into his ankle. It was unknown to him whether or not a golem viper could secrete venom, but he chose to remain under the assumption that it could, given the pain that was slowly overcoming the whole of his body. Normal viper venom could not spread so quickly through a larger body. No, this was definitely venom influenced by dark magic.
“What kind of warlock is so easily defeated by a golem viper?” Igna asked mockingly as he walked around the table to find Dacen lying on the ground, writhing in pain.
With the snap of the faun’s fingers, the viper’s fangs penetrated the hybrid for a second time, this time in his arm. Surely the amount of dark magic venom spreading through Dacen was deadly.
“Mongrels as the new disciples?” the faun questioned rhetorically. “I think not.”
Dacen could now feel himself losing control of his body. Not because death was consuming him, but because his body understood the danger it was in and his survival instinct was triggered. He was not conscious when red veins began to pulsate around his darkened eyes. Another force now inhabited his body—his dark half.
The other fauns were shocked when the hybrid suddenly stood up with ease, yet only Igna could see the soulless eyes Dacen now bore. It was not something he had ever seen before.
Afraid, he snapped his fingers again, ordering the viper to attack for the third time. Dacen did not glance down as he stomped his boot on the golem snake’s head, causing the beast to turn into non-kinetic dust before forming into the little wooden piece again.
Perhaps I should’ve used a stronger spell, Igna realised, yet he maintained his moderately amused expression to ensure he still looked confident in front of the other fauns. Looking frightened by a mongrel would be utterly disgraceful. 
“It was unwise of you to test my patience,” the hybrid said a voice that was not his own. “You want me to demonstrate my power? I shall.”
A few gasps came from the other fauns standing idly by as they watched Dacen put his hand to the side with two fingers pointing at the floor. At first they thought he was going to jab Igna with his fingers. Instead, black liquid oozed from the wounds he had sustained and flew to his waiting hand—the venom.
“An impressive display,” Igna stated, although he did not sound convinced. “But let’s see how you can handle true dark magic!”
With that, he attempted to conjure a new spell to defeat the hybrid. Instead, however, his spell quickly dissipated when venom shot into his eyes, blinding him immediately. Igna cried out weakly and covered his face with his hands. It would take quite an intricate spell to heal his eyes.
“That mutt!” Shujaku growled while summoning a simple flame.
Without any thinking, he threw the ball of fire in the hybrid’s direction. Much to every faun’s dismay, Dacen caught the ball of fire in his other hand and snuffed it in his fist. He did not even have to look back to catch it.
“Weaklings,” the foreigner muttered in dual voices before grabbing Igna’s shoulders.
“Please!” the faun whimpered as he felt the hands on his shoulders. “I was just kidding around!”
Dacen did not reply. He simply opened his mouth, which was now a glimpse into eternal darkness. All the others stood by—utterly shocked—as darkness seeped from Igna’s mouth and was inhaled by the hybrid. Nobody had ever seen dark magic like this in practice. 
The lifeless corpse of Igna collapsed on the floor just as the doors to the mess hall swung open. In the archway stood five Masters headed up by Daefortis and Taonhi Chay. They had sensed dark magic being practiced that was far more powerful than anything the Apprentices had been taught and knew something was wrong.
The red veins around Dacen’s eyes gradually faded away, and his eyes returned to their normal brown colouring. He had no recollection of what had just happened. All he knew was that he felt more lively and powerful than ever before. It was only when he looked down at the faun corpse that he realised what had happened. Like a vampire, he had ingested the soul and power of another creature.
What have I become?
When he glanced to the Masters, he expected to see looks of sheer horror. Although three of them looked quite surprised, Taonhi Chay bore a grave expression. She had seen this coming. Daefortis, on the other hand, looked completely delighted.
“Now that is my apprentice,” he announced before looking back to Aen Ut. “And which is your apprentice? The pathetic corpse on the ground.”
“That mongrel is a threat to our kind!” Aen Ut growled. He seemed rather emotionally unfazed by his apprentice’s death. “We must destroy him!”
“He is no threat to us providing he is on our side,” Daefortis stated simply.
Dacen did not hear their conversation. He was in shock due to the fact that he had just killed someone. It was not in his nature. Killing another creature just because they were acting arrogant and petty was ludicrous.
“I-I didn’t mean to!” he stammered. “I wasn’t myself!”
“No,” Daefortis agreed. “You were better than yourself. You were a being worthy of being called a faun and certainly worthy of being called my apprentice.”
Taonhi Chay put her hand on the ecstatic Master’s shoulder.
“He could become a threat too large to contain,” she warned him. “Daemonis has given him the ability to absorb the power of other fauns. Such a creature may not desire to be trained by our kind if we are his meal.”
“This being may be strong in the ways of dark magic, but his mind is weak,” Daefortis murmured to the female faun. “It shall be easy to emotionally control him. Who knows? Perhaps Daemonis has placed him on Efenta to be our weapon.”
Taonhi Chay remained unconvinced, but said nothing. She sensed a power beyond a faun’s control deep within the hybrid, but trying to kill him could prove just as dangerous as trying to contain him.
“A mongrel has just killed a pure faun,” Daefortis began in a voice loud enough for everyone to hear. “Tell me that he is not powerful enough to be one of us.”
No objections came, but that was mostly because all the Apprentices were too afraid to oppose Dacen.
This is what Neem feared would happen, Dacen realised. And now I can never face him again. A killer has no right to look into the eyes of such an innocent creature.

Ten
It took Neem a few minutes to realise that he was on blood wolf when he finally woke. In his dream-like state, he had thought that he was running through the Woodlands, but he came to recognise his legs were not even moving.
I was captured and Jaiya was killed! he realised with a gasp.
“Ah, you’re awake” Kroven proclaimed as he looked down, causing the droplets forming on the top of his hood to plop onto the nymph’s head. He was quite surprised the little creature had managed to sleep through most of the storm. “You’ll be happy to know that we’ve nearly reached our destination. Primye Dinastoro is just beyond those mountains.”
I am definitely not happy to hear that, Neem thought bitterly.
He took a few moments to inspect his surroundings and that’s when it truly clicked that he was no longer in the Woodlands. No, they were in large valley and heading for a line of black mountains. Surprisingly, he did not have a panic attack based on his new environment. No, the situation felt too surreal for him to even react.
“There are no trees,” he noted dazedly, causing both vampires to smirk.
“Seeing the kingdom is going to stop his little heart,” Voinil joked.
A narrow path could be seen snaking around the mountains as they got closer. Clearly, travelling around the mountain was a common enough occurrence that a path had to been formed.
Did they make this path just so that they could come and attack the Woodlands? Neem thought. The image of other poor creatures who had been stolen in the past ran through his mind. They must have been just as terrified as me.
The further they ventured up the mountain, the tighter the little nymph grasped the saddle. Yes, he was used to climbing high trees, but trusting this gigantic beast to carry him up the narrow path was unnerving. One slip and they would go tumbling down the rocky surface.
Although he mainly kept his eyes on the path to ensure they were not coming up on loose rock, he could not help but look to the side. Mountains went for miles. Then, off in the distance, a dense forest could just barely be seen.
Is that the Woodlands? was his first thought. It doesn’t look too far. Perhaps if I escape my captors, then I can make it home.
Due to his inexperience with the terrain, he did not understand that travelling over the mountains, through the valleys, and to the forest would be a long, exhausting journey. It was unlikely that a little nymph like him could make it far on his own.
“A sight for sore eyes,” Voinil remarked as they came around the mountain.
Neem had no idea what he was looking at. Plopped in the valley below was a vast amount of little structures. Beyond them were largem stone structures surrounded by four curved walls that backed into another, smaller mountain.
Is this the vampire kingdom? Neem thought in a bewildered manner.  Why do they live in stone and not below the trees? In fact, why are there no trees whatsoever? What kind of unnatural place is this?
“Isn’t it wonderful?” Kroven asked in a way that suggested he did not want an answer from the nymph.
Indeed, although the sight of Primye Dinastoro was usually a relieving experience, this time it was not. Now the vampire was reminded of the empty bedroom chamber he had to return to. He had managed to push away thoughts of his lover’s death during the hunt for Neem. In the end, he knew that the moment she screamed bloody murder as a phantom wolf devoured her would scar his mind. Their home had too many reminders of her past presence.
“We have been gone longer than expected and will return two short,” Voinil informed his companion. Glumness had swept over him as well. “I don’t know how we’ll explain that to the highnesses without coming off as incompetent.”
“Not incompetent. Rather, rash and arrogant. Explaining what happened with the faun should be enough. We all know those creatures are powerful beyond belief. We must admit that it would have been wiser to attack him more strategically or that we should have sent one ours back to gather reinforcements, but I doubt that this incident will have a severe impact on our reputations.”
“Yes, and I suppose we did capture them a tasty little blood slave, didn’t we?”
Neem felt a shiver run up his spine when Voinil turned back just to give him a sadistic glare. He still did not fully understand what a blood slave was, but the title had disturbing implications. 
The nymph had mixed feelings when they reached the bottom of the mountain. On one level, he was glad that they were no longer on the narrow path, but he also realised that he was that much closer to becoming a said blood slave.
All I want is the most painless death possible from these monsters. Surely that isn’t too much to ask?
His skin began to crawl. Hundreds of red eyes leered at him as they walked along a dirt road up to the large stone walls. Some vampires appeared to be intrigued by his appearance, while others were licking their lips—wishing they could get a taste of his blood.
The heavy doors groaned as the guards opened them. Beyond the archway was a cobblestone path with statues and flowers lining the sides. It was at this point that Voinil and Kroven dismounted their blood wolves. Neem was forced to follow suit when Kroven grabbed his leg and nearly caused him to fall off.
“Go to the cave,” Kroven commanded of his beast. Voinil did the same with a single ‘away’ gesture.
Neither beast looked pleased, even if they did follow orders. The cave was cold and cramped.
“Come along,” Kroven growled as he dragged Neem by his wrist through the courtyard.
“You’re holding my wrist too tight!” the nymph whimpered.
Kroven let out a laugh and tightened his grip. Neem was sure his hand was going to go numb soon due to lack of blood circulation.
The statues were all obviously of vampires, even if they were without skin tones. The fanged, sadistic smile they all wore was a dead giveaway.
“You’re late,” a guard remarked as they neared the steps of the largest building. “Very late.”
Kroven ignored the remark and, instead, made the gesture for the guards to get out of the way. Both guards drew the doors open and allowed the hunters and their prey through.
The interior of the building greatly intrigued the little nymph. A blood-red carpet led them all the way up to two large, wooden chairs where a pair of flamboyantly dressed people sat. The stained-glass window behind them depicted a naked, blue female happily bathing in a red river. Smaller windows to either side depicted similar things: vampires eating creatures, vampires drinking blood from goblets. All this strange imagery reminded him of the pictures in Dacen’s book.
Upon reaching the steps that led up to the thrones, Kroven and Voinil knelt with their heads down. Neem remained standing until Kroven forced him down as well. He let out a little grunt as his knees hit the hard ground.
“Hail King Klav III, successor King Klav II,” both hunters recited. “Hail Queen Svetzada, successor of Lord Svetalor.”
“Stand,” the King commanded. His low, cold tone sent shivers up the nymph’s spine.
“Two of your party are missing,” the Queen noted.
“Killed, Your Highness” Voinil solemnly explained. “There was a faun… we were underprepared.”
“A faun?” Klav asked, intrigued. “Where is the faun now?”
“The Ivy Mountains.”
“Oh,” the King huffed, the disappointment was obvious in his tone.
The Queen pointed her sharp red nail at Neem, making the little nymph cower.
“And what is this you bring to us?” she asked in a displeased manner.
“Although in comparison to the faun he is weak, his rich blood and power should suffice you,” Kroven explained while putting his hand on Neem’s shoulder.
“Does it talk?” the vampiress asked while looking Neem up and down.
Kroven glanced at Neem.
“Do you talk, nymph?”
The nymph nodded, but said nothing. He was afraid his voice would be squeaky and quiver if he tried to talk.
The Queen’s eyes squinted and she shook her head.
“I don’t like meals who talk.”
Neem swallowed nervously. They were discussing his impending death so calmly. He had never been in a situation where he felt more like an object than a living creature. Then again, vampires would have to become desensitised to the feelings of their ‘meals’ since they had to eat them. He could never be like them. In his eyes, only the heartless could kill a sentient creature.
King Klav III gestured for the nymph to come forward. King Klav III gestured for the nymph to step forward, but fear held him in place. He was certain that approaching the stately vampire would mean his death. However, a push from Kroven sent Neem stumbling up the steps He was saved from falling when the King put out his arm and allowed Neem to stable himself with it.
The hair on the back of his neck stood up as the King forced him to bend over slightly so that his blue lips could touch his neck. Neem yelped and instinctively tried to move away when two fangs pierced him, but the King held him still. The King released him after a few moments while continuing to savour the taste of nymph blood and judging whether or not the creature was a worthy meal.
Neem let out a small sob as he brought his hand to the two puncture wounds. Still, what was more horrifying was seeing his silver blood in the corner of the vampire’s mouth.
“He’s no faun, but he shall make a fine blood slave,” the King stated before licking his lips. He then glanced at the scar on the nymph’s side that was no longer covered by gauze. It had been removed by Voinil for better presentation. “I certainly hope that he hasn’t already been tainted by either of your fangs.”
“No, Your Highness,” Voinil quickly assured him. “We would never think to give you a tainted meal.”
“He was pierced by one of my arrows when I was hunting the faun,” Kroven elaborated.
The King looked intently at the scar for a few more seconds before nodding.
“Good, then you are to find my wife a voiceless meal. You may rest tonight, but begin the hunt at dawn.”
Both vampires nodded.
“Of course. Thank you, Your Highnesses,” they chorused before turning to leave.
Neem had mixed feelings about the hunters’ departure. He was glad to see them go, but at the same time, he would rather be with them than with the King. At least they did not eat him. There was no getting out of this situation, however. Guards were lined up all the way to the door and beyond. He was stuck in the vampire kingdom and he would die there—that he knew for sure.
The King and Queen both stood up. There were to be no more visitors today, and they could now continue with their daily routines.
“Take the blood slave to Rekou,” the King commanded of the guard closest to him. “She will prepare him properly for dinner tonight. He shall have the previous blood slave’s bedchambers.”
I’m going to die tonight, was Neem’s first thought as a guard came over and grabbed his wrist. The thought made his stomach feel uneasy due to stress. He would rather die instantly than have to count down the hours to his death.
Despite his fear of death, he couldn’t help but look around the castle as the guard dragged him down a large corridor. The tapestries depicted heroic looking vampires or animalistic creatures he had never seen before. He was also beginning to understand that there was a hierarchy within vampire society. The King and Queen were obviously at the top of the pyramid, as shown by their fancy wear. Just below them were other, fancily dressed people who did not wear crowns. Then the guards, then more plainly dressed people roaming the castle, and finally, the people in the littler homes beyond the castle walls. The only people he could not place were a few vampires who appeared to be doing chores. They wore the most revealing clothing, with a single line of red silk wrapping around their neck, flowing over their chest, and meeting again at their waist—where it was wrapped around again until one end covered both front and back in a loincloth-like manner. Neem was quite shocked to see matching scars on their backs that resembled symbols—branding. By comparison, this group dressed more like Neem than like all the other, fully-dressed vampires in the castle. Given their scars and depressed expressions, the nymph assumed they were somewhere near bottom of the hierarchy.
Neem and the guard eventually came to a small wooden door on the opposite side of the castle. A vampiress opened the door after the guard knocked twice. Neem noted that she wore the revealing, red garment he had seen a few others wearing. The only difference was that red lace was entwined in the braids that were draped over her shoulders and ended at her waist.
Perhaps she is slightly higher in the hierarchy than the other vampires who dress similarly? Neem considered. He knew that he could not make any absolute assumptions about this foreign culture, but his curiosity meant he wanted to learn more about them, even if it was likely that he would be dead by nightfall.
“Greetings,” she said to the guard with a small bow. She then glanced down at Neem with a surprised expression. “Is this creature a throwaway or proper blood slave?”
“This is King Klav’s new blood slave. He wants you to prepare him for dinner tonight. He is to be homed in the previous blood slave’s bedchamber.”
“Of course,” the vampiress said calmly with a small nod. 
Closing the door behind her, she put her hand on Neem’s back as the guard released him.
“I suppose it would be wise to have him disciplined if he is resistant,” the guard stated while looking down at the pitiful creature.
“I doubt that will be necessary,” she assured him. “I’ll get a guard if he puts up too much of a fuss.”
The guard nodded and then departed the same way he came.
Neem was confused by the reassuring look that the vampiress gave him. Her warm smile made much of his fear melt away. It was strange that she did not seem as evil as all the other vampires as he thought all vampires were evil. Then again, he had also thought all foreigners were evil until he met Dacen.
“Hello, little one, I am Rekou. What would you like me to call you?” she asked while leading him further down the corridor.
“Neem,” he murmured. She seemed nice, but he still remained sceptical and shy.
“Well, Neem, I have been asked to prepare you for the King’s dinner tonight.”
The nymph sighed.
“Does that mean he’s going to kill me tonight?”
“No,” the vampiress quickly assured him. “Our King just needs to drink a bit of your blood and that will keep him satiated for the next few days.”
Although relieved that he would not die tonight, the idea of having the King bite him again was quite unnerving.
“Why can’t vampires just eat fruit? Why do they have to hurt creatures?” he asked childishly.
Rekou looked away as she thought of an appropriate answer.
“I understand how you feel. You only eat plants, right?”
“Uh huh.”
“And the idea of drinking blood sounds really nasty to you?”
“Definitely!”
“Well, it’s the same for a vampire, except reversed. Eating plants would make me feel sick.”
Neem was not convinced by her explanation. How could something like fruit make anyone feel sick?
“But I don’t want to be a blood slave,” he murmured. “I didn’t ask to be brought here, so why should I have to let the King drink my blood?”
The vampiress put on an awkward smile, yet chose not to answer while they were in public. It was only when they entered a small bedroom that she finally gave him an answer:
“Nobody wants to be a slave, Neem. It’s not an option,” she gravely stated. “We are property of the highnesses. Nothing more.”
“Beings can’t be property,” the nymph rebutted while crossing his arms.
Rekou let out a small sigh.
“Maybe not where you come from, but it is different in Primye Dinastoro.”
Without another word on the matter, the vampiress went to a large chest below the window and started searching through it. Neem surveyed the room as she did so. Large metal bars could be seen through the glass. He had no idea what metal and glass were, but just by looking, he could tell that one was fragile while the other was sturdy. Trying to break the glass and escape would not be an option. The room itself was made of stone. It would have been barren had there not been a thin mattress and chest at the back. It was not exactly a terrible room… but Neem knew it was a prison.
“What is that on your back?” Neem asked while Rekou continued to sift through the contents of the chest. He noticed that she had the same scar all the other vampires dressed like her bore.
Rekou glanced back at him before closing the chest. She stood up and turned to face him, a long piece of red fabric in hand.
“It’s the mark of the slave,” she explained. “I’m like you.”
Neem tilted his head in confusion. They were not alike in the slightest.
“But… you’re a vampire. Why would vampires be slaves to other vampires?”
Rekou let out a laugh even though she did not seem amused.
“Depends on the vampire. If a vampire betrays the highnesses, then enslavement may be their punishment. If your parents owe a debt, they may sell their child into slavery. In my case, however, my kingdom was conquered, and the survivors were enslaved. Could you start undressing?”
Neem was quite surprised by the sudden change of topic, but complied. He felt no shame undressing in front of another being; there was nothing wrong with being naked in the forest.
“Why was your kingdom conquered?” he asked while carrying out her request and removing his loincloth.
“Disagreement led to war, and we lost,” Rekou explained before giving a shrug. “Been so long that I don’t even remember what the fighting was all about.”
By the time she finished talking, Neem was completely naked. She put out her free hand to take the clothing, yet the nymph was hesitant to hand them over to her.
“Where will they go?” he asked.
Rekou’s smile faded slightly.
“I will dispose of them. You won’t be allowed to wear it any more.”
Neem clutched them to his chest.
“But I want it.” He held up the shell that dangled off the neck accessory. “My friend gave this to me. It’s all I have from him and I don’t want to lose it.”
Rekou looked sympathetic. It was obvious that she knew the importance of holding onto memories. She had not been allowed to keep any mementos of her past life, and that had saddened her greatly on lonely nights when all she wanted was something to remind her of home.
“You can’t keep it all. However, we may be able to hide the shell so that it doesn’t get thrown away,” she whispered. It was unlikely that anyone beyond the door would be able to hear them, but she would not risk it.
Neem smiled and tugged the shell off the neck accessory before handing it to her. She reopened the chest and lifted up some of the fabric to place the shell underneath before closing the chest again.
“You mustn’t let it be found,” she warned him. “We will both be punished if that happens.”
“Never,” he reassured her.
Her warm smile returned as she passed him the red fabric. Neem looked down at the garment with confusion.
“I don’t know how to put it on.”
Rekou laughed.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “I will help you get dressed, but first you have to be washed. King Klav III likes perfectly clean blood slaves.”
It has been a few weeks since I’ve washed, Neem realised as he ran has hand through his hair, feeling the buildup of grease and dirt. The last time I actually got in the water was when I accidently fell in. 
Yes, Neem was being washed because a vampire wants to drink his blood, but he was getting clean nonetheless.
“All right,” he finally replied after trying to rub the grease off his hand and onto his leg. “How far away is the river?”
Rekou laughed.
“Too far.”
“Any ponds nearby, then?”
“No. You will bathe in a tub.”
Neem scowled. He had no idea what a tub was, but the idea of washing in anything but a river or pond was preposterous.
He began to feel uncomfortable about his nudity when they went out into the corridor again. Vampires looked down at him and smirked before quietly remarking something to whoever they were with. He did not understand what was so funny.  Most of them had probably seen another naked being before. It was not as if he had anything different from other males.
Or maybe I do, he realised while glancing quickly down at his groin. Perhaps vampire sex organs are different and therefore, mine are foreign to them.
Although a possibility, it was not the case in this situation. The vampires were laughing at him simply because he was naked in public, and that was considered humiliating.
“Discard of these,” Rekou requested as she passed Neem’s garments to another vampire in the corridor.
“Of course, Rekou,” the vampire said while nodding before scurrying off. Neem watched him go and saw the same marking branded onto his back as well.
“He is a slave as well?” he asked.
“Yes. Enslaved due to his father’s treason,” Rekou explained.
“Will… will I have to get that scar too?”
The vampiress did not reply instantly. Instead, she looked away from Neem and thought about how to properly phrase her words.
“Well, yes,” she finally replied. “But only after the King has his dinner tonight, so do not think about it too much right now.”
Her words did not comfort him. Now the impending branding was all he could think about.
“How badly does it hurt?” he asked fearfully while jogging to keep up with her. Her longer legs made it difficult for him to keep an equal pace to her.
“Quite a lot,” the vampiress admitted. “But I will heal you, so it should only hurt badly for a day or so.”
“And I have no chance of avoiding all of this?”
Rekou smiled in a manner that expressed pity for the little nymph.
“Afraid not,” she murmured before they came to some steps.
Neem was confused when they finally reached the washroom. The tin tub did not look very appealing to bathe in. What was worse was all the strange soaps and oils Rekou scrubbed into his hair and body. He much preferred bathing naturally in a river and could not understand why vampires were so fussy with all the extra cleaning products.
“I smell funny,” he grumbled while sitting with his knees drawn to his chest in the little tub.
“You smell good,” Rekou assured him as she ran a comb through his wet hair.
“I don’t smell like myself.”
“That’s probably a good thing.”
The nymph looked back to scowl at her before both started to giggle. Only once they had both calmed down did Neem finally have the courage to ask her about something that had been troubling him: “May I ask you something?”
“Uh huh.”
“What happened to the last blood slave?”
Rekou stopped combing his hair. She then moved her stool so that she could see his face.
“They were drained,” she replied coldly.
“Drained?” he questioned in a fearful manner. Being drained did not sound good.
“She was barely holding on by that point. Very little life and power left in her. The King drank a little too much during his dinner and her heart stopped beating.”
“That’s going to happen to me!” Neem squeaked in a panicked manner.
Rekou put a hand on his shoulder. She was obviously trying to comfort him, but the look in her eyes suggested that he was right to be afraid.
“I’m going to prolong your life as much as possible,” she promised. “I’m going to make sure you’re well-fed and healthy so that the King’s weekly dinners don’t drain you dry.”
“Did you promise the last blood slave the same thing?”
Rekou bit her lip.
“Yes,” she began cautiously. “But I’m coming to realise that she may have intentionally made herself weak so that the King would accidently drain her.”
Neem’s ears perked up.
“I found that she had started hiding her meals in the chest,” she further explained. “And the water in her waste bucket wasn’t urine… just normal water. She dehydrated and starved herself. That’s why she was so easily drained.”
“That’s awful,” Neem stated solemnly. He could not imagine being that miserable.
“But none of that will happen to you,” the vampiress assured him again. “I’ll keep you as healthy and happy as possible.”
He knew that Rekou was doing her best to keep him calm, but he had developed a sick feeling in his stomach. If being a blood slave made creatures miserable to the point of suicide, then it was the last thing he wanted to be.
I must get out of here, Neem realised. Escaping had always been his desire ever since he was captured, yet he now knew things were going to become far worse than he had imagined.
“Leave it be, Neem,” Rekou finally said. The nymph kept trying to readjust the red garment she had dressed him in.
Neem pulled at the fabric wrapped around his neck one more time before huffing. It was not too tight as to make breathing difficult, it was just uncomfortable.
“I miss my old clothes,” he muttered more to himself than to the vampiress.
“It was barely clothing,” Rekou said with a laugh. “Just a few strings and beads, really.”
“Better than this,” he rebutted while pulling on the fabric around his neck again.
“You will get used to it.”
“I don’t want to get used to it. I want to leave and dress however I want!”
“Hush!”
They both stopped walking as the vampiress crouched down in order to look him properly in the eyes.
“You can talk like that with me when we’re in private, but you may be punished if you say things like that in front of other vampires. Understand?”
Neem scowled. He did not understand why he was being treated like he was in the wrong even though the vampires had enslaved him.
“So what’s happening now?” he finally asked when they continued walking. He realised he had been following her this whole time without any clue of where they were going.
“I’m going to take you to your bedroom and then go grab you a meal so that you’re well-fed by tonight when the King dines.”
The nymph swallowed anxiously. Having the King drink his blood sounded quite painful.
“How long will it be before the King is full?” he asked, hoping that it would only be mere minutes.
“It depends,” Rekou replied in an un-assuring manner. “He feasted about three days ago on a throwaway. However, he has not had a proper blood slave for a while, so he may take a little longer than usual tonight.”
“Blast,” the nymph muttered. “Wait, what’s a throwaway?”
Before she answered, Rekou opened the door to Neem’s room and allowed him to enter first before following.
“A throwaway is, well, a temporary blood slave,” she explained while closing the door. Her tone suggested that she was very uncomfortable discussing the topic. “An example of a throwaway would be something like a bird: hardly magical and supplies little blood in comparison to a proper blood slave. Throwaways are what most of us have to survive on because either we cannot afford to buy and maintain a blood slave or, in my case, a slave can’t own another slave.”
“Would you own a blood slave if you could?” Neem asked in an accusing manner. His perception of her would forever be altered if she was at all tolerant of slavery.
Rekou seemed to sense this as shown by her face becoming a paler shade of blue.
“I need to eat, Neem,” she stated defensively. “Having one blood slave rather than hundreds of throwaways saves lives.”
“Well maybe we wouldn’t have this problem if you vampires didn’t exist!”
Neem bit his tongue upon the final word leaving his mouth. He did not like offending people, and that was exactly what he was doing. Rekou, much to his surprise, remained expressionless. She was too used to being insulted by this point to care about one blood slave’s opinion.
“You can hate vampires all you want, but at the end of the day, you have to question the Grand Creator,” she informed him. “He designed us to be atop the hierarchy of animals. Other beings were put on Efenta simply as nourishment for us. Well… that’s what they say at least.”
 “Wait, are you talking about Daemonis or, um, Baka-something?”
“Bakadeus?” Rekou laughed. “Bakadeus and Daemonis are not vampire deities. Avsebaug is our Grand Creator and the vampire race is his magnum opus.”
I certainly hope this Avsebaug designed you because the Nature Goddess certainly didn’t.
“I’ll be right back with your dinner,” the vampiress stated after a few moments of silence. “No meat, right?”
“Of course,” Neem replied while nodding furiously.
Rekou’s smile was pitiful as she looked down at the nymph one last time before leaving the room. It was obvious that their polarising diets would deny them a proper friendship. She understood Neem’s point about not enslaving other creatures to be food, but if vampires were to stop feasting, then they would become extinct. Mothers, fathers, children, all would have to starve to death if they rejected their natural diet.
With the vampiress gone, Neem went to the window and pressed his hand to the glass. He knew very little about glass, but it appeared to be an easily breakable material.  He figured he was just small enough that he could squeeze through the two heavy bars on the other side of the glass, but his biggest problem was height. Looking down, the room was quite a fair distance away from the ground. Would he survive if he jumped from the window? Maybe. If he did survive, however, there was an even stronger chance that he would be severely injured upon impact with the ground and, therefore, would be unable to get away. And all of this was ignoring the fact that there were guards stationed all across the walls who would probably spot him.
I will find another way to escape, he vowed.
That strange feeling returned to Neem’s stomach once Rekou led him into a dark room only illuminated by a few flickering candles. He knew it was not good when he noticed the four chains attached to the legs of the table. He had no idea how a vampire feast went, but it was easy to assume the chains were there for him.
“Remain calm,” the vampiress whispered, obviously sensing his anxiety. “Everything will be fine. I’ll be just outside during the whole thing. All we need to do right now is remove your garment and get you on the table.”
“I don’t like this,” Neem admitted. “Why do I have to lie naked on that thing?”
“Civilised beings eat their meals at the table… and you’re the meal, so you’re on said table.”
Goddess, please let this end soon, he pleaded internally. He already knew this was going to be an excruciating experience.
The nymph’s little heart skipped a beat when the door opened. In stepped King Klav III, followed by two other vampires. He now only wore a long purple tunic. Still a flamboyant ensemble, but not in comparison to the outfit he had worn while sitting on the throne.
His red eyes scanned Neem up and down before becoming fixated on the previous puncture marks he had left in the white flesh.
“Rekou, out. Slave, get on the table,” he commanded bluntly.
“Yes, my King,” the vampiress replied with a bow before strolling towards the door. She glanced back at the nymph once with sympathetic eyes and then was gone.
The nymph somehow felt more exposed once on the heavy wooden table. A chandelier hung just above him, pouring its light down onto him alone while allowing the three vampires in the room to lurk in the shadows.
“Rekou feed you well tonight?” the King asked nonchalantly while one of the other vampires tied a square piece of white fabric around his neck in order to cover his front. 
Neem gave no answer. He never wanted to have a comfortable relationship with this vampire. He had been stolen and enslaved, and the King could not think he was okay with that. 
He let out a surprise yelp when a hand came out of the darkness and grabbed his ear, wrenching it harshly.
“You answer me when I ask you a question,” the vampire snarled.
“Yes!” the nymph squealed when his ear was firmly tugged again.
“Yes what?”
“Yes, Rekou fed me!”
He let out a small sigh of relief when King Klav III relinquished his ear. However, fear returned to him when the vampire allowed his blue hand to trail down from his face to his chest in a gentle, sensual manner. It took all of Neem’s willpower to resist the urge to swat the hand away—he did not like think King touching him like that.
“Now,” the King began while pulling his hand away. “Are you going to allow me to feast in peace or will you have to be restrained and gagged?”
Neem did not want to answer, but he remembered the ear incident and quickly replied: “I’ll be good.”
“Excellent,” the vampire said with a smile, baring his fangs. “Then rest on your elbows and turn your head away from me.”
The nymph complied, but feeling the King’s breath on his neck was too much. He wanted to push the blood-sucker away and run for the door, yet he forced himself to remain still.
His hands balled into fists as the vampire punctured his neck for the second time that day. This bite was worse than the previous one as King Klav ensured his teeth sunk all the way in.
It took a few minutes for the nymph to realise that it was not just his blood being sucked out of him; his natural healing powers did not seem to be taking effect among other things. Neem could not place what else was wrong with him at that moment, yet there was something just… off. It was as if his soul was slowly being drained from his body along with his blood.
“You may relax,” the King finally said after many minutes, dabbing his mouth with the white cloth around his neck.
Neem allowed himself to take the weight off his elbows and forearms as he collapsed on the table. Staying it that same position for minutes on end was not exactly comfortable, and it was quite exhausting when accompanied with having his life essence drained. Despite the circumstances, Neem felt like he could happily drift off to sleep after the King’s feasting. He was so tired that he was not even sure if his feet would be able to carry him back to the bedchamber.
The King untied the bloodied cloth around his neck and passed it to one of the other vampires in the room. The second servant went to the door and opened it. Rekou slipped in at that moment. Although her eyes appeared to be glued to the little nymph, she did not go straight for him and, rather, stood to the side of the door as to not obstruct the King’s departure.
“Sturdy little thing,” King Klav III remarked while strolling to the door followed by the servant. “He should be able to handle the branding.” He then almost stepped through the door before hesitating and turning to the vampiress. “Oh, and after you’ve returned the blood slave to his bedchambers… come to mine.”
“Yes, my King,” Rekou replied quietly while avoiding eye contact.
The nymph, however, did not hear this part of the conversation. His thoughts had been preoccupied ever since the word “branding” was mentioned in passing. He had managed to push his imminent branding out of his mind during the King’s dinner, but now that feeling of dread had returned.
“Let’s get you cleaned up,” Rekou said once the King and his two servants were gone.
“That was horrible,” Neem pouted while clasping his bloodied neck.
“I know,” the vampiress replied sympathetically as she came out of the darkness with a small bucket and bandage.
For some reason the sight of the little white roll of fabric made the nymph think of Dacen. He thought about how the faun had parted the river, thrown fire at the hunter, and then bandaged him up.
If the Goddess can’t save me then maybe Dacen can, he concluded as Rekou dabbed the puncture wounds with the wet sponge, causing him to wince. He is very powerful. Definitely more powerful than any of the blood-suckers here. If only there was a way to get news of my capture to him.
“You’re doing great,” the vampiress stated sincerely, instantly bringing the nymph out of his thoughts and back into reality. “You just have to get through the branding, and then you’ll be free to relax for the following few days.”
“Why do I have to be branded,” Neem whined. “Isn’t having my blood sucked and wearing the silly outfit enough?”
Rekou sighed as she helped him dress. He was not as easy to clothe now due to his exhaustion and unwillingness to assist her.
“The King has ordered it and so it must be done,” she said, bluntly, once he was fully dressed.
“I don’t like the King,” he murmured.
Rekou’s eyes widened. The nymph was quite shocked when her hand slapped onto his mouth.
“You mustn’t speak like that,” the vampiress hissed. “You will get hurt if you speak foully of the King.”
“I’m already going to be hurt! He bit my neck and I’m about to get a bad scar. What more could possibly be done to me?”
“You don’t want an answer to that question,” the vampiress warned him. “A bite mark and burn scar? That’s nothing. The first time you disobey the King he will break you. Your body, your spirit, all of it. It doesn’t matter to him if you don’t like your situation. You don’t have a right to your own body and opinions any more. They are all his. Fight that and he’ll make sure you pray for death.”
Neem was shaken by the severity of Rekou’s answer. It gave him the strong sense that she knew from personal experience how painful the King’s punishments could be. 
Pain or not, I won’t be obedient for a vampire who’s taken me away from my home and sucked my blood.
The nymph had to clasp Rekou’s arm when he stepped away from the table. He felt incredibly light-headed and unable to keep himself steady.
“Do you need me to carry you?” the vampiress suggested. 
He had to look her up and down for a few seconds. Due to his exhaustion, he would have preferred to not exert any energy, but Rekou looked quite frail herself.
“I’ll be fine,” he assured her.
It took a minute for Neem to reach the door. He tried to make it on his own, but he had to clasp the vampiress every time he stumbled.
“Surely the branding can wait till tomorrow when I am able to stand on my own two feet?” the nymph huffed as Rekou opened the door while simultaneously keeping a firm grip on his shoulder—she had to ensure he did not faul.
“The King said it has to happen tonight, and it will. I’m sorry, Neem.”
The nymph accepted her apology with a nod but chose to avoid eye contact. The vampiress appeared well-intentioned to him, yet she also had to obey the King—even if that meant taking him to be branded. He wondered whether or not they could have a more positive relationship if she did not have to take orders… or drink the blood of the innocent.
Neem inhaled deeply as Rekou led him into the bowels of the castle. Although he had not been able to look through any windows, the sudden shift to cold, stale air suggested they were below surface level. This became more evident as the ground transitioned from smooth surfaces to uneven stone. They were more or less walking through an underground cave system, only lit by the candles attached to the walls every several metres. Neem, of course, stumbled due to the uneven surface and insufficient lighting, but Rekou did not seem to struggle with the darkness and kept him steady for the most part.
“Have you ever tried to escape?” Neem asked the vampiress. However, he instantly bit lip as his words echoed through the tunnel.
“Hush!” Rekou hissed. “We will discuss anything you want later, but right now, we must get your branding done.”
A wave of heat blew over Neem as the vampiress pulled open a large, metal door at the end of the tunnel. His situation became all too real as numerous blacksmiths stared him down through their pitch black goggles. Although all of them were intimidating, the one that stood out the most was the one holding a long, metal stick in blazing furnace—and that was the one Rekou was leading him towards.
“A new blood slave, I see,” the massive vampire mumbled through the rag around his face. “In need of branding I assume. I was warned you’d be arriving tonight. The branding iron’s just about ready.”
“Yes,” Rekou agreed while firmly squeezing the nymph’s shoulder. “That’s why we’re here.”
Beads of sweat began to form on Neem’s brow. Maybe it was the heat of the room or maybe it was the fear he suddenly felt, but it was probably both.
Why does this have to happen?
“Perhaps we should restrain him,” the blacksmith suggested as he pulled the branding iron out of the fiery pit.
The nymph nearly fainted when he saw the glowing end of metal stick. He had never known heat strong enough to make something as sturdy as metal turn fiery red.
“I think he’ll be fine,” Rekou reassured the vampire before looking down at the little nymph. “Neem, why don’t you put your hands on the wall over there?”
Neem’s arms trembled as he complied and pressed his hands against the warm stone walls. The pain caused by the arrow in his side was going to be nothing in comparison to the agony he was about to feel. To his side, Rekou stood, looking pitifully at him. The memories of her own branding were coming back. It was awful, painful beyond belief, yet it still was not the worst memory she had while in service to King Klav III.
Goddess, if you’re real, I beg of you to help me. I’ll do anythi–
The pain struck him like a bolt of lightning and he was unable to form cognitive thought. The nymph was unable to finish his internal plead as the searing metal was pressed into his back. He let out a shrill scream before crumpling up on the ground. The fiery pain remained even though the branding iron was no longer touching him. After a few moments, he glanced up at both vampires with watery eyes. Rekou looked sympathetic. The blacksmith, however, simply shrugged before tossing the branding iron in a bucket to his side. There was a hissing sound, and steam started to rise out of the tin bucket as soon as the hot metal hit the water.
Save me. Please… please save me, Neem begged internally, over and over again, as he tried to cope with the pain. By this point he had no idea who he was praying to come and save him. Anyone. Goddess, Dacen, anyone.
He resisted when the vampiress crouched down and put her arms around him. She had brought him here knowing full well that he would be hurt—he could not trust her.
“You did well,” she whispered calmly. “So well. Would you like a nice cold bath before you go to bed? It’ll help with the burning pain.”
Rekou did not ask him if he could stand. She just scooped him up in her arms and stood up. Had Neem been of sound mind in that moment, then he would have been surprised by the vampiress’ strength. She did not tremble once as she carried him out of lower levels of the castle and back to the washroom.
The icy water was quite refreshing after what he had been through. The pain had dulled, but still remained present, like the lump left by a bee sting—but this was far more painful than any bee sting.
“I want to see it,” Neem finally said after coming to his senses in the metal tub.
Rekou raised both eyebrows in confusion.
“See what?”
“The scar. I want to see what’s been done to me.”
The vampiress jeered.
“How could you see it? It’s on your back.”
“Take me to a pond. I’ll be able to look back and see it in the reflection.”
Rekou raised her eyebrows.
“You have a reflection?”
“Uh… yes,” he replied in a confused manner.  “Do you not?”
The vampiress shook her head.
“No vampire has a reflection. Avsebaug ensured no imitation versions of ourselves could ever be seen. We are the true and the only.”
Neem was not convinced by her answer. However their little discussion did manage to take his mind off the pain of his back briefly. He had figured all creatures of Efenta had reflections. In the Woodlands, a being’s reflection was a way for them to look at themselves and into their own souls. Maybe that was why vampires did not have reflections—maybe they had no souls.
“But I saw the…,” he had to pause to figure out how to explain the vampire images he saw on the stained-glass images. Unable to think of a way to explain them, he instead thought of what he had seen in the courtyard: “… shaped rock figures. The ones that look like you people. Aren’t they an imitation?”
“The statues?” the vampiress asked.
Neem shook his head even though he didn’t know what a ‘statue’ was. 
“You’re right. There are paintings, statues, and other forms of art that show vampires, but you must learn the difference between imitation and representation.”
Neem had absolutely no idea what that meant.
“But you didn’t answer my question earlier,” he said in order to change the topic. “Have you ever tried to escape?”
Rekou sighed in a solemn manner. 
“We don’t have to talk about it,” Neem quickly added. 
“I have tried multiple times, and all it got me was pain,” she told him icily. “I know right now you think attempting to escape is the best thing to do, but it’s not. You will fail and you will be punished.”
Her warning did not faze the nymph. He was going to try and get away as soon as there was an opening.
“Has anyone ever successfully escaped?”
The vampiress shrugged indifferently.
“I have no clue. It doesn’t matter.”
You’re right, Neem thought while nodding along. I will either be one of dozens to escape or the very first. Either way I will get out of here.

Eleven
“Do you know what necromancy is…? Apprentice!”
Dacen’s head quickly snapped in the direction of Daefortis. The hybrid had been in a daze after many nights of restless sleep. He could never recall the dreams, but they all followed a similar pattern. Somebody, somewhere, was suffering and completely miserable. The dreams were almost like an out-of-body experience, except with no imagery, just the feelings of the unknown being. Dacen knew they could not be his emotions. He had been feeling quite cheerful recently now that he was an apprentice. 
“Sorry,” he mumbled groggily while rubbing his eyes. “I didn’t sleep very well last night.”
“Again?” Daefortis sighed. “Remind me tonight to give you a vial of paxe morpha. The likelihood is that you’ve, somehow, telepathically latched onto the emotions of some creature near the Ivy Mountains. That’s what’s probably disturbing you, but the paxe morpha should help dull the link.”
Dacen cocked an eyebrow, intrigued.
“I can really link telepathically with a random creature?”
“Of course,” the Master lied. He knew very well that fauns could only link emotionally to beings they cared deeply for, but he would not tell Dacen that. Fauns were not meant to care for any beings of different species, so the hybrid had to sever emotional ties to any creature who was not a faun.
“Now I will ask again: do you know what necromancy is?”
“It’s communicating with spirits, isn’t it?”
“Partly, yes. However, it can be so much more. There were faun necromancers long ago, in the time when Daemonis walked the earth.” The old faun took a seat across from Dacen and opened his hand to reveal a winged insect—a moth. Much to Dacen’s surprise, the creature did not fly away upon being released onto the wooden table. He soon realised its wings were torn. “Necromancers were the epitome of great power. Yes, they could speak with the dead, but they could also revive the deceased and make themselves immortal. Daemonis was forced to destroy the necromancers when hubris consumed them. They thought themselves gods… and even thought they were more powerful than the Father.” 
Dacen winced as the old faun smacked his fist on the table, killing the insect instantly. 
“They were wrong, of course,” Daefortis continued with a chuckle. “And Daemonis swore that he would never grant fauns the power of necromancy again.”
The hybrid nodded even though he did not understand the relevance to anything he had been taught in the past few weeks. Only yesterday, he had his nose in a book about speeding up the growth of produce.
“You are not a faun,” the old faun murmured more to himself than to Dacen as he stared intently at the twitching, dead moth. He then quickly snapped out of his state and stood up. “I have no access to books on necromancy. Daemonis made sure those were destroyed as well, but I have a little task for you today: resurrect the moth. If you do, I shall reward you with something I know you want.”
It took the hybrid a moment to process everything Daefortis had said. Why on earth did the older man think a mongrel like him would be able to resurrect the dead? He did not think he was more powerful than a faun, let alone powerful enough to bring even something as trivial as a moth back to life. The deranged, greedy look in his master’s eyes suggested that the older faun was not having the same stream of thoughts. The younger man had no idea what he was thinking, but Daefortis must have seen something that he did not.
“And what would my reward be?” he asked in a nonchalant manner despite the fact he truly doubted that he would be able to bring the moth back to life.
“You will know when that thing is flying around the den,” the old faun replied while gesturing to the squished moth.
Dacen looked around the room once before sighing.
“I must be honest: even if I had access to a necromancer’s book, I doubt I have the ability to resurrect the dead. I mean, if you can’t do it, then what chance do I have? I’m an inexperienced cross-breed.”
A small smile spread across Daefortis’ face.
“I believe being a mutt will give you an advantage.”
With the snap of his bony fingers, the door across the room opened. Daefortis started clopping across the room before turning back once.
“I am merely testing your magical abilities. There is no shame in not being able to accomplish this task… just no reward. Take as long as you need. Hours, days, weeks… as long as you need. Perhaps the books in the library can aid you, but I doubt it. We may not have the ingredients required for such magic, but we can retrieve them once you know what you want. Farewell, Apprentice.”
With that, he was gone.
Dacen raised both eyebrows out of suspicion. Had there been any indication that he had the power to revive the dead? No. Was Daefortis just going on a hunch? Probably.
He slumped back in his chair. There was no rush to get started when he had all the time in the world. That, and he had no idea where to start.
No books, no teacher, no clue.
His mind quickly trailed away from the idea of necromancy, and instead, he pondered what his possible ‘reward’ could be for reviving the dead moth. The Master and Apprentice did not know much about each other, so how could Daefortis possibly know what he wanted? Dacen had no idea what he wanted himself. He thought he had wanted to be accepted by fauns, and he was quite happy to be an apprentice, but somewhere deep below the surface he knew that he was not as satisfied as he had hoped to be.
“You must fix the body before you can fix the spirit.”
The hybrid nearly fell out of his seat as he turned to look at whoever was talking. The feminine voice suggested that it was not Daefortis. In the doorway, stood Taonhi Chay, looking less than amused.
Why is she here? The Meeting of the Thirteen Masters ended weeks ago.
“Hello,” he murmured awkwardly.
Taonhi Chay nodded, but she was not there to make casual conversation and got straight to the point: “Heal the body first. A soul can’t return to a squished corpse, can it?”
At first Dacen had no idea what the female faun was talking about, then he looked back down at the dead moth and realised.
“Oh,” he exclaimed. “All right… I thought fauns didn’t know anything about necromancy?”
“I don’t,” Taonhi Chay agreed. “I just have common sense.”
Dacen was given no time to refute. The faun had already left. He sat and stared intently at the dead moth for a few minutes before finally standing up and going to the library to retrieve a book about healing. Fixing the body was a start, but he still had no idea where to go after that.
Although he maintained a lull expression, Daefortis was just as surprised to see the female faun as she entered his study. He had placed a charm on the crystal ball to ensure not just anybody could teleport into his domain as a safety measure. Then again, Taonhi Chay was not just anybody.
“Necromancy,” the female faun scoffed. “I heard you speak of it across thousands of miles. You know very well it is taboo to discuss faunkind’s necromantic history. We are still repenting for our ancestor’s mistakes.”
“I’m aware of that,” the old faun grumbled while intertwining his fingers on top of the table. “Our past is just as much his past. He has a right to know about the dark days of the fauns.”
Taonhi Chay nodded along despite the fact she appeared sceptical.
“And asking him to perform necromancy is part of your plan to teach him about our past?” she hissed. “Do you want to be struck down the Father?”
“I have done no wrong. I’m not the one attempting to practice necromancy,” he explained while wearing a malicious smile. “If Daemonis kills anyone for practicing necromancy, it shall be the abomination.”
“The Father is smart enough to know the mongrel is your puppet.”
Daefortis shrugged indifferently.
“Such criticism from a doe who, herself, is aiding the mongrel. Tell me, do you not think the Father will notice your participation as well? Why help him?”
She did not look dismayed.
“I am a teacher. I will always do what I can to aid an apprentice.”
“Lies!” he said with a gleeful hoot. “You are just like me: you want to know. You want to know if he has these powers.”
There was silence. Daefortis stroked his beard down to the tie of the braid.
“You may act pious, Master Taonhi Chay, but the Father can see into your devious, curious heart. That is, if you think he still watches.”
The doe gave a pompous chuckle and shook her head.
“Telling the hybrid the most basic thing: that fixing a body is the place to start, is hardly an impious act.”
“Whatever you say, whatever you say,” he trailed off.
“I doubt he even has necromantic abilities,” Daemonis continued after another few moments of silence. “I am just curious about the extent of his power and if it truly does surpass our own. If so, there will be no doubt that the Father has chosen a new race to be his disciples. The more we learn about my apprentice the more we learn about Daemonis’ grand plan for these mongrels.”
“It is very possible that he doesn’t have the power of necromancy,” Taonhi Chay agreed, still sounding sceptical. “But you and I both know he does. Death rests in the very core of his soul, waiting. It’s a matter of why he has necromantic abilities. There is no need to test his power. Power over life and death means he could destroy any of us fauns who challenge him.”
Yes, Daefortis thought. And I am the one who controls this powerful mongrel.
The female faun let out an exasperated sigh.
“You think you can control him, don’t you? The mongrel can’t even control himself! You saw him when he sucked the life out of that other faun. That being of darkness was not your apprentice. That was a darker force channelling itself through the mongrel, and you have no control over it. It is the necromancer, and it will destroy you. I only pray that no faun beyond you is harmed in the melee that will unfold when the darkness within your apprentice reveals itself again.”
“The mongrel and his inner power are not two separate entities,” the old faun calmly explained. “He has a dark side and a light side… like the moon. Control the light and you control the dark.”
Taonhi Chay shook her head out of pity.
“Your arrogance will be the death of you. We know what he is now. We know what he’s capable of. We cannot let him know what he’s capable of. He must be controlled.”
“It is better he learns what he is now while his mind is still susceptible to our influence. He will find out what he truly is one way or another. Attempting to conceal the truth will only make him despise us… and we don’t want that.”
“So then you haven’t already told him what he is?”
Daefortis shook his head.
“Of course not. He has been my apprentice for such a brief amount of time. It shall be years before he learns the truth. By the time he knows what he is… he will already be my fully compliant apprentice.”
The female faun put both her hands on the table and stared down Daefortis in an authoritative manner. 
“The Council permitted him to be my apprentice,” Daefortis explained while maintaining firm eye-contact with Taonhi Chay. “That fact remains.”
“So it does,” the female faun agreed. She then leaned in closer. “But if I ever sense the slightest inkling of rebelliousness or hubris in that half-breed, then I will destroy him and you along with all the other blasted mongrels scattered across Efenta. I will not hesitate.”
Daefortis was unwavered by her threat.
“How can you kill he who controls death?” he averred.
“I’ll find a way, I assure you.”
The faun let out a laugh despite the fact he took her threat seriously. Taonhi Chay was one of the few fauns who could defeat him.
Taonhi Chay finally stepped away from the table after a long, tense silence.
“Have a pleasant evening,” she hissed insincerely. “Be wary that I shall be monitoring the mongrel’s progress.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything less.”
“And also be wary that the Masters will need to hold another Meeting, should it be proven that your apprentice is a necromancer.”
“Of course.”
The female’s eyes narrowed one last time before she left Daefortis to work in peace. He did not need to see her out as he was positive she was heading straight back to the orb rather than wandering around.  Taonhi Chay was not one to linger.
Rather than getting straight back to work, Daefortis contemplated their discussion. Having a necromancer on the side of faunkind could be quite a valuable asset, however, the consequences of having Dacen betray them could be dire.
Maintain control of the mongrel’s mind, the old faun told himself. Control him and you control his power.
Daefortis let out a small chuckle.
Who knows? Perhaps we are wrong and he isn’t a necromancy. That would certainly make everything easier… but what’s the fun in easy?
* * *
Dacen was bewildered when he came to and noticed a moth fluttering about before his eyes. He had not been aware of the fact that he had fallen asleep. Then again, drifting off to sleep in the middle of the day had become a more frequent occurrence as his restless nights continued. The medicine Daefortis had prescribed him a few days ago was not sufficiently effective, so he continued to wake up bearing the emotions of whatever creature he had telepathically latched onto. Luckily, they were not as distressed any more, they seemed to just be somber and in pain every now and then. The hybrid wondered what kind of creature he must have latched onto if all it felt was sad and hurt.
That did not matter at the moment, however. Right now he wondered how the moth had come back to life in the time he had been asleep. He had been trying to resurrect the little thing for almost a week now, and after the first two days, he had mentally given up.
I didn’t fall asleep, he realised as he watched the moth flutter about. I blacked out… just like I did when I killed that Apprentice. Yet I still have no idea how I brought the moth back to life. An odd thought struck him: That is… if I’m the one who actually resurrected the insect. You’d think I would have some recollection of cheating death.
Two things happened instantaneously: the door swung open, and the moth dropped to the floor—dead. Dacen looked back and forth between Daefortis in the archway and the insect. He suddenly got the horrid feeling that he had just hallucinated the previous few minutes and that the moth had been dead the whole time. However, Daefortis’ delighted expression suggested otherwise.
“Did… did you actually resurrect the little thing?” the old faun asked in the calmest voice he could muster.
Dacen looked back down at the dead insect—had he brought it back to life? He could not be sure. The whole situation felt so surreal. Never in his life had he ever considered that he could have the ability to revive the dead. Death was meant to be permanent, how could anyone tamper with it?
“I’m not sure,” he admitted, not taking his eyes off the moth. “I’m afraid my memory is unreliable.”
The old faun clopped over to the moth and pinched its small body before holding it up to examine it.
“It may have been a farce,” Dacen added.  A part of him hoped that he did not have necromantic abilities. The implications were too much for him to handle. “For all we know, I just threw the thing out of frustration.”
“It was alive,” Daefortis affirmed in a cold manner.
“How can you be sure?” the younger faun asked. He had no reason to believe it himself.
“I just stole the memories from its final moments. It was flying. The soul was there, briefly, but it dissipated as quickly as it infested the body.”
So it was alive.
Dacen could not get the concept to settle in. It did not seem possible. Then another thought struck him: “Why did it die again?”
Daefortis shrugged indifferently and allowed the insect to fall to the floor.
“It’s a lesser being. Their simple bodies cannot handle such dark magic. Even using mind control on an insect will cause rapid deterioration. That, and we can assume you need much more practice in order to properly revive the dead.”
I’m not sure I want to practice any more necromancy.
The younger faun became very unnerved as a wicked smile spread across his master’s face.
“Do you recall how we removed the heart of one of your vampire assailants?”
“Yes,” Dacen replied before swallowing. His throat suddenly felt dry.
How could I forget?
“We have not tampered with the body of the vampiress, have we?”
“No,” the Apprentice murmured while looking down. “Master, I’m quite tired from resurrecting one creature today… and I don’t even know how I did it. Perhaps we should wait a while before attempting to revive another being?”
Daefortis’ face went stone-cold. He was like a child who had just been told that playtime was over.
“And we must figure out how you were able to conjure up a necromantic spell.”
“We’re in no rush,” Dacen stated defensively.
The old faun suddenly felt ten times taller as he clopped over to the table and stared the Apprentice down.
“Perhaps you’re not in a rush now that you have the ability to be practically immortal, but the rest of us don’t have that privilege!”
Is that what he wants? Does he want me to make him immortal? Dacen pondered as he maintained eye contact with his master. That moth only lasted a few seconds, there’s no way I could immortalise a full-fledged faun… and I don’t want to.
“Wait,” he stated when finally remembered their last conversation. “You said I would be rewarded for resurrecting the moth. What is my reward?”
The old faun’s scowl slowly formed into a sadistic smile.
“I did, didn’t I?” he pondered aloud. “Well, I suppose it’s only fair that I fulfil my promise and reward you.”
Dacen nodded along. He really could not care less about what his was reward was. He was merely trying to take his master’s mind off necromancy.
“Yes, I will take you to your reward,” the Master continued while staring to the side, scheming. “But you will need to change clothes. Black will make you stand out. Go to the dressing room and try to find bland tunic and breeches, and then meet me in the great hall.”
“Why do I need to change? Where are we going?” Dacen asked nervously. He was now regretting ever bringing up his reward—who exactly would he ‘stand out’ in front of?
“You’ll find out when we get there,” his master replied simply. “Now, shoo. Go get changed.”
Perhaps I shouldn’t have reminded him of the reward he owed me, the hybrid thought anxiously. Dressing differently could mean they were going into public… but what kind of public? It was unlikely they were going to be among other fauns. If that were the case, then there was little point in changing since they already had distaste for breeches on males.
Humans? was his second consideration. Are we going to be among humans? But what kind of reward is that?
After dressing in a dirty grey tunic and brown breeches, Dacen found his way to the grand hall. He halted dead in his tracks when he saw a man standing before him. The man, although he had the face of his master, was similarly dressed to him with his breeches and tunic. He was as old as Daefortis, but the horns were missing. It was his master… but human.
“I know, I look terrible,” the old man chuckled before plucking at the constrict fabric around his thigh. “Humans dress so poorly.”
“How?” was the only word to come out of Dacen’s mouth. Many events in his life would have been made much easier had he been able to look like a normal human.
“Imitia protean,” the old man stated simply while holding up a small, black pouch. “Also known as ‘liar’s dust’. I hate to use it… I hate looking like a human. However, it is required for this little escapade.”
The older man poured some of the golden dust into his hand and held it out to Dacen. Assuming he was meant to look at it, the hybrid took a step forward and bent down slightly. He flinched and stepped back again as his master suddenly blew the dust all over him. His reaction made the older man laugh sadistically—how he loved to torment his susceptible apprentice.
“Go look at your reflection in the crystal ball,” Daefortis suggested once his apprentice appeared to regain his composure.
Dacen complied. Looking into the yellow orb, his reflection was very faint, yet even the outline of his hornless head was quite a surprise. His hands quickly rushed to his head. The area where his horns used to be was empty. The aura of his horns remained, but they were no longer touchable.
These horns have caused me so much trouble. Was solving my problem really as simple as throwing magic dust on them?
“Why are we going near the humans?” the younger man asked once he had adjusted to his new appearance.
“It’s a surprise.”
“Should I be concerned?”
Daefortis let out a laugh before putting a hand on his apprentice’s shoulder. At first Dacen thought this was a sign of affection. Much to his dismay, the grip tightened and he suddenly felt magic coursing through his veins. The next thing he knew, they were standing outside in the sunlight.
He surveyed his surroundings once the older man released his shoulder. They were in a farm field, and further down, there was a little rundown shack. Although he did not recall ever travelling to this place, something about it was oddly familiar.
Daefortis tapped his shoulder before pointing behind him. The younger man’s eyes nearly popped out of his sockets as his attention was directed towards the marble city. 
“Do you know this city?” the older man asked the awe-struck Apprentice.
“No, yet the architecture is familiar… Why are we here?”
“Be patient, kid! All will be answered soon. Now, let us make our way into Magnoria.”
Dacen’s face paled. 
“There will be so many people,” he said more to himself than to his master.
“Yes,” the older man agreed. “That’s why we charmed our appearances. Walking through such a wretched, human city with horns would surely cause some chaos. Fun as that would be, that’s not why we’re here.”
Upon going through the large marble arch into the city, beads of sweat began to form on Dacen’s brow. Every time someone so much as glanced in his direction he feared that his disguise had been compromised. Never had he been able to walk among humans who were indifferent about his presence.
“Do you do this often?” he murmured to his master just as a man wearing a toga brushed past him.
“Watch where you’re going, mutt!” the high-ranking man hissed before continuing on his way. At first Dacen thought the passer-by was referring to the fact he was a hybrid, but it was actually based on the colour of his skin.
“Definitely not,” his master finally stated in answer to his question. “Being among these wretches is unpleasant unless I’m here to torment them.”
“Oh… and how often is that?”
“Every other month or so. Simple things like aggressive weather and diseases are enough to get humans flurried in a panic.”
Dacen avoided eye contact with the older man—he could not approve of his sadistic ways. Yes, humans were more primitive than fauns, but that was no excuse for Daefortis to intentionally make their lives miserable.
Eventually, they reached the largest of Magnoria’s forums. During certain times of the year, the men of proper status would gather in the large area and argue about the city until a conclusion was reached. However, when that was not happening the forum was used by tradesmen, stall owners, and panhandlers. It was, by far, the most crowded public area as it acted like a marketplace. Dacen was pushed left and right by aggressive citizens while others got bluntly his face to ask him for change.
“I-I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I don’t have any.”
He became rigid as a toothless man spat in his face before murmuring something incomprehensible. Daefortis began to laugh as the beggar hobbled away, still murmuring insults.
“Welcome to human society,” he said sarcastically while passing his apprentice a cloth to wipe off his face with. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“Not much of a reward,” Dacen admitted, and the disdain was clear in his tone.
“Don’t worry, this isn’t your reward,” his master assured him while staring off in another direction.
“Then what is?” Dacen whined while avoiding another discordant beggar.
He was greatly confused when the older man passed him two copper coins. He certainly hoped they had not travelled such a long way just so that he could receive a small bit of change.
“You see that woman over there?” Daefortis asked while pointing.
Dacen’s eyes followed the direction the older man’s finger was pointing. A lady sat in-between two stalls, holding out her hands to people walking by, in hopes of receiving money, food, anything. Her black hair was stringed with white—which suggested she was older, but certainly not Daefortis’ age.
“Yes,” he finally replied after inspecting the female beggar.
“Go give her the coins.”
Dacen gave his master a confused look. He could not help but be suspicious of such a request given Daefortis’ distaste for humans—why would he suddenly be nice to this one random lady?
Please let nothing bad happen, he prayed while making his way through the bustling crowd, leaving the older man remained behind. He feared his master was playing a cruel trick on him and hoped that this random beggar was not about to get hurt because of it.
The woman looked up at him with her dead, broken eyes. Eagerly, she put out her hand as he approached. The look of surprise on her face was something the young man would never forget as he placed both coins in her palm.
“Thank you!” she exclaimed, baring her yellow teeth. “What a lovely young man you are.” 
“You’re quite welcome,” he replied earnestly before quickly departing back into the crowd. Talking with humans made him very uncomfortable, and now it felt as if he was lying to them due to his appearance.
The bemused looked on Daefortis’ face unnerved him. He did not understand what was going or how it was a reward. Yes, he did like making that woman happy, but why had she been selected out of all the other beggars here… and why did Daefortis bring him here to help humans?
“I did it.”
“So I see.”
Dacen outstretched his hands: a sign of agitated confusion.
“Now what?” he demanded.
Again, he mistook the hand on his shoulder as a sign of affection. Within a few seconds, they were back in the grand hall. The crystal ball was just in the midst of transitioning from red back to yellow. Surely they had scared a few of the city folk by mysteriously vanishing, but that did not matter.
“And that, my apprentice, was your reward,” Daefortis whispered manically before releasing Dacen’s shoulder and walking towards the door. “Oh, and a simple bath will remove the liar’s dust.”
Dacen had had enough of this convoluted reward nonsense: “How was that my reward? You said it was something that you knew I wanted!”
The old man opened the door and turned back to look at his disgruntled apprentice. His smile still remained.
“Are you telling me that you didn’t want to meet your mother?”
And then he was gone.
The realisation hit the young man hard. Shock consumed him to the point where he was no longer capable of moving. He felt sick. No, he felt guilt.
I just met my mother. She’s alive. She gave birth to me and now she’s living on the street. My mother is homeless… I have a mother. Oh my, I just met my mother!
The old faun was unfazed when his enraged apprentice burst into the washroom and stormed straight up to the bath.
“You’re going to have to wait for me to finish,” he joked before forming a small ball of water and splashing it on his own head, instantly revealing his large horns again.
Dacen was not there to listen to jokes. He could feel himself on the verge of blacking out… on the verge of letting his darker half take control.
“You take me back to her right now!” he hissed. It was quite terrifying to hear his own voice be matched by a secondary voice, as if the other side of his mind was also vocalising itself.
“A second trip is not part of your reward.”
Daefortis, despite his own smugness, did regret his words once the tub water started to rapidly heat up. Although he liked to keep a calm composure, he could not help but scramble out of the tub as it got to boiling point. Within a matter of seconds, the tub was empty and a thick steam filled the whole room.
“Was that really necessary?” he asked in his usual, indifferent manner while trying to find his towel.
He did not get the chance to dry himself off as a hand firmly clasped his throat. Dacen emerged from the mist, although he was no longer his normal self. The veins leading to his pitch-black eyes were proof enough of that.
“You will take me to her,” the Apprentice hissed in many voices.
“Revive the dead vampiress and I shall,” Daefortis haggled, although he was struggling to talk due to the lack of air.
That grip only tightened as Dacen got angrier.
“No! No more of this reward nonsense. Take me to her right now!”
“Revive the dead vampiress and I will teach you the art of teleportation.”
The grip around his throat loosened slightly. Daefortis smiled—now they were bargaining. Using his apprentice’s mother as incentive would prove to be quite useful.
“Teaching you how to teleport will mean you won’t have to rely on me to see her,” he further explained. “All you need to do is bring that vampiress back to life.”
The cold eyes stared him down for a few more moments, trying to read his mind to see if he had ulterior motives. It came as quite a relief when the Apprentice finally took his hand away, but his cold expression still remained.
“I must rest. My magic has been drained for the day,” he stated bluntly.
The young man was gone before Daefortis could even reply. 
He was beginning to realise Taonhi Chay was probably right based on this whole incident, however his apprentice’s desire to see his mother would prove to be a useful tool to keep Dacen inline. He would teach him to teleport, but it was not something that could be learned within a matter of days, and the old faun had to use that time well.
That woman cannot reveal the identity of his father, he realised. Although I doubt she can really comprehend who it is, I must still ensure that her memory of the night the mongrel was conceived is shrouded.
The last thing he needed was for the hybrid to lose his mind yet again over his parentage. The truth about his father could wait for another date far into the future. Daefortis got dressed and went to work on a concoction that would fog the woman’s memory.
* * *
The beggar was amazed, to say the least, when an old man strolled up to her and placed a loaf of bread in her open hands. First the kind man from yesterday had given her two copper coins and now this; she felt like Bakadeus was finally on her side!
“If only there were more people like you,” she said gleefully before ripping off part of the loaf and stuffing it in her mouth. She had not eaten for over a day now and had only used one of the copper coins to buy herself a small flask of wine—an addiction she continued to fuel every time she got her hands on a few coins.
The old man laughed and looked up at the sky as if his mind were on other things.
“Indeed,” he agreed insincerely. “Have a nice day, beggar.”
Only a few moments after he left did the woman began to feel the effects of the magical concoction cooked into the bread. She did not care, however, as she was starving. 
By the time she had finished the loaf, the thought of how she got stuck with such a miserable life was all but gone. The fact remained that a monster had seduced her and she had abandoned their offspring in the wilderness, but exact details were lost. She did not notice the alteration of her memory, but if she had, then she would have been happy with the change. She had been trying to block out that horrid experience by drowning her thoughts in alcohol.
She had often questioned if dumping the half-breed child in the wilderness had been for the best. After just giving birth she had not been in a sane state, yet she figured she would have still done the same thing even if she had been of sound mind. For all she knew that creature would have grown up to be just as monstrous as its father, and letting it die in the wilderness was sparing many potential victims. Then again, there was always the chance that she could have raised a decent son. The problem was that the bastard child of a poverty-stricken mother would not have made it very far in life. He would never have had the chance to make a proper life for himself based on the circumstances… so was starving on the streets just as terrible of a fate as being left in the wild to die?
These questions no longer plagued the beggar’s mind. The memories were now a faint stain on her mind and of no importance any more.  She had bread, and that was all that mattered.

Twelve
Neem did not react as Rekou entered his room. He remained curled up on the mattress, which was how he spent most of his days now.
He was ill. The vampiress had done her best to keep him well-fed and physically healthy, but this was a different kind of illness. It seemed that this illness was slowly causing the deterioration of his physical form. No matter how much she fed him, he still got thinner.
He is not going to survive very long, she thought solemnly while taking a seat next to the mattress. Glancing down at the tray, she had given him in the morning, she realised that he had eaten very little. Only a few bites out of the bread and the cup of water partially drunk—his appetite had faltered. His appetite had slowly been waning over the past few days. He was not looking like a bag of bones yet, but the vampiress knew she had to get him in a better mental state if she wanted him to starting eating more.
“Would you like to go for a walk through the garden?” she suggested.
The little nymph turned to look back at her. His leaf-green eyes had become dark and discoloured.
“I’m not allowed to wander around,” his whispered miserably before looking away.
“It is likely, in a few months, you will be able to walk around unsupervised,” she assured him. “However, you may walk around if accompanied by me.”
It took a fair amount of coaxing, but eventually, the pair was on their way to the garden. Neem did despise the stale, walled-in environment of his room and knew it was best to get into nature. Even as he walked through the corridors, his mood started to lighten—being trapped in a small place had done nothing but heighten his already miserable experience.
He was happily surprised by the expansiveness of the garden. It could not replace the Woodlands, however the experience of nature was soothing.
Although he wanted to walk in the grass, Rekou ensured that they remained on the cobblestone path through the cave of trees.
Something was off. The walk was nice, and the trees—although clearly pampered and very foreign—
were also quite nice, but the sound of the garden forest was all wrong. These trees did not sing hymns in the wind. They felt soulless.
“Why is there no singing?” he asked the vampiress.
Rekou looked equally as confused as him.
“Singing? I… I don’t understand.”
“The trees, the animals, all of it. It’s all silent!”
“I don’t know about the lack of singing trees, but there are no animals in this garden.”
The realities of this garden not being a ‘true forest’ was further emphasised when, through the trees, he could see the dark stone walls that surrounded the entire castle.
This enclosure is nothing but lies, he thought bitterly.
“The gardens in my old kingdom had animals,” Rekou reminisced while staring at the branches over their heads. “Many deer, rabbits, birds… but there was one special bird.”
“What bird?” the nymph asked in the manner of a curious child.
“A firebird. A creature of such power that it could destroy an entire kingdom if in a foul mood. She chose one of my kingdom’s gardens to build her nest in—a true honour… I named her Hranha.  Yes, there was a sense of danger while in her presence, but also great thrill. I mean, a bird of flame the size of a blood wolf! Can you imagine?”
Neem shook his head—he really could not. All the birds in the Woodlands were small, the largest being only the height of a pixie.
“Did the firebird try to help when your kingdom was attacked?” he asked, not realising how insensitive his question was.
“No,” the vampiress replied in a cold manner. “It flew away.”
“Why wouldn’t it defend its home?”
“I suppose it didn’t see the kingdom as worthy of defending. Or perhaps it wanted to remain indifferent to vampire conflicts. Tell me, if you see iron ants attacking another anthill, do you try to intervene?”
Neem had to think. He had no idea what ‘iron ants’ were, but he could infer that she was talking about tiny insects.
“No,” he said after thinking. “It is not my place to resolve their conflicts when I don’t understand them.”
“Then we must assume the firebird thought the same. Such a grand creature has no time for the futile wars of lesser beings.”
The nymph processed her words for a few minutes. He would intervene in fairy and pixie conflicts, yet he did not do the same for birds and insects—why would he try to help some but not others? He was a forest spirit; if it were his job to watch over all of the Goddess’ beings, then why did he fail to do so? Did he see small, voiceless creatures as lesser? He did not think so, but if he did, then was he really any better than the vampires who saw him as below them?
His internal conflict was put aside when something else caught his attention: “Look!” he exclaimed while tugging Rekou’s arm and pointing towards the wall.
He attempted to walk off the cobblestone path, but the vampiress squeezed his shoulder.
“What is it, Neem?” she hissed in an obviously agitated manner. “We aren’t allowed to go off the path.”
“But there’s a huge crack in the wall! We can get out!”
He was quite surprised when the vampiress put a hand over his mouth. Obviously she did not share his ecstatic attitude about the revelation.
“Yes, there is,” she admitted. “a remnant of the war, but escaping through the hole is impossible. Guards walk the entire perimeter night and day. They would see you. And the hole left by the crack would need to be much larger for even someone your size to fit through.”
Her warnings did not dampen Neem’s excitement.
I’ll dig below the hole so I can crawl under the wall. I’ll leave in the night when it’ll be harder to see me. I’ll do it!
“You don’t think I’ve tried?” the vampiress asked in a manner that suggested she knew what he was thinking. “You must understand something: even if you escape through the wall, even if you sneak past the guard, they will hunt you down. It doesn’t matter how far you run… the blood wolves will find you.”
“Not if I know where I’m going,” Neem murmured. “I know someone who could defeat a whole army of blood wolves and their riders!”
Rekou let out a surprise laugh. Obviously she unconvinced that the little nymph could know a being of such power.
“It’s true!” he whined. “He’s a faun… well, part faun.”
The vampiress’ look of utter shock suggested she knew very well what a faun was.
“How can you know a faun? They don’t mingle with anyone who isn’t one of them. In fact, I doubt you’d be alive if you actually met one.”
“No, no! He was very kind. He was travelling through the Woodlands towards, uh, some place called the Ivy, err, Mountains… Wait, do you know where the Ivy Mountains are?”
Rekou looked up in thought for a moment before shaking her head.
Neem sighed.
“If we knew where they were, and if it was close enough by, we could both go there!”
Rekou chuckled again and patted his head in a condescending manner.
“Maybe someday,” she lied.
The pair continued walking despite Neem’s resistance. He wanted to get a closer look at the crack in the wall. He needed to know how much effort it would take in order to get through it. 
“How could I learn where the Ivy Mountains are?” he asked once the large crack was no longer in sight.
“It doesn’t matter, Neem,” the vampiress stated bluntly.
“It does matter. I’m not staying here, Rekou. I want to leave and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
Rekou exhaled deeply. She knew she had been the same way for the first few months when she was enslaved, but things had changed quickly after her first escape attempt.
“I don’t want them to punish you like they punished me, Neem,” she explained solemnly while staring off into the distance. “If you get caught… they will hurt you in ways you can’t imagine.”
“Who will?” the nymph asked, not registering the severity of her warning.
“The torture specialists or even the King himself if he’s mad enough.”
Torture specialists? Neem felt his stomach twist. Who would ever take on such a role?
“The risk is worth it if I get free,” he rationalised. “I’ll never forgive myself if I don’t at least try.”
“I know that’s what you think right now, but after you’re punished for your first escape attempt then you’ll probably change your mind.”
“Is this how you want to live your life? Do you want to obey an evil person like the King forever?” Neem asked, not realising the depth of his question. “Yes, I may get hurt, but at least I will always be me and not some submissive slave. That’s why I can’t give up. I don’t exist if I give into beings I hate.”
“Neem,” Rekou began in a manner that he suspected was going to become patronising very quickly.
“It’s true!” he objected squeakily. “What’s the point of living if I’m going to be an obedient, miserable slave for the rest of my life? There isn’t one. I live free or I don’t live at all.”
“Are you suggesting that you’re going to kill yourself?”
“No! Certainly not. I’m suggesting that I’m not going to live… but there’s a difference between living and existing.”
Much like Neem previously, when Rekou explained representation versus imitation, the vampiress was very confused by his statement.
“And what does it mean to live for you, Neem?” she asked in hopes of clarification.
“To be happy and free.”
“Uh huh, so then what is existing?”
“If you’re not living but you still exist… then you’re just waiting for death. Dying. That’s no way to be.”
The vampiress nodded along.
“That makes enough sense.”
“So you’ll help me escape?”
“No.”
Neem huffed while clenching his fists. He wanted to like Rekou, but she made it difficult.
“It will get better,” she assured him, lying just as much to herself as she was to him. “I know that’s hard to understand right now.”
“It will get better,” the nymph echoed, “but only when I get out of here.”
“I do hope you get free, but there’s little I can do to help you without both of us getting horribly punished.”
Deep down, the vampiress sensed Neem would never get free. At that rate, she doubted he would survive more than a few months. Whether he died due to his illness, the king draining his blood, or a mixture of the two, it was unlikely that he would live to see more than a few seasons—but she would. She would witness the arrival and death of many slaves just like Neem, who refused to submit. She would become old and withered, and by that point, the King would no longer desire her body. She would become a sewing maid or a cleaner…and then she would pass away in her sleep.
That is my future, she reminded herself, and, oh, how miserable it is.
* * *
Neem was startled when someone opened his door. It certainly could not be feeding time–neither the King’s dinner nor his own.
The familiar vampiress entered, looking rather cheeky. He sat up on his mattress, quite intrigued by whatever she was clutching to her chest. It looked like one of the picture pages out of Dacen’s book.
“I have done much thinking about what you said the other day,” she declared before coming and sitting by his side.
“You have?” Neem asked in an excited manner to match her own.
The vampiress nodded frantically.
“I was in the library when I found a book of maps,” she said while holding up the piece of paper.
Neem smiled, but he had absolutely no idea what he was looking at. To him, it was just a bunch of oddly shaped blobs with some writing scattered here and there.
“What’s a map?” he finally asked.
Rekou laughed.
“It is how vampires plot the landscape so they can navigate it.” She pointed to three triangles bunched together below a larger one. “And this map shows the Ivy Mountains. They’re not exactly a simple walk away… but it’s possible that we could make it there on a blood wolf.”
At first, Neem was quite excited by this revelation, but the mention of blood wolves dampened his glee.
“A blood wolf can’t fit through the hole… and I doubt one would want to help us.”
“One without a master would. Younger blood wolves in training have made no alignments. And they’re kept beyond the walls.”
The vampiress was quite surprised when the little nymph wrapped his arms around her. Hugging was not a vampire custom.
“Thank you, Rekou, thank you!”
Uncomfortable, she gently pushed him away but still retained a smile.
“Don’t thank me yet. I only have the skeleton of a plan so far. It could take a while before I can assure you that we’re ready to do this… and even then, there’s a chance that we’ll fail.”
He watched as she opened the chest and stuffed the piece of paper deep inside. If it were found in either of their possession, then they would be doomed for sure.
“We won’t fail,” he assured her once she was done.
We can’t.
“Perhaps not,” Rekou agreed even if she hardly believed the words herself. “The reward outweighs the risk… that is for sure. I just hope your faun friend is who you say he is.”
“He is. I promise.”
“I must get back to work,” she informed him while ruffling his hair. “Act natural. Don’t give anything away… But be ready. As soon as there’s the opportune moment, we must act.”
He nodded frantically and watched her with hope-filled eyes as she strolled towards the door.
“Have a good day,” she said while winking before closing the door.
Neem flopped back on his mattress. His little heart was racing.
He had the chance to be free.
He had the chance to return to the Woodlands.
He had the chance to see Dacen again.
A dark thought struck his mind: what if Dacen didn’t want to see him again?
What if he’s changed, and the warlock has made him evil?
Horrified, he quickly shook his head in an attempt to remove the terrible thought.
Dacen wouldn’t become evil. He is good. Of course he will want to help me and Rekou. We are friends… We were friends?
His personal pep talk had failed, but he refused to think that far into the future for the time being. Right then, the main focus was on escaping as that would most certainly be the most difficult part. Once they successfully escaped, he would allow such fears to come back to the forefront of his mind.
Dacen and I are friends. He will help us.

Thirteen
Dacen was ecstatic when he found a nice, black jerkin with golden buttons to go over top of his tunic. Daefortis, who had no care for the human clothing he had collected over the years, allowed his apprentice access to all of it—the old faun had no idea how much the hybrid enjoyed dressing up. Dacen’s nox elf upbringing had made him this way.
Under these circumstances, Dacen was not just dressing up for the fun of it but, rather, procrastinating. He had healed the vampiress corpse, but with Daefortis breathing down his neck, he was unable to revive her. It was as if his body rejected spectators when it came to performing such dark spells. Even he himself was not a spectator to his revival procedure—as he blacked out last time it happened. 
Both he and his master sensed that his ‘darker half’ did not want witnesses, but Daefortis desperately wanted to see how the resurrection worked. Perhaps he wanted to witness it so he could try and do it himself, however that would not be the case if his darker side had any say in the matter. 
I’m unintentionally working against him, he thought while opening up a chest of boots. I must attempt to revive the vampiress while he is absent… but how do I do that? My dark half isn’t something I can turn on and off.
Once he was happy with his new style—although it was not much of a change as it was still primarily black—he grabbed a plain dress and headed to where the vampiress’ corpse was being kept. Her bloodied clothing had been discarded while he was fixing her body, and he did not want her to get the wrong idea if he did manage to revive her.
He knew that Daefortis was resting, as it was the middle of the night, and that was a good thing. For the moment, his plan was to try and resurrect the vampiress and then quickly wake his master once he had done so. It was the only way he could both prove to Daefortis that he had revived the vampiress and receive his chance to see his mother again.
Although he did want his second reward, the overwhelming desire he had felt originally had faded after he let his thoughts about his mother stew. He desperately wanted to see her, but it was very possible that she did not want to see him. She had lived her life thinking he was dead, so to suddenly appear could bring up horrific memories. The last thing he wanted to do was cause her more pain, that was for sure, so he had spent the nights following their first encounter carefully planning how he would act during their next encounter.
Perhaps she will understand I’m no monster if I kill the man who attacked her… my father, he considered. No. Killing him would likely only make her fear me more until she gets to know me… if she wants to get to know me.
By the time he reached morgue, he had come to the conclusion his mother hated him and would not want to meet him. It was a fair enough assumption since she had left him in the forest to die.
I should be the one who does not want this reunion, he realised. After all, she basically tried to kill me.
No. Despite everything, he could not bear his mother any ill. All he felt was sympathy for her and that would not change even if her encounter with his father had been consensual. She clearly had not wanted him… but maybe things had changed? Probably one of her biggest fears was raising a child as a single mother, but now he was fully-grown and independent.
Or maybe she feared that I’d grow into a faun like my father… unless she didn’t know father was a faun.
He removed the thoughts from his mind while dressing the vampiress’ corpse in the plain dress. Overthinking would get him nowhere. He could not predict how his mother would react to learning who he was. 
Revive the vampiress first, he reminded himself.
The smell of the morgue was enough to bring him back into reality. Both vampire corpses were currently being held in what Daefortis called ‘the crypt’. They were both displayed on long, stone slabs in the chilly room. The vampiress smelled fine due to the fact her flesh was no longer rotting… but the other vampire body they had collected reeked.
Perhaps I should heal the other body just so that it doesn’t smell so bad.
No time seemed to pass between Dacen’s last thought about the corpse stench and his waking up on the floor. Daefortis stood over him, arms behind his back, looking unamused—had he done it again?
At first, he thought the awful gargling sound was coming from his own mouth, but then, looking to the side, he saw the blue, twitching hand hanging off the stone slab and knew what had happened.
“She’s alive. However, she’s dying,” his master stated bluntly. 
Dacen tried to get up, but his body was limp, completely depleted of energy. 
It came as quite a shock when the older faun pulled a knife from behind his back and thrust it down into the vampiress’ chest. The blue hand clawed at the air for a few moments and then went limp.
“Uh,” he moaned, unable to properly form words.
“It’s clear you’re not powerful nor experienced enough to revive a being who can survive for very long,” Daefortis continued before dislodging the blade from the corpse. “However, you should have waited for me so that I could witness the resurrection process and figure out how to help you improve.”
The hybrid’s arms quivered as he sat himself up.
“Master, I’m afraid it won’t work if I there are witnesses.”
The older faun snared.
“And why is this? Is it your doing?”
Dacen shook his head.
“I have no control over whatever part of me revives the dead.”
Daefortis, although still appearing to be annoyed, seemed to understand this.
“At some point in the future I must be allowed to communicate with this other side of you.”
“I don’t know how to make that happen, but that doesn’t matter right now. You promised to teach me how to teleport so that I may meet my mother.”
“I’d hardly call that vampiress ‘revived’,” the older faun muttered. 
“I brought her back to life, you never said she had to be healthy or live long.”
“Yes, I shall specify that next time, but I believe it is likely going to be a long time before you have the ability to efficiently resurrect the dead. Such a skill can’t be perfected in a matter of weeks.”
“You can worry about that later. You promised to teach me how to teleport first.”
“And I shall… in the morning. Right now it is best that we both rest,” he explained while gesturing to how the Apprentice was still on the ground.
Dacen nodded. He then staggered while trying to stand. He was forced to place his hand on the stone slab next to the dead vampiress’ corpse while doing so.
The two fauns did not make eye contact as the hybrid slowly walked out of the crypt. There was no real reason for there to be uneasy tension between them. Dacen was technically achieving each goal Daefortis set for him and Daefortis was going to give him his reward and teach him how to teleport.
Proper reward will not bring out this mongrel’s darker side. It can only be provoked when something—or someone—he cares about is suffering. 
No more rewards. I must take a hostage.
“I must kill his mother. The corpse should entice the mutt and bring out his darker half.”
Taonhi Chay sat across the table from Daefortis with her fingers intertwined. As per usual, she did not look amused.
“But what do you gain from killing the human beyond angering the mongrel? He’ll kill you if you do that. This plan makes no sense.”
“I charm the body. Ensure it can’t be touched and is immune to magic. Only I will be able to guarantee that he can revive his mother, and if he ever wants to see her alive again, then he’ll have to do as I command.”
Taonhi Chay nodded slightly, but her expression remained passive.
“He may still kill you.”
“He may try, but then nobody will be able to lift the charm on his mother’s body.”
“I don’t fully understand why you would consider taking this risk. Fauns have got on just fine without knowing the secrets of necromancy. And this mutt hasn’t been able to resurrect a being who could live past more than a few minutes. Extending someone’s life for such a meagre amount of time is of little value to us.”
“This is about more than the mongrel being a necromancer,” Daefortis stated coldly while staring past Taonhi Chay and into the oblivion. “This is about why he’s a necromancer. What does Daemonis have in mind for him? Are the other three mutts also necromancers? Speaking to Dacen’s darker half may give me some of the answers we need.”
“I sense our questions are ones Daemonis does not want answered,” the female faun warned him. “It’s no coincidence that the mutt cannot perform necromantic spells while in your presence. We are not in a position to understand the Father’s plans right now, yet I sense all will be revealed in due time.”
“And if that plan is for the mongrel and his brethren to overthrow us, then we must have this information sooner rather than later. Dacen’s darker half is quite possibly our only source for this information.”
“Dacen’s darker half is also quite possibly under the control of Daemonis… do you really want to aggravate him?”
Daefortis peered towards the old bookshelf against the wall as he thought. He had considered the same thing a few days ago.
“The mongrel’s darker half reveals itself when he is angry or out of control… not when the Father is angry. That is, unless Daemonis gets enraged at the thought of the mongrel’s human mother being homeless.”
“We cannot say with absolute confidence that Daemonis doesn’t care for this mutt’s mother… there is no way of knowing how the Father feels unless he communicates with us directly,” Taonhi Chay demurred.
“It’s as if the more we search for answers the less becomes known. And if the fate of Faunkind really is in the hands of four mutts, then may Daemonis have mercy on us all.”
“I highly doubt the creation of the mongrels is for such severe purposes,” the female faun assured him. She chose to think positively rather than fret about a situation that was out of her control.
“He would not grant them necromantic abilities if he didn’t have plans for them… and we must discover what his plans are.”
Taonhi Chay shook her head dolefully as she stood up.
“Do what you like, but don’t get any other fauns involved. I sense enticing Dacen’s darker half with the murder of his mother will reap serious consequences… but it shall be your funeral and not mine.”
Daefortis let out a laugh.
“Well, I guess we’ll know who’s right soon enough.” He stood up to shake her hand. “Farewell, Mistress. It’s been a pleasure as always.”
“Your sarcasm will see you turned into moth someday,” she warned him while wearing a smile.
The old faun sat back down once Taonhi Chay closed the door.
Am I going mad? Is a stupid mutt driving me insane? 
Deep down, he knew Taonhi Chay was right. His curiosity would get him killed. Did Dacen’s necromantic abilities really matter all that much? No. It was possible that Daemonis had placed the four hybrids on Efenta to overthrow the fauns, but it was also possible that there was a degree of randomness to their existence, and there was no grand plan laid out for them.
Four hybrids being born across the world, all within weeks of each other, is not random, the old Master assured himself. But their existence doesn’t spell the end of faunkind. 
I want solid answers.
“Father of Fauns,” he began formally clasping his hands together and closing his eyes, “you have given us no explanation for the existence of the hybrids. I seek to discover the answer by means of killing one of their mothers to unleash their dark side. If you object, then please give me a sign.”
I look more ridiculous than humans when they pray to Bakadeus, he realised before quickly parting his hands. There was proper ritual for trying to communicate with the Father of Fauns. The problem was that Daemonis had not responded to any attempts to contact him in recent times. Fauns were in the dark, and that was proven most by Daefortis trying a human way communicating with the deities.
“You force my hand,” he muttered while standing up. He doubted that the Father could hear him, let alone be listening in the first place, yet he chose to speak as though he was standing in the same room: “Mongrels are an insult to our race, and perhaps that was your goal: to insult us. Perhaps you have chosen them to be your new disciples and severed all ties with us. No matter, I still demand answers and I will get them.”
The old faun clopped over to the bookshelf and ran his finger across the spines until he found the book he was looking for. Ad Corca Dissalute: a book of manipulation spells. Grabbing the book, he turned to go back to his desk but hesitated. Instead, he reached for a book of charms and brought it back to the desk as well. 
Perhaps the simplest option would be to try and cast a spell on Dacen himself and force his darker half out, he pondered while flicking through the manipulation spellbook. No. As human as he may be, he is not feeble-minded. 

Fourteen
Neem remained in high spirits now that Rekou was finally on his side. Even the blood-sucking sessions he had with King Klav III did not seem as despondent now that there was finally light at the end of the tunnel. The nymph’s main problem was that the vampiress was not making haste when it came to planning their escape. Every day he would ask her if she had a plan, and every day he would receive the same frustrating answer: “in due time.”
It was also concerning that the King had taken notice of his more spirited attitude. Klav sat back and dabbed his mouth while eyeing the nymph intently. 
“You’re eyes have become more green over the past two weeks,” he noted aloud. “Or maybe it’s just the lighting.”
“Just lighting,” Neem quickly assured the vampire while clasping his bloodied neck.
“Maybe it is,” the King replied sceptically. “Or perhaps you’ve come to adjust to your new life as a blood slave—that is the preferable reason.”
“This madness isn’t something I will ever adjust to,” Neem hissed.
He instantly regretted his spiteful tone when he saw anger flash through the vampire’s eyes. The King could kill him whenever he liked, but now that he and Rekou were finally planning an escape, that was the last thing he wanted to happen. Acting high and mighty around the King was unwise.
“I’m sorry,” he murmured begrudgingly. 
Perhaps it was more suspicious that he apologised. King Klav certainly looked distrustful with his cocked eyebrows and narrowed eyes.
“You’re quite the enigma for such a child-like being, Neem,” the vampire noted. “I don’t like it. I accept your apology. However, you are not to be this stubborn at the upcoming party or no amount of apologising will save you.”
Neem’s ears automatically perked up at the mention of a party. Nymphs enjoyed festivities, but he doubted vampire parties were of the same breed.
“A party?” he questioned.
Although the King usually viewed the questions of blood slaves as disrespectful, he would ignore it just this once: “The King and Queen of Borovnia are coming in order to sign a peace treaty. The entirety of Primye Dinastoro must be on their finest behaviour, yourself included. If they see you—a mere blood slave—acting disrespectful, then it shall be assumed that I am a weak king. And if that is the case… I will use you as a demonstration of my strength and ruthlessness.”
Being cruel and threatening me doesn’t mean I’ll be more submissive, the nymph thought, but dared not say. He had antagonised the vampire enough for the day.
Neem’s legs trembled as he stepped off the table. His spirit had been slightly uplifted, yet his body was still gradually deteriorating. He prayed he would not just be a sack of bones by the time the escape plan came to fruition.
The Goddess will give me the strength to run, he assured himself. However there was doubt resting deep within his stomach. The Nature Goddess had sat idly by as Jaiya was killed, and he was captured, enslaved, and branded.  It was odd that she would not come to the aid of her forest spirits.
Maybe this is my punishment for befriending a foreigner.
A horrific thought. This is the explanation he would have come to had he been viewing the situation from the outside perspective of another Woodlands creature. It had been ingrained into their minds, through the centuries, that all foreigners were evil and not to be trusted.
The Goddess is for healing, not punishment. She would not allow me to be in this situation because I was kind to a foreigner. No signs were given of her disapproval while I was with him. My time with Dacen had no impact on this current situation.
Except it did. The vampires came after me because of Dacen.
And if the Goddess does not disapprove of my friendship with a foreigner, then why does she allow me to suffer?
This was all too much for the little nymph. Luckily, his deity crisis was forgotten once Rekou came through the door with bandages and a damp towel. 
“As per usual, you are to come to my chambers once you’re done with the blood slave,” King Klav III informed her before being followed out by his servants.
The vampiress nodded with a grim expression. However, relief spread across her face with the door closed.
Neem did not question her sudden shift in attitude and, instead, projected the question that had been on his mind recently: “Why does the King always ask for you to go to his room?”
Rekou scoffed and waved away the question.
“That does not concern you, but I have good news!”
The nymph instantly forgot about his question and perked up his ears—finally their situation was becoming transient.
“I know when we’re going to do it,” she said with a fang-baring smile.
“When?” Neem squeaked in an equally excited manner.
“I will tell you after your bath. Your chambers are the safest place to discuss such matters. Everywhere else is too public.”
Then why did you start getting me riled up now? Oh, you wanted to distract me from our previous topic, he thought scornfully. But his foul mood quickly faded as the thought their impending escape filled him to the brim with joy.
Anxious about hearing the revelations for the escape plan, Neem washed as quickly as possible and was annoyed when Rekou took her time to bandage his neck. The two then walked at a fast pace back to his chambers. The nymph plopped himself on the mattress and stared up at the vampiress in anticipation. To Rekou, he looked like a child waiting to hear a bedtime story.
“I believe I now know what day we’re going to make our escape attempt,” she informed him while crouching down so that they could be at eye-level. “Have you been informed about the upcoming peace treaty signing?”
Neem gave one nod—the pain in his neck stopped him from doing any more.
“Once signed, it will be the cause of great celebration… and a great diversion which allows us to escape.”
“How so?” the nymph asked while tilting his head to the side slightly
“I very much like the sound of this plan!” Neem squeaked. He then looked down to think over any problems they could encounter on the night of the peace treaty signing. “Are you sure you can fit through the crack in the wall? It looked big enough for me… but maybe not you?”
Rekou’s soft laugh suggested that she was unconcerned about that.
“I inspected the hole in the wall a few days ago—nearly got caught.  It will be a tight fit and may leave me with a few scrapes, but with determination, I should be able to squeeze through.”
A few scrapes are worth the price of freedom, the nymph thought. I would give up an arm if that was the only way to get out of here.
“Now I will be helping to prepare for the festivities, and I assume you will meet the Borovnian royalty when they are given a tour of the castle, but nobody will notice if we slip out late into the night. Our main problem will be making it to the Ivy Mountains before the hunters catch up.”
“How long do you think it will be until they notice we’re gone?”
“Probably dawn.”
Neem gasped.
“That’s not a lot of time.”
“I know,” Rekou agreed. “Unfortunately my absence will be quickly noticed given the fact that my chores start early. Providing we manage to keep a few hours ahead of the hunters, we should be time. All that means is very little break time on the journey.”
“Then perhaps we should try to collect some food right now. We will have no time to scavenge while on the run.”
That’s when Neem remembered that Rekou did not eat plants or drink water like he did: she drank the blood of animals. 
“I think I should start saving parts of my meals for the journey and then, well, you can drink some of my blood rather than eating other animals,” he suggested.
Rekou looked rather surprised, but shook her head after thinking for a few seconds.
“The blood wolf still needs to eat… but it should be able to quickly find rodents. I will share with it rather than drink your precious blood.”
I’m not offering my blood to a blood wolf, he thought. So perhaps the Goddess will forgive me if I don’t stop Rekou and the blood wolf from killing small creatures… providing the creatures don’t go to waste.
“There are many variables with this plan, and a lot could go wrong… but it’s the only chance we’re going to get. You must promise me that escaping is what you really want,” the vampiress said in a severe manner while maintain eye contact with him.
Neem scoffed at her doubt in him.
“How could I not want to escape?  This place is killing me. Escaping is my only chance of survival… and yours too.”
“I just had to be sure,” Rekou replied defensively. “I have established a suitable life here, and I don’t want to lose it if you’re not fully invested in this escape.”
“I am,” he assured her again. “This is all I want.”
The vampiress smiled while patting his head. She then stood up and looked towards the door.
“Be ready with the map after the party. I will collect you as soon as it’s safe to sneak out of the castle.”
At first, the nymph forgot what a ‘map’ was, then he remembered the crumpled up piece of paper in the chest. He gave her one nod of approval.
“Now I must attend to the King,” Rekou murmured to herself as she opened the door.
Neem, again, wanted to ask her why she always had to go to see King Klav III, but she was gone before he even opened his mouth.
She’s so afraid of what will happen if we get caught, he thought. But surely the risk is worth it if this is our best chance at escaping?
Neem was incapable of comprehending what their punishments would be if they were recaptured. His blissful life in the Woodlands had not prepared him for the grim reality of what lied beyond the Goddess’ domain. He assumed that having scalding iron pressed into his back again was the worst thing the vampires could do to him. If he saw the world through Rekou’s eyes, then he would know there were far worse punishments than branding.

Fifteen
Dacen the Apprentice read by candlelight in his quarters as he flipped through the pages of Viti et Morsisa Daeformita. Apparently there were numerous teleportation spells, but none of the ones he had discovered so far could take him as far as Magnoria. Mainly, they were for very elderly fauns who found it easier to teleport rather than walk.
As this was his copy of the book, he took a small break from his search and flipped to the very back of it, where he and his little nymph friend had once practiced writing their names. The thought of Neem made him feel warm inside. He doubted that the little being thought of a foreigner like him very frequently, but the nymph had quite an impact on him. After all, how could he forget the first being that ever saw past his horns?
Flipping back through the book, he stopped on the image of a vampire being blood-let while being burned alive.
He thought the pictures in this book were scary. I can only imagine what he’d think of my darker half, he thought with a solemn smile. He had managed to convince himself over time that he could never see Neem again now that he was slowly being consumed by dark magic.
* * *
Dacen finally narrowed down his search to two teleportation spells. Both appeared to be for the same purpose, yet the necessary words for each were different, as well as the potions he needed to ingest.
This will be much easier when I’m skilled enough to teleport without any incantations or potions, he thought. 
The whole situation was reminiscent of his educational situation when he was still accepted by the nox elves. He did not share the same mind-set as the other nox elf children. The combination of mysticism, superstition, and science made little sense in his eyes. Why could some things be explained by reasoning, yet other things were left up to magic? They did not seem compatible. It was no surprise when his tutor gave up on him entirely. He soon came to realise that science and magic both played their part in the universe once his horns started to develop—and by that time it was too little, too late.
Based on his miserable failings in the past, when it came to studying, he decided asking Daefortis was probably the best choice. Yes, it was possible that his master would see asking for help as a sign of incompetence, but it was a risk he was willing to take. After all, the last thing he wanted to do was perform the wrong spell and have it end in disaster.
It was odd that Daefortis was absent from the study, library, hall, and the temple. The young hybrid wandered around like a lost child, keeping two fingers wedged in the book so he did not lose the teleportation spells.
I’m in the crypt, a foreign voice informed him.
The shock of having his mind invaded almost caused him to drop the book. He knew telepathy was common practice among fauns, but he felt as if the mind was meant to be a private place.
Placing the book under his arm, he continued on his way. There was no reason to question why his Master was in the morgue. The likely answer was that he was studying the previously resurrected vampiress and trying to unlock the secrets of necromancy—something he would not be able to do.
Had Daefortis read deeper into Dacen’s mind, he would have learned that his apprentice was having doubts about his own necromantic abilities. It was true that he could resurrect the dead, that had been proven, yet he felt he did not have the power to resurrect someone who could last very long. This was not something that could be trained; simply he was incapable of such power. The power… it was not all with him. It was elsewhere. Where? He had no idea.
Something felt terribly wrong as he neared the crypt. An unnerving aura filled the air beyond the stone door. Not necessarily magical… but unnatural.
“Master?” he asked while pulling open the large door. Instantly the whiff of rotting flesh made him nauseous.
“Ah, you’re here,” the old faun murmured in an enigmatic manner. 
Dacen cocked an eyebrow. The vampiress’ corpse appeared to be untouched, but what really caught his attention was the presence of a new cadaver. His master stood in the way of the upper body, but judging by the tanned skin around the ankles it was a human.
Oh no… what has he done?
“I’ve concluded that I was being too kind before. I, clearly, was unable to entice the response I wanted and more excessive force is necessary.”
“I… I don’t understand,” Dacen admitted.
It was only when the old faun stepped to the side that he realise what this was all about. He recognised the face of his deceased mother instantly. Without thinking, the hybrid dropped the spell book and pushed Daefortis aside. Kneeling down next to the woman, it came as even more of a shock when a red flame burned his hand as he tried to touch her face. He remained there for a few seconds, trying to process the whole situation.
Daefortis had just readjusted himself when his apprentice grabbed him by the scruff of his tunic and slammed him against the wall. The hybrid had never appeared to be particularly strong in terms of physicality, so this exert of force was a surprise in its own.
“I have tried to play along, but this time, you have gone too far. How dare you kill her,” Dacen hissed in dual voices. It was clear he was already struggling to control his darker half as the veins around his eyes had already started to form. “And now it is time to end this madness.”
“I did not kill her,” he scoffed. “This woman has been ill for quite some time. That’s always the case with street rats.”
I just sped up the illness’s effect.
“If you kill me, then you will never be able to revive your mother. The charm placed on her will ensure that. You will revive her in front me or not at all.”
Dacen let out a sinister laugh.
“You think I want to bring her back? Revive her so that she may live for a few more, agonising minutes?”
“With practice and determination you may find your necromantic abilities are stronger, given the right incentive. She could be restored to full life.”
Dacen shook his head, still smiling maliciously.
“I can’t,” he stated bluntly, the second voice now overpowering his own. “I am only one part of a greater power.”
Finally I am speaking to the darker half.
“And what is this greater power? I assume the other mongrels play a role, but what happens when all the parts are connected?”
The dark mind inhabiting the hybrid’s body smirked before slamming the old faun against the stone again. Daefortis slumped against the wall upon being released. He was strong in power, but his body was becoming frail–that was why he needed a necromancer in the first place.
“You are powerful by faun standards… A shame both your mind and body are deteriorating so rapidly.”
“My mind is quite fine,” he grunted while gaining his stance again.
“Yet you are foolish enough try and entice me.”
“And who are you exactly?” the old faun asked firmly. The darker half was certainly dangerous, but he would have been dead by now if the ‘lighter’ side did not show restraint. There was certainly a power struggle going on in that mind. “A being who has latched onto a mongrel certainly can’t be all-powerful.”
“In due time, you will know.”
The old faun’s attention was directed past the hybrid when the human corpse suddenly combusted in black flame. A few flickers of the charm’s red flame were snuffed out by the darkness, and soon enough, all that remained was a pile of ash.
He broke right through the charm without even trying.
Taonhi Chay was right: his plan had been ridiculous.
Perhaps I’ve been too prideful about all of this. The half-breed isn’t as weak-minded as he appears.
“Now why would you do that?” he asked in a nonchalant manner.
“Because the human deserves her long-needed rest. Because you have no control over this hybrid.”
It was quite a shock when Dacen opened his mouth, now an endless black hole, and put it next to Daefortis’. The draining sensation was instantly felt, but the old faun became paralysed.
A loud, cracking sound caused the hybrid to stop his consumption and take a step back. The veins around his eyes faded instantly as he looked at the world around him in great confusion. Without another word Dacen vanished from the room. The speed of his movement caused upset in his mother’s ashes, which found their way into the air. The old Master coughed and closed his eyes as he again slumped against the wall. It felt as if stones had been placed in his stomach.
Taonhi Chay appeared in his line of sight once he was able to open his eyes again. Her corpse-like complexion suggested she was not amused by the whole situation. Gie Lehaun stepped out from behind her and bent down to pick up the spellbook Dacen had dropped. Brushing the ash off it, the Apprentice then stepped back out of the crypt and was gone. 
“You are lucky to be alive,” Taonhi Chay hissed. “Did you really think your ridiculous plan would work?”
“I took a risk and it was a mistake, but no harm has been done.”
The female faun laughed despite the fact she clearly did not think any of this was funny.
“No harm? Look at yourself!” she exclaimed while gesturing to his frail frame. “You have antagonised the half-breed. Do you think that will work in our favour if there is a grand plan for him and the others?”
Daefortis laughed, causing his chest to ache.
“So are we now on the same page when it comes to believing the mutt was not put on Efenta by mistake? We agree he is the intended creation of Daemo–”
“We do not agree on that front,” the female faun quickly objected. “But we do agree that he is part of a much larger scheme. Regardless of who exactly he is the spawn of, it is better to keep him on our side… but you’ve ruined that chance, haven’t you? You became so very obsessed with necromancy. There’s a reason the Father took it away from our kind in the first place… and this is that reason.”
The old faun tried to reply with a witty remark, but his throat felt as if it had frozen. He was losing feeling in his body with every passing second, yet he did not want to come off as panicked so his expression remained calm. Taonhi Chay, however, could tell.
“It looks like he did not spare you,” she stated unsympathetically as she took a few steps closer to him. “Or perhaps your frail form has finally reached its natural end.”
Again Daefortis tried to object. His mind fighting with his body to form words: “I… I’m f-fine.”
She crouched down in order to meet his eye-level.
“When you meet the Father, be sure you ask him about the half-breeds. Maybe then you’ll finally have your answer.”
No words this time. Everything below his eyes was as rigid as stone. A few more raspy breaths, and his eyes followed suit and glazed over.
The female faun exhaled deeply before slowly standing up again. Her own body was not in its prime, yet she had been blessed with a far more durable form. Nobody would guess that she was older than all other Masters on the council.
“How ironic that you died in a crypt,” she noted morbidly before making her way out of the room. With the snap of her fingers the stone door sealed Daefortis inside.
Dacen was quite disoriented when he found himself standing in the valley below the Ivy Mountains. He had blacked out soon after discovering his mother was dead and recalled nothing up to the current point.
Whatever happened, I’m not going back there. Daefortis has gone too far!
After a few moments he dropped to his knees. He needed time to process what had happened and where his future now laid.
I just exiled myself from the one place where I had a chance at being accepted, he realized. But being accepted by the faun who murdered my mother is not the place I should be.
My mother is dead.
I never got to know her.
The area around his eyes heated up as if he were on the verge of crying. He forced his emotions to the side when he realised his right knee was resting on an oddly shaped rock. Shifting back, it came as a great surprise when he saw the little wooden horse bust embedded in the dirt.
A clear sign I’m meant to leave, he thought while holding up the wooden piece.
He quickly stood up when he sensed there was someone behind him. Much to his surprise, Taonhi Chay’s apprentice stood there. In one hand was the spellbook, and in the other was his satchel, while his cloak was draped over her arm.
“You are not our enemy,” she stated in a monotone manner, demonstrating great disinterest in the whole situation. “Master Taonhi Chay is willing to take you on as an honorary apprentice.”
Dacen cocked an eyebrow before cautiously collecting his items from her. There was a very possible chance that she had charmed them, but luckily, that did not appear to be the case.
“Why? Did she not see what just happened?” he asked while putting his cloak on.
“Yes, you killed Daefortis.”
“Wait, I did wha–?”
“And that is the reason she is offering you a place among us: to ensure our two races remain on good terms.”
Dacen stared at the female faun with his mouth agape for a few seconds. He had no recollection of killing Daefortis. He knew he had been mad, but would he really go that far?
I killed that other apprentice out of self-defence, but killing out of anger doesn’t seem like me.
“Fauns are not your enemies,” Gie Lehaun continued in her emotionless manner. “We are only trying to understand what you are and why you exist.”
“I get that,” Dacen murmured while nodding his head slightly. “However, I don’t think I should affiliate myself with the Master Council and, by extent, other fauns. I need time to figure out my purpose.”
“Master Taonhi Chay can help you find that.”
“She can’t… She really can’t. Only I can figure that out.”
The young faun let out a small huff of annoyance.
“If you change your mind, then return to Daefortis’ lair and wait beside the crystal ball—we will collect you from there.
 “It is unlikely that I shall be returning.”
“The offer remains open,” Gie Lehaun stated while shrugging her shoulders indifferently.
Before he could say another word, the female faun vanished from sight. Clearly, she was far more skilled at teleportation than he was—despite the fact they were similar in age.
The hybrid stuffed the spellbook into his satchel which he then proceeded to sling over his shoulder. Looking back down at the horse bust in his hand, he contemplated where he would go from there. He was not in the headspace to plan a long-term journey to anywhere. His main goal became to find a village where he could gather supplies.
Perhaps I’m not meant to settle down anywhere, and being a nomad is just my destiny.
Although he felt it that was the truth, he pushed the thought out of his mind before throwing the wooden piece on the ground and watching the dust expel from it.
“I have missed you,” he lied as the golem horse solidified.
At that point, he had no choice but to go forward. The mountains on each side ensured there was only one way out. When he reached the edge of the valley he would have to think harder about where he was going.
Continuing forward is not an option as that will take me straight to the Woodlands, but other routes may very well lead me right to the vampires. I need to stop somewhere to recollect myself and gather supplies… but I most certainly cannot stop in the domain of vampires.
That was a though: he had only survived his encounter with the vampires last time because the phantoms had come to his aid. If they came for him again, they would likely be more prepared and he would be in serious trouble.
Stop thinking about all of this! he internally warned himself. You’ve just killed your former master and exiled yourself from faunkind. Now is not the time to be thinking about the blasted vampires.
He kicked the lifeless horse in order to make it speed up. He wanted to stop thinking about vampires, but he also knew it was best to be swift in his venture through the valley. The confinements of it meant it would be rather difficult to get away from any enemies.
Dacen stroked the cold mane of the horse in order to distract himself. Again, he could feel his eyes becoming watery, but he was not ready to confront his emotions.
You have no reason to feel sad. Master Taonhi Chay offered you a place with her, and you declined. You had the option to belong, but you made the right decision. Belonging to the fauns would cost you your morality and, by extent, your soul.
He wiped away his tears before kicking the horse again. By this point they were moving fast enough that his cloak billowed in the wind.
I wish I could go back to the nox elves… or Neem. Life would be so much easier that way.

Sixteen
Neem knew the festivities were beginning as soon as he could hear much commotion beyond his door: servants and slaves running back and forth, trying to get everything ready. Apparently, they were so busy that they had forgotten to give him his morning meal. He would not complain, however. He was too excited to eat.
I’m going to get out of here soon, he thought happily while staring through the window. Down below, he could see vampires arranging stalls under party tents—as it was raining—and draining the carcasses of other beings to store their blood in barrels. He quickly stepped away from the window upon seeing such a horrific sight.
What if they do that to me?
He quickly shook the thought out of his head. He knew he was a special type of blood slave rather than a throwaway. He had actually wished to be killed quickly, like ‘lesser beings,’ until Rekou sparked new life in him.
Deep in thought, the nymph juddered when the door suddenly flew open. In came a vampire slave with a rag in one hand and a bucket in the other. He barely acknowledged Neem as he dropped the bucket next to the used one. The vampire then wiped down the window, removing the forest spirit’s lip stains from the previous times he had looked through the window.
The nymph’s heart skipped a beat when they suddenly opened the chest and started pulling out fabric.
“What are you doing?” he squeaked, failing to sound calm.
The vampire huffed in an agitated manner.
 “We have to make your bed. The King and Queen of Borovnia may want to view this room when on the tour.”
He then continued pulling fabric out of the chest. His sudden pause and look of confusion sent fear through Neem— he knew what the slave had just found
It’s over.
He whimpered when the vampire held up the shell, food he had saved, and scrunched up map. The look he gave the nymph once he opened the map was deeply grave. Much to Neem’s surprise, he quickly dropped the shell and paper back in the chest and slammed the lid down. He kept the food however, as otherwise it could attract insects.
“You have no idea what they’ll do to you,” he hissed.
Neem made the wise choice to not say anything. The vampire did not seem to have the intention of ratting him out, and he wanted to keep it that way.
Again, the vampire stared coldly at him before gesturing for him to get out of the way. Neem complied and watched as he made the bed. Neem had never slept in a proper bed and did not understand the process, but the making of the bed was the farthest thing from his mind at that moment.
“You’d be mad to try and escape,” the vampire explained further as he smoothed down the sheets. “No runaway has ever made it far before the hunters caught up to them. That in itself is a painful experience,” he said while gesturing to his arm. Neem noted the dark blue puncture scars, “but it is much worse upon being returned to Primye Dinastoro. They will torture you until you beg for death.”
“What would they do to me?”
“They will do whatever they think will hurt you most.”
“But you won’t tell anyone about what’s in the chest, right?”
The vampire shook his head, but his lack of eye-contact while he did so concerned the nymph.
“I don’t need to. You will end up in the same place regardless.”
“Thank you,” Neem murmured even though his words were not reassuring.
Only after the vampire left did Neem feel like he was able to breathe properly. He was lucky that all the slaves appeared to be on the same page about not snitching on other slaves. It almost made him feel like he could connect with the group of underprivileged vampires despite the race differences.
Nightfall could not come soon enough, but just as it became dusk, an ominous drum sound could be heard in the distance. Cautiously, the nymph peered through the window in order to locate the sound. He was, however, fearful that he would see more carcasses like he had earlier. Luckily, that was not the case. From what he could see, a large group was approaching on the dirt road leading into Primye Dinastoro.
The walls shook when a loud sound boomed through their own kingdom. Neem instantly fell to the ground and covered his head. His sensitive ears were ringing. After a few moments, it became clear the sound coming from the castle was a sort of wind instrument—just one with a terrible sound.
Well, I think it’s clear to every being in the kingdom that the King and Queen of Borovnia have arrived. Blast—it’s clear to every being to the horizon line.
Neem allowed his joints to relax when the roaring sound died down, but he was mistaken in thinking it had ended. The nymph let out a snarl when the loud groan rattled the whole kingdom again.
Vampires have no taste in instruments. Being loud is not equal to sounding nice.
After another bellow, the horn appeared to finally be abandoned. By that point, the drum sounds were much more prominent, so they were likely almost at the castle.
The nymph slowly went back to the window and looked through it again. The large group were now no longer in sight, but that was because the road curved in the direction of the castle wall’s gates. He remained at the window despite the lack of view. There was nothing else to do in his chambers and he was far too energetic to sleep.
Not long now until Rekou and I get to escape.
After some moments of doubt, he had fully reverted back to full-heartedly believing they would succeed in getting away. Both Rekou and the other vampire slave had warned him of the consequences of getting caught and that there was no room for hesitation when their plan was set in motion.
There was absolutely no chance of sleeping. Even if his adrenaline drained, the sound of the festivities happening outside would keep him awake. He remained at the window, curious about how the vampires partied.
Ignoring the fact they were drinking blood, the gathering seemed similar to that of one in the Woodlands. Once a month, the forest creatures would celebrate the arrival of the new moon—when it was at its most violet—by crushing purple berries to feast on and smear across their bodies. He was thankful that the vampires were not lathering themselves in blood, but he could still see the resemblance.
Looking up at the sky, he realised he had actually missed the last Violet Moon Celebration.
I wonder if the nymphs celebrated it without me. Maybe they’ve already forgotten about me.
Nymphs were not the type to linger on the past, especially if it made them sad. They lived for hundreds of years, but when they did finally die, they were not missed. The philosophy of the species was that the Goddess decided when they were to return to the stars and be with her, so there was no tragedy when it came to death.
If they think I’m dead they won’t miss me. I want them to miss me. I miss them.
Neem shuttered when he heard the heavy wooden door creak. He had been resting his elbows on the windowsill and his head in his hands for what seemed like hours. There was nobody active in the castle grounds any more. Whatever animal blood they had been drinking was apparently strong enough to sedate them.
Two thoughts ran through his head upon hearing the sound: either Rekou had arrived or the vampire slave had ratted him out and the guards had come for him. Both options seemed equally plausible in his mind, so it was quite a relief to see the familiar face of the vampiress peer through the door. He was hoping to see her smiling as well, yet her face was very stern.
“Is it time?” he asked.
Rekou’s instantaneous hushing made it clear that he was being far too loud. It was hard to remain quiet when he was so excited.
“Map,” she ordered in a soft voice—she did not sound very confident.
The nymph hopped off the chest and circled around in order to open it. Right on top of the pile was the crumpled piece of paper and the rainbow shell next to it. He collected both items and passed the paper to her, which she tucked into the fabric around her waist.
There was a small flapping of his mouth when he debated telling her about the slave who had come across the objects, but in the end, he chose to keep it to himself—she looked stressed enough as it was.
“Most of the guards are asleep or distracted… We should remain very cautious, however.”
Neem nodded along, again making the choice to keep his mouth shut.
The same fear that the vampiress had started to consume him as soon as he stepped into the hallway. He felt so exposed outside of his room. If one person saw them, the plan went to shambles.
“Act calm if anyone approaches us,” Rekou murmured. She was clearly having similar thoughts. “All I have to do is explain that you’re being taking to the King, and nobody will question us.”
The journey through the castle was filled with nothing but suspense. It was well past midnight; everyone was asleep.
It took Neem a moment to realise that they were not following the previous route they had taken to get to the garden. They were now in a part of the castle he had never been to.
“Where are we going?” he whispered in the softest voice he could muster.
“The kitchen.”
Her answer was not helpful, but he assumed all would be made clear soon.
The smell of dead animals became all the more powerful as they neared the kitchen. The nymph was rather thankful when the vampiress requested he remain outside while she went in. Yes, being without Rekou made him feel very vulnerable, but he would likely faint if he tried to step in there.
Needless to say, he was quite horrified when the vampiress emerged from the kitchen with a chunk of red meat in her hand.
“W-why?” he gasped.
Rekou let out an irritated huff.
“It’s for the blood wolf. We need to gain its trust before we can ride it.”
Still repulsed, Neem chose to walk to the side of the vampiress that was furthest from the meat. He hated to think that an animal had to die so that they could escape, but he reassured himself that the animal had clearly died for other reasons; now it was simply aiding them even in death.
Both their hearts nearly stopped when they opened the door to the garden. There, they saw a figure leaning against a tree right in front of them. Completely frozen in place, it took Rekou a second to realise the vampire guard’s eyes were closed. A relief, yet anybody leaning against a tree could not be in a deep sleep.
She gestured for Neem to remain dead silent before taking a few more steps forward. Both flinched when the door made a thud sound as it closed. Luckily, the sleeping vampire did not seem to notice.
He could come-to at any moment, the nymph realised. His soul would leave his body right then if the vampire suddenly opened his eyes as they crept past him.
A small weight lifted from his shoulders once the guard was a fair distance away. Even if he did wake, the darkness would make them hard to spot. Rekou, on the other hand, kept looking back to ensure the guard was still napping. She knew that vampires could see very well in the dark, and a few trees would do little to shield them if anybody came looking.
“You go through first,” she whispered when they neared the large crack in the wall. They were actually quite lucky this part of the wall had not been repaired based on the arrival of the Borovnian royalty.
It was not exactly easy for the little nymph to fit through the gap. A large shard of rock sticking out grazed his chest and inflamed the skin as he wriggled through. He stumbled out to the other side when he had to yank his foot out, leaving scratches all over it as well.
Looking back through the crack, he felt vicarious anxiety for Rekou. She was much larger than him so making it to the other side was going to cost her some skin.
It took a moment for Neem to realise what she wanted when she stuck her arm through and reached for him. After a second, he took her hand and started tugging as she tried to make her way through the dense wall.
Rekou let out a hiss when the protruding, sharp rock dug into her stomach. When she finally managed to make it to the other side, the fabric of her garment was torn and stained with dark-blue blood. Despite this, she let out a small laugh of relief. The whole plan felt much more plausible now that they were beyond the castle walls.
“You best wait here,” the vampiress warned him.
Neem cocked an eyebrow out of confusion; what did he need to wait for this time?
In answer to his unspoken question, the vampiress pointed towards a large cave at the base of one of the hills that lay behind the kingdom. Unfortunately, the nymph’s poorer eyesight meant he could not see anything beyond Rekou.
“The den is not a safe place for you to go. They will see you as food. I’ll meet you back here soon.”
“And if you don’t come back…?” he asked hesitantly. He did not want to imagine that something happen to her, yet he could not rule it out.
“If that is the case, then get back to your chambers without being seen,” she stated bluntly before passing the chunk of meat between her hands.
Fear consumed the nymph when his friend vanished into the night. He kept himself backed up against the wall to ensure nothing could sneak up on him.
I never felt this fearful about the dark in the Woodlands, but this is a very different darkness—monsters are everywhere.
Looking down at the shell in his hand, the thought of his faun friend gave him comfort. If they could make it to him, then they would be safe.
Unless Dacen has been practicing magic out of that evil book and become bad.
He jeered at himself for that thought.
What did I say about thinking that way? Positive thoughts. Positive thoughts.
Staying in an optimistic headspace became far more difficult when he heard the sound of voices. He quickly crouched down and clung to the wall—there was nowhere to hide.
“Our gardens are much larger,” he heard a female voice say haughtily, “and certainly better kept. Who knows how many rodents you have in here with that large crack in the wall?”
A masculine laugh could be heard shortly after her comment was made.
“I was warned that Borovnians were proud, and now you’ve confirmed it… how often does a handmaiden get to stroll through the royal gardens in her own kingdom?”
“As much as she pleases. Does a mere hunter get to roam the castle or are we in the midst of rebelling?”
Carefully peering through the large crack, the nymph could see two vampires strolling along the path, guided by a lantern. Due to the darkness, it took him a moment to recognise one of his former captors. The name escaped him, but it was the less aggressive one of the two hunters who had tracked him down.
He quickly pulled away when the sound of heavy paws sprinting towards him could be heard. Rekou’s return and the sauntering vampires could not be a worse recipe for disaster.
He nearly fainted when two large, red eyes and white fangs appeared in front him. The large beast snarled at him before Rekou hushed it.
“What was that?” asked the vampiress on the other side of the wall. Neem did not hear her, however, as the blood wolf that was staring him down consumed his full attention.
Rekou, on the hand, had heard the voice. Her fears became realised when she made eye contact with a vampire staring through the crack.
“Get on!” she hissed at Neem.
The nymph tried to take a step forward, but the blood wolf snapped at him. He quickly jumped back.
“Voinil, where are we going?” the handmaiden could be heard asking as the vampire dragged her away and back towards the castle.
Rekou, distracted by the two vampires, was not in proper control of the young blood wolf when it suddenly lunged at the nymph. It was not fully grown, so even if she had been paying attention, she would have found it difficult to maintain authority.
Neem let out a yelp as he fell to the ground. The large paw on his left bicep felt heavier than a boulder, and there was no way to get it off.
“No!” the vampiress hissed.
Her firm tone was enough to stop the beast from taking a bite out of the little nymph.  It snarled again. Neem could feel its breath on his face as their eyes continued to meet. It was clear this beast desperately wanted to attack him—and had it been a pup, it already would have.
“Back off,” Rekou commanded.
Begrudgingly, the blood wolf complied and took a step back. Neem quickly scrambled out from underneath it. His heart was beating so fast that he felt it might explode.
“Hurry, we don’t have much time!”
Haste was not an option as the blood wolf again snapped at him when he tried to step to its side.
It’s not going to let me ride it.
“Stop that!” the vampiress commanded. “We don’t have time for this, you stupid beast.”
The blood wolf was quite irreverent. Neem even threatening to move made the creature snarl. The nymph took a deep breath and tossed the rainbow shell up to the vampiress. Although surprised, Rekou managed to catch the shell. Again, the blood wolf snarled based on Neem’s unexpected movements.
“Get to Dacen and show him the shell. He’ll know you’re being honest when he sees it.”
Rekou shook her head.
“No. I can’t leave you. Not here.”
“It’ll be fine. I’ll sneak back to my chambers right now. Nobody knows I’ve left. They only saw you.”
He could see the scepticism in Rekou’s eyes, but then was not the time for hesitance.
“There’s no time!” he squeaked. “Go. Find Dacen!”
“May Avsebaug grant you luck,” Rekou stated solemnly.
“Uh… Same to you.”
Neem again watched Rekou vanish into the night. He did not linger long and chose to endure squeezing through the wall once again when he could no longer see her.
Staying close to the wall rather than going onto the path, Neem cautiously made his way back to the castle. Given the restrictive time, he had not fully thought this plan through. Besides avoiding being seen, he could not exactly recall the way back to his chambers from the garden. The fact it was dark did not help. Even the garden looked unnervingly different at night—more sinister.
Fear lurched in his stomach when he reached the door. It was fortunate that the sleeping guard had left, yet he was very aware that vampires could come out to investigate the situation at any moment.
Hush! he squeaked internally as the door groaned. Luckily for him, no red-eyed being was waiting on the other side. Perhaps word was not getting around very quickly. After all, almost all the vampires in the castle were out, stone-cold, after the party.
Neem nearly tripped up on the stairs when he heard voices echoing through the hall above. Quickly, he turned around and went back down when he realised they were heading in his direction.
There were no places to hide at the bottom of the stairwell. Neem looked around frantically as he heard the small group walk down the stone steps. With little time to spare, he went out on a limb and slipped behind the closest door. If he was lucky there would be no one on the other side, but if he was not…
“Eh?” a male vampire grunted as he sat up and looked over the back of the fainting couch. A blue hand draped itself over the side as a vampiress lifted her head as well.
Internally Neem was screaming, but on the outside he was paralysed with fear. He had thought he was stepping into a storage closet, given the darkness. His eyes quickly adjusted to the dimly lit room and he realised it was actually quite large and furnished.
The vampiress was the first to react and quickly pushed the vampire away. As she dived for her garments, the male leapt over the couch—half-naked—and came for the little nymph.
Neem somehow managed to snap back into reality and quickly grabbed the door handle. It was true that there was likely a group waiting at the bottom of the steps for him, but evading them had to be easier than being trapped in a room with two vampires.
It came as quite a shock when he was jerked backwards by his hair as he was in the midst of stepping out. He could not help but let out a sharp yelp and reach back to try and pry the hand off. In the heat of panic, he made an attempt to dislodge the vampire’s firm grip by falling to the floor—using his body weight to pull away. This, however, only caused him more pain as the blue man kept hold.
While continuing to struggle, he was unaware of the small party approaching. All three were guards, but only the Borovnian one was still in armour, while the other two wore only their sabres.
“What is this?” the aggravated vampire asked the guards. “Some sort of human child?”
The two Primyen guards looked down at the struggling nymph. Being rather tipsy on unicorn blood, the more knowledgeable one let out a laugh when he realised who Neem was.
“That,” he began before pausing to smirk, “is King Klav’s blood slave.”
The half-naked vampire was still clearly confused, but he did ease his grip on Neem’s hair. Despite this, the nymph continued to try and get his hair out of the firm grasp. Had he been thinking rationally, he would have known that he had a very slim chance of getting away now.
“Why was it in my guest chambers?”
“I have no idea… Here,” he put his hand out. “I’ll take him back to his chambers.”
It was only a small relief when the half-naked vampire let go of Neem. He had no time to think when he was roughly pushed forward and into the one guard’s grasp.
A vampiress’ head popped through the doorway as she surveyed the situation before making eye contact with her lover. The vampire gave a small nod and let out a sigh.
“It’s your problem. Goodnight.”
Neem felt the grip on his shoulder tighten once the door was closed. This vampire’s relaxed appearance had been a façade.
“The King is not going to like having this night ruined, but we need to report this immediately.”
“I thought we were going to take him back to his chambers and then inform Klav in the morning.”
“No. There may be a bigger issue here. This thing’s battered and tattered. We must get this sorted right now.”
The Borovnian guard did not seem at all fazed by the whole situation. He rubbed his eyes lazily before patting the more sober guard once on the shoulder.
“I shall go get some sleep. Enjoy taking… this thing to your king.”
“No!” Neem whined when the guard released his shoulder and grabbed him tightly by the wrist.
“You, behave!” the guard hissed while placing his other hand on the handle of his sabre—a clear warning.
I must find a way out of this, the nymph thought as he was dragged through the halls. He had been given nothing but warnings about this situation. Now he was finally going to learn why all the slaves were so afraid of the King’s punishments.
King Klav III sat on a couch in the lounge with his head resting on his hand. Next to him sat his wife and across were the King and Queen of Borovnia. Both of the guests looked rather smug as Voinil explained the Rekou situation to him.
“… It appeared she was not alone—perhaps another slave—but I could not see the other person. Had I been able to squeeze through the crack, I would’ve gone after her. However, I should be able to catch up to her rather quickly if I head out now.”
The King ran his hands slowly down his face. A headache and embarrassment in front of the Borovnian royals was not a good combination.
“Why were you in our garden in the first place?” Queen Svetzada asked in a bemused manner. She was clearly still tipsy and not taking the situation very seriously.
“One issue at a time,” Klav snarled.
Voinil let out a small sigh of relief. If he was lucky, his trespassing would be forgotten by the time he returned Rekou to Primye Dinastoro.
All the vampires looked up with the groaning of the door being opened.
What now? Klav thought, mortified, as two guards led his blood slave in.
Nothing had been said yet, but the hateful glare that King Klav gave Neem made the nymph’s stomach cripple with fear.
He’s going to kill me.
“We found your blood slave outside of his chambers. It is likely that he was trying to escape,” one guard explained.
The Borovnian Queen let out a blatant scoff before leaning over to whisper something to her husband. It was at this point that Klav’s expression changed from enraged to cold—and that was all the more terrifying.
“Perhaps he was working with Rekou,” Voinil suggested. The air was dangerously stale, but he felt it was better to get on with things rather than dwell on the embarrassment in front of the Borovnians.
King Klav remained silent for a few more seconds. It was hard to tell whether he was contemplating Voinil’s suggestion or just trying to keep himself from lashing out and beating the hunter to death.
“Get Kroven. You two are to set out immediately.”
“Yes, Sir,” Voinil said with a small bow.
“Bring her back alive.”
“Of course, Sir.”
Neem and the hunter briefly exchanged a glance as Voinil departed. It was enough to tell Neem that the vampire regretted bringing him to Klav as a blood slave in the first place. He had caused quite a large amount of fuss for such a little being.
“I think it’s about time we retired to our chambers,” the Borovnian King suggested to his wife while stretching his arms. “We have been awake for quite some time.”
“Have a good night… or morning,” Svetzada said calmly as the two Borovnians stood up. “I can promise you all of this will be resolved in a matter of hours.”
“I’m sure it will be,” the King replied in a transparently doubtful manner.
“Sleep well,” Klav whispered while keeping his eyes on the nymph.
His mouth twitched slightly once the Borovnians closed the door. The fire in his eyes would soon melt his icy expression.
“Take him down to the blacksmiths’ shop. They know what to do with slaves who try to run away.  After that, take him to my chambers.”
Svetzada shot her husband a disgusted stare. He ignored her. The Queen stood up and strode out of the room without one word.
“Yes, Your Highness,” both guards chorused. Both now felt rather awkward to be caught in an unspoken quarrel between the two rulers, yet the King was of direct royal lineage and, therefore, held more authority.
Neem resisted when his wrist was grabbed once again. He recalled the pain he went through last time he was taken down to the blacksmiths. With his fear of the hot iron, he did not consider nor understand the implications of being taken to the King’s chambers afterwards.
“Stop struggling,” the guard holding his wrist growled as he dragged him down the stairs.
“I don’t want to be burned again!” Neem squeaked while continuing to disobey orders.
“Well perhaps you shouldn’t have tried to run away then,” the second guard stated indifferently. “I’m certain you knew there would be consequences, so you can only blame yourself.”
The only thing Neem could think about as the blacksmith towered over him was the Nature Goddess—where was she? Surely she knew he was about to endure severe suffering, so why did she do nothing? It felt as if the Goddess had been absent from his life ever since he was captured. What kind of deity abandoned their creations in their most dire time?
The Goddess has abandoned me, he thought as his eyes swelled with tears. I can only hope Rekou finds Dacen.
“Runaway slave,” the guard holding his wrist casually explained. “King Klav said you would know what to do.”
The blacksmith did not seem at all interested. He was barely awake, as shown by his complete disregard for safety; he lit the forge oven without even putting on his mask.
“Get him up on that table,” he grumbled while putting an oval-tipped brander into the fire.
With both guards handling him, it became almost difficult to fight back. There was little he could do even if he did escape their grasps, but that was not going to stop him from struggling.
His brain rattled when one of the guards grabbed his skull and smacked the back of it hard against the table. His minute of disorientation allowed for the guards to securely clasp onto his wrists and ankles, ensuring he could not escape his punishment.
“Struggling will only make matters worse,” the guard holding his wrists warned.
It couldn’t get any worse than it already is!
“No… nonononononono. Please!” Neem squealed as the blacksmith came towards him with the branding iron.
He let out a bloodcurdling scream as the glowing oval was pressed onto the sole of his foot. Both guards tightened their grips on his limbs as he put all his might into trying to escape the pain.
There was no time to gather his wits once the iron was taken away. Within a matter of seconds, his second foot felt as if it had been shoved into fire.
The nymph could not scream as loud, nor for as long, the second time. He was already feeling exhausted in his constant agony.
* * *
It took Neem a few minutes to order his memories. Before he even opened his eyes, he was greatly confused by the terrible burning sensation in his feet as well as the soft fur beneath him. In his semi-hallucinating state, he thought he was resting on a blood wolf that was eating his feet.
I was trying to escape, he finally remembered. The pain all over his body was a reminder. They burned me. They burned my feet very badly.
Opening his eyes, it was revealed that he was lying on the floor atop a dark, fur rug. He was not in his own chambers—that was for sure.
He gasped when a jolt of pain ran up both legs. Even brushing the soles of his feet against the fur as he stirred was excruciating.
“H-hello?” he asked in a voice barely above a whisper as he looked around the room. He appeared to be by himself, but he wanted to be sure.
Out the window, he thought while glancing to the side. Unlike in his room, there were no bars on the other side of the window.
His impulsive plan fell to pieces as he tried to stand. The pain is his feet was so great that his eyes welled up with tears. He rested against the base of the bed and looked up at the chandelier.
I will die if I don’t get out of here.
Putting both hands on the wooden frame of the bed, he hoisted himself up on his feet. At this point he noticed the end of each finger was crusted with silver blood—had they removed his fingernails? The pain was no indicator as he felt it everywhere.
His attempt at standing was only momentary, and he quickly fell back onto the bed relieving his feet of the pressure. Standing made it feel like iron was being pressed into his soles all over again.
Oh, Goddess, what do I do? Please save me.
Neem rubbed both of his watery eyes before sitting up and bringing his feet close so he could massage them. He did not care about the fact that he was sitting on an unknown bed, all that mattered was easing the pain.
Looking down, it became evident to him that some animal must have been killed and skinned in order for the King to have that rug he had been sleeping on.
Maybe that’s what Klav is going to do to me, he thought with dread.
He again reminded himself that he had to escape, but doing so on-foot was not going to be possible. Even if he did make it out the window, he would face much difficulty successfully getting away. The drop to the ground would certainly hurt, and then his only non-painful method of moving was crawling—that would not get him far at all.
Rekou is getting help. I must endure until then.
The sound of footsteps could be heard beyond the door he was facing.
Unless Klav kills me tonight.
The King was alone—and that somehow made the situation worse. If there were spectators, he would likely restrain himself, but now he did not have to save face for anyone.
“Already on the bed I see,” he said in a malevolent manner. “Excited?”
Neem had absolutely no idea what he meant by that. He chose to remain silent.
Klav strolled casually towards the wardrobe to the side of the window and began undoing his long tunic. The nymph followed him with his eyes but was too afraid to even turn his head.
“I have no doubt you have knowledge about Rekou’s escape, yet the question remains: why would you not go with her? You made it through the crack and then turned around and tried to go back?”
Again, Neem chose to remain silent. He felt any answer he gave would result in pain.
“No matter,” the vampire muttered while hanging up his tunic, “I will have the answers when she is returned to me. Probably within a matter of hours.”
She has to make it to Dacen, Neem thought. If she doesn’t, then we’re both doomed.
The nymph flinched as Klav sat down on the bed next to him. The vampire did not acknowledge Neem’s existence as he unlaced his boots.
Why is he not acting angry? Neem thought as he watched the vampire pull off his boot. The faint sign of a smile on that blue face was unnerving.
The King returned to the wardrobe and placed his boots in the lower shelf. Closing the wardrobe, he then spun around and locked eye contact with the nymph. The same fury seen in his eyes earlier was still present.
“You ready to regret ever being brought into this world?” he asked in a sadistically cheerful manner.
Neem instinctively leaned back and tried to crawl to the side when the vampire stood in front of him and bent down. At first, he had assumed the vampire was just going to bite into his neck and drink his blood, as he always did, but that assumption dissipated once he was pushed further up the bed and the vampire positioned himself on his hands above him. There was a deranged look in his eyes that implied a far darker punishment was about to take place.
He stifled his breath as the vampire leaned down and dug his fangs into his neck. Painful, yes, but nothing in comparison to the aching in his feet.
Oh no, Neem thought, petrified, as the King’s blue hand slid into his garment to his inner thighs. A finger teasing his most private area quickly sent him into a frenzy—he would not be violated like this without putting up a good fight.
Klav hissed as the nymph hysterically clawed at his chest and face. Both of them covered in blood as the nymph jammed his bruised fingers into any part he could attack. His new cuts stung, but they just infuriated him more than anything. It had been quite some time since any slave had tried to deny him.
Neem’s sporadic attack was put to a stop when Klav got up on his knees and slammed his fist down into the little being’s face. The first punch disoriented him, but the second and third drew blood. Both his mouth and nose ebbed silver liquid. Still, the nymph tried to fight. It was not until the vampire placed both hands on his little neck and pressed down hard that he stopped.
“Oh no,” Klav scoffed. “You took away my favourite slave… so now you’re going to take her place until she’s brought back.”
The nymph did not register what he was saying. Instead, he was trying to focus on getting air.
“Hands at your sides,” the vampire commanded.
He begrudgingly complied. There did not seem like any other choices if he wanted to remain conscious.
Neem could not help but let out a small sob as Klav untied the string holding his garment together around his waist. In the confides of the Woodlands, he took no issue with being so exposed, but the King’s malicious intentions made him feel vulnerable.
This feeling was further emphasised was the vampire slowly drew a line from his lips down to his midsection, using his finger. It took every ounce of Neem’s willpower to not recklessly start clawing at the King again.
“You should not have tried to run,” King Klav stated calmly while undoing the lace of his own hosen. “Let alone aided Rekou. Both of you are going to suffer horrifically,” he added.
Goddess, if you’re out there, I beg you to save me.

Seventeen
Dacen woke in a fright. Sweat dampened most of his body. He quickly patted himself down before wrapping his arms around his chest protectively.
He could not help but to break down sobbing while holding himself tightly. The feelings of violation, vulnerability, and fear were far too much for him to handle. He was already in such a fragile state after killing his former master and fleeing.
I’m not being touched. I’m not being attacked, he assured himself while looking around the valley anxiously. His dream had felt all too real.
Looking to the horizon, a faint light was starting to spread across the sky. He certainly was not going to get any more sleep, so he figured he might as well get moving. Perhaps travelling would allow him to take his mind off that horrid nightmare.
Unfortunately, even as he rode his golem mount, his mind was heavy with other thoughts. He had no plans for his future now that he had rejected his opportunity to be accepted.
I’ll do what I always do, he thought solemnly. Travel the lands without a home or purpose.
Perfect.
He pulled the golem horse to a stop when he noticed a path spiralling up a mountain. For some reason, every inkling in his being wanted to traverse that path.
If not manmade, it was probably made by vampires. I would be walking right into a trap.
But I must go that way.
Why?
Because I must.
Think rationally!
I must go with my gut feeling.
He now had two options: either venture to the end of the valley—which was only about another hour’s ride away—and turn the opposite direction, or take the mountain path or risk being caught by vampires.
Taking his eyes off the mountain, he gave the golem horse a light kick on the side as a gesture for it to continue forward. It did so at a moderate pace.
Within a matter of moments, he reverted his decision and spun the horse around, towards the base of the mountain path.
I might as well follow my instincts, he assured himself. What have I got to lose? Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Rekou ensured the young blood wolf maintained a fast pace, despite its repeated attempts to slow down. It was clearly tiring out and wanted to eat, but she could not risk any hunters gaining ground on her.
Since escaping, she had done very little thinking about the fate of Neem. She chose to work under the assumption that he had made it back to his chambers unnoticed and was, therefore, safe. Any other alternative outcome was too painful to think about.
“I know!” she hissed as the blood wolf let out another whine.
Without her control, the blood wolf came to a halt and started sniffing the air. It turned around and continued sniffing before letting out another whimper.
It smells its friends, she realised. They’re already catching up.
“Not now. Right now we continued forward,” she commanded while steering it back in the proper direction.
The beast stuck its nose up again while facing in the proper direction. Clearly it was torn as smells from both directions piqued its interest.
“Follow that smell,” she commanded while pointing forward. “Your pack will meet you there.”
The blood wolf made a whimpering sound, suggesting it did not believe her. Nevertheless, it continued forward at a good pace.
What has caught its attention in this direction? was Rekou’s first thought as they continued their charge.
On instinct, she was to assume it was danger up ahead if it was powerful enough for the blood wolf to catch its scent, but she feared what was behind her rather than in front.
If I’m lucky, it’s this so-called Dacen. If I’m unlucky, it’s my certain doom. Both are better alternatives to returning to Primye Dinastoro.
“Do you know what you smell?” she queried. “Is it a powerful creature?”
The beast let out one sharp bark.
“Then speed up.”
After another hour, the mountains walling off the valley came into view. Rekou sat atop a slope and perused the large area below. The young blood wolf was acting particularly agitated, which meant they had to be nearing whatever creature was emitting such power. She did not need to read her blood wolf’s gestures to understand that fact: her own senses were alert to the powerful being.
It must be Neem’s friend. It has to be.
Although she could sense the source of the power, no being could be seen. The area itself was rather barren with a few scattered trees and the rest being tall grass. There were not many hiding places.
Little did she know that the young hybrid had seen her blood wolf emerge at the top of the hill. Quickly, he dissolved his golem horse and kept low to the ground as he got to the nearest tree. Despite his attempt at hiding, he knew he would be found very quickly once the blood wolf came down to properly examine the area.
This is what you get for following your instinct and taking the route guaranteed to be dangerous, he thought scornfully. Next time—if there is one—be sensible!
Again, the young blood wolf seemed conflicted between two directions. Its head twisted front and back repeatedly. Rekou glanced back as well and, much to her dismay, two blood wolves could be seen off in the distance. They were moving at a lightning-fast pace and would be on her soon enough if she did not make haste.
“Forward,” she hissed. Although she tried to keep her voice emotionless, some fear did seep into her tone.
I can take them, Dacen reassured himself while glancing around the tree. From his view, it appeared only one blood wolf and its rider were coming his direction.
Rekou forced the blood wolf to halt again when a being suddenly appeared from behind a tree. His black horns instilled her with both fear and relief.
“Dacen!” she said in a friendly manner. She then leaned down to her growling wolf: “hush!”
The hybrid was taken aback by hearing his own name. At first, he thought the vampiress was one of the original hunters who came after him, but that one was back in Daefortis’ crypt… along with his mother and Daefortis.
What on earth? was his overall thought about the current situation. This vampiress seemed to know him and be sincere in her happiness to see him. His gaze was also drawn to her tattered, scanty garment and wounds. She certainly was not dressed like a hunter. 
The blue female appeared to on the verge of saying more when, much to both of their surprise, an arrow pierced her in the back. She sat there for a moment, all oxygen lost, before she slumped off her bewildered blood wolf and into the grass.
Glancing up, Dacen caught notice of the two blood wolves and their riders at the top of the slope. The situation was already maddening enough for him, but now his confusion turned to fear. He knew very well who the two hunters were. They would have gotten him if Daefortis’ phantoms had not intervened. He was on his own now.
Kroven got ready to draw back another arrow as he and his mount made their way down the slope followed by Voinil. Yes, they were meant to bring the slave back alive, but if she was a friend of the faun’s, then she was a threat.
Neither hunter said a word to each other, but both were confused by how Rekou knew of the faun and whether or not their encounter was by chance or planned. What was a greater shock was seeing the faun at all. Up until that point it had been assumed he had made it deep into the Ivy Mountains or had been killed by the phantoms, but now he stood right in front of them—an easy target.
The young blood wolf, confused by the death of its rider, looked feverishly from Dacen to the hunters. After a moment, it made the choice to return to the other members of its pack rather than pursue the powerful being.
Dacen wanted to get out of that situation. With effort, he could probably defeat the two hunters, but that would require murder, and that was something did not want to become akin to.
But why did that vampiress act like she knew me? Why did the hunters shoot her?
Quickly glancing down, the blue female appeared to still be clinging onto life, although it was hard to tell with her lying a fair distance away. Her chest was heaving rapidly—soon she would be on her last breath.
“We can’t take him,” Voinil hissed as they cautiously rode towards the faun. The third blood wolf followed behind with its head low.
Kroven, despite also knowing this fact, did not lower his bow. He craved revenge for Strakha more than the richest of dragon blood.
Dacen was surprised to find himself slowly walking forward towards the two hunters. He was petrified, but they were likely more scared of him than he was of them.
They can’t kill me, he told himself while staring at Kroven’s raised arrow. And they’ll meet my darker half if they try.
“We have no business with you,” Voinil called out. It was clear Dacen moving towards them made him uncomfortable. “We’re here for the slave and that is all.”
“That is all,” the faun repeated while gesturing to Kroven’s drawn back arrow.
I’ve already killed a mighty faun. These hunters are nothing compared to who he was.
He stopped walking when he was a few feet from the fallen vampiress. She was either dead or halfway there, eyes closed and chest still. He could not glance down for long while Kroven still had an arrow aimed at him, yet he could not help but stare at what the vampiress clutched in her hand. The rainbow shell glimmered despite the faint sunlight.
“Lower the arrow,” Voinil whispered to Kroven. “I’m trying to get us both out of here alive.”
“I will do no such thing,” the hunter replied sharply.
Voinil huffed before looking back at the faun. The horned man looked aghast by the fallen slave for whatever reason.
“Never mind her!” Voinil called out, trying to distract him. “We go our way with her and you go yours. Does that seem like a decent proposal?” The faun continued to stare down. “We’re not looking for any more bloodshed.”
She knew my name.
She has the shell I gave to Neem.
Out of the corner of his eye, Voinil saw Kroven relinquish the arrow. The vampire was a good shot, but if he missed, then the faun would kill them both for sure.
Dacen’s body froze when he saw the arrow. There was very little time to react. Deep within him, he felt a surge of darkness as his other half came to his defence. The arrow disintegrating into black dust before it reached his eye, and it was not his doing—well, at least not his intentional doing.
It took both vampires a moment to realise what had happened, but Voinil steered his blood wolf around and bolted back up the slope. The younger blood wolf followed suit despite not understanding why the hunter was running in the first place.
“Turn around and run,” Dacen warned the remaining hunter. The darkness was swelling within him, and it took every ounce of his willpower to not give into it.
Kroven begrudgingly lowered his bow. He hated that faun with a burning passion… but he would not die in such an imprudent way.
“What use is the dead slave to you?” he queried. If the nymph and Rekou had been scheming to meet with the faun, then he needed to relay that information to the King.
Dacen narrowed his eyes. He was beginning to put together that Neem, the dead vampiress, and the two hunters were all interconnected in some way.
“Turn around and run,” he repeated bluntly after a few moments pause.
The hunter smirked nonchalantly and turned his beast around. He did not ‘run’, however, and instead treaded at a leisurely pace. He was not about to let the faun think he was afraid of him.
Once the vampire was out of sight, Dacen quickly knelt down next to the dead vampiress and pried the shell out of her hand.
It’s definitely the same one. How did she get this? What has happened to Neem?
He knew there was one way he could get answers: necromancy. If he could bring her back, and bring her back right, then hopefully she would last long enough to give a few explanations.
But that would require returning to Daefortis’ den, he thought while carefully rolling the vampiress onto her side to inspect her wound. I need to heal the body in order to bring back the soul.
Although he had no desire to return, the healing spellbooks and required ingredients were all back there. He had his copy of Viti et Morsisa Daeformita, but that did not have any advanced healing spells or remedies.
From his satchel, he pulled out his miniature horse bust. He raised it in the air in preparation to conjure his mount, but hesitated.
Not fast enough.
 Placing the little wooden piece back into his bag, he instead pulled out his knife. It was not a weapon; its short blade and thick handle would prove little use in a fight. No, he had ‘bought’ it in a human village for the original purpose of whittling his golem steed. It was one of the first spells he perfected upon receiving Viti et Morsisa Daeformita by raven.
He snapped off a mildly thick branch from one of the few trees and broke it into a smaller piece. Sitting down next to vampire corpse, he began whittling away. It would take an hour or so, but his unrealised intention of doing this was to give himself a distraction from all the madness he had endured in the last few days.
After a few minutes of skewering the piece of wood down to a basic shape, he pulled the spellbook from his satchel and poured through it in order to find the right page. The method for conjuring the mount he wanted to create was unavailable, but he assumed the process was similar enough to making his golem horse.
Every so often, he would glance down at the vampiress’ face. He still could not figure out where to place her in his memories. They could not have ever met, and he had never had any favourable interactions with vampires.
It was strange she had known his name.
It was strange that she seemed happy to see him.
It seemed strange that the hunters instantly killed her.
It was strange she had the shell he had given Neem.
I’m going to need some good explanations when you get resurrected, he thought begrudgingly as he continued to shape the new, little bust.
The day was almost gone by the time he finished. Luckily, now all he had to do was add the final touch: he pressed the whittling knife into his thumb. He then ran his thumb over the little wooden piece, smearing it with blood.
Dacen stood up and licked his injured thumb once. Holding the wooden bust high, he then swiftly threw it down. He could not help but be a little proud of himself as black dust spat out of the bust and began to form the shape of a large beast.
Surely it can’t be that different from riding a horse, he convinced himself once the beast was fully formed.
At first, he thought his mount would kill him. Despite it being conjured by his own magic, he was unable to bring himself to fully trust the golem blood wolf.
The dark creature slowly turned its head to look at him, then turned it away again and stared passively at the mountains. It was only a blood wolf in shape, thankfully not in instincts.
Dacen quickly gathered his possessions back into his satchel and threw it over his shoulder before turning his attention to the vampiress. His legs wobbled as he picked up the corpse. In order to avoid throwing up, he chose to focus on not falling backwards rather than the fact that he was carrying a dead body.
The blood wolf shifted slightly as he draped the vampiress over the back of it before straddling the beast himself. The coarse, grainy fur felt strange in Dacen’s hands as he ran them down the back of the beast’s neck. Although he did not like to admit it: he had been envious of the vampires ever since his first encounter with them years ago. The right to ride such a grand predator was something he desired. Blood wolves meant power.
“Show me how fast you can go,” he murmured to the lifeless imitation. He could only imagine what it felt like to ride the real, living thing.
His joints stiffened as the mount suddenly broke into a high speed. A horse’s gallop was nothing in comparison to a blood wolf’s dash.
The faun put one hand on the vampiress’ corpse behind him while the other firmly grasped the fur on the back of the beast’s neck. Riding the blood wolf, in the first place, would be for nothing if he lost the corpse along the way.
What a way this would be to die, he thought, terrified, as the beast continued at the same pace up the mountain trail. The narrow path meant he was constantly looking down the mountainside—the fall would certainly kill him.
It was night, and he was travelling at a high speeds around a mountain. Dacen let out a laugh of exhilaration. Regardless of whatever terrible news the vampiress had in store for him, he would enjoy this moment and worry about the future later.

Eighteen
It was quite a long time before Rekou became fully conscious and aware of her surroundings. Sanity did not come easily after her mind had been in the oblivion for however long. All she had was a vampire’s most basic of instincts: feed.
At first, she was afraid of herself when she realised she was biting into the wrist of a humanoid. If death had not made her mad, the taste of such rich blood was certainly doing so. Even though much of her mind had returned, she was unable to bring her fangs away from the already-scarred arm. The blood was rich to the point of being an intoxicating addiction.
As all her focus was on the arm of the creature, she was not fully aware of her surroundings. She was completely oblivious to the fact that she was inside, on a stone floor.
Whose arm is this? she finally asked herself. She managed to remove her mouth from the flesh in order to take a much-needed breath.
The vampiress looked down at herself first: tattered and front coated in a fresh layer of red blood—how long had she been feeding?
I’ve killed Dacen.
With that thought, she quickly crawled away. Her vision was still fragmented. All she could take into proper recognition was her blue arms as she crawled across the stone floor.
Who’s Dacen?
Dacen… Dacen is the friend of…. Neem. Neem! Dacen is Neem’s friend and I am… I am Rekou. I am looking for Neem’s friend, Dacen. Is that Dacen? she thought while looking back at her previous meal.
The arm closest to her had its sleeve messily pushed up and smeared with blood. With her poor vision—and memory—she was greatly confused by the black objects attached to each side of the man’s head.
Horns, she concluded while crawling closer. Dacen has horns. Dacen is a faun and a friend of Neem… Yes.
But is he asleep or dead?
“Unconscious,” a voice answered behind her.
Taonhi Chay looked down at the pitiful, blood-drenched face of the creature. It clearly tried to let out a surprised scream, but its previously unused vocal chords emitted more of a gargled gasp.
If this is necromancy in all its glory, then perhaps it’s a power fauns don’t want, she thought begrudgingly. The blue creature tried to back away, but was blocked by Dacen’s body.
“Fear not,” she said in an insincere manner. “I’m not here to harm you. Whatever the mongrel has planned for you is none of my business.”
The mongrel? Who is the mongrel? Who is she?
“He is the mongrel,” she replied while gesturing to the unconscious hybrid. “Who I am does not concern you.”
A clear return to basic emotions, the old doe noted as she clopped towards the vampiress. The blue creature went rigid as soon as she started moving.
“Move,” she demanded as she knelt down to inspect Dacen’s arm.
The vampiress quickly complied. She tried to stand and run, but her legs we weak, and she hit the stone floor. Instead, she was forced to crawl again.
Taonhi Chay ran her hand over Dacen’s arm once. The blood remained, but the bite marks were gone. The much older—self-inflicted—scars remained, however.
“He will be unconscious for some time,” she explained while standing up again. “Hopefully you will still be alive by then. It’s hard to tell how long you have.”
How long I have? I’m going to die?
Then Rekou remembered: I already died.
“Now it’s coming back to you,” the doe chuckled, yet her tone suggested she thought none of this was actually funny.
It took a moment for the vampiress to realise what the female faun was implying when she held out her hand. Taonhi Chay then realised her hand was still bloodied and pulled it back. She blew on the hand with the supernatural force of a hurricane, and the blood particles vanished. Again, she put her hand out for the vampiress to take.
Rekou complied hesitantly. The doe could very well be leading her to her doom, but was she even in a state to resist?
Perhaps I am still dead and this is all an eternal nightmare, she considered as she shakily stood herself up.
“Unlikely,” Taonhi Chay replied. “Unless I am also dead, I’m afraid this is very real.”
“I am so terribly confused,” Rekou whispered. Her vocal chords were still adjusting to being revived.
“Understandable.”
The female faun led her into a small office and pulled her out a seat on one side of the desk. She then clopped to the other side and took a seat herself.
“Tea?” the female faun while gesturing to the green, ceramic teapot and cups at the far end of the desk.
Rekou shook her head slowly. She was suddenly feeling very tired. Perhaps the mere walk from Dacen to this office had worn her out.
Despite her decline, Taonhi Chay poured two cups. The vampiress was about to decline again, but then the doe ran a finger across her wrist. In her path she left an open wound. After a few drops of blood fell into the cup below, she retraced the wound with her finger, sealing it back up again.
“How about now?”
Rekou quickly took the cup. On instinct, she wanted to gulp the whole thing down in one go, but she restrained herself. After one sip, she set it back down.
“I have many questions,” she whispered. Speaking any louder would cause her voice to crack.
“As do I,” the doe said.
“How am I alive?” the vampiress began with. “I know I died.”
“And how do you know that?”
Rekou sat there, looking confused, as sorceress took a sip of tea.
“I never said you died, so how do you know you died?” she continued after setting the cup back down.
“I… What? I was killed… I think.”
“And do you recall anything after your said death?”
“I, um, I don’t know.” She gestured to her head. “My memory is very shrouded.”
“Rekou, you may be the only mortal who knows if there is an afterlife. Think harder.”
The vampiress again opened her mouth to object. Her expression changed, however.
“I don’t recall telling you my name.”
The old doe chuckled.
“I think I’ve proven that your mind is open to me. I know almost all there is to know about the Fire Queen.”
Rekou stopped breathing for a few moments. She had not worn that title for years. Its mere utterance brought back many painful memories.
“If that is the case,” she began after swallowing back her emotions, “then why don’t you tell me whether or not I experienced anything in death?”
Taonhi Chay shrugged, indifferent to the sudden surge of pain she had caused the other woman.
“The memories, if there are any, appear to be suppressed. Perhaps you have already forgotten. It may very well be as difficult as recalling a dream.”
“I remember nothing,” Rekou stated firmly. “It is not my place to understand the afterlife.”
“That may be the case,” the female faun agreed before taking another sip of tea. “Tell me, do you recall anything of your resurrection process? That is the information I have much more desire for.”
“Resurrection process?”
“Dacen, the half-breed. He is the reason you’re sitting here. Do you recall your very first moments of consciousness?”
The vampiress took another sip of her own tea, savouring the essence of blood. She then reflexively ran her hand through her hair—an anxious tick she had.
“I… I don’t know. I was not myself when I returned to the living,” she admitted. “Dacen… I had been sent to find him to help,” Neem is still in trouble, “my friend, but I found myself drinking his blood as he lay unconscious. As rich as his blood is—when I’m my proper self—I would never attack anybody I was trying to ally with, let alone somebody who had just saved my life.”
“The liminal phase,” Taonhi Chay pondered aloud. “Halfway between death and life.” She then gave the blue woman a very serious stare. “I’m afraid you’ll soon find yourself there again… between life and death.”
Rekou inhaled deeply. Usually her imminent death would strike fear in her heart, but the situation was already so surreal that returning to death seemed like a very logical outcome.
“How long would you predict I have? I must speak with Dacen.”
“I’m aware of your quest. Dacen should be awake in a matter of hours, and you will probably be alive then.” Rekou was confused when the doe scanned her body up and down, looking past the flesh. “You’re already gradually deteriorating again. I know nothing about life expectancy after resurrection, but if I had to guess: two days. Probably less. A shame, further inspection would possibly give me the opportunity to understand the effects of returning from death.”
The vampiress let out a solemn laugh. She then took another sip of tea. Yes, she had already had her fix of blood—enough to last her weeks—but she was going to consume as much as possible in the little time she had.
Both women looked back when the door opened. In the archway stood a younger doe. Draped over her arm was a grey dress.
“I suppose it’s time to leave. I have seen enough,” Taonhi Chay concluded while standing up. “My apprentice has found you a dress to replace the rags you’re currently wearing.” The younger doe carelessly chucked the dress onto Rekou’s lap while the older, female faun walked around the side of the desk. “Farewell, Fire Queen. I hope you are successful in saving the nymph.”
Rekou swallowed again and adjusted her chair so that she could properly look at them.
“Thank you,” she murmured. “I know this may be too much to ask, but would you happen to know if the nymph is all right? Perhaps you can find his mind.”
“I could,” Taonhi Chay agreed, “but it appears that there is no mind to find.”
The vampiress’ mouth dropped open. Before she could ask more questions, the Apprentice slammed the door shut. Rekou threw the dress off her lap and staggered to the door. Upon opening it, the hallway was empty. Only the breeze of a recent teleportation met her.
No mind to access? Neem is dead?
Dacen’s mind flooded with memories and many questions once he realised he was lying on the stone floor. He regretted sitting up so quickly, as a bolt of pain ran through his head.
He tensed slightly when he noticed something move out of the corner of his eye. Against the wall sat a vampiress dressed in grey. It took him a moment to realise this was the same woman he had met just beyond the mountain pass. Not only had her clothing changed, but her complexion was now hollow and sickly.
I resurrected her, he remembered. Next to him was the satchel, and in it, was the shell he had given Neem.
“Dacen,” she said in a scratchy voice before crawling towards him.
Instinctively, he backed away. It was at this point that he noticed the blood near his exposed forearm. There was no new wound, but surely something had happened.
Rekou paused and halted by resting on her legs.
“Did you…?” he trailed off before pulling his sleeve down. “Never mind. There are far more important things to discuss.”
“Oh yes there is,” Rekou agreed while shaking her head feverishly.
“First off: what is your name and how do you know me?”
“I am Rekou and I am a friend of Neem’s. He told me to find you.”
Oh no.
Dacen’s horrified expression told her he had already pieced together a fair amount of the story.
“How does Neem know a vampire?” he asked. His tone was almost angry.
“He was brought to the kingdom of Primye Dinastoro by hunters.”
Dacen stood up and put his hands on his head while pacing the room. Reluctantly, Rekou continued: “He was—err—is the King’s blood slave. We made a plan to escape together and find you. We assumed you could fight off any hunters that came for us.”
Kroven. That bastard! I should’ve killed him when I had the chance.
The hybrid looked back down when the vampiress reached into the top of her dress. From her breast, she pulled out a piece of paper and unfolded it—a map from Primye Dinastoro to the Ivy Mountains. Dacen quickly took it from her and inspected it.
“W-why isn’t Neem with you?” he stammered.
This is all my fault.
“There was very little time. The blood wolf would not let him on. He told me to continue without him while he ran back to the castle. But… a faun lady—” 
“Taonhi Chay?”
Rekou shrugged. She had never learned the doe’s name.
“She came before you woke up and said she cannot find his mind. So maybe he’s… I don’t know.”
Dacen stopped pacing. His back remained to the vampiress.
“Maybe he’s what?”
She exhaled deeply.
“Dead. But you can bring him back… right?”
You brought me back… even if I have very little time left, she finished internally.
The hybrid put his face in his hands again. The shaky movement of his shoulders suggested he was sobbing even if he made no sound. After a few minutes had passed, he finally let out a proper breath.
My only friend is dead and it’s all my fault.
“How…” he tried to begin, but he quickly put his fist to his mouth. He took some deep breaths before he continued: “how long has Neem been a slave?”
“Some time now. My concept of time is poor, but certainly over a month.”
He is the being I’ve been feeling the emotions of, Dacen realised, letting his hand drop. All this time. All this time it’s been him. And when I thought somebody was attacking me it was actually…
Dacen spun around to face the vampiress again. His glare was enough to make Rekou stop breathing momentarily.
“Why couldn’t he just escape with you?” he snarled.
She opened her mouth to object, but she had already made her point. He was directing his anger at the wrong person—she knew that he knew that too.
“You can save him,” she assured him. “Dead or alive: you can save him.”
The vampiress jumped a little when a large crack suddenly appeared in the floor. It was almost a direct line between her and the hybrid. Dacen looked equally surprised, but his expression quickly became stone again before he continued pacing.
“If he’s,” he sighed and started again: “If he’s dead, then he will remain that way. You’re my most successful resurrection so far—and even as we speak you’re waning. I couldn’t do that to him.”
Rekou nodded solemnly. This temporary return to life was not all that enjoyable. Neem had already suffered enough.
“But I choose to work under the assumption that he’s not dead.”
She cocked an eyebrow. She wanted to hold out hope as well, but the female faun’s word had given her a pessimistic outlook.
“We’re telepathically linked. It’s not within my control, yet while sleeping I share his emotions. I may be awake now, but if he was truly dead, then I know I would feel it in my very core.”
Rekou gave a small nod. She liked his thinking, even if this was a situation to remain sceptical in.
“I will save him,” Dacen said to himself more than her.
He walked a few feet and bent down to pick up the crumpled map. He had dropped it at a certain point in his panicked pacing. It would only take a day or so to get to the kingdom if he rode his new mount—he only hoped his nymph friend had that much time.
But I can’t just barge in there and walk out with Neem.
“Primye Dinastoro is quite well-guarded. More so right now because my escape and the presence of allies,” Rekou said as if she had read his mind. “You seem to be a very powerful warlock, yet I assume even you would find it difficult to take on a whole army.”
The hybrid clasped his hands together and put them to his lips in an almost holy manner. All he wanted was Neem, not a war.
“Whatever your plan,” Rekou began cautiously, “I ask you to avoid harming the slaves in the castle. In fact, perhaps you could save them t–”
“No,” he interjected bluntly. He ignored the vampiress’ rather surprised expression. “There is no way I could save all the slaves and be covert. You’re right: I am powerful, but I don’t have what it takes to be a grand saviour of the slaves and destroyer of the kingdom’s forces.”
“Understood,” Rekou murmured. “It’s probably wise for you not to engage with vampire politics.”
The hybrid had no idea what she meant with that. His assumption was that there was some inter-kingdom war going on between vampires. Slaves just did not appear out of nowhere after all. It was not his place to get involved, however. He owed Neem for his kindness and that was it.
“But how do you intend to be covert in the first place? If the horns do not give you away, your stench will.” Rekou thought about what she said for a second. “I mean… well, I could smell you from quite a fair distance away. It is likely they will be able to detect you as well.”
“That’s true,” Dacen agreed.
He pondered suitable plans while pacing.
A bright flicker flashed through his eyes when a brilliant thought struck. He clapped his hands together and allowed a faint smile to spread across his face.
“Where are you…?” Rekou began as he strode out of the room. She did not manage to finish and did not try—he probably would not have answered anyways.
She got the sense he was being particularly short with her based on the fact she wore the face of an enemy: red eyes, fangs, blue skin. It was unlikely Neem would be his friend if he was always this disengaged and blunt.
Rekou began to question when he would return after many minutes passed. Perhaps, in the heat of the moment, he had just taken off and was on his way to Primye Dinastoro. This idea was snuffed out when he returned to the room. The hybrid carried a small pouch in one hand, a pristine silver platter in the other, and a large book held under one arm. Rekou could not put together a story in her head about how these objects could help save Neem.
“Liar’s dust,” he explained while gesturing to the small pouch. All the while he set the large book and platter down on the nearest table.
The vampiress narrowed her eyes—was she supposed to know exactly what ‘liar’s dust’ was?
As demonstration, Dacen poured a bit into his hand and then glamorously tossed it onto his head. Rekou’s eyes widened as his horns suddenly faded out of existence. He looked just like a human and, more importantly, he smelled like a human. Somehow the dust cloaked his powers.
“That is some very powerful magic,” she commended while standing up in order to come over and get a better look.
Dacen grabbed the platter and used it as a mirror to admire himself. He much preferred how he looked as a human than he did as a faun… even if the difference was only his horns.
He flinched slightly as the vampiress put her hand up to try and touch his head. He had not seen her coming given the fact she had no reflection in the mirror. The vampiress hesitated upon seeing his reaction, but he then gave a small nod and allowed her to continue.
“Oh my,” she gasped when her hand breezed through the area where his horns used to be. “I thought they would just be invisible. They’re really not there.”
“Well, they’re there,” Dacen rebutted. “They’re just not, err, tangible.”
“I’m so close, and I can barely smell you,” she also noted. From a distance, all she could smell was human, but now that she was right in front of him, she could sense his magical presence.
“So perhaps I can disguise myself as a vampire and just walk right into the kingdom.”
The vampiress beamed, baring her fangs.
“Perfect!” she said in a moment of glee, then her scepticism returned: “Do you know how to disguise yourself as a vampire?”
He shook his head, but tapped the book on the table.
“I bet I can figure it out… and I’ll probably need you.”
She cocked an eyebrow.
“Why?”
“Your blood… hair,” he quickly explained. “I’m sure a sample from your kind is needed in order to conjure the dust.”
Rekou mouthed an ‘ah’ sound and then turned her attention to the book.
“Take a seat,” Dacen suggested while gesturing to a rickety chair on the other side of the table. “This could be a while.”
“How long?” she asked anxiously while making her way around the table. If the female faun was right, and Neem had no mind, then surely he had very little time. Then again, she was running out of time as well.
“Alchemy is not a quick process,” he snapped, although his tone suggested he was annoyed by his own words more than anything.
The pair was silent as Dacen hunched over the table and poured through the book. Rekou did not want to attempt to make small talk. The situation was much too serious for that. Also, she needed Dacen to focus: the more focused he was, the quicker he would figure it out.
Eventually, he landed a chapter dedicated to disguises. Apparently, liar’s dust was not the only way to go about masquerading himself, but it looked like the least time consuming method.
“I think we may have it… Providing we have all the ingredients,” he cautiously explained to the vampiress. “I don’t even know what the feather of a Valkyrie looks like. Dae, err, my former master has a whole chest of feathers. It will be very hard to pick it out if it’s there.”
“I could probably find it.”
The hybrid raised a suspicious eyebrow.
“You encounter Valkyries frequently?” he asked sarcastically.
“I’ve feasted on their blood. I know the magic scent I’m looking for.”
Dacen sneered—he had probably not wanted an answer to that question.
The blue woman stood up and slowly made her way around the table. She was already looking dangerously thin despite the fact she had had some good muscle on her earlier.
“Take me to your feather collection.”
“It’s not…” he sighed without finishing his objection. Instead, he put out his arm and gestured for her to grab on—she would likely fall without his aid.
“Valkyries,” he laughed uncomfortably. “From what I know, those are only found very far north.”
“Ivanhal Mountains, yes. I’m from further north myself,” she explained. “Certainly not that far north, but if major celebrations called for grander meals, then the hunters would make the journey.”
Dacen found himself both mildly impressed and repulsed. On one hand the fact the vampiress had diverse meals did imply she had to have some renowned status in her former kingdom, but on the other she did kill and drink the blood of sentient beings.
Don’t we all, though.
In a much more claustrophobic room, he helped her sit down atop stacked crates. Daefortis had been quite the hoarder of magical things, but that was likely due to the difficulty of coming across most of these ingredients.
“And what is the most powerful creature to ever quench your thirst?” he asked casually, but he allowed his tone to be almost mocking. All the while he started unstacking crates, boxes, and chests in order to find the desired one.
“You.”
He paused briefly, then glanced down at his blood-stained sleeve.
“Right. So besides me: what other powerful creatures have quenched your thirst?”
“Dragons.”
“Of course.”
“Unicorns.”
“A given.”
“A sphinx one time.”
Dacen glanced back at her with that revelation. Those creatures were native in the surrounding area to where he was brought up. Even still, he had never seen one throughout his childhood. The rarest of creatures.
“And how did you come across one of those?” he asked nonchalantly, trying to hide the fact he was impressed.
Rekou started to laugh, yet it was cut short when she started to cough instead.
“A suitor offered it to me.”
“An impressive gift they certainly worked hard to get.”
“I accepted the gift… but turned them down.”
Dacen let out a single pitched laugh.
“So you didn’t use to be the kind, selfless being you portray yourself as now, then?”
He turned back and awaited her reply. She shrugged indifferently and shook her head.
“I suppose not.”
“Ah hah!” Dacen exclaimed triumphantly when he finally uncovered the chest he was looking for. “Time for you to put your supposed refined sense of smell to good use.”
“Supposed?”
Dacen lulled his head from side to side as he turned around and put the chest down in front of her.
“You talk big.”
Rekou scoffed.
“Open the chest. I can sense some very strong magical properties… probably gryphon.”
“You’ve tasted them too I assume?”
“Oddly enough: no.”
Dacen passed her the many different feathers, one at a time. She seemed close to finding a Valkyrie feather a few times, but they were just false alarms. He began to worry there were no Valkyrie feathers in Daefortis’ possession. If that were the case, he would have to try one of the other disguising concoctions—and heavens knew how long that would take.
“Do you really know what you’re looking for?” he asked in an agitated manner while passing her a brown and yellow speckled feather.
Are you even a condition to be searching?
Rekou scowled and put the feather up to her nose.
“I know your sense of smell is not as attuned, but I know what I’m looking for. You can sense power to some extent, I assume.” Dacen nodded. “Well, with more heightened sense you find out that magical properties are unique by species. Blood wolves are much better at this than I am, but if you focus your senses…” her words faded away as the hybrid handed her a white feather with a golden tip. Her sudden arousal in curiosity gave him hope.
“Is it a Valkyrie feather?”
“It certainly looks like one,” she replied while holding the stem between her index finger and thumb. A smile formed on her face once she put it below her nose. “Oh yes. It is.”
Dacen let out a small sigh of relief. It had been quite a stab in the dark to assume Daefortis would have one lying around. It appeared to be the only one given the fact there were only a few other feathers left—he could not mess up his liar’s dust concoction because there would not be a second chance.
“Oh, and Dacen?” Rekou asked as he helped her stand.
“Yes?”
“Don’t tell Neem any of what I told you. He likes to think I’m not on the low level other vampires are, and I’d like that to remain his image of me.”
Dacen laughed.
“Not to worry. He thinks the same about me… Such a sweet little being. I don’t think he knows what I really am. I don’t think he has the ability to understand.”
“And what are you?”
“A monster.”
The vampiress patted his shoulder sympathetically as they walked out of the room.
“Me too. Me too.”
* * *
Dacen could not help but laugh when he looked at his reflection in the mirror. He barely recognised himself with blue skin and red eyes. The bags under his eyes showed it had taken a day and a night to successfully make liar’s dust—hopefully he had done it in time to save Neem.
Must show Rekou, he remembered.
Collecting the dust into a brown pouch, he headed for his former room. It was strange returning there and remembering that it was no longer his room. He had to keep reminding himself that Daefortis was dead and he was once again a nomad.
The vampiress was barely conscious when he entered. By that point, she was no more than a skeleton trapped in a thin layer of blue flesh. In a week, she would be dust.
“Rekou,” he whispered.
Her eyes fluttered before opening. The look she gave him at first suggested she failed to recognise him or understand the situation whatsoever.
“It’s Dacen,” he reminded her while kneeling down next to the stone bed.
The coughing suggested she was trying to laugh.
“You’re blue.”
He nodded while taking her cold hand. She was so delicate that he felt her hand would fall right off if he was too rough.
“I must thank you for making the journey for Neem’s sake. I will save Neem. And… I’m sorry I couldn’t save you as well.”
As severance, Dacen pulled up the sleeve of his non-scarred arm and offered it to her. Rekou let out a small cough while shaking her head. Instead, her once red eyes, not a putrid brown colour, locked with his.
“Never harm him.”
He said nothing as the vampiress gave her last breath. Her eyes remained open but unseeing. He had to take a deep breath to calm himself before wiping away a stray tear. He was sure the little bit of water had smeared his disguise, and he would need to put more liar’s dust on.
Despite trying to remain outwardly stoic, he found himself feeling more grief for this vampiress than he did when he stared at the corpse of his own mother. Then again, the many other things bearing on his mind at this time were likely a contributing factor to that.
I would never harm Neem, he thought while gathering his things together. He considered taking a few more of the spellbooks or potions, but his satchel could only hold so much.
Looking at the map and the distance to the kingdom, he realised he probably needed to rest at some point. He would pass out if he tried to ride the golem blood wolf all the way to Primye Dinastoro after depriving himself of sleep the night before.
Neem doesn’t have time for me to rest, was his first instinctive thought. But I’m no use to him if I show up and fail to save him based on sleep deprivation. Sleep now.
Daefortis’ room was rather suave. The oak bed frame and feather-stuffed mattress certainly looked inviting. Quite a step up from the stone slab he had called his bed. He had never been into his former master’s chambers beforehand, but with the dead vampiress in his own he did not have many other options.
After removing all of his clothing, Dacen wrapped himself up in the blankets and buried his face in the pillow, in turn rubbing off more of the liar’s dust. Despite all the chaos that burdened his thought, he managed to drift off quickly. He had not slept in such a comfortable bed for a very long time.
He was actually too comfortable in his slumber that night. He did not realise it, but no external emotions were penetrating his mind. If he had realised it, he would have woken up more terrified than he had been the other night when he had felt too much emotion.

Nineteen
The hybrid had a very poor concept of time when he finally awoke. The darkness of the cave room made him feel as if it was still the middle of the night, but his feeling of rejuvenation told him he had slept for a good many hours.
Now no more dillydallying, he thought as he threw the covers off himself.
Snapping his fingers, the candles on the bedside flickered alive—a trick he had learned from Daefortis. The illumination allowed for him to find his clothes which were spread across the ground. Apparently, he had been tired enough that he just carelessly threw his clothes everywhere rather than tidily folding them.
His naïve first thought about the day was making Rekou and him some breakfast. This idea worked on no levels. He soon remembered Rekou only drank blood… and was also dead.
Another one on the pile, he thought morbidly. How he wished Neem would not join that heap of bodies stacking up on his conscience.
After getting his things together, he made his way to the kitchen. Luckily, most of the food was still fresh; only a few of the fruits were showing signs of aging. After eating a small amount cheese and fruit, he wrapped a loaf of bread in some cloth for the journey. He had to shove it into his satchel with some effort now that the bag was stuffed.
Again, he examined his reflection in the silver platter. Most of the dust had rubbed off while he was sleeping. The area around his eyes and upper lip were still blue, but a fair portion of his horns could be seen again. He would apply more dust when he neared Primye Dinastoro territory. The golem blood wolf moved at such high speeds that it would probably come off he tried to put it on beforehand.
Looking at the crumpled map, the kingdom did not seem like it would be hard to find. He had already been heading in that direction when he came across Rekou. No, the problem was getting into the castle and finding Neem. He would look like a vampire of sorts, but he could not exactly just wander the hallways without raising suspicion.
Perhaps invisibility dust would have been more useful, he thought. But I’m not even sure if that’s a thing.
When he finally set out, it turned out to be dawn. On horseback he would have assumed the adventure would take two days minimum, but the golem blood wolf could probably make it in less. The beast was already halfway down the Ivy Mountain despite the fact they had only departed a few minutes before.
There was the issue of the power draining, however. His training with Daefortis had allowed him to perform more magic without getting so easily tired, but keeping a golem composed would drain him after such a long ride. He would be a mess by the time he reached his little nymph friend. If he was lucky, his darker half would take over and not murder everyone he came into contact with. If he was unlucky, he would pass out right in the middle of the vampire kingdom.
* * *
It was deep into the night by the time Dacen began to see faint lights in the distance. He was fortunate that his ride had been uneventful, given the fact he was now in vampire territory.
He dissipated the golem blood wolf before dropping to his hands and knees, the tiny wooden bust in-hand. The sudden tension release of no longer keeping the blood wolf formed caused a surge in his innards. At first, he felt as if he was going to throw up, then the sensation travelled further upwards and made his head feel as if it was made of stone. His body was trying to force him unconscious.
Neem does not have time for me to take another nap! he growled internally. Yet he was now resting on his arms and allowing his head to touch the ground.
After a minute or so, he managed to stagger to his feet. His head was still a burden as it lulled back and forth, but he was not going to let it stop him.
Some liars dust got lost in the field as he carelessly poured it into his hand before throwing it over his head. The hybrid usually became agitated and reckless when he had a mild headache, so what he was feeling now made him want to murder anyone who got in his way
The pain did ease as he trudged onwards. It was hard to tell if he had just adjusted to it or if his body had given up on trying to knock him out. Either way, the desire to save his friend would have even overpowered the pain of a sabre through the chest. The little beacon of light in his life did not deserve such a horrid fate.
Fear seeped into his mind when he came to the edge of the village. Up beyond all the little houses stood the large castle—how would he find Neem in there? 
Dacen was lucky he had arrived so late at night, but even then, there were still vampires wandering about. He managed to maintain a stoic expression, even as a few glanced up at him. The few that gave him an intent look made him fear that there was a flaw in his disguise.
My hair, he realised.
All the vampires had long, black hair. His hair, although the right colour, was short. They would probably guess he was an outsider, but hopefully, they would think he was just a nomad vampire rather than something else in disguise. He casually pulled his hood up over his head, making it more difficult for onlookers to see his hair. Nobody had heckled him yet, so perhaps it was not a major issue, but he did not like having to take chances.
After some time, he was at the grand entrance to the castle. There were, of course, guards everywhere, and walking straight through the gate was not an option. Already, some of the guards were shooting him daggers for just standing near the castle walls. He strolled away as if he were just on a midnight walk.
Again: the power to turn invisible would be great right now.
Dacen moved deeper into the village, out of the view of the guards, before continuing to walk parallel to the kingdom’s walls. He had not planned this rescue mission very well.
Spent almost a day working on this half-decent disguise but zero effort into the actual plan to save Neem.
From what he could see in the dark, the castle backed into a mountain, but the village was primarily in front of the castle. He wished he had discussed Rekou’s own escape plan with her more. She had made an off-hand remark about escaping through a crack in the wall, but where was that crack?
Presumably the crack was in one of the side walls. She certainly could not have gone through the front wall—let alone through the village.
He chose which side of the wall to investigate based on the hypothesised escape path the vampiress had taken. The wall closer to the mountain pass made the most sense. Otherwise, she would have had to go around the village if she had broken through the other wall, and the hunters would have been able to catch up much quicker to her.
Dacen stuck close to the wall and kept as low as possible. Hopefully, the liar’s dust was working and no vampires could smell him.
He paused upon coming across what appeared to be a recently sealed crack. Presumably it was the one Rekou had escaped through. It made sense they would have sealed it, but Dacen had chosen to remain optimistic up until that moment.
Well, time for the backup plan… whatever that was, he thought while pressing his hand to the newer stones. 
Glancing both directions, he could not help but flinch as a cluster of crackling sounds disturbed the night. Soon enough, the newer stones were broken down, and the previous gap in the wall revealed. This was not a spell he had learned from Daefortis, rather one of the many elemental skills he had picked up after wandering the earth for so long.
Again, a painful sensation rushed to his head followed by extreme exhaustion. Dacen was forced to put both hands on the wall to steady himself. If he was not stricter about his use of magic, then the possibility of him being able to make it in and out of the castle was slim.
Despite this realisation, he noted that he would not be able to fit through the original crack, even with the removal of the new stones. It was not the easiest gap for even someone as little as Neem to fit through, so it baffled him to think how Rekou managed it.
Keep it together, he told himself as he tried to quietly crack off more of the stone. Surely there would also be guards patrolling beyond the wall who could probably hear him… and he would kill them—he would have to.
After a few minutes, he managed to wriggle through the gap. It was quite a surprise that there was no guard waiting for him on the other side. He would have assumed they would tighten their security around this particular area after Rekou escaped. Little did he know that all the guard shifts were slightly dismantled given the Borovnian-oriented festivities.
It was strange. Upon breaking into the garden he could feel a familiar aura. He was obviously not acquainted with the location, but Neem had been there. Hopefully his heightened magic senses would help guide him straight to Neem. Randomly roaming the castle in search of his friend would not end well.
He got down low when three guards came into view. Expected, but the last thing he wanted. Using magic would exhaust him further, and taking them out could alert other guards.
Or maybe I want them to alert the other guards.
Rummaging through his satchel, he pulled out the tiny, wooden bust. His plan was both ridiculous and energy draining… and he knew it.
Got any brighter ideas? he thought scornfully.
The guards were startled, to say the least, when a black blood wolf emerged from the garden. Surely they would sense it was not a normal blood wolf, but that would only make them more confused.
“Stop there!” one of the guards called out while drawing his sabre. He clearly hoped it had the obedience of a normal blood wolf.
Growl.
The black beast’s snarl sounded almost muffled. Of course the vocals could not be directly recreated. It seemed to do the trick, however, as all three guards drew their sabres.
Turn around and run.
All three vampires flinched when the beast moved suddenly. They were not sure how to react when the golem blood wolf suddenly turned around and bolted in the opposite direction. After a moment of gathering their thoughts, they quickly congregated. Two went after the beast while a third went through the door in search of backup.
Dacen stayed close to the wall as he hurriedly continued forward. It likely would not take long for the guard to come back with reinforcements.
Where now? he thought once he was inside. Going down would likely take him to a dungeon, and maybe Neem was in a cell, but his instinct told him to go up. His gut had not been wrong when he had taken the mountain pass the first time and come across Rekou, so he was willing to trust it this time as well.
By this point, even the stairs ebbed away at his energy. He was still maintaining a composed golem and trying to keep some degree of telepathic track on it. Hopefully, he would not encounter any more guards. He did not have the energy to fight them off. That is, he did not have the energy as his current self to fight them off. Dacen’s darker half continued to seep into his mind with every ounce of power he used. He could only imagine what would happen to Neem if he let it consume him—the rescue mission would very quickly become a mass homicide.
Rekou did not put her own life at risk for you to botch this rescue. Neem will die if you fail.
The castle was surprisingly quiet, even with the blood wolf issue in the garden. The guard had probably chosen not to alert everyone, especially if the issue could be resolved quickly. For his own sake, Dacen had decomposed the golem so the guard was gathering reinforcements for nothing. They were certainly going to be confused by the fact that a giant, black beast could suddenly just vanish within an enclosed space.
The hybrid’s heart stopped beating momentarily when he stumbled upon a vampire while in the midst of going up a floor. His first instinct was to kill the blue man, but he managed to suppress that desire upon second examination. Their garment resembled what Rekou had worn when he had first come across her—slave attire. He owed it to that vampiress to not kill the slaves. There was a fair chance she had been friends with them.
“And who are you?” the vampire whispered. He looked baffled rather than scared. “A Borovnian?”
At first, Dacen was confused that the blue man was not screaming for help. He then remembered that he did not look like a faun, rather an abnormal vampire.
“Yes,” he agreed despite having no idea what ‘Borovnian’ was.
This apparently only raised further questions: “Are you lost? Why are you all dressed up?”
“I don’t think it’s a slave’s place to ask me anything,” Dacen replied haughtily. He hated to be rude, but he prioritised saving Neem over being polite.
The blue man looked unfazed. Clearly he had been insulted enough in his life.
“You have very short hair. Borovnian’s much prefer long hair… especially when they’re travelling with royalty. There is an image to keep for the sake of the kingdom.”
“Are you—a slave—critiquing my appearance?”
The vampire tried to maintain a strong, composed look. But his eyes flickered with fear.
“What is your name? I’m afraid I must ask about you. Ensure you’re with the Borovnians or…”
The hybrid questioned why the slave trailed off, staring to the side. He tried to match the vampire’s view and looked to the window as well.
The stained-glass window showed only a single distorted figure: Dacen. Vampires had reflections. 
No use trying to explain that. He looked back to the vampire. I’m done with this.
The slave gasped when Dacen conjured up a flame in his hand, searing away the liar’s dust on his palm even if it did not hurt him. Yes, he was trying to avoid using magic, but making fire was something he had perfected and required very little power.
“Listen here,” he began sternly. “I’m looking for a little, pale being by the name of Neem. He’s a nymph, if you know what that is. Either you tell me where I can find him, or I burn you alive.”
Dacen really hoped the vampire just told him what he needed to know because he had no idea what he was going to do if the slave chose the ‘burned alive’ option.
“I… I know what, ah, who you’re looking for,” the slave quickly stammered. “The King’s blood slave.”
“Where is he?” the hybrid snarled, expanding the flame in his hand.
“He was, well, in the King’s chambers. I don’t know what’s happened to him now, though.”
“That’s a start,” Dacen mumbled to himself. “And where would the King’s chambers be?”
“King Klav is likely in there right now.”
“Yes, but where is his room?”
The vampire looked quite surprised by the fact that Dacen was indifferent to confronting the King. He did give him an answer, however: “Two more floors up. Turn left and it is the room right at the end of the hallway… There may be a guard.”
Dace smiled and nodded once.
“Thank you. Now I suggest you run along. You can try to alert the guards, but I will already be gone by the time they reach his room. Besides: does a slave like yourself really care about what happens to the King?”
The vampire avoided eye contact. After a moment, he turned away and continued down the stairs without looking back. His movements were hurried, yet Dacen did not believe he was running away to alert the guards. Rather, he was trying to get away from the strange fire-conjuring vampire and get on with his life.
The slave was correct: there was a guard outside of what appeared to be the King’s chambers. Dacen was no use at hand-to-hand combat, magic was his forte.
It was at this point, however, that his body finally succumbed to his darker half. His low energy meant he could no longer hold it back. He had not lost consciousness yet, so he would use any control he had remaining to ensure his other side brought no harm to Neem.
The hybrid raised his foot to take a step forward, and with a whoosh, he was standing face-to-face with the guard. The vampire had no time to react as he grabbed his shoulders and Dacen opened his mouth, now the portal to an eternal void. Although horrified, Dacen understood what was going on. He was draining the life essence of this blue man in order to restore his energy. Not a great way to die for the vampire, but necessary for saving Neem.
His darker half took no mind of the guard hitting the ground with a loud thud. If the King, supposing he was just beyond the door, had sensitive ears, then surely he would hear the sound.
It doesn’t matter if he hears it, Dacen realised. He’s dead no matter what.
Despite a lack of control, he could feel his stomach twist as he pushed the doors open. He already knew what he would find on the other side would not be a pretty picture.
With only the dim light seeping in through the archway and illuminating the area, the scene was not clear. Two figures on the bed: one completely covered by the sheets and the other sitting up and staring right back at him. The unmistakable smell of blood hung in the air.
“What in the world?” the vampire sitting up said with a gasp. If the shock of a ‘vampire’ showing up at his room unexpected was not enough, his sharp vision allowed him to see the cold, black eyes staring him down.
At first, Dacen only wanted his darker half to kill the King in the same way he had killed the guard: painful, no doubt, but quick enough. Then he noticed the silver fluid that stained the vampire’s mouth and chin. He knew what it was.
Dacen had no objections as the vampire’s face suddenly went blank—mindless. Next thing Dacen knew, the vampire was biting deeply into his own wrist, tearing away chunks of flesh. He continued to mutilate himself as Dacen meandered around the bed to the other side. His hand trembled as he pulled back the sheets covering the other body. Rather than draw out the painful process, he thrust the sheets down.
Dacen’s dear friend lay there, curled up. Not a patch of flesh spared bruising. At first, he appeared dead. The glossy, vacant stare indicated no signs of life. Touching two fingers to the neck, however, reassured the hybrid that his rescue attempt had not been in vain.
“Neem?” he asked, although the voice was foreign to his own body and far more menacing than he intended.
The nymph continued to stare off into oblivion. Neem was alive, but he was gone.
Dacen lost himself completely at this point, allowing his darker half to take full control. His mouth formed into a sadistic smile as he looked back to the King. The vampire had mutilated most of his own forearm. He would have already passed out had he not been under magical influence.
What other ways can I make him suffer? the dark half thought. Even if Dacen had been conscious, it was likely he would not have objected to any of the sick acts his dark side had in store for the vampire.
His thoughts were quickly redirected when a scream echoed through the hallway. Out beyond the King’s chambers stood a vampiress looking utterly horrified. Her garments were modest, meaning she was not a slave but she certainly was not a noble of any kind—just a simple servant.
Fun’s over. He looked back at the blue man. Jump.
The servant was quite lucky that she had already started to run off before witnessing the second part of Dacen’s plan. Blood droplets cascaded off of the vampire’s arm as he slogged over to the window. He paused for a few moments. The window was un-openable.
“Allow me,” Dacen offered. Snapping his fingers, the glass shattered. “Have a good trip.”
Out he went. Because Dacen’s darker half was feeling extra malicious: King Klav regained control of his own mind about halfway down.
His screaming ended abruptly with a loud thud and a few cracking sounds. Dacen had hoped for more of a splat sound, but they were not high enough up for that to be the case. It did not take long for people below to start yelling. They sounded alarmed, but none of them hysterical: simply getting the information out and giving orders. They did not know what had happened, yet they had already prepared in advance for something like this to happen. Peace treaty signings with other kingdoms were always uneasy times. Their belief at that moment was that he had been assassinated by a Borovnian. Only after all the dust had settled would they learn the strange truth.
“Time to leave,” Dacen informed the catatonic nymph as he scooped him into his arms. Having picked him up in the past, even his darker half was aware of how much lighter Neem was now.
How to escape was no longer an issue now that Dacen was unconscious, and his darker half had gained new energy from inhaling the life essence of another being. As the guard was not magical, he was not ready to take on a whole vampire army. Luckily, that was not his plan.
Within a matter of seconds, he was standing in sand, the distinct sound water crashing against rocks. It was at this point that his darker half exhausted the last of Dacen’s energy. Teleporting was not something Dacen had successfully done by himself—let alone teleporting himself and another being. He had only just started looking at the teleportation spell when everything had gone to hell. Despite all this, he was now on unknown soil, far away from the vampire kingdom.
The faun fell to his knees, instantly dampening them in the light layer of water. Dropping the nymph to the ground, and then collapsed himself. He had done his job. He had no idea where they were, but they were away from the vampires. Neem was comatose, but he was alive.
Everything would be fine.

Twenty
Neem remained dead still when he became conscious. Having blocked out everything from the past few days, he had no idea what the current state of his existence was now.
Coming back to reality was not an easy adjustment. At first, he convinced himself that he sleeping on the stone floor of his slave chambers. The naïve assumption being that he had somehow managed to roll off of his mattress.
He presumed the sound of raging water and strange birds chirps was only in his mind—the remnants of a dream, but as his senses returned, he realized the rough, dirt-like texture beneath him was certainly not the stone floor of his slave chambers. Still in a dreamlike state, his mind convinced him that he was back with the hunters when they first captured him. This did not last long, however, as his body began to reassociate with the wounds of his torment.
But why am I outside on the ground?
He let out a small moan as he turned his head so it was no longer pressed directly into the ground. While lying still, he had managed to forget how terribly sore he was… as well as why he was sore. Those memories had returned, but were as hard to recall as a dream. He remembered the basics, but none of it felt connected to him.
Finally opening his eyes, he found himself on a yellowy ground staring into an endless body of water. This was somewhere he had never seen, let alone imagined.
Overall, he was indifferent to the circumstances. Not relieved, not scared, just hollow. Perhaps it was the surreal aspect of the whole situation. By this point, nothing felt real. The mere idea a forest spirit, like him, leaving the Woodlands and being tortured by vampires was preposterous even though he had actually lived it.
Surely this is a dream.
The multiple bursts of pain he felt as he sat himself up told Neem that this was reality. He glanced around a bit before noticing a figure out of the corner of his eye. He had to shift himself in order to look the other direction, and again, the pain made him let out a small groan.
Much to his horror, the blue-faced person was a vampire. Looking down at his own body, the dried blood and sand-speckled wounds, he knew he was in no condition to run away. Wiggling his toes reminded him of the searing pain he had endured when the hot iron was pressed into his feet.
Why did this all happen to me? he thought, yet he did not feel much inner turmoil; he felt devoid of any true emotion.
Taking a second look at the unconscious vampire only raised further questions. They looked oddly familiar, but he could not place their face among the many vampires he had previously encountered.
Perhaps I’ve forgotten more than I realise, Neem considered. This vampire did not look like either a Primyen or a Borovnian. Vampires never wore all-black, let alone kept their hair short.
Ignoring the pain, Neem got onto his hands and knees and crawled over to the unfamiliar body of water. Not only would the water soothe the soles of his feet, but it would also cleanse his mind. Based on events that took place over the previous few days, the forest spirit felt very filthy inside and out. He wished the foreign water could wash away all remnants of everything that had happened after he encountered the vampires… After he met Dacen.
He started off by simply sitting on the damp sand. Water ran up to him, licked his bloodied toes, and then trailed back. The water was breathing—he liked it. Finally, he crab-walked further down where the water could reach him. At first his wounds—especially his feet—stung a little, but eventually he adjusted. He would not be able to walk for quite some time.
So how did I get here? Neem pondered while moving deeper in. Wherever they were, it was a long way from Primye Dinastoro or the Woodlands. The only explanation he could think of was that he had been semi-unconscious for longer than he realised.
The forest nymph’s whole body tensed when he heard grumbling behind him. His captor had woken. No chance of running… although he never had the intent.
“N-Neem?”
He glanced back at this point. The voice was quite familiar—even if many other aspects of the vampire were foreign. There was nothing threatening about the stranger. He looked anxious more than anything. Was he worried about Neem? That made no sense. They did not know each other.
“It’s me, Neem.” He crawled forward, but the nymph instinctively moved away. “It’s Dacen.”
The nymph’s eyes widened with that proclamation. He was looking at a vampire; how on earth could it be his foreigner friend?
Dacen was quite surprised with Neem’s lack of recognition. Had they really been separated for that long?
Then he remembered the liar’s dust he was covered in. He let out a small sigh of relief and crawled down to the ocean. Although still exhausted after the previous night’s escapades, he used his magic to get the job done quicker by forming a ball of water and allowing it to dissipate above his head. The effect was obvious given Neem’s expression. Seeing a vampire transform into a familiar face was baffling.
Dacen tried to put his hand out to touch the nymph’s shoulder, but Neem flinched.
“It’s really me, I promise.”
The forest spirit stared blankly at him.
Why isn’t he happy to see me?
“This doesn’t feel real,” Neem said solemnly while glancing down at his bruised legs. “When change happens, it happens very swiftly, doesn’t it?”
Dacen cocked a confused eyebrow, but nodded. Neem was certainly not acting like the chirpy nymph he remembered—yet why would he? ‘Chirpiness’ would be hard to muster after everything the little being had been through.
Neem changed positions so that he could scoop the water into his mouth. He realised how parched his throat was after speaking. Upon taste, he spat it back out. The salty water would do nothing to cleanse his throat.
“It is sea water,” Dacen explained. “You cannot drink it.”
The nymph’s eyes narrowed as he looked out at the vast array of blue.
“All this is undrinkable? Then what’s the point?”
Dacen laughed his familiar laugh. It was a strange question to ask given all other circumstances. Perhaps Neem assumed that Dacen had an idea of where they were? He did not, of course. The exotic fauna beyond the beach was like none he had ever seen before.
Neem—disappointed with the deceptive water—shifted slowly back into a crawling position and moved back up the beach. The discomfort he felt while moving was reflected on his face. It made Dacen feel as if someone was squeezing his heart. All he wanted to do was hug the life out of the little being, but that looked like the last thing Neem wanted. He did, however, stand and follow the nymph up.
The presence of the foreigner made Neem uncomfortable—no, it made him annoyed. Why did Dacen annoy him? He had no clue. He just knew this half-breed had wronged him in some way.
“I can heal you,” Dacen stated while looking at the bite marks on Neem’s back. “Maybe not fully, but I can at least close the wounds.”
 “I really just want to get back to my friends, back home.”
“Understood.”
He sat up and let out an agitated huff.
“But I can’t walk… although, I’m not entirely sure where I would be walking to.”
The hybrid had to hold back a gasp when he properly looked at the nymph’s feet. At first, he thought the greyish texture had just been from dirt. It turned out the soles of Neem’s feet were very agitated. Both were horrifically blistered.
“Can you fix them?” Neem asked after giving the foreigner a moment to examine them.
“I… I can certainly try.” This time, he put his hand on the unbruised part of Neem’s back. “I’m so sorry this happened to you. I can only imagine what you’re feeling right now.”
I feel nothing.
“Relieved, I guess,” Neem said with a shrug, passive-aggressively shrugging his way out of Dacen’s touch. “Glad to be away from… the vampires.”
“Fair enough,” Dacen murmured while withdrawing his hand and shifting away. “Now, let’s see what I can do about your feet.”
Neem rotated himself so that he was facing Dacen.
“Sorry,” the hybrid quickly said as he touched Neem’s feet. “Sorry.”
The nymph felt a strange tingling sensation in his feet. Luckily, it was not painful. After a few minutes of tingling and murmuring, Dacen took his hands away. He did not look impressed with his own work.
“I think it’s a bit better,” he said hesitantly. “Sadly, I don’t have any catalysts to increase the effect of my magic.”
“Okay,” Neem replied dully.
The forest spirit made a grand attempt to stand—it did not go well. The pain was not what it was before, but the sore flesh remained tender. He chose to quickly sit back down, eliciting pain from his bruised joints.
“So how will you get me back to the Woodlands?” he asked bluntly while wiggling his toes, testing how much pain he could now withstand.
Dacen scoped their surroundings.
“Not by walking, that’s for sure.”
The joke had no effect on the nymph. He stared at Dacen, seeking more of an answer.
“Heh,” the hybrid laughed to himself. “Returning to the Woodlands may be a little more difficult. I am not sure why I brought us here, but it is going to be a struggle to get us back.”
Neem’s expression shifted from indifferent to infuriated. From his view: Dacen had trapped them in a foreign land.
“I will get you back to the Woodlands,” Dacen quickly assured him. “I just have to find the right…”
Where are my books?
His satchel had ended up a little further from where he had woken up. How?
The water moved it.
Which means.
Oh no.
Neem flinched as Dacen rose at a lighting speed and clambered across the sand. The hybrid knew something was wrong the second he touched the dampened strap of the satchel.
The books. Both spellbooks were wet. His hurried movements caused a chunk of the pagers from his original book to disintegrate. Tampering with them would do no more good, so he placed them on the beach, side-by-side, and prayed the ink had not run in the text. It would be a while before he was willing to try and open them. Even when they were dry, he was weary of the fact that many of the pages would be fused together, hopefully the pages about teleportation would be spared. If not, then his promise to Neem was going to be hard to keep.
“I got us here,” he turned and said to Neem. “I will get you home. It may take some time. These books need to dry and they contain the information we need for getting home.”
“Okay,” Neem replied in a cold manner. The nymph continued to stare at his feet.
Something is terribly wrong with him, Dacen remembered, no shock he is acting strange after everything that’s happened… but why is he acting so icy to me?
“Oh!” the hybrid exclaimed before squatting down to his satchel again. “I nearly forgot, I should give this back…”
Neem looked up, curiously, as Dacen walked back over to him. Kneeling down, he revealed the familiar rainbow shell in his palm.
“Ah hah,” he exclaimed with a smile.
He noted how Neem’s unenthused expression quickly changed to a concerned one.
“But if you have the shell… Where is Rekou?”
Oh my.
Dacen could feel his own face drain of colour. After all the chaos of the previous night, he had somehow managed to forget about the vampiress.
“She died,” he stated solemnly and simply. There was no need to go into detail about how she died, then got revived, then died again.
It took Neem a few seconds to realise he had stopped breathing after Dacen gave him the news. A few moments later, he remembered how to do so and exhaled deeply.
“Did you kill her?” he asked in a tone devoid of true emotion. This was the first time he looked the hybrid properly in the eyes. It was then that Dacen could see how grey his eyes had become.
The half-breed raised both eyebrows: that was not a question he had expected to be asked. Did Neem really think he was the kind of person who would…?
Images of the apprentice, his former master, the vampire guard, and the king flashed through his mind.
Well, his suspicions are not misplaced, he realised.
“I’m afraid the hunters got her. Kroven and another one. We spoke—and she seemed quite friendly—but she did not last long.”
“Why didn’t you use your magic to save her?”
Dacen noted the sudden pitch in Neem’s voice. Some emotion was finally breaking through.
“I did use my magic. I did all I could to save her.”
The hybrid had no idea what reaction to expect in the next few moments that passed. Was Neem about to cry or scream?
Neither, as it turned out: “Okay.”
Neem looked away. Dacen could not help but feel hurt most by Neem passing the shell back to him.
“You don’t want it?” he had to ask.
The nymph shook his head and then gestured to his naked body.
“I have nowhere to keep that.”
“Ah.”
He had to change the conversation. Neem needed his thoughts redirected away from everything that had happened. Yes, on the outside he appeared expressionless and indifferent… but that only meant there was so much more boiling beneath the surface.
“What do you say we have a look around?” he said in an upbeat manner, gesturing to the thick forest beyond the beach.
Maybe it will help me realise why my dark side brought us here.
Neem wiggled his toes, wincing.
“I cannot walk very far. Perhaps you should go without me.”
Dacen gave a single nod. He could offer to carry Neem, but he sensed the nymph needed to be alone.
“Can I trust you to look after my satchel and books, then?”
Neem shrugged indifferently.
“I doubt I will be much use if someone tries to steal them… If anyone else is here.”
“I am more worried about the ocean trying to nab the books,” Dacen joked. Nothing was elicited from the nymph—not even a question about what the ‘ocean’ was.
“Alright,” he said after a few moments of silence. “I won’t go far.” 
Neem did not watch him go. Overall, the forest behind was of no interest to the nymph. He stared out at the endless water. Something so simple was so mesmerising. Why would someone make such a large amount of water? No—no one made it. All this undrinkable, bitter water just existed. He just existed. Everything just existed.
* * *
Dacen was perturbed by the new surroundings. Nothing was particularly sinister about the forest, but it all looked wrong. Everything had a degree of associability, but they also remained uncanny. A prime example was some of the common trees. They looked like diamond-patterned roots sticking out of the ground with thick, green tufts of leaves sprouting from the top.
He had been many, many places. This island, as he assumed it to be, was like nothing he had ever seen before.
How will I get us back to the Woodlands? he fretted. My dark half wanted to take us here… he may not be easily convinced to take us back.
Even if the spellbooks survived the water damage, the issue then became whether or not Dacen could perform the spells without catalysts. There was a severely strong chance that the proper resources would not be available on the island.
In which case, we would be taking the long way, he thought, accompanied by a sneer. Building a boat and sailing into the unknown? That’ll go well.
He had sailed before. He had done so in order to get to the warlock, but he had travelled west once. It was then he had met the other nymphs: the ones who burst out of the sand dunes and attacked travellers. He had made the actual journey in a small, stolen vessel. The hybrid had heard rumours of western peoples worshipping Daemonis in equal standing to his parents. The easterners spoke about westerns in order to forebode following the path of evil. They spoke of plagues and beasts ravaging the desert lands as a consequence. Dacen, on the other hand, was excited by the news.
The journey over the ocean had been an over a week. The hybrid had been quite ill when he finally reached shore, and the barren land offered little comfort. He never found faun-friendly groups. The closest he came was the encountering a djinn: humanoid beasts who shared similarities with cattle. They had possessed their own form of dark magic and quite the fight had ensued—Dacen returned east very shortly afterwards, having broken one of his arms and singing off an eyebrow.
And what strange beasts linger here? he pondered while climbing over a fallen log. Surely my dark half would attempt to bring us somewhere devoid of any danger, but you can never be too cautious.
At that moment, he crunched head down into his shoulders, paralysed as a green flash whooshed past his ear.
A bird. Its claws clasped a branch in his path. The little black eyes pierced Dacen’s own. It did not look scared, more curious.
“I have killed,” Dacen informed it, jokingly. “I have drained the souls of sentient beings. There are countless ways I could kill you.”
The bird cocked its head to once side, made a gurgling-like squawk, and then started to groom the feathers under its wing. It did not fear Dacen, and a bird without fear was a bird without predators—that was his conclusion. 
He continued through the forest, examining the many different trees and plants. A flapping sound could be heard every now and then. The bird was following by hopping from tree to tree. Dacen enjoyed his curious little companion. A being lacking fear, only pertaining interest, soothed his mind. The forest held no judgement. The being of judgement sat on the beach, dreading the hybrid’s return.
After a while, the half-breed noticed something strange about the flora. It was becoming exceedingly dense. That was expected now that he was a fair distance from the sea water, but each branch, vine, and thistle seemed to tug at his clothing as he waded deeper in.
This is not just incidental, he concluded. This forest was designed to hinder.
Dark magic was twisted into the creation of this place. He had not sensed it on the beach—although, he had not been hyperaware of his surroundings—but it had become evident as he ventured further in.
My other half brought me here for a reason.
Curiosity had the better of him, and he pushed onwards. He had to.
Endurance did pay off. Eventually the bush began to recede. What took its place was more unsettling, however.
A path.
The ground had been traversed before. Or, at the very least, it was put there to assist those who made it through the forest.
It was put here for me.
Oh my, I am losing my mind.
I should go back to Neem.
He did not.
Dacen was brought out of his anxious state when a squawking pierced his ears. The green bird had made it through the thick of the forest as well. It drew his attention to the prominent boulder dead-set in the path by landing right on top of it.
It had to be where the path ended. Beyond the massive stone was an ever-thicker bush. Black roots from behind caressed the sides of the boulder, but none obscured the image carved into the front: a humanoid outline. Most notably, however, was the suggestion of horns on the outline’s head.
No.
Spinning around, Dacen tried to run in the opposite direction. The thick of the forest now appeared to have moved right up to his nose. The bird was shrieking, infuriated.
“I don’t know what you want,” Dacen rationed to the voiceless trees. “Even if I did… I sense I should not give it to you.”
The hybrid knew he had made a terrible decision—voicing his opinion—when the wind began rising. At first, he thought the rustling of leaves was a particularly strong gust. His assumption was proven to be mistaken when a flock of exotic birds shot from the foliage. Instinctively, he put his arms up as defence. Claws and beaks teared fabric and flesh alike.
Before he knew it, a particularly large bird came at his face, clearly directing its claws towards his eyes. Dacen stumbled backwards, knocked his skull against the boulder, and slipped out of consciousness.
The hoard of birds calmed—now the light drizzle after a hurricane. Sitting in an almost perfect semi-circle around their victim, they did nothing more. Some cocked their heads from side to side, others let out innocent little chirps.
Dacen crawled out of the grasp of darkness and back into reality. The dim sky suggested it was dusk—he had slept for hours.
The birds were gone—that was reassuring—but in their place was a fair amount of droppings. Demonised, yes, but even birds still had to excrete.
Looking up, the image of the stone horned-man towered over him. The disconcerting part was the addition of eyes, carved to stare directly into the forest.
Had the birds done it? No. They were the pawns of whatever had brought Dacen here. It wanted him.
This is dangerous, he knew. I must get Neem out of here.
The forest did not resist as he passed through. No dark magic harnessed it that point. He also noted the lack of birds sounds. Evil had deserted the area… for now.

Twenty-One
The hybrid knew things were wrong in more ways than one when he saw a bit of paper dancing across the sand. Dacen emerged further down the beach than originally, but he already knew where the paper had come from.
Please, let me be wrong.
Running across the sand was difficult—and hard on the knees—but he went at a raging pace. More shreds of paper led the way.
“Neem!” he cried. He could not see the little nymph in the place he had left him. “Neem!”
A head popped out from behind a large black rock. Finally, he was showing some real emotion: fear.
“Neem,” he said for a third time, this time out of relief.
His stomach lurched when he saw the tattered covers of the spellbooks splayed in the sand. They had been torn to shreds by small claws.
Bastards.
Dacen chose to momentarily ignore that issue. Neem was priority over spellbooks. His little friend looked petrified. A new scar dripped blood down his cheek.
The hybrid crouched down next to him. Still, the nymph flinched and shifted back slightly.
“What happened?” he queried, but he already knew the answer.
Neem looked at the sky, dazedly.
“There were all these birds. I thought they were nice… but—err—they went bad.” He pointed to a torn shred from the spellbooks being dragged out by the ocean. “I tried to shoo them. They were so mean.” His eyes were watery. Clearly, his emotional barriers had severely deteriorated since their first encounter.
“These are not the Goddess’ birds,” Dacen informed him. “These birds, this whole island, is sinister. I will get us away from this.”
“But why did you bring us here?” Neem hissed. His expression shifted from solemn to furious in a split second. “Why would you bring me somewhere evil? You should have just taken me home!”
Dacen was unfazed to a larger extent. His mind was on the shredded spellbooks: their tickets back to the Woodlands.
“It was not my intent to bring either of us here,” he assured the nymph in a calm manner. “I am not sure where here even is… but this place wants us. It wants to keep us here.”
“It wants you! You’re the evil magic one. You can stay here, but I want to leave… right now!”
Neem put his hand on the boulder in an assertive manner. His attempt to stand was short-lived. It hurt to sit back down, yet it was all he could do. Everything was in pain. He did not understand how he could have so many wounds. He did not understand why it had all happened to him.
“I will get us out of here,” Dacen said, keeping sincere eye-contact. “For now, let me mend your wounds.”
I have certainly been unconscious enough recently that I should be fully-rested.
Neem made no signs of approval for a few moments. The hours spent alone on the beach had helped him reach one conclusion: Dacen was to blame for all of this. Now he was trapped in a foreign placed—a place that oozed evil—with the one being he had lost all trust in.
“I can do it,” the hybrid promised him. “I can, at the very least, make sure you can walk.”
The nymph winced as the larger hands grasped his feet. His instinct was to jerk away, but he gradually returned to Dacen’s touch. The soles of his feet numbed as magic began to flow through him. Even though it felt better, his soul felt sick. Dark magic, coursing through his body, was not what he needed. It could heal him physically, but dark magic was not meant to enter his body. The main reason he was not throwing up bile was because his true, pure magic had dissipated. He was a hollow being, everything stolen.
“Try standing,” Dacen suggested, releasing his feet.
Neem attempted as he had before, the difference being that he was able to make it all the way to his feet. His soles were tender, yes, but walking would be manageable for short distances. It was a relief, even if the consequence was allowing dark magic to blemish his already mutilated core.
“The other wounds should seal quickly as well,” Dacen informed him.
“Okay.”
The placidity is back. Fantastic.
The nymph took a seat on the rock. He chose to face the forest this time. The ocean was wonderful, but the wall of trees was the threat. He found that fact hard to believe. Coming from the Woodlands, the foliage was the one thing he was always meant to trust, to see as shelter. Having that fact turned on its head was unsettling.
The faun sat down on the sand beneath him. Neem watched Dacen run his hand over the back of his head and wince. Only then did the nymph realise the faun was covered in new scrapes—similar to the ones he had sustained from the swarm of birds. He chose not to question it. Asking would entice conversation—which is not what he wanted at that time.
“Neem,” Dacen said after a few moments. “What happened to you… in the vampire kingdom—do you want to talk about it?”
“No!” the nymph squeaked, appalled to even be asked such a thing.
Dacen put his hands up, defensively.
“Just a suggestion. It may help you cope with it.”
“Cope with it? I am coping! What am I doing wrong? Nothing. I am calm, I am trying to not get mad. I am not letting this evil island get to me. I am not doing anything but coping.”
“I know you are doing as well as you can, but I have been in your place—”
“No! No you haven’t!” Neem pointed at him accusatorily. “Have you ever been captured, enslaved just because a foreign, horned man walked through your home? No. You know why? Because you’re the reason this all happened. You can never feel my pain, because you’re the cause of it!”
“You don’t really think that,” Dacen replied. Now it was his turn to act docile to hide true feelings.
Now the nymph stood up.
“Don’t patronise me! All anyone has done is treat me like I’m small. All any of you do is try to control me! Now I’ve been captured, enslaved, tortured, raped, mutilated,” he listed them off on his hands, “and taken to an evil island by someone I thought was my friend.”
“I didn’t take us here by choice!” the hybrid refuted, raising his voice slightly.
“But you did. You, the evil you, did. You act nice, but you’re really evil.”
“That isn’t true.” It’s a little more complicated than that. “You want it to be that way to justify why you’re mad at me… the problem is that you’re not really mad at me.”
“Don’t tell me how I feel!”
Dacen put up one hand.
“You are not mad at me,” he reiterated. “You are mad at a much grander force: existence. You are mad that you have been forced into the real world where your Goddess cannot protect you.”
Oh, that was too blunt.
He realised that fact before Neem even let out the first snivel.
“W-why would you say that?” he sobbed.
“Oh, Neem, I’m sorry,” he said with great sincerity.
The nymph contorted his torso to face away. His trembling shoulders suggested he was having a full meltdown.
“Neem…” Dacen said gently. “I really am sorry. I didn’t mean it.”
His mistakes continued as he tried to reach out and touch Neem’s arm—an attempt at comfort. Being touched was the last thing Neem wanted. He snatched his arm away and stood up.
“Leave me alone,” he said in a quivering voice. “Y-you… are a horrible being!”
Neem’s feet ached, and all his joints stung, as he cross the beach. He fought through the pain. Dacen remained where he was, in the sand. Neem went around the corner of trees and the hybrid was out of sight. The new section of the beach seemed to be an endless stretch, so he sat down and continued to cry. Partly from physical pain, mostly from mental.
* * *
Crying had ceased by the time night had fully fallen. Well, Neem assumed it was night. The sky had no stars or moon. It was just a dark grey.
Dacen had not come around to the other side of the beach. He was giving Neem his space, despite the dangerous circumstances.
Neem was almost on the verge of drifting off to sleep. What was stopping him was the fear of waking up back in the castle, in King Klav’s bed.
I don’t want to be there, I don’t want to be here. I just want to go home.
He stopped himself from crying more. The sound of the deceitful water crashing against the sand only made the forest spirit thirstier, and he was drying himself out with every tear. It had been quite a while since he had desired food. Neem had eaten so little back in his cell.
How will I ever get home? he continued to ponder in order to pass the time. Dacen cannot get me back, and this mass of water would be impossible to swim across.
And what would happen if he did manage to get home? How would explain everything that had happened? Many of the nymphs would faint if they saw him after everything. His grey eyes, withered frame, bite marks, bruised inner thighs, bloody fingertips:  he was a mess.
Nymphs were almost identical—regardless of age or sex—and now he stood out from the pale crowd. Eventually, the wounds would heal, but the scars would last. He would always look like a mutilated nymph. This was wrong: nymphs were meant to be the pinnacle of desire. They celebrated life, fertility, and pleasure through intimate touch. Nobody would want to touch him and he did not want to be touched.
I will be so very different from all the other Woodland creatures.
Maybe… maybe I should not return to the Woodlands, he thought solemnly. The Goddess certainly made no attempt to get me home. She does not care what happens to her creations.
She didn’t create me… just like nobody created all that water. It just exists. I just exist.
She doesn’t exist.
His thoughts would have continued to trail down a similar path, had he not noticed a black blob emerging on the shore. Neem’s body tensed. This was an evil place—so that was an evil thing.
It flopped onto the shore. The full form was hard to make out in the darkness, but it was a little larger than him. Some sort of round, long being.
Neem could not help but shriek when the beast made a sound. The white teeth flashed in the darkness as it let out a guttural holler. Both of them called out into the night.
The nymph clenched his mouth when the beast suddenly contorted in an odd manner. It had appeared to be a blob-esque, thick being with little flexibility. Now it was crunched up, imitating a humanoid sitting on their knees. A hand appeared from the being’s underbelly… a human-like hand. A second followed, and both dug into the sand as the beast began to crawl forward.
Neem scampered backwards. The forest was suddenly much closer. Dangling roots and vines roped themselves around his arms and chest, dragging him in.
Upon seeing this, the beast stood up in a haste. Feet appeared below its dark exterior. It attempted to run to him, but stumbled back when a fireball crashed in its path. The beast hissed and scampered back to the ocean, returning to its original form.
“Neem!” the forest spirit heard the hybrid call out.
Neem tried to call back, but a sturdy root dug into his neck. His air supply deprived to an alarming level.
“Neem!” Dacen called out again.
An orange glow briefly appeared before him—another fireball. It did not penetrate the foliage.
In the chaos, Neem did not realise that the vines and roots had loosened their grips on him. Subconsciously, he had rested his weight on them, so the suddenly release sent the nymph stumbling back. He could have regained his balance had there not been an unprecedented slope. The fall involved a somersault, a rock to the head, and a countless amount of rolling, by the end of which he was unconscious.
The last thing he heard was the gleeful chirrups from the foreign birds. Neem could not see any, but he knew thousands of feather demons sat high in the treetops, laughing at him.

Dacen did his best to penetrate the forest after his friend was swallowed. The creature emerging from the ocean had been the least of his concern, apparently. It was gone now. Again, the forest had had dark magic breathed into it—but why did it want Neem?
“You wanted me earlier!” he hissed at the mute forest.
The bush was resisting fiercely. He his clothes quickly turning into rags, deep cuts in the flesh showed through. It looked as if he had just emerged from a mile-long field of brambles, yet he had not managed to get more than a foot into the foiliage.
His heart sunk when the singing began. The birds were rowdy now. It sounded as if every being on the island was singing. Hopefully it did not mean anything sinister in Neem’s case. He would not put it past the island to desire the nymph for sacrifice.
It was a shock when the foliage in front of him caved inwards. Perhaps they had gotten what they wanted out of Neem, so his attempt would be futile.
“Neem!” he screamed while pushing his way through. “Can you hear me? Neem!”
The sudden ease of resistance did not come without manipulation. His direction was decided by the forest, forcing to follow a faint path. He could only hope it was leading him to Neem—how far could the nymph had gone in a matter of moments?
Far, apparently. Minutes passed as the forest herded him in an unknown direction.
“Neem!” he cried once again, his voice coarse from dehydration. “Please,” he said, a little quieter—more a request of the forest than anyone else.
“Don’t think I won’t kill everything in this blasted place if you harm him!” he snarled.
His threat was apparently not taken seriously, given he got smacked in the face by a branch.
The scraping, shoving, chirping, and high gusts of winds was disorientating. It was torture. Minutes passed. Every flesh wound stung and was given no reprieve as scratches began to intersect each other.
Dacen was desperate. He was ready to set the whole bush alight if that was what it took to end it. Only minutes had passed, but the time that had passed in the half-breed’s mind made it feel as if he could have made it to the other side of the island and back.
“Neem!” he called out one last time. His voice was drowned out by the screeching birds. They appeared to be all around him now.
Then, it stopped. All of it ended in an instant. The hybrid hit the ground, skinning the bases’ of his palms. He knew where he was without even looking up—the open terrain was enough indication.
But how was he back at the boulder? It had taken quite a while to get there when he first ventured in. Had the forest moved the boulder, or had the whole land shifted just to get him there quicker?
Whatever it is, I should destroy it. It is the heart of this evil.
With that resolution, he stood up and readied a flame in his hand. The hybrid took it as a good sign when all the birds simultaneously departed from the trees. They dispersed in the sky above. If he was lucky, they would not come back. The likelihood of being free of them was slim.
Dacen’s whole body jolted when he brought is attention to the boulder. He had assumed the humanoid with horns was the painting—he was wrong.
A being clothed in dusty orange emerged from around the boulder, standing in line with the image. Not much of their skin could be seen, but the oh-so-familiar blackened eyes surrounded by veins told Dacen this was trouble. Beyond that, the upwards-curled horns were a blatant sign he was dealing with a female faun. That was shock enough, but their feet were what tremored him the most.
The being wore wrapped boots. No hooves.
Body of a human.
Horns of a faun.
A hybrid.
