 

The Further Misadventures of Apprentice Brown
Apprentice Brown Book II
Book III of The TimeSunder Histories

Copyright 2021 David Petrey 
Published by David Petrey at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chart of Magical Arts
Misadventure One – The Flood
Misadventure Two - Inventions
Misadventure Three – Shadows
Misadventure Four – The Art of Empathy
Misadventure Five – The Art of Air
Misadventure Six – Grey Astray
Misadventure Seven – The Fire Maiden
Misadventure Eight – Fishboy
Misadventure Nine - The BeastWhisperer and BeastMaster
Misadventure Ten – Rescue
Misadventure Eleven – Party for a Hero
Misadventure Twelve – Return to Oakbury 
Misadventure Thirteen – Deja Vu
Misadventure Fourteen – Joy and Sorrow
Misadventure Fifteen – Shattered Reality
Misadventure Sixteen – The Soulless
Misadventure Seventeen – The Lacunarity
Misadventure Eighteen – The Keeper of Time
About David Petrey
Other books by David Petrey
Connect with David Petrey



Acknowledgements
Thanks to Kay.
Chart of Magical Arts


Misadventure One – The Flood
At the north-western edge of the Great Tellusian Forest, just outside the town of Oakbury found sitting nestled along the banks where the River Tellus meanders wide and fast, along a winding road, past a mossy meadow and up a gently rolling hill stands a tall and somewhat angular house. Within this most curious of houses there lives a wise Sorcerer who is famous across the land for being a kind and gentle Master to five dedicated Apprentices. Here they all study the Arts of Majick for performing good deeds. It was this Sorcerer, who chooses to go nameless, that drew up the great Chart of Majickal Arts in an attempt to classify and group Majicks in order to help us better understand them.
extract from Tellusian Majicks Past and Present

Apprentice Brown had been learning the Arts of Magic for nearly three years now under the careful teachings of his Master; an old and wise Sorcerer whose fame was spread across the whole of Tellus. Under this guidance Apprentice Brown had come to realise that there was more to magic than just casting spells. Magic could be a highly dangerous force and did not discriminate, being just as perilous for the individual wielding the magic as for anybody else nearby. Respecting magic was the key lesson he had learnt so far. And as part of his education Apprentice Brown would often visit the Sorcerer’s library, a room packed from floor to ceiling with books on just about every subject imaginable. Here Apprentice Brown would read extracts from the books to learn about the world and to not just confine his knowledge to his magic lessons. Then one day his Master bestowed a gift unto him.
‘Take this book,’ the Sorcerer had said with a smile.
Apprentice Brown looked at what his Master offered. It was a plain book, brown and leather-bound. Taking it Apprentice Brown immediately noticed its lack of title, and could feel it was rather light. In fact, it didn’t seem to have many pages. His suspicions were confirmed when he opened the book and found a solitary page. The page was also blank. Apprentice Brown frowned and looked up at the Sorcerer. His Master just smiled.
‘Whenever you want to read one of the books in my collection, or query if they hold the knowledge you seek just call for it before you open this book in your hands. Then, upon opening, the page will fill with writing from that book which was appropriate.’
Apprentice Brown liked the idea of not having to seek out the library. The books always played tricks on him.
‘Try it,’ his Master suggested.
Apprentice Brown held the book in front of him, wondering what to ask of it. His thoughts turned to recent events. Lately his dreams had been disturbed; haunted by the memories of the evil Sorcerer Gonzalez with whom he had fought against. Despite the difference in size and ability, Apprentice Brown had triumphed, helped by the evil Sorcerer’s own ego in underestimating his young opponent. It had given Apprentice Brown the small window of opportunity to summon the power of dragons and save his friends from certain death. The thought of dragons now entered his mind and a chill stuck him. He began to hear their whispers. They always wanted him to summon their magic. But he wasn’t strong enough. He feared being overtaken by their power. When he had fought the evil Sorcerer Gonzalez he had summoned the dragons as a last resort. His gamble had paid off, but it resulted in Gonzalez’s end. This troubled the young Apprentice. His Master had reassured him that his actions had been instinctive and that they had been true, and that was important. However Apprentice Brown had also spoken to Apprentice Grey, another of the Sorcerer’s Apprentices about the matter.
‘We still don’t know why Gonzalez challenged our Master all those years ago,’ Apprentice Grey had said.
Apprentice Brown cast her a dark frown.
‘I’m just saying, Brownie,’ she said, beginning her explanation. ‘there’s always two sides to a story and yet we barely get any explanation from him.’ She was referring to their Master. ‘We don’t know anything about him, not even his name. And we can’t very well ask Gonzalez his opinion any more, can we?’
‘But Gonzalez tried to kill us,’ Apprentice Brown had argued.
‘Brownie, I don’t think I’d be in the mood for a happy reunion if I’d been banished for all that time either.’
Apprentice Brown was considerably fond of Apprentice Grey, but on this matter he had to disagree with her. He also wondered if she herself wasn’t telling him all that went through her head. And she was just as secretive over her own past. In that way she was more like their Master than she cared to admit.
But right now, in front of the Sorcerer who waited patiently for him to command the book for information, all he could now hear were the whispers of the dragons. His Master sensed his discomfort.
‘Maybe some other time,’ the Sorcerer said, laying a comforting hand upon his young Apprentice’s shoulder.
Apprentice Brown lowered the book, relieved.

#

It had been two months since Apprentice Brown’s fateful encounter with Gonzalez, the Sorcerer’s one-time Apprentice who had turned against his Master and had been banished to the Forbidden Realm for over forty years. But Gonzalez had escaped in the guise of a small bluebird that Apprentice Brown had unknowingly befriended during an accidental foray into the Forbidden Realm. Upon Gonzalez revealing himself it was Apprentice Brown who had been able to summon the ferocious power of dragons to defeat him. Apprentice Brown was once again thinking all this as he stood in the hallway of his Master’s house wrapping himself up warm against an icy cold day of early Spring. As he stepped outside a chill wind bit at him, sending a shiver up his spine. 
Trudging his way through the snow he made for the Sorcerer’s orchard where he spied the lone figure of Apprentice Grey collecting apples to take into town. She heard his approach and paused to look at his rather pathetic expression.
‘What kept you Brownie?’ she said, trying not to laugh at how thoroughly miserable her friend looked.
‘It’s too cold,’ came his short reply, wishing he was back in his warm and cosy bed.
‘Wimp,’ she said. ‘Where I come from we get snowed in for weeks. This is nothing.’
He had been told this a thousand times already. For him the winter had been especially harsh this year, with an almost constant covering of snow. But if he had ever tried to complain Apprentice Grey was always there reminding him that it was even colder in the foothills of the Spirit Mountains to the north. There they were at the mercy of the icy fog that drew in over the Peril Sea, bringing with it the bitterly cold air from The Ice Wilds. Apprentice Brown had looked up these places within books from the Sorcerer’s library. The Ice Wilds certainly didn’t sound like a place he wanted to visit. A whole continent covered in a thick layer of ice and snow. Just the thought of it now chilled him to the tips of his toes. However he also recognised an opportunity to quiz Apprentice Grey about her home. She didn’t often mention it.
‘How did you and your family cope with all the snow?’ he said.
But at the mention of her family Apprentice Grey’s face dropped and looked as cold as the air around them. And instead of answering she proceeded to pick up a handful of snow then aim it directly at him. He managed to dive away just in time, but the game managed to bring that spark of life back. Forgetting any previous misgivings about the cold he was soon chasing Apprentice Grey round the orchard with a handful of snow.
Following their brief game they returned to their daily work of delivering fruit. They each held tightly to one another to avoid slipping down the hill and along the winding road into town.

#

‘Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.’ Tabitha asked of Apprentice Brown, as was their way to calm the mind before channelling their power. ‘Now focus on the falling snow outside. Use your own willpower it to stop it at your command.’
Apprentice Brown looked at Tabitha and her warm smile framed by her long silver hair. Several months ago she had been trapped in the form of a cat. Now free of Gonzalez’s spell she was assisting the Sorcerer with his magic lessons. And because her special talent was controlling the cold she had taken on the responsibility of helping Apprentice Brown control his ability to summon the cold also. Though summoning the cold wasn’t his special ability. He had yet to discover that. He just had a knack for summoning cold but as yet was unable to keep it under control.
Apprentice Brown gazed from the window of the Sorcerer’s cosy classroom and looked out upon the gently falling flakes. He tried to clear his mind. But so many memories resurfaced. Memories of a fishing trip that had turning cold and wild, memories of Gonzalez’s icy end; an end brought about by his own hand channelling the power of dragons. A shiver ran through him at the thought of the dragons. The dragons and their whispers. The dragons and their ferocious power, locked up in mere words. Smetay. His word. It almost fell from his lips.
‘No!’ he found himself crying, forgetting where he was for a moment. He looked aside to see Tabitha watching him with patience. He shook his head at her.
‘I can’t. I can’t do it. It’s too dangerous.’ His eyes were close to tears.
‘We’ll call it a day,’ she said with a small smile. In truth they had barely begun. ‘Little by little it will come,’ she reassured.
‘But I don’t want to hurt anyone.’
‘Living in fear, and keeping it locked up can often be just as dangerous,’ Tabitha answered. ‘I hold the power over the cold as well. I can undo anything you start.’
‘Even the cold magic of dragons?’ Apprentice Brown asked.
She didn’t respond.
‘I sometimes wonder if this endless Winter is my doing,’ he said. ‘The Spring is far too late’.
This time Tabitha laughed. And the Spring did return. Only three days later the wind changed direction and warm air surged quicker than expected from the southern climes of the Pel Ulimar Desert. This brought with it a flurry of life as plants and animals awoke to the call of Spring. And at the same time Apprentice Brown and his friend Oxana were able to begin helping Oxana’s father fish by the large river that flowed past their town. The fish seemed in a frenzy to continue the cycle of life, and the catch was quick. So much so that by mid-morning on that first day out on the river Oxana’s father announced he had caught all he needed for the coming days.
‘But we can catch more,’ Apprentice Brown announced.
Both his friend Oxana and her father shook their heads in unison.
‘Take no more than necessary,’ they both chanted. ‘Otherwise one day you may arrive and there’ll be nothing to take at all.’
Oxana’s father left them to keep practicing, encouraging them to put back whatever they caught. The pair got to talking of a few years ago, when they had both been sat at this very spot and Apprentice Brown had accidentally created a snow storm in the middle of Summer, causing the river to turn wild. As if in answer to the stirred memory the river sloshed up its banks at them both. The two ran uphill to avoid a soaking, then turned to each other with a frown.
‘I didn’t do that,’ Apprentice Brown said, unsure of himself.
‘Maybe just talking about it is stirring your magic,’ Oxana suggested.
It seemed to be the case. The river grew wilder, and a distant noise grew louder. It reminded Apprentice Brown of the large crashing waves that could be seen looking out over the Endless Ocean. Peering upstream they saw the reason, a huge wall of water was heading their way. They both squealed and turned to flee towards town. But the water soon caught them up, rushing at their heels. 
‘Aim for the higher ground,’ Oxana said. But Apprentice Brown raced one way and she the other. Soon there was a river of water between them as they still ran on towards town. In front they noticed a figure running towards them, then another. It was Oxana’s father and Tabitha.
Apprentice Brown heard Oxana cry to his side and looked back to see her route had been cut off by the raging water and was rapidly rising up the hill to sweep her away. Apprentice Brown turned back to Tabitha.
‘I didn’t mean to,’ he shouted.
‘It’s not your fault,’ she said, out of breath as she approached. ‘This is a natural flood brought by the rapidly melting snow of the mountains. But we need to save the town and Oxana.
Oxana’s father was about to plunge himself into the cold water to rescue his daughter.
‘No, Tomek!’ Tabitha shouted to him. ‘It’s too strong. Let us help instead.’
Oxana’s father hesitated. He looked at Tabitha, then at Oxana, and then at the river. His shoulders fell, knowing Tabitha was right. He stepped back from the edge, allowing them to try.
Tabitha turned back to Apprentice Brown. ‘Concentrate with me. We can freeze this to a stop.’
She took his hand to calm his nerves.
‘Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.’ He couldn’t hear her above the crashing water, but saw her lips move. He chanted back.
‘Imagine the cold. Imagine freezing the river.’ This time he heard her voice from within his head. She smiled and nodded. ‘Let’s save Oxana and our town together.’
With that she turned towards the crashing water and focused her magic. He did the same. He imagined the water calming and freezing. But no sooner had he started when the whispering voices of the dragons came to haunt him.
‘Summon our power,’ they hissed, their words echoing in his head. ‘You can’t do it without us. We can help.’
‘Fight them!’ He heard Tabitha again in his head and looked over. She was still concentrating on the task at hand, but no doubt understood the struggle he faced. The water hadn’t changed. It was still surging towards town.
‘Help me!’ He heard Oxana cry. The water was almost lapping at her toes. She stood at the top of a small hill, surrounded. An even bigger crashing of waves roared their way. He looked towards the noise. A furious wall of water was coming their way. It would sweep them all away where they stood. He needed to try and help.
‘Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.’
He took another deep breath and focused his will upon the huge wave approaching. He commanded it to freeze, but it kept coming, unrelenting. Louder and louder it grew, thundering and churning towards them. The dragons tried their taunting again, but he refused to listen, refused to use their magic. He imagined the water freezing, to stop before him. But it wouldn’t listen. And as the huge wave reared up to engulf Oxana, who covered her head and cowered to the floor to hide from her awful doom, the water suddenly crystalised over her in a split-second and froze along its length upstream, ending up looking like a long snake, with mouth gaping wide open, and huge icicles for fangs looking like they would sink into his best friend. But it was just the river, now solid and unmoving.
Over the following hours Tabitha and Apprentice Brown worked to undo their magic, bit by bit, to thaw the river at strategic points, allowing it to trickle away in a slow and controlled manner, but also keep it frozen at other places where the warm air threatened to melt it too quickly.
It was slow and weary work and after a whole day of constant use of magic the pair were exhausted. At least the colder evening meant they didn’t have to worry about any meltwater till the next day. They knew their task was unfinished and would start again before the dawn. But for now they trudged back home with the relief of knowing everyone was safe. There to greet them at the edge of town stood most of their townsfolk, headed by Oxana and her father. Tomek started to clap his hands, to congratulate the town’s saviours. The applause rapidly spread through the crowd, with the speed of a wave of floodwater. Oxana rushed forward to give both her heroes a hug and accompanied them through the parting crowd, across town, along the winding road and up the gently rolling hill to their home.



Misadventure Two - Inventions
The Legendary Isle of Violelle is said to be home to people who are incredibly skilled at making wonderous inventions without the need to use magic; machines to climb inside, to travel under water within or to soar high above the clouds. But nobody knows which ocean Violelle lies in or whether it truly exists, or if its legend just serves as inspiration for those willing to try their hand at inventing.
extract from Tellus Undiscovered

At the edge of a town far, far away, along a winding road, past a mossy meadow and up a gently rolling hill, stood a tall and somewhat angular house. Beside the house stretched a vast forest where all manner of strange and wonderful creatures lived. Some said that if you ever got lost in the forest there were creatures that looked like people who would show you the way to safety. Others said that the forest was a dangerous place with magical beasts that particularly had a taste for tender little children.
Today, three Apprentices known as Apprentice Brown, Apprentice Grey and Apprentice Blue, all who studied magic under the careful guidance of a wise Sorcerer, were venturing into the forest. They were accompanied by Apprentice Brown's friend Oxana, and were on the hunt for ingredients for Apprentice Blue’s magical potions. Being late Spring, flowers were finally coming into bloom and the rich, earthy smell of the forest was beginning to mix with the sweet floral scent.
The two friends knew Apprentice Blue has a special gift to look at an object and instinctively know the effect it would make in a potion. They had fun presenting her with all sorts of ingredients to hear what potion it would produce. 
Oxana had just found a tiny flower at the foot of an old, oak tree. Both her and Apprentice Brown looked at the delicate flower. What it lacked in size it made up for in its appearance. It had an unusual mix of violet to scarlet hues. They hoped it was surely a specimen that held some medicinal property. 
Just then a bright flash of blue flew between the pair. Fixing their eyes on the movement the friends spotted a rather large beetle sailing away through the air. Both had the same thought as to what wonderous potion the beetle would make, and so they made chase after the insect.
The dazzling beetle weaved in and out of the trees, perhaps now aware of its pursuit by the two children. But being so large it soon got tired and landed on the trunk of a tree and began to scuttle skywards. Oxana was the first to catch up and attempt a grab. But the beetle unfurled its wings and was off again. Apprentice Brown, now a bit breathless, stopped whilst Oxana went running after it once again. He looked around and couldn’t see Apprentice Blue.
'Wait!' he called after his friend, but she kept on going.
Apprentice Brown didn’t want to lose sight of Oxana so made off after her. Thankfully he noticed she had stopped, as the beetle had once again come to a rest on another tree. With Oxana about to make a grab for the insect there suddenly came the sound of a hiss followed by a great bellow of smoke only a few trees ahead. Apprentice Brown, who had now caught up with Oxana, also saw the huge cloud grow, along with a flicker of fire, and then set his eyes upon the origin of smoke and fire. There in front of them lay a dragon.
It was a rather small and a rather fat and round dragon compared to what Apprentice Brown had encountered before, and this one had quite small wings also. But a dragon it still was, and a rather noisy one at that. Maybe it was a younger and less dangerous dragon Apprentice Brown thought. Well, at least that's what he hoped. 
Right now the dragon was down on all four legs, but then one of its front legs raised to move. At the same time a glow of fire came from its mouth. There was a tremendous clanging noise accompanying its movement.
'Cast a spell,' he heard Oxana whisper beside him.
He shook his head. 'They can sense magic.’ Apprentice Brown knew this from his last encounter with a dragon that he had barely escaped alive from. ‘It could do more harm than good,’ he said as an afterthought. ‘And it's not looking our way, at this moment at least. Maybe we could sneak away.'
But Oxana wasn’t listening and had already crept forward for a better look.
‘No!’ called Apprentice Brown after her, as loud as he dared in case the dragon should hear.
Oxana had reached a tangle of ferns and was stepping forward to peer through when she went tumbling forward, sinking into a ditch that the ferns were growing from. She landed sprawled on the ground with a clear path between her and the beast. The dragon made a jerk, turning to Oxana. Apprentice Brown’s heart pounded and he gave a squeal, expecting its imminent attack.
Another hiss came from the beast and it shuddered all across its body before seizing to a complete stop. Oxana had scrambled to her feet and was backing away, but the dragon’s strange behaviour put a halt to the pair’s exit as it continued to remain completely motionless. They remained rooted to the spot, waiting for the dragon to respond. And then, the most unexpected thing happened. The back of the dragon suddenly split open and out popped the head of a person. It was of a young woman, probably younger than Oxana's mother, with rusty golden hair that straggled down to her shoulders. She also wore a pair of large goggles.
'Darnit,' the woman said, clearly annoyed, lifting the goggles off her face onto the top of her head. Apprentice Brown and Oxana remained transfixed by what they beheld. To them it looked like the woman had managed to cut her way out of the dragon's back. Had the dragon previously eaten her?
The woman turned her head and spotted the audience gaping at her with open-mouths. Then she gave a smile. ‘Don’t be afraid, she said and beckoned them over. ‘It’s not real.’
'I thought you'd been eaten and had just chopped your way out,' Oxana said, still wide-eyed and a little unsure of the situation.
'It's my latest and greatest invention,’ declared the woman. ‘It runs on the power of steam. Want a ride?'
The pair looked at each other and then at the stranger with uncertainty.
But just then the snapping of twigs came from behind and there was Apprentices Grey and Blue running towards them.
They slowed and quickly assessed the scene.
‘A dragon!’ said Apprentice Grey with a hint of wonder. ‘What happened?’
‘It’s not real,’ said Oxana in a matter-of-fact way, as if it had been obvious to her from the start. ‘It’s an invention.’
‘Do you even know what an invention is?’ Apprentice Grey said with a scowl.
‘It’s one of those,’ said Oxana, pointing to the dragon.
Apprentice Grey looked up, and rested her eyes upon the woman waiting patiently, still with a smile, atop the dragon.
‘Who are you?’ Apprentice Grey asked.
‘I could ask you the same question,’ said the woman, keeping an air of mystery surrounding her. ‘I don’t see many people wandering around here. Most people are afraid.'
'We're Apprentices,' said Apprentice Brown with pride. 'We're learning magic from our Master who lives at the edge of the wood. We were out looking for ingredients for the magic potions we make.'
'Ah yes,' said the woman. 'I've heard of him. Magic is a rather interesting phenomenon, don’t you think? It's one of the reasons why I began inventing things. I believe there must a rational way of working out exactly what magic is, and be able to achieve things that magic can do.'
Apprentice Brown looked puzzled. To him magic was just there, like the air, the sky, the trees. The woman could see the perplexed expression on his face.
'For instance, some people may have magic that lets them fly. But birds fly and they don’t use magic. Or do they?' The woman paused for effect. She clearly had a captive audience as they were all considering the sense of what she had just said.
‘You can call me Professor,’ she said.
‘And this?’ Apprentice Grey asked, nodding to the dragon.
‘It’s an invention I made,’ said the Professor in reply. She knocked on the dragon’s back with her fist. It made a hollow clank, now obvious to all that it was made of metal. 
‘Why?’ said Oxana, a question that everyone else was thinking.
The Professor smiled.
‘Have you ever wondered how things work? I invent to try and make sense of the world around me. Not many people question what’s in front of them. However I do. And so I experiment, and I invent things. Have you not heard of the Isle of Violelle?’
A shake of the head from Oxana and Apprentices Grey and Blue.
‘I’ve read about it in my book?’ said Apprentice Brown somewhat knowingly. ‘People invent things there that can fly without magic.’
‘Yes!’ said the Professor, her eyes lighting up. ‘This dragon here is walking now, though rather clunkily. But what if one day I could get it to fly? I want to build a machine that can have you soaring through the air like a bird; or a machine to help you breathe underwater; or one to travel as fast as lightning; or hey, even one to travel through time.'
'Ooh, can I have a one that flies please?' Oxana asked, eyes shining at the thought. Whereas Apprentice Brown shuddered at the thought of being up so high.
'Sure,’ said the Professor. ‘But there's a lot of things to consider. Did you know that birds have thin and hollow bones?’ 
The group shook their heads.
‘It makes them nice and light, to help them fly. Whereas we have thick and heavy bones, so if we had wings they would need to be very long to account for our heavier bodies. I'm pretty sure dragons have thin and hollow bones as well, to help them fly. So they probably aren’t as tough as people think. But I'm not about to walk up to a dragon to seek that bit of information out, unless I want to be roasted and eaten by the dragon in the process.’
Everyone laughed.
‘You're all more than welcome to come back to my home and I can show you some of my other work.'
They all looked over eagerly at Apprentice Blue for permission. She gave a nod. So the Professor clambered from the dragon and jumped down. 'This way,' she said, and the group followed.
After walking through a trail under the trees for five minutes the canopy abruptly thinned out and the walking group came to a river. It was the large river that flowed past their town. A trail meandered its way beside the river, which the group followed, and there, a small distance away, on top of a small cliff that rose from the river they spied a house; or rather a large, wooden hut. But more curiously there sat a giant wooden circular object attached to the side of the house that reached all the way down to the river, and it was being rotated by the moving water.
‘What’s that?’ Oxana said, and pointed.
‘A waterwheel,’ Apprentice Grey answered, as if it was obvious. ‘We use them back home to help move giant stones to grind our wheat into flour.’
The group walked up the steep path to the Professor’s house.
‘Do you make bread?’ Oxana asked, ignoring Apprentice Grey’s criticism, thinking the Professor now made flour.
‘I don’t,’ said the Professor. ‘I use the waterwheel to make lightning.’ Her eyes flashed as she said this. The group were once again in awe of her words. As she opened the door to the hut they almost expected sparks to come flying out from within. However there was just darkness inside.
The Professor went to press something on the wall and to their amazement small round objects across the room began to glow, like tiny suns. Everyone entered and gazed around the room. Almost all the wall-space had items hanging from it, and there was a workbench running around the entire edge of the hut covered in bits and pieces that the group presumed were parts of her inventions. A tiny bed hid in the corner.
‘Excuse the mess,’ said the Professor. ‘Things got a bit chaotic during a flash flood a bit back.’ 
The group knew it well. Apprentice Brown had helped save the town from being swamped.
‘Luckily my house is sitting on this high bank so I only had damp feet. Nothing damaged at least.’
The Professor seemed to have an eternal optimism about her, taking a sense of wonder and child-like curiosity from everything around her. It was hard for the group not to warm to her in the short time they had known her. She started to explain about the various items around the room.
‘This is a suit that can help a person walk and breathe underwater.’ She was pointing to an outfit hanging on the wall, attached to which was a large and round metallic helmet with a glass front. ‘And this long tube here coming from the suit stays above the surface so fresh air can get pushed down it by someone from above. Did you know that the air around us must actually be made up of different things? It’s not just air, it a mixture of different types of air. Some that we need to live, and some that can actually kill us if we breathe in too much? We breathe this bad air out, but if you’re confined in an enclosed space you eventually use up all the good air until there’s nothing left but bad air.’
She kept her smile throughout this rather morbid explanation, whereas the group listening on appeared quite disturbed by her talk of killer air. They’d not considered breathing as being dangerous before.
Apprentice Brown caught sight of a picture on the wall next to the suit. It showed two girls stood beside each other that both looked like the Professor, but slightly younger.
‘It’s not a painting,’ said the Professor, noticing Apprentice Brown curiosity. Everyone else looked at the picture.
‘It’s an exact capture of reality using the very light that helps us see with our eyes,’ said the Professor as way of explanation, not that the group actually understood. ‘It was taken on a device called a picturegraph, an invention made by my father. The picture is of myself and my twin sister.’
Apprentice Brown stared at the picturegraph and how it looked so real. No painting he had seen looked this much like the real thing.
‘Where’s your sister now?’ asked Oxana.
‘Oh, she journeyed to Tellus Minor,’ said the Professor, as if this was an everyday occurrence. But the children’s eyes widened. They had heard tales that Tellus Minor was a savage land filled with those who hated magic. The Professor caught their surprise.
‘She wasn’t a fan of magic. Whilst we both believe magic can be explained through Science, she got a bit too annoyed with not being able to fully explain it, so she left. She said she could get more people to take her seriously in Tellus Minor, where they don’t use magic, than she could staying here.’
‘What’s Science?’ said Oxana.
‘It’s the study of everything around us and how it all works,’ said the Professor. ‘How the rain falls, how a tree grows, how I get my machines to work.’
Apprentice Brown and Oxana nodded, not really understanding, so just looked around the room for more curiosities.
Eventually Apprentice Blue called the group to leave, their minds boggled by the things they had seen and the impossible acts the Professor was trying to achieve.
‘Let’s leave the Professor to get on with her work,’ said Apprentice Blue to the protest of the others who wanted to stay some more.
‘It’s no trouble,’ said the Professor.
‘We still need to find some Ruffled Truffles,’ said Apprentice Blue. ‘We’re behind on our collecting, but thank you so much for showing us around your wonderful home.’
‘You need a pig or a dog to help,’ said the Professor. ‘They have an excellent sense of smell. Though the pig may end up gobbling them up as soon as it finds them.’
‘I’d like to stay a bit more, if that’s okay, said Apprentice Grey to Apprentice Blue. ‘I’ve still got lots of questions for the Professor. I’ll do some gathering after dinner to help make up, please.’
‘If that’s okay with the Professor,’ said Apprentice Blue, looking to the Professor for her consent.
‘Sure,’ said the Professor with a smile. So the rest left to continue their gathering of ingredients for Apprentice Blue whilst Apprenticed Grey stayed to quiz the Professor some more.

#

The next day Apprentice Brown and Oxana had conspired to head back into the forest and get a better look at the Professor’s dragon, which is exactly what they did after helping Apprentice Grey deliver her fruit, making some excuse of having to assist Oxana’s mother in the kitchen. As expected, Apprentice Grey declined the invite to join them. She seemed to have a dislike for cooking.
‘I bet you don’t dare to climb inside,’ Oxana said teasingly as they tried to weave their way swiftly through the trees, stumbling over erratic tree roots and scratching brambles.
‘I will,’ said Apprentice Brown with defiance. He grew annoyed. Oxana knew he would be scared to even try, but he didn’t want to give her the satisfaction of being right.
They slowed, now less sure of which way exactly to head.
‘It was this way,’ Oxana said, pointing to a small path that led off to more trees, just like any other direction seemed to go.
‘It has to be this way,’ said Apprentice Brown, pointing in almost the opposite direction. The river is this way, and it runs past the Professor’s house.’
Oxana gave a grumble, not admitting he was right, but accepting it by turning down the path Apprentice Brown had chosen. And sure enough, after weaving through a few more trees, they spotted the domed back of the Professor’s creation. But to their disappointment as they approached, they also spotted the Professor.
They slowed to a halt, their plan ruined, unsure now of what course of action to take. The Professor had heard their approach and turned. She then gave a smile of recognition.
‘Good morning,’ she said. ‘Come this way to try out my dragon did you?’
She gave it a knowing pat that echoed with a metallic clang through its hollow interior. The children before her looked sheepish, but then she gave a grin. ‘I won’t tell if you won’t. Hop in.’
Their faces lit up at her words and they didn’t need any further encouragement as they picked up their feet and bounded towards the dragon.
To their surprise the dragon even raised its head, as if to welcome them. But they also saw the Professor withdraw and give a puzzled frown. 
‘It’s only a dumb machine,’ she said. ‘Stay back. It’s not meant to move on its own. I’ve toyed with the idea of making a machine that could think, but I’ve not yet got around to it.’
‘Then how did it move?’ asked Oxana.
The dragon didn’t wait for an answer. With a clatter it heaved its body round to face them, flames stoking up from its insides and licking round its mouth. With a lunge the dragon snapped with its metal jaws, just missing out on clamping down on the Professor's arm. The Professor hastily backed away, with shock wringing through her.
Apprentice Brown had faced down a dragon before, and against the odds he had triumphantly sent it on its way. But things were different now. He was scared of his magic, and couldn’t find the courage to summon its help, in case it took control of him. But he knew with the growing glow in the dragon’s insides that a burst of fire was headed their way. The Professor seemed to guess this also.
‘This way!’ she shouted, shepherding the children away.
Thankfully the dragon couldn’t move quickly and they were soon well out of its range. But they saw the occasional burst of fire it produced that scorched the trees around it, thankfully too damp to set ablaze.
'Looks like it's not going give up, no matter how long it takes,' said the Professor. ‘We need to stop it, somehow. It’s dangerous having it walking around. Even if it is too slow to catch anyone it could make its way into town and burn it down, little by little.’
Apprentice Brown scanned the area, squinting his eyes into slits as he thought, looking for anything that could help. His gaze hit upon the large clump of ferns where Oxana had tripped over yesterday, and an idea hit him with a jolt.
‘Over there!’ Apprentice Brown said with excitement, pointing to the ferns. ‘Get behind them and draw it over.’
‘It’ll easy burn them and then trample right through,’ said the Professor.
‘But they’re growing in a ditch,’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘It’ll fall in. It can’t climb, can it?’
The Professor gave a small smile.
'Well done,' she said, impressed with his clever thinking. 'You'll make a great inventor.' 
The trio bounded behind the fern, keeping their distance from the dragon. It stopped and then with great effort it stomped and clanged itself in a circle to face the fern. Sure enough, it gave a blast of fire and the ferns caught alight. The dragon then advanced.
The small group backed off, keeping the burning fern between them and the dragon. It slowly marched on and as expected one of its front legs stepped into the ditch causing its weight to shift. Slowly at first it tipped forward, teetering on the edge, before gathering momentum until it suddenly tipped forward and rolled onto its back with a clatter of metal. Giving futile waves of its squat legs there was no way for it to upright itself. And as if knowing this its fires suddenly died down and it stopped moving, becoming a lifeless machine once again.
The group then heard a cackle to their side and looked over to see the figure of a grey-haired woman steal behind a tree. Behind the tree trunk a strange grey fog hung, as if a localised storm brewed.
‘Hey!’ said the Professor to this onlooker and stomped over for a confrontation. Clearly this old woman had some role in recent events. But as the Professor approached the tree the fog seemed to lift. And when she reached her destination she then circled round the tree. Giving a frown she tapped on the tree trunk, then banged with her fist before looking back over at Apprentice Brown and Oxana.
‘She’s gone,’ the Professor said.
Misadventure Three – Shadows
Across the Tellus night its three moons, Qamar, Yue and Rakesh ride. Shining high above they appear almost as bright as day at the times when they gather near each other in full. The giant planet Dosei with its sparkling rings is also seen on its endless journey. Some say that at a specific time the moons and Dosei all align in a row and arc across the sky in such a way as to keep the sun blocked all day to create complete darkness; but that it happens only once every few thousand years.
Extract from Tellusian Astronomy

Summer had fully flourished in Oakbury, the town where Apprentice Brown lived, by means of an extra-hot spell that left all feeling sticky and sluggish. Even seeking shade didn’t offer much relief.
‘Make it snow, just a little, pleeeease,’ Oxana had begged Apprentice Brown.
But he shook his head. ‘I’m forbidden from practicing magic without the Sorcerer or Tabitha, or unless in great need.’
‘But this is great need. I’m slowly roasting to death.’ Oxana said, to try and convince him. But Apprentice Brown remained unmoved in his decision. So the friends had decided to try some camping, to help them get a cooler night’s sleep.
‘That sounds like a great idea,’ Apprentice Grey had said. She had been struggling with sleeping also. ‘I’ll join you.’
Oxana had scowled. Unknown to Apprentice Brown Oxana was beginning to feel somewhat jealous of Apprentice Grey’s friendship with him.
‘My tent’s not big enough,’ she had tried to argue.
‘That’s not a problem,’ Apprentice Brown had said. My grandpa has a large enough tent for all of us.’
Oxana couldn’t argue any further so had kept quiet. Therefore after delivering apples in town for the Sorcerer the friends had set up camp in the Sorcerer’s garden. They had cooked a dinner of fish, supplied by Oxana’s father, over an open campfire as the stars slowly began to awaken. Looking up at the glittering wonders above they could see the golden glow of planet Dosei with its magical rings and the silver light of Rakesh. The other moons of Tellus weren’t to be seen this night, riding over a far flung place such as Tellus Minor.
Following dinner they curled up inside their tent.
‘Anyone heard any good stories?’ Apprentice Grey asked. Apprentice Brown looked blank. 
‘Well, there is this one thing I heard,’ Oxana started. ‘It was from a merchant trading with my father. He said there’s a village halfway round the southern side of the forest where a boy grew a giant beanstalk from a magic bean.’ Her audience didn’t look impressed. ‘The beanstalk was so big it reached high into the sky and up past the clouds. And up there was a castle where a giant lived. And the boy battled the giant and became rich.’
Silence. Then everyone burst out laughing. It didn’t sound real to any of them. ‘Merchants,’ said Oxana, with a roll of her eyes. ‘Always telling tall tales.’
‘Sounds like the boy was a nasty thief,’ said Apprentice Grey. ‘Stealing from the poor giant.’
The mention of a thief stirred a memory for Oxana. ‘My father has had a few fish go missing lately. He says he saw someone running away early one morning; someone very fast. My father couldn’t even catch up with them. So the next night I stayed awake and spotted someone lurking around, all grey and ghost-like.’
‘Stop trying to scare,’ complained Apprentice Brown.
‘But it’s true,’ said Oxana, defending her case.
‘I’ve got a properly scary story,’ interrupted Apprentice Grey with a wicked smile. ‘And it’s true as well.’
Apprentice Brown shifted uncomfortably, but Oxana’s eyes lit up, so Apprentice Grey continued.
‘In the Spirit Mountains where I come from there’s a large forest and in a clearing in the forest, known as Shadowmoss Glen, a raised stone platform exists with a small wooden door sitting at its centre. It’s said to be a door to the Demon Realm.’
The eyes of Apprentice Brown and Oxana widened. Apprentice Grey kept going.
‘We would go there as kids and dare each other to open it. However nobody dared touch it; but one day I did. I crept up and slowly, ever so slowly, I reached out my hand to clasp the round door handle. It was made of cold brass and felt deathly chill to the touch.’
Saying this Apprentice Grey gradually reached forward towards the two, as if grabbing hold of an invisible door handle between them.
‘I remember a shiver going down my spine at how cold it felt. But still, I gave it a gentle turn and was about to open the door when there was a loud knocking sound.’
Suddenly a knocking sound could be heard inside the tent. Oxana and Apprentice Brown jumped with fright and each gave a squeal, clasping tightly to one another.
Apprentice Grey rolled to the floor in laughter. She held up her shoe and knocked on the wooden heel. Apprentice Brown and Oxana realised they has been tricked, then they nervously laughed along with her.
‘It is true about the door though,’ Apprentice Grey told them, sitting up again. ‘It exists, and I did dare to open it. But obviously there was nothing on the other side apart from the forest behind. It was probably the last remains of some old house that used to stand there, that nobody could remember.’
‘I know a really scary story, that’s true also.’ Apprentice Brown has said this, in an attempt to outdo Apprentice Grey. At first the others were surprised, as this subject wasn’t usually to Apprentice Brown’s comfort. And as the eyes of Grey and Oxana rested upon him he suddenly hesitated.
‘You sure, Brownie?’ Grey asked.
He nodded. ‘They’re called The Shadows,’ he started. ‘They can only be seen in the dark. And… and that’s all I know.’
Oxana and Apprentice Grey didn’t look convinced, almost disappointed at the lack of detail.
‘I read about them in a book in the Sorcerer’s library,’ he explained. ‘Or at least I started to read about them, but got too scared to finish.’
‘Let’s go and have a look then,’ suggested Apprentice Grey with a grin. And with that she got to her feet and hopped out of the tent. Oxana followed, and then Apprentice Brown, rather reluctantly. He was beginning to regret having mentioned it.
In the library they stared at the shelves of books lining all the walls from floor to ceiling.
‘Can you remember which one?’ Apprentice Grey asked him.
Apprentice Brown scratched his nose. He wasn’t sure, but the Sorcerer’s library was special. He could ask the book to show itself, though he knew the book always played tricks on him.
‘Can I have the book about The Shadows?’ Apprentice Brown addressed the library. 
Silence, then off a shelf popped a book and flew at Apprentice Brown rather too quickly. He managed to catch it just before it banged his head. Shade-loving plants read the cover. The books were playing games with him, as they often did. He thought about going upstairs to his bedroom where his magical book rested. The book would fill its single page with any requested text, and had never played tricks on him yet. But he didn’t get the time to retrieve it. 
‘Please may we read you for a while, Shadow book?’ Oxana chirped sweetly. The other books gave up their game and a small book wriggled from the shelf and floated over to Oxana, neatly popping itself in her opened-out hands.
‘Thank you,’ she said with a smile. 
Dark Tales, read the book’s cover. It flipped itself open and spun through its pages to the section Oxana was after. She scanned the page then began to read.
‘Tales of the people of the Shadows vary across Tellus. Some say they are a vicious race, hating the sun and anything that lives under it. Others the exact opposite, that they are shy and flee when encountered. But all accounts agree that they can only be seen in the dark, and when indirectly looked upon out the corner of your vision. Therefore nobody truly knows what they look like. Large, sunken eyes and grey skin is the most common description. Nobody has ever been known to speak with them to know if they understand spoken words. Most sightings are reported around the foothills of the Spirit Mountains in the north-west of Tellus Major, making people believe that they live within the mountain range itself. It’s believed that only when the moons of Tellus and the planet Dosei align, along with the twin stars Vela and Velorum, do the Shadow-folk feel emboldened to completely venture out for the brief time of complete darkness. Some believe it is in this brief moment of mysterious darkness that the Shadow folk turn to wicked ways.’
Oxana stopped. ‘That’s it. That’s not much. Though they do sound a bit creepy.’
‘If they’re even real at all,’ said Apprentice Grey. ‘You’d think one would have been caught, accidentally or purposefully hunted by now. Probably just a local tale to stop kids roaming around at night. I’m actually from around the Spirit Mountains and I’ve never heard of them before.’
Oxana gave a light scowl at Apprentice Grey’s opinions.
‘Well, I’m off to bed now,’ Oxana said abruptly, now seeming uninterested and not intending on reading any more. So the trio returned to their tent, but with Apprentice Brown slightly jumpier, and imagining movement at the edge of his sight.

#

Apprentice Brown opened his eyes. A faint noise had awoken him. It took a few seconds for him to remember he was inside a tent with Apprentice Grey and Oxana. He turned his head to each side to see them both fast asleep. All was quiet except for the faint and slow breathing that comes from a peaceful slumber. Then came the noise of a distant owl on the hunt in the darkness. It reassured him. He wasn’t afraid of owls. That’s what must have awoken him. Closing his eyes to return to sleep he heard a scraping noise close by and his eyes shot open again. Sitting up he then went to wake Apprentice Grey, but hesitated. There was no more noise, and he didn’t want to wake her unnecessarily. So he decided to poke his head out of the tent to investigate first.
Cautiously he crept forward and pushed his head past the door-flap. It was dark, but a full, silvery moon cast a magical glow upon everything. Apprentice Brown turned his head around but could see nothing moving. Then a noise again. His gaze darted upwards, to one of the Sorcerer’s towers. Apprentice Brown knew it was the tower to the Forbidden Realm; a place of wicked creatures. The moon sat behind the tower, casting the side Apprentice Brown looked upon into shadow. Was there the figure of a person trying to climb the tower? He wasn’t sure, but was now beginning to feel uneasy. And what if it was something escaping down the tower from the Forbidden Realm rather than climbing up? He popped his head back into the tent, turned and gave Apprentice Grey a shake. She opened her eyes, then sat up and yawned, realising it was still dark.
‘What is it, Brownie?’
‘There’s someone outside,’ he whispered.
She gave a frown and crawled forward to investigate. Oxana began to stir at the sound of their voices.
‘It’s clinging to the tower,’ he directed Apprentice Grey as she poked her head outside. She then disappeared completely from the tent and he followed, quickly pursued by Oxana now, who wanted to know what the fuss was about. Outside the tent Apprentice Grey stood there looking up at the tower.
‘I can’t see anyone,’ she whispered, and proceeded to walk towards the stone structure. Apprentice Brown and Oxana watched as she circled round it, looking up. She soon appeared on the other side.
‘Nothing,’ she said. They saw her silhouette in the moonlight give a shrug. ‘Maybe the dark is playing tricks on you.’
She began walking back to the tent, then stopped. Her gaze looked beyond Apprentice Brown and Oxana. Both turned to see what had attracted Apprentice Grey’s attention. There walking up the long and winding road from town towards the Sorcerer’s house strode a figure. It was difficult to judge its size in the dark, but it didn’t seem the full size of an adult. With its head down as it climbed the hill, it eventually looked up towards its destination and caught sight of the three onlookers. It stopped. Then quickly it turned and raced back to town.
‘Hey!’ Apprentice Grey called, then began to give chase after the mysterious figure. Oxana, never the one to show fear, sprang after Apprentice Grey, leaving Apprentice Brown unaccompanied.
‘Wait for me,’ he cried, not wanting to remain alone in the dark, and set off in pursuit also. Running down the hill and along the winding road he lost sight of Apprentice Grey as she entered town, but he followed Oxana who seemed to still have Apprentice Grey in her sights.
Rounding a corner he arrived at the town centre and had to abruptly stop with a skid to avoid colliding with Oxana. There stood both his friends at the edge of the dark and deserted town square.
‘We lost them,’ Oxana explained downcast.
They stood a while watching and listening, but all around everything slept peacefully.
‘Let’s head back,’ Apprentice Grey decided, breaking the silence. So they turned and without speaking trudged with defeat back through town, along the winding road and up the hill towards the Sorcerer’s house. Each pondered the mysterious figure. Who was it, and why approach the Sorcerer’s house in the dead of night?
Nearing their tent a whisper fell onto each of their ears. Someone was inside, talking, meaning possibly two people, or one crazy person talking to themselves. The trio glanced at each other wide-eyed. Apprentice Grey raised her finger to her mouth to shush any words.
‘We’ll make them think we’re Shadows’, they heard a whispering voice from inside the tent say. Apprentice Brown recognised the voice, Lisa, one of the Baker’s twins. With her sister Lyndsey, they were akin to the nemeses of himself and Oxana, always causing trouble and then acting all innocent to make sure he and Oxana got the blame. Silently Apprentice Grey beckoned Apprentice Brown and Oxana away so she could talk without the twins hearing.
‘Let’s scare them instead,’ said Apprentice Grey with a grin.
Oxana nodded in agreement. ‘Yeah, let’s be the ones who pretend to be Shadows.’ she said.
‘It would be even better to actually change into a Shadow with magic,’ Apprentice Grey suggested.
‘No!’ said Apprentice Brown fearfully, worrying over the consequences. ‘No magic. Not even a weaker spell, such as an illusion.’
This had come out too loud. First one head, then another popped out of the tent.
‘What are you two doing in our tent?’ Oxana snapped.
The girls hopped out of the tent acting all innocent.
‘We just popped round to say hello,’ Lyndsey replied with all innocence.
‘We heard you talking about camping earlier whilst delivering apples to father, and thought what fun it would be to camp also. We were in our garden, but we couldn’t sleep so thought we’d see what you were up to.’
Even in the moonlight Apprentice Brown could see Oxana’s eyes narrow with suspicion. No doubt the twins’ visit involved some mischief.
‘Was one of you on the road earlier?’ she asked. ‘And then scattered when we called?’
The twins looked at each other as if communicating telepathically, then shook their heads in unison. One of them then looked at Apprentice Grey and raised her hand, pointing.
‘What’s happened to your hand?’
They all looked at Apprentice Grey and her hand, or rather her lack of hand. It had disappeared.
‘I…I can’t stop it… the Shadow,’ said Apprentice Grey with fear cracking her voice.
Apprentice Brown knew instantly that she had been overthinking her idea about turning into a Shadow, and her magic had now taken control. 
‘Well, we’ll be off now,’ announced one of the twins, seizing their chance to escape. They both linked arms and marched off down the hill, but Apprentice Brown and Oxana were no longer bothered by them now. All their attention was on the plight of Apprentice Grey.
‘Sit down,’ Apprentice Brown ordered Apprentice Grey. Saying this he also sat cross-legged in front of her. She complied.
‘It’s not real,’ he reassured her, locking her in his gaze, suddenly so confident and mature beyond his childlike appearance. ‘You’ve never even seen a Shadow before, so it can’t be real. It’s all just in your mind. So come back to us. Breath in. Breath out. Relax.’
Apprentice Grey gave a nod in return to his calm and logical words. He was right.
He reached out to hold both her hands, the one that could be seen and the invisible one. Both were there, but one was chilled like ice. However her breathing was calmer now. Gradually Apprentice Brown brought Grey back. Her hand became visible but was still cold to the touch, but with her mind at peace she reached forward and gave him a hug. It reassured them both that the danger had gone.
The friends retired back to their tent, exhausted by the ordeal, and the rest of the night passed without further mishap. But for Apprentice Brown something still troubled him; not the danger Grey had just faced, but the figure on the tower. One of the twins couldn’t possibly have climbed up, then hidden so quickly, whilst the other one was down the road. Plus, they did everything together, never parting. So why would one be just arriving up the hill whilst the other was causing trouble round the tower? He couldn’t answer the question posed, and the twins would never tell the truth if he asked them. They reveled in causing confusion. But little did Apprentice Brown know that it wouldn’t be long until his questions were answered.
Misadventure Four – The Art of Empathy
Some possess a magical ability they know nothing of. The Art of Empathy is one such gift. It allows the user to magnify the magical talents of others; often those individuals that the bearer holds dear. However whilst this gift is given in kindness it can become a curse, corrupting those who receive its benefit of stronger magic into darker ways.
extract from Tellusian Majicks Past and Present

Today Apprentice Brown was accompanying Apprentice Grey on her daily task of delivering fruit from the Sorcerer’s orchard to various people in town. They were just leaving the bakery with two large loaves, still warm from the oven. They had received the bread in exchange for some of the Sorcerer’s juicy peaches. Walking across the town square there was a sudden raised voice that caused the pair to turn.
‘Uh-oh,’ said Apprentice Grey. ‘Looks like the Mayor’s wife is at it again.’
Apprentice Brown could see Mrs. Mallory the Major’s wife, all red-faced, as she snapped at a Peacekeeper. He was one of the Citadel Lord’s soldiers, responsible for helping uphold the peace across the land the Lord governed. In her hand Mrs. Mallory waved a rather sorry-looking bunch of roses, all wilted with snapped stems, appearing to almost threaten to hit the soldier with them.
‘Someone is responsible for this act of vandalism!’ said Mrs. Mallory, barking at the Peacekeeper. But she spun her head, making sure everyone was looking and had heard her complaint. ‘They’ve trampled right through my prized roses.’
Mrs. Mallory spotted her neighbour, Mr. Cobble, in the crowd and paused in her complaining, eyeing him suspiciously instead.
‘I shall have to try and salvage what I can for the flower show,’ she went on, attempting to gain sympathy.
‘I’ll see this is looked into immediately,’ said the soldier in reply.
‘He has to say that,’ said Apprentice Grey to Apprentice Brown in a low voice. ‘The truth is that the Mayor has already had someone look into it, but his wife likes to make a scene.’
‘But that’s not good enough,’ came the shrill voice of Mrs. Mallory.
‘She clearly wasn’t happy with the initial investigation,’ Apprentice Grey commented.
At that moment Apprentice Blue and Apprentice Yellow were also passing by. They stopped beside the other Apprentices to witness Mrs. Mallory’s performance.
‘I think you’d better help,’ said Apprentice Blue, looking up at Apprentice Yellow.
Apprentice Yellow gave a sigh and strode forward. If you didn’t know him, Apprentice Yellow would seem the most intimidating of figures; large and grim-faced. But his friends knew him for his kindness, and his special way with people to help create calm.
‘Goot mornink, Mrs. Mallory,’ he said in his thick accent, as he approached the scene. ‘You seem to be being very distressed, no?’
She gave a curt nod and said ‘Morning,’ but rather than let her respond any further Apprentice Yellow kept on.
‘There was rather nasty cold spell last night. Not goot for such beautiful flowers as yours. Plants become weak, and even passing fox could cause damage. But fear not. The lovely Apprentice over there,’ he motioned to Apprentice Blue, ‘can make potions so marvelous that your roses will be reaching as high as your house by the time of the flower show.’
Apprentice Brown heard a slight groan from Apprentice Blue. She either didn’t relish having to make a potion for Mrs. Mallory, or didn’t feel comfortable with Yellow’s praise, or maybe a bit of both.
However Yellow’s words had worked, and all those looking on could see Mrs. Mallory’s face soften from the rigid scowl it had held before.
‘Very goot,’ Apprentice Yellow said. ‘You will see. Prize-winners this year, I have no doubt of it.’
Mrs. Mallory even smiled at this comment. Everyone in the crowd stood in awe of Apprentice Yellow’s skill at managing to get the Major’s wife to actually smile.
‘We’ll come by later today with your potion,’ Apprentice Yellow told Mrs. Mallory. He then took one of her small hands in his own and kissed the back of it. Mrs. Mallory blushed, speechless, then went on her way. The Peacekeeper gave him a grateful salute. Apprentice Yellow nodded to him then strode back to the others in triumph.
‘You and your silver tongue really are something,’ Apprentice Blue told him. She linked her dainty arm with his trunk-like arm and puts her head against his side.
‘It’s just my gift,’ he said. ‘If it wasn’t for you and our Master I would never have discovered it.’ He tenderly kissed the top of her head.
Apprentice Blue looked up at Yellow. ‘However, you’ve also just volunteered me to make a potion for the Major’s wife. You owe me.’
They both laughed and she rested her head against his side again as they made their way back to the Sorcerer’s house.
Apprentice Grey gave a sigh. Apprentice Brown looked up to see her watching the pair leave. She had a smile on her face and her hands were clasped together at her chest. Then she looked down at his puzzled expression.
‘Ah, Brownie. Can’t you see? They’re in love.’
She shook her head at him and tussled his hair. ‘One day you’ll understand. Now come on, let’s get the rest of these apples delivered.’

#

Later that day Apprentice Brown accompanied Apprentice Yellow to the Mayor’s house to deliver the potion that Apprentice Blue had prepared. Tabitha was also accompanying them. Mrs. Mallory had been waiting impatiently all day for her promised potion and sprang out of the house at their arrival. They surveyed her garden and could see the patch of roses in which there indeed appeared to be a trail as if something had pushed its destructive way through.
‘My neighbour, Mr. Cobble, swore his dog chased off an intruder last night,’ Mrs. Mallory hissed. ‘But I think it was the dog itself. Some people need to keep their pets under better control.’
‘Here is the potion,’ Apprentice Yellow said, diverting her attention by holding aloft a small glass jar containing a dark green soup. ‘Add it to a watering can and watch it work its wonders.’
Mrs. Mallory snatched it from his hands and scurried over to a watering can, already filled with water, as if anticipating such an action. Carefully she emptied the thick contents of the jar into the can and gave it a stir with a stick. Then triumphantly, like she had already won her flower show trophy, she marched to her roses and sprinkled the precious water around the base of each plant. Seeing she was satisfied Yellow made to leave.
‘Well, I shall return in a few days to see how it’s going,’ he said.
Mrs. Mallory’s face dropped slightly, as if she had expected the roses to miraculously burst into bloom right before her eyes. And then to everyone’s amazement that’s exactly what started to happen. One rose bush shook, and everyone could see the tips growing, with leaves enlarging and unfurling and stems thickening. Soon all the bushes were growing vigorously, without any sign of stopping. Mrs. Mallory’s initial expression of delight soon turned to a look of concern, then fright.
‘Make them stop now,’ she demanded.
‘Err…’ was all Yellow could say. He hadn’t expected this to happen.
‘Stop!’ shouted Mrs. Mallory to her roses, so loud that the Mayor appeared at the front door, and the head of Mr. Cobble appeared at his window to see what all the fuss was about.
But the roses kept on growing and had soon surrounded Mrs. Mallory in the middle of her garden.
‘Help!’ came her scream as she realised she was trapped, and the roses climbed ever upwards, spilling into next-door’s garden as well as forcing the Apprentices back.
Tabitha turned to Apprentice Brown.
‘Do you think you can stop them with cold?’ she said.
Apprentice Brown hesitated. He was scared to use his magic. He gave a small shake of his head.
‘It’s okay,’ said Tabitha reassuringly. ‘One day it will come naturally and without fear.’
She turned and advanced towards the growing tangle. It was already obscuring the view of the Mayor’s house. The Mayor himself had retreated inside and a crowd had gathered to watch the spectacle. Those watching witnessed Tabitha’s hands glow blue and she touched the stems closest to her. Rivers of ice flowed from her hands and up the vines turning the plants into long ribbons of ice crystals. The growing slowed and eventually stopped as the mass of plants became a glittering mountain of ice.
Tabitha stepped back. The warmth of the summer air didn’t take long to help melt the ice and the roses sagged brown and near-death as the water dripped away. And there, in the middle of it all, a disheveled Mrs. Mallory could be seen, shivering slightly from the ordeal, with her hair in a tangle to match her roses.
Looking around she surveyed her precious garden and gave a wail, hands clasped to her head. Then she scowled at the Apprentices, hitched up her skirt and began stomping over the dead foliage towards them.
‘Oh dear,’ said the voice of an onlooker behind the Apprentices. Everyone knew Mrs. Mallory was about to unleash her fury.
Apprentice Yellow stepped forward.
‘Leave this storm to me,’ he said to Apprentice Brown and Tabitha, referring to the anger of Mrs. Mallory. He rolled up his sleeves for the task at hand.
‘It’s going to take every ounce of my skill to calm.’

Misadventure Five – The Art of Air
Those who control the air have the power to stir a gentle breeze, whip up the wind, or the might to create a storm. Lifting heavy objects becomes an effortless affair. And what if the user focused upon themselves? Could they beat the birds at their own game and take to the skies?
-extract from Tellusian Majicks Past and Present

Today all the Apprentices had gathered to be taught a lesson. An extra person was also present before them, Ethel the Sorcerer’s cook. When all were sat and comfortable the Sorcerer began.
‘Ethel not only creates delicious food, but she can create other things too. She can lock magic away into objects or create crystals from magic essence. We found that moving a person’s magic to a pendant helped keep it more under control. But you can only do this when you have learnt to master your magic and give it up willingly. I have mentioned before that the towers of this house have magic infused in them, specifically the Art of Translocation.’
The Sorcerer pointed to his Chart of Magical Arts. Apprentice Brown sought out the Art of Translocation on the chart which hung from a wall in the room. He could see it linked to the Art of Air. The Sorcerer continued.
‘The Art of Translocation was the gift belonging to an old Apprentice of mine who no longer wanted his magic, so Ethel bestowed it into the doorways that are now part of the towers, allowing us to travel to fixed points across Tellus.’
‘Couldn’t you get it to let you travel anywhere you wanted?’ Apprentice Brown asked.
The Sorcerer just shook his head. ‘We found we had to choose a fixed point. And five times we did this before my old Apprentice found his magic all gone.’
The Sorcerer beckoned Apprentice Yellow forward. He stood and marched his way up beside their Master and Ethel.
‘Apprentice Yellow here is going to lock some of his magic away. Following the incident with Mrs. Mallory’s roses we discussed the matter and felt it was the best option.’
Apprentice Yellow gave a nod. But Apprentice Brown was somewhat confused. It had been Apprentice Blue’s potion that had grown out of control.
Ethel stepped up to Apprentice Yellow. The bullish figure of Apprentice Yellow towered over her mouselike frame, but if anything, he was the one who appeared nervous, whilst nothing seemed to intimidate Ethel.
Ethel raised her hands, cupped around Yellow’s heart. She gave a deep breath. She was meditating, just like they were all taught to do, in order to help focus their magic.
Yellow’s chest started to glow with a pale purple light, and so did Ethel’s hands. Everyone watched on, unblinking in case they missed anything, mouths slightly agape with awe. The light from Yellow started to diminish, but from Ethel’s hands it grew stronger. She stepped away from Yellow and stared at her hands, then closed them together, as if trying to squash the light into a ball. Gradually the light began to die down and eventually it faded altogether.
With one final big sigh Ethel looked up and held out her flat palm. ‘Purple this time,’ she muttered.
There sat a dark, purple stone. Ethel offered it to Yellow. He picked it up between thumb and forefinger and held it aloft. It looked like a mere speck in his large, rough hand but it glittered brilliantly in the light as if alive.
The Sorcerer eventually broke the silence. ‘And that was a truly specific form of the Art of Change you all just witnessed. We’ll get the crystal fixed to a pendant and chain for Apprentice Yellow to keep it on. And that is it for today’s lesson.’

#

Apprentice Brown decided to pay his grandpa a visit. His grandpa had given him a pendant and Apprentice Brown suddenly wondered if it had been forged in the same way. Apprentice Orange asked to accompany him, and along with Apprentice Grey delivering fruit, the trio made their way down the rolling hill from the Sorcerer’s house and along the winding road into town.
Turning into the town square a bustling market scene was in play. It seemed even busier than usual. There were more people than normal numbers here to trade, and the place was truly packed. At one side of the square crates had been packed high, one atop another to make as much room for the market as possible. But even as the Apprentices looked on a gust of wind whipped up. It circled the market like a wave, with its motion able to be followed by the blowing of curtains, or rattling of jars or vases, or people suddenly finding themselves almost knocked off their feet with a yelp. The wave eventually hit the stacks of crates. They swayed dangerously before starting to topple. People below began to yell and rush for safety, but in a second someone would get crushed.
Apprentice Brown held his breath. From beside him he caught the flicker of Apprentice Orange’s arm at the corner of his vision, but his eyes remained on the crates; the very same crates which had now suddenly stopped falling and were suspended in mid-air. The cries died down and disbelief set in across the marketplace. Apprentice Brown looked over to Orange and her arm was still raised. She was holding the crates. Then with a flick of her wrist the crates spun and danced through the air to collect in safe and neat piles across the market. By now everyone has spotted the Apprentices and knew it was Orange who had come to the rescue. A great cheer arose.
Following the commotion and shows of appreciation the trio headed back to their Master to explain the event that had unfolded.
‘We’ve found your ability, the Art of Air,’ he said with a smile to Apprentice Orange.
‘But I wasn’t so good at controlling the wind?’ she said in puzzlement.
‘Controlling the wind is but one manifestation of it,’ he explained.
Apprentice Brown recalled their lesson from earlier. ‘Your Chart had written that the Art of Air is linked to the Art of Translocation. Could Orange have that power also?’
Their Master paused for a moment in though.
‘Maybe in some way,’ he eventually replied.

Misadventure Six – Grey Astray
Water is a powerful force. And those who can control it are regarded highly, whether by bringing life-giving rains to drought-ridden lands or by calming a tempest. Another, less well-known manifestation of water majick is for those that peer into its cool depths and see what others don’t. The water becomes a reflection of one’s true self, and those with this mastery see what really lies within another’s heart; joy, deceit, pain or fear.
Extract from Tellusian Majicks, Past and Present

Today, as with most days, Apprentices Brown and Grey and their friend Oxana were undertaking the task of collecting fruit from the Sorcerer’s orchard to take into town. The magical trees were letting their apples randomly float down and suspend in mid-air for the group to grab as part of a game.
‘Seventeen!’ Apprentice Brown shouted with glee as he spotted and then went to seize his seventeenth apple. The first to reach twenty would be crowned winner in a game that had the friends racing round the Sorcerer’s orchard grabbing at apples which bobbed in the air as if they were rolling on gentle sea waves.
‘Seventeen, eighteen!’ Apprentice Grey replied with a laugh, now having one more than Apprentice Brown.
‘Twenty!’ Oxana said, announcing it with glee. ‘I win’.
The others stopped. ‘What? You only had fifteen before!’ Apprentice Grey stated.
‘I lied,’ Oxana said with a sly smile.
The two Apprentices trudged over to inspect Oxana’s basket. The remaining three apples floated towards the group and placed themselves neatly in their respective baskets, so the friends now all had twenty apples each.
‘Let’s take them into town now,’ said Apprentice Brown. 
He could tell Apprentice Grey was annoyed at having been beaten and didn’t want Oxana to revel too much in her victory. He had started to notice his two friends weren’t as close as he was to each of them. It worried him. He didn’t want to have to choose between them. Oxana was his oldest and dearest friend. Grey was like a big sister.
‘We can go fishing with my father later,’ said Oxana as they started their walk into town, round the Sorcerer’s pond. Apprentice Grey followed the pair behind. The invite hadn’t been extended her way.
Apprentice Brown glanced back to see Apprentice Grey holding up an apple from her basket.
‘Why can’t the Sorcerer make these stupid things float into town anyway?’ she said with a grumble, clearly still annoyed at having been beaten by Oxana in their game. As if to add to her annoyance the apple she held slipped from her grasp, perhaps on purpose at being called a stupid thing. They all watched as it rolled along the grass to the top of a large, flat slab of stone, which in turn overlooked a small drop into the Sorcerer’s pond. All three realised at once that the apple was about to drop in. Grey raced forward to catch it, but the apple moved further and dropped. With a neat plop the pond consumed the apple. 
Apprentice Grey still grabbed forward to try and rescue it from the water but was out of luck. All she received was a handful of cold and slimy pond water instead. For a moment she stared forward into the water’s depths as if transfixed by her reflection. Then coming to her senses she gave a cry of disgust and shook her hand to try and rid it of the water. Apprentice Brown and Oxana looked on in silence, feeling awkward and not sure of what to say. They could tell Apprentice Grey was annoyed. She lifted a corner of her grey cloak and wrapped her wet hand inside to dry it. But upon unwrapping all could see the hand was not right. It appeared different; becoming see-through; becoming like water.
Apprentice Grey gave a cry. ‘No! Not again!’
She raised her arm and they all watched as the effect spread from her hand upwards like a rapidly advancing disease festering its way up her arm.
‘Sit and meditate!’ Apprentice Brown said, urging her to remain calm and practice her meditation as they had done recently when Apprentice Grey had lost control of her magic whilst thinking about the Shadows.
But this time her transformation was happening far quicker, fuelled by her previous anger, and now fear. She raised her other arm to notice that the infection had caught her other hand also. Twisting her head and taking a step back she looked upon her shoulder to see it change. She spun and looked at the other shoulder, taking another step back, but this time a step too far. Her foot slipped on the edge of the stone overlooking the pond that the apple had previously dived off. And with her arms flailing she fell, just as the apple did.
She hit the water, but there was barely a splash. Instead she just seemed to disappear from her clothing, as if being sucked out from the holes at the bottom of her trousers. Crumpling into a pile, the clothes were left floating atop the pond’s surface. A circular ripple moved out from them creating a small wave that lapped at the pond’s edge before the surface returned to calm. And that was the end of it, and seemingly the end of Apprentice Grey.
Apprentice Brown and Oxana sprang to life after a moment of disbelief. First they raced over to the water’s edge.
‘Grey!’ Apprentice Brown called, to no response. He searched the ground and found a stick to poke at the pile of clothes, and drag it ashore. He then poked around the water and stared into the murky depths, but no sight of his friend remained.
‘Let’s tell the Sorcerer,’ Oxana suggested.
Apprentice Brown hesitated, not wanting to leave in case she should reappear and in need of help. But gathering his thoughts he knew the Sorcerer was the best person to offer such help. So the friends raced inside and burst into the classroom as the Sorcerer was giving a lesson to Apprentice Blue.
‘Apprentice Grey fell into the pond!’ Oxana shouted.
‘She turned into water,’ Apprentice Brown said at the same moment, his voice filled with despair.
The Sorcerer paused to digest the information, and then with understanding he gave a sad nod. Ushering the two friends outside, followed by Apprentice Blue, they arrived at the pond’s edge.
‘Tell me again what happened?’ the Sorcerer asked.
‘We’d been playing, first to catch twenty apples. Oxana won and Grey looked annoyed. She started complaining about delivering apples and dropped one. It rolled into the pond. She went after it, but missed, and got her hand wet. Then she started changing; changing into water. And she slipped in, and was gone…’
Apprentice Brown stopped and choked back tears. The Sorcerer laid his hand gently down upon Apprentice Brown’s shoulder and slowly knelt with the effort his old body would allow him, until his eyes rested level with those of his young Apprentice.
‘There is nothing I can do,’ he said apologetically. ‘I’ve tried to calm the rage and fear inside Apprentice Grey, but it looks like sometimes the smallest of things can make her own ability turn against her.’ He raised himself with effort again.
‘No,’ said Apprentice Brown weakly, tears in his eyes. ‘There must be something we can do.’
But his eyes gazed across the Sorcerer’s garden as he uttered these words to the statue of Apprentice Red. Both Apprentice Red and Grey has suffered at the uncontrollable power of their own magic. He himself had come close also. It was up to the individual to undo their own power. He knew that. But still, what if she was down there. 
‘How deep is it?’ he asked.
The Sorcerer shook his head. ‘Deep,’ was all he could say. ‘The pond was here when I acquired the house. One of my past Apprentices tried to measure it, and even ventured in. He couldn’t reach the bottom.’
That offered no comfort to Apprentice Brown. Apprentice Grey could have sunk to the bottom, all cold and alone in the depths. What if just by going down they could help? He almost stepped forward to find out. But then he remembered; the Professor in the forest, the inventor, she had a suit that could help someone walk underwater. They could at least try.
‘There’s the Professor,’ Apprentice Brown said excitedly. ‘She has a special suit. I told you about it.’
The Sorcerer thought, then nodded. ‘Anything is worth a try,’ he agreed.
‘We could ask Apprentice Yellow to wear it,’ said Apprentice Blue. ‘I’m not really up to such adventures. I don’t know how to swim. But I know Dimitri, I mean Apprentice Yellow, can swim a bit.’
‘My father practically lives in water,’ Oxana piped up. ‘He’d love to try the suit on, I know he would.’
So it was agreed. And whilst Oxana retrieved her father, Apprentices Brown and Blue paid a visit to the Professor and explained the situation.
‘What luck,’ announced the Professor. Apprentice Brown gave a frown. He hardly thought Apprentice Grey’s misfortune was lucky, but now wasn’t the time to argue.
‘I’ve perfected it since we last spoke,’ the Professor added excitedly, her eyes sparkling like that of a child receiving a gift at Mid-Winter Fest. ‘Look.’
She directed them towards a suit most unlike the previous one, which had been large and designed to completely encase an individual. Now there was just a thin piece of cloth that looked rather small for an adult to wear. There was also a mask to cover the eyes. The Professor clicked a switch on the mask and to their surprise it glowed like the sun.
‘I’ve managed to harness the power that my water-wheel generates into a container. It doesn’t last long though.’ She clicked off the switch and the light went out.
The Professor then picked up a large cylindrical object.
‘I’ve managed to compress a huge amount air into this small space. Enough for someone to breath for an hour underwater, rather than having to rely on a cord like before. It delivers much more freedom for the user.’
Following the explanation they returned to the scene of the unfortunate accident, with the Professor and her suit in tow. Awaiting them stood Oxana and her father, along with the other Apprentices who now all knew of the fate that had befallen poor Apprentice Grey.
‘It’s rather tight,’ Oxana’s father noted as he emerged from the Sorcerer’s house after having changed into the suit. He then snapped his mouth shut, not wanting to offend the Professor. But none was taken.
‘Good,’ the Professor said. ‘The last thing you need is a baggy suit getting snagged on anything down there.’ She pointed towards the pond.
Oxana’s father nodded, seeing her point. Then with the help of the Professor he hoisted the cylinder of air onto his back by its straps. Then donning the mask and turning on the light he stepped up to the edge of the pond, crouched, before sliding himself in. The others watched as he sunk out of sight, only the appearance of bubbles giving any indication of his presence.
Silence from the crowd as they waited. Each minute seemed an eternity. At one point the bubbles stopped. Oxana grew anxious and crouched by the water’s edge trying to peer into its dark green depths. But then the bubbles came back again and Oxana breathed out audibly with relief. After about ten minutes there was a sudden burst of more vigorous bubbles and seconds later Oxana’s father emerged. He was alone.
He looked spooked, and in his hand he clutched something. Scrambling out of the pond on his knees he spat out the mouthpiece, choked out a bit of pondwater and gulped down the fresh air, taking off the mask. Then pushing the air-tank off he rolled onto his back with his eyes shut and his chest rising and falling to his heavy breaths. Everyone crowded round and leaned forward, awaiting his report. He clearly had something to say.
He opened his eyes and then his mouth, to breathlessly tell everyone his news. 
‘There’s someone down there.’

Misadventure Seven – The Fire Maiden
Way up in the Pel Alimor Highlands one finds the distinctive Lithogants; the giant rock beast, equally revered as they are feared. They actually eat the rocks around them, with their teeth being made from the strongest substance known in Tellus. The ingested rocks are metabolised into the creature’s body, making their skin actually turn into rock. It is thought they were the favoured food of dragons and developed this ability to camouflage and protect themselves. During mating they become violent, hurling boulders in a show of strength. But conversely they are gentle and dedicated parents, and are not normally regarded as aggressive creatures.
extract from The Distinctive Flora and Fauna of the Pel Region

Outside the Sorcerer’s magical house there gathered a crowd. One of the Sorcerer’s Apprentices, Apprentice Grey, had lost control of her magic and had disappeared into murky depths of the Sorcerer’s pond. The father of Apprentice Brown’s friend Oxana has just returned from the under the water in search of the unfortunate Apprentice.
‘There’s someone down there,’ he said. The words by Oxana’s father gave Apprentice Brown the hope of Apprentice Grey’s safe return, but not for long.
‘Some…thing,’ Oxana’s father added after a pause for thought. He sat up and surveyed his audience. ‘It had large eyes. I turned and it was right there facing me. It gave me such a shock that I choked. Then the light went out. I had to re-surface as quickly as I could, not knowing if the thing was in pursuit. And I just needed some proper air.’
Nobody was sure what to say, but they looked down to the object in Oxana’s father’s hand. He looked also, raising it up. It was a large stone, oval in shape, very white and very smooth.
‘I noticed this at the bottom,’ he said staring at the perfect shape in his hand. ‘It’s a long, long way down,’ he added, ‘and the whole thing opens out like some flooded underground cave. There’s a tunnel that trails off, but gets narrower and narrower. I didn’t follow it all the way. So I returned, and then I saw this.’ He indicated to the stone again. ‘I thought it might be Apprentice Grey’s head at first. I picked it up and that’s when I turned and saw…it.’
‘Was there any sign of her?’ Apprentice Brown asked after Apprentice Grey.
Oxana’s father shook his head sadly and lowered the stone, releasing it to roll beside the pond.
‘Describe the being you saw,’ the Sorcerer asked.
Oxana’s father looked up. ‘Big eyes. I only saw it for a split second.’
‘Are you sure?’ the Sorcerer asked.
Oxana’s father hesitated. He wasn’t sure. ‘It could have been a trick of the light. The swirls of slime and dead leaves and other things down there.’ He was talking himself out of it now. ‘Maybe it was nothing. If the light hadn’t gone out I would have known.’
‘I’ll work on it,’ the Professor said with a smile. She saw the constant improvement of her invention as a challenge to relished.
‘Can we try again?’ Apprentice Brown suggested, almost pleaded.
‘I can have the light powered up by tomorrow,’ the Professor added.
It didn’t seem soon enough for Apprentice Brown, but Oxana’s father didn’t appear keen to return, and neither did anyone else after his account.
The Sorcerer lowered himself to Apprentice Brown’s eye-level. Apprentice Brown already knew what was going to be said and burst into tears, leaning forward for a hug of comfort, which the Sorcerer returned without uttering a word of their loss.

#

The following day a beautiful blue sky welcomed Apprentice Brown as he awoke. As he looked from his bedroom window the sight of such a splendid day didn’t bring him any comfort, as his view overlooked the fateful pond.
Sleep had escaped him last night. Over and over he had played out yesterday’s events. What if Oxana hadn’t won their game? Apprentice Grey wouldn’t have been so annoyed. She wouldn’t have lost control of her magic.
But what was the point thinking in what-ifs? She was gone. Maybe one day she would find herself and return. Apprentice Brown still clung to that hope. And he would visit the pond each day to talk with her. Even the Sorcerer had agreed, though somewhat doubtfully, that it could help. For today though he had a brief magic lesson and was then tasked with meditation. The Sorcerer thought this would help calm his mind. Though even Apprentice Brown could read the look his Master and Tabitha cast upon him. He could see the worry in their eyes. What if his grief caused him to lose control of his magic, making a raging, uncontrollable snow storm appear? So he had agreed.
Oxana came to visit. Opening his bedroom door, he heard her and turned from the window towards his friend. She could see how upset he was.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said.
‘It wasn’t your fault,’ he told her.
‘But if she hadn’t been so angry….I…I’m not very friendly to her am I? I wish she could come back.’
Apprentice Brown shuffled over and gave his friend a hug. She meant well, and now she could see that her jealousy of Apprentice Grey was pointless.
‘Nobody is to blame,’ Apprentice Brown said, looking into her green eyes for added effect, repeating the words and actions of his Master. She nodded.
‘I want to help,’ she said. ‘Let me deliver fruit today. Please?’
Today’s task was actually scheduled to clean roof tiles rather than deliver fruit. Suddenly Oxana didn’t seem so keen, but she wanted to help, so agreed.
They left his bedroom and descended the staircase to meet Ethel, the Sorcerer’s cook, in the hallway. She eyed them suspiciously.
‘Have you been traipsing your muddy shoes through here?’ she said.
They shifted their gaze across the hallway and could see marks traversing the stone floor leading from the main door to the door under the staircase, which in turn led to the tower that opened out onto the Endless Ocean.
At that moment the Sorcerer came into the hallway from the classroom. He spotted the muddy footprints they were all looking at.
‘I haven’t been through there today,’ Apprentice Brown said defensively.
Ethel gave a grumble from her throat.
‘None of us have been to the Ocean today,’ said the Sorcerer.
‘What if it was something coming from the tower, like a wolf,’ said Apprentice Brown, with fear now quaking his voice.
The Sorcerer looked intently at the marks on the floor and seemed to come to some conclusion in his mind.
‘Nothing to worry about,’ he said.
‘I’ll clean the floor,’ said Oxana, trying to be helpful. ‘I was going to clean the tiles anyway.’
This seemed to satisfy Ethel and she busied herself off to the kitchen, whilst Oxana headed outside.
The Sorcerer motioned to the potion room to begin Apprentice Brown’s magic lesson, but then patted his pocket.
‘Forgot my glasses,’ he said.
‘I’ll get them,’ said Apprentice Brown and skipped to the back of the hallway and into the Sorcerer’s bedroom. There on the desk he spied the Sorcerer’s glasses. Reaching for them his gaze shifted to a nearby necklace with a transparent orange pendant. It looked exactly the same as the pendant Apprentice Grey wore.
‘I made that myself,’ the Sorcerer said to his young Apprentice from the doorway. ‘It contains a measure of my magic within.’
‘It looks exactly like Apprentice Grey’s,’ Apprentice Brown noted.
His Master just nodded.
‘What is your magic?’ Apprentice Brown asked, with curiosity shining in his eyes.
His Master gave a smile. ‘I told you when you first became an Apprentice that it is sometimes wise for a Sorcerer to keep his special gift a secret. I shall not be revealing anything today. But maybe one day.’
Apprentice Brown knew better than to pursue the matter further.
Meanwhile, outside Oxana had headed outside and skipped over to the well to gather water. She reached up to the crank to begin lowering the bucket. It made a large groan as she started. Then she heard something else which made her stop and listen.
There it was again, the sound of a voice.
‘Help.’ It came in an oh-so-faint way. ‘I’m down here.’
Oxana’s eyes fell to the well.
She let go of the crank and peered down. In the dark depths she thought she could make out a person. Then she heard the voice, again very weak.
‘Help me.’
It sounded like Apprentice Grey.
‘Apprentice Grey? It’s me Oxana!’ she shouted down. ‘I’m going to lower the bucket!’
With urgency Oxana grabbed the crank again and furiously wound it round and round to lower the bucket. The rope went slack. She stopped and raced back to the edge of the well.
‘Grab hold,’ she ordered. She saw the rope pull and went to grab the crank to stop it spinning. Then with all her might she wound the bucket back up. It took every ounce of her strength, but with much heaving and heavy breathing Oxana saw the head of Apprentice Grey appear above the well’s mouth.
‘Grab onto the edge,’ Oxana told her, keeping the crank as still as she could. Apprentice Grey seemed half in a dream, but eventually did as ordered. Oxana wished she’d move quicker. Her arms were aching so much, but she remembered the ordeal poor Apprentice Grey has just been through so remained silent and kept the crank steady.
Oxana could now see Apprentice Grey was completely naked, and looked so cold and wet, her dark red hair tangled round her shoulders, full of weeds and green pond-scum. The sun would help warm her though. So with difficulty Oxana helped Apprentice Grey over the edge of the well and set her on the grass, in the warm sunshine. She sat there, head down, shivering.
‘Rest here a moment,’ Oxana said, not that Apprentice Grey looked to have an ounce of strength to move far anyway, so Oxana rushed off to get something to cover her with and tell everyone else the great news.
Rushing into the Sorcerer’s house, she immediately spotted the Sorcerer by his bedroom. The Sorcerer turned and looked to the excited girl in the doorway. Apprentice Brown appeared from behind the Sorcerer. Oxana saw him and pointed at his cloak.
‘Quick, give me you cloak. Apprentice Grey is back. But she has no clothes on.’
Apprentice Brown jumped forward as if having been stung by a bee in is rear, but did as he was told and undid his cloak, with a smile growing across his face at the happy news.
‘Is she okay?’ the Sorcerer asked as he crossed the hallway.
‘She hasn’t said much,’ Oxana replied. ‘She feels very cold.’
She snatched at the offered cloak and raced out. The others followed and were surprised when she went not towards the pond but to the well.
‘Stay back,’ she snapped, ‘until I’ve covered her.’
So they slowed down, but could see the bent figure of Apprentice Grey beside the well in the distance. Once Oxana waved them over they rushed forward. Apprentice Grey sat there clutching at her pendant which hung from her necklace. She never took it off, and had even snapped at Apprentice Brown when her had asked her for a closer look in the past. Now it seemed to provide her comfort. Slowly she looked up and smiled weakly at her rescuer. In turn Oxana leant forward and gave her a hug, then helped her to her feet.
Slowly, as if Apprentice Grey had to learn how to walk all over again, they made their way back to the Sorcerer’s house. By now the other Apprentices had gathered, aware of Apprentice Grey’s return. Helped up to the bathroom by Oxana a warm bath was prepared to clear away the grime. Then afterwards Apprentice Grey slept, under the watchful gaze of Tabitha.
Upon waking she called for Apprentice Brown and the Sorcerer.
‘I’m scared,’ she said, and began to cry. ‘I can’t control it.’ She was referring to her magic. ‘I don’t want to be lost to the darkness anymore.’
‘But you found your way back this time,’ the Sorcerer said encouragingly. ‘You’re gaining much more control.’
Apprentice Grey stopped crying and looked up at them.
‘Someone helped me,’ she said, as if suddenly remembering. ‘Someone was down there and led me to the well.’
‘Oxana’s father went down to help search for you,’ the Sorcerer explained. ‘He said there was a tunnel. It must lead to the well. His presence must have been enough to guide you out of there.’
Apprentice Grey smiled. ‘I must thank him.’
Once she’d had a small bite to eat Apprentice Grey seemed in much better spirits and insisted on making her way to Oxana’s house. She didn’t feel like sitting around and resting, to dwell on negative thoughts. The Sorcerer agreed, but asked her to return soon to meditate.
Making their exit from the Sorcerer’s house Apprentice Brown could tell Apprentice Grey held a much more stable frame of mind. He hoped her return had proved that she was overcoming the fierce nature of her magic. They walked past the pond and she managed a smile as he looked up at her. But the smile was quickly removed as a loud noise came from the forest behind them, it was the splitting of timber. 
They both spun to face the noise, where from the trees burst a huge figure, as tall as the trees themselves. It had the general shape of a person, with a head, arms and legs coming from a central body, but all formed entirely from rock as if someone had taken a pile of boulders and stuck them all together in that way. It casually lumbered towards the Sorcerer’s house with huge strides. It reached its destination in merely four giant steps, each one pounding down with ground-shaking consequences and leaving huge craters behind.
It then swung its arm back and up, circling it round to come pounding down upon the roof with the rock at the end of its arm that represented a fist. Thankfully the magical roof of the Sorcerer’s house took the blow without a tile out of place, as if being struck by a mere pebble. The monster’s fist cracked in three large chunks, separating from its body, that then slid off the roof, each hitting the ground with deafening booms. Whilst hundreds of smaller fragments of stone and dust of varying size rained down in all directions. From the doorway and windows of the house the Sorcerer and the other Apprentices could be seen, looking on in horror, but at least safe inside, for now.
The two Apprentices outside instinctively crouched and raised their arms to shield themselves from the stone shower. Apprentice Grey gave a cry and Apprentice Brown shot his gaze up at his friend to notice a cut across the top of her cheek, with a line of dark red blood just starting to trickle its way out and down her face.
‘Stupid beast!’ Apprentice Grey shouted furiously at the impossible creature.
Apprentice Brown, still regarding his friend’s face noticed her eyes glow red with anger, until they were blazing like sparkling rubies. Wafts of smoke began to rise from her body and a strange shimmer enveloped her entire being. 
‘Grey!’ Apprentice Brown cried, realising her dark magic was about to take control, and something unstoppable was about to happen to his friend.
But his words never reach Apprentice Grey’s ears before her body burst into smoldering flames of rage, sending him tumbling away to avoid being scorched. He rolled over and had to keep backing away from the inferno, but tried to keep his eyes fixed upon his friend who was now just a roar of fire. Though the flames didn’t last long and soon died down to reveal Apprentice Grey standing there ablaze, white-hot with rage, her entire being a swirling pool of molten fire in the form of a young woman. 
Commandingly she raised her arms and two twisting ribbons of flames shot from her extended hands, as if her arms were growing longer. They wrapped themselves around the attacking rock monster, the parts of which started to glow orange in response to the heat being applied.
Apprentice Brown looked on wondering if Apprentice Grey even knew what she was doing. He was reminded of how he had been taken over by the power of dragons for a brief while, acting upon a primitive instinct of self-preservation.
Apart from making it hotter, Apprentice Grey’s flames didn’t seem to have any noticeable effect on the beast of rock other than to annoy it. The monster paused and drew its attention away from the Sorcerer’s house. Slowly swiveling the rock that was its head it gazed without eyes upon Apprentice Grey. A crack across its head appeared, opening what was its mouth, and a gravelly roar emitted from the hollow. Then with only a single stride of its megaton foot it was almost upon Apprentice Grey. It swung its mighty arm back and round, aimed towards the young maiden.
‘Grey!’ Apprentice Brown called again, as the boulder came pummeling down upon her. But with a frenzy of flames that licked around the rocky fist, three large wisps of fire leapt into the air and spun momentarily as molten globes before dropping and landing, merging back together several feet away in the form of a person made of flames once again.
The rock monster, noticing its actions were having little effect turned back to the house again, as Apprentice Grey raised her arms once more to twist ribbons of fire around her foe. However now she also seemed to come to her senses. Her shoulders sagged, and her head turned down as if to appraise herself and her surroundings, before noticing Apprentice Brown.
‘Help me Brownie!’ her voice pleaded over the roar of flames and grinding of rock.
She still didn’t seem to be in full control, not able to lower her arms. Apprentice Brown wasn’t sure what to do.
‘Cool me down with your magic,’ she suggested.
The heart of Apprentice Brown raced at the thought of summoning his magic.
‘What if I destroy you, like I did Gonzalez?’ he said fearfully.
She paused, but for only a moment. ‘I believe in you,’ she told him, suddenly quite calm but deadly serious.
It was enough for Apprentice Brown. He held the power to help Apprentice Grey. So he stood straight and attempted to clear his mind. But as if summoned the dragons’ whispers arose.
‘Summon our power,’ they hissed.
He ignored their calling with a shake of his head.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.
Not noticing as the monster pounded yet again on the Sorcerer’s house, causing more shards of rock to spray the surroundings, Apprentice Brown willed the might of the cold to come forth.
With immediate effect the air chilled. Apprentice Brown had become accomplished enough to master his skill with more precision now. Only the cold had been summoned, so only the cold came. No more were they accompanied by gathering clouds, and no storm broke. 
The flames smoldering from Apprentice Grey began to die down. She smiled, as did Apprentice Brown. In front of them the rock-monster stepped back. They both gazed up at their giant foe, still being enveloped by the spiraling jets of flame shooting from Apprentice Grey’s raised hands. With a loud crunch a crack tore down the largest boulder that formed the main part of its body. Then other rocks started to suffer the same fate.
‘The cold is making its hot body crack,’ a voice like that of their Master explained. But the Apprentices heard the words not from their ears but within their heads. They glanced over to see the Sorcerer standing within the doorway of his house, communicating to them without sound using the Art of Soul.
Their Master then raised an arm towards the beast and clenched his fist. One of the monster’s cracked arms tore away from its body by the magical force of the Sorcerer. The Sorcerer threw out his arm again, fingers splayed on his hand as if scattering corn. The creature’s arm reacted as if it were the corn the Sorcerer was scattering, with fragments sent flying far across the forest out of harm’s way. Then the other arm followed under the same movement from the Sorcerer.
Soon the whole body of the monster was cracking and falling away, before being sent shooting into the air and over the canopy of trees to land safely within the middle of the forest.
The jets of flames from Apprentice Greys arms flickered and died, like a candle taking its final breath. Apprentice Grey found the strength to lower her arms and sank to her knees, exhausted. Her body continued to cool, and the swirling pools of fire slowed and grew darker and darker, until she started to resemble a black statue.
Apprentice Brown’s heart jumped. What if she was being trapped in stone once again? He quickly tried to calm himself and undo his spell.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.
Once more the effect was immediate, and the icy bite left the air to bring back the warmth of the summer’s day. Apprentice Brown raced over to the kneeling figure of Apprentice Grey. Cautiously, in case of the heat, he reached out his hand and laid it upon Apprentice Grey’s shoulder. She turned her darkened head up to him and smiled. Her complexion lightened, and her skin started to return to normal. He fell forward and gave her a hug of joy. Both their magical abilities seemed to have reached a significant milestone.
Sounds came from the direction of the house as the Sorcerer and the other Apprentices approached, some with cheers. Apprentices Brown and Grey looked up. Tabitha knelt by the pair and looked at each of them.
‘Are you both ok?’ She was concerned over their use of magic, but then smiled at their show of self-control. Both Apprentices nodded with confidence. Behind them Apprentice Blue and the Sorcerer were in conversation.
‘Monsters like that don’t occur in the wild unless I’m mistaken,’ Apprentice Blue noted. ‘It was similar to the rock beasts of the Pel Alimor Highlands, but definitely not one of them. If I had to guess I’d say it came from the hand of someone who can control magic.’
The Sorcerer frowned under his bushy, grey eyebrows and gave a grave nod of agreement.
‘That’s why the boulder bounced right off my roof. If magic hadn’t been involved the rocks would have crashed right through instead,’ he said. ‘The house deflects dark magic. Who or what sent that creature, and for what purpose though I know not. It felt like a test.’
He gave a further frown and his eyes glazed over in thought.
He shook his head. ‘I suspect it won’t be long till they make an appearance.’
Misadventure Eight – Fishboy
At the heart of the great continent of Tellus Major there pools a vast body of water; Lake Tellus. So vast does its shores stretch in either direction that a wanderer would be forgiven for thinking to have chanced upon the great Endless Ocean. But a lake of freshwater indeed it is, of unknown depth and mystery, said to harbour all manner of strange lifeforms including the mythical water folk, the Laculus. If one is brave enough to venture by boat to the centre of the Lake on a calm winter’s night it is said that upon staring into the depths of the clear crystal water luck may reveal the distant twinkling lights of Laculus City. 
extract from Tellusian Waters

The usual peace of Oakbury had been broken with recent events. The superstitious amongst the populace had seen the wild flood at the start of spring as a bad omen. Now in high summer their worries had been confirmed with the town’s beloved Sorcerer having been attacked by a beast of rock. And to add to misfortune it seemed a crime wave was sweeping through town, with a thief on the prowl. Mr Mallory the Major called an urgent town meeting.
‘What is known of the creature that attacked?’ the Major asked his audience.
‘Are there a tribe of them hidden in the trees waiting to strike?’ his wife added, to stoke fear into the crowd. 
‘Those kind of creatures hail from the Pel Alimar Highlands,’ said Mrs. Bumblebelly knowingly. ‘What are they doing so far from home?’
Fear did indeed stir amongst the crowd. Nobody had an answer to such a problem. All eyes turned to the Sorcerer.
‘I was definitely its target, but for what reason I do not know.’
What the Sorcerer didn’t disclose was that the attacking creature was a magical fabrication, and not actually one of the stone creatures of Pel Alimar. But the Sorcerer knew that this would only stir up an irrational distrust of magic, and to those that wielded it; whether friend or foe. Though his words did seem to slightly help alleviate their worries of a hoard of stone creatures suddenly rampaging through town.
Discussion moved on to the thief in the night.
‘We need to find out who it is and lock them up,’ Mrs. Mallory snapped. ‘They trampled through my garden and ruined a swath of my prize flowers.’ She seemed of the opinion that the whole thief’s agenda was a plan to sabotage her chances in the flower show at the town’s annual Summer Fayre.
‘It happens at night, so we shall organise a watch,’ the Mayor suggested.
‘And what if the culprit is sitting right amongst us now!’ Mrs. Mallory snapped, eyeing those around her with suspicion. Everyone saw her point.
Apprentice Brown’s grandpa tried to offer a sympathetic point of view. ‘We have to ask ourselves why this individual, or group, is doing this.’
That didn’t go down well with those thirsty for revenge, but all eyes turned to Oxana’s father. The fish he caught for a living had been a particularly regular target. He shifted uncomfortably under their gaze. In truth he was already preparing a trap that very night. But he kept his plans a secret. The Sorcerer had agreed to help, even offering his magic to capture the culprit. Like Apprentice Brown’s grandpa, he was keen to avoid a very public unveiling of the thief without knowing what was driving their behaviour.
The meeting came to a conclusion with a night-watch being put on a rota.

#

Apprentice Brown was bedding down with Oxana in her small cottage, with Apprentice Brown’s grandpa who now lived with Oxana’s family. Oxana’s father intending on keeping his own watch on his home until the thief struck. The two friends were both excited and a little scared, but eventually their heavy eyes were taken by sleep.
The friends were awoken by a cry of success from Apprentice Brown’s grandpa in the early hours just before the sun had risen. Even Oxana’s father had eventually fallen asleep. With no sight of the thief for most of the night he had closed his eyes for what he thought would be just a minute but was deep in slumber instantly. However the Sorcerer’s magic had worked, and there lying sound asleep in a magical slumber within the cool fish cellar was a most peculiar looking young man. He was definitely not one of the townsfolk. His attire was a light-fitting material that they didn’t recognise. Its colour seemed to change and shimmer in the light. It also seemed rather ragged. However it was his almost colourless grey skin that also made them stare, so much so that the audience gazing upon him wondered if the poor soul was even alive. But he proved warm to the touch. So Oxana’s father had carefully lifted him into a makeshift wooden cage sat atop his kitchen table, awaiting the arrival of the Sorcerer to lift the spell of sleep.
They didn’t have to wait long. With the rising of the sun came Apprentice Brown’s Master and Tabitha, and along with a muttering of magical words the sleeping spell was undone.
The young thief slowly yawned and stretched and began to open his eyes. But then realising something was amiss his eyes shot open. They were large and grey eyes. He sprang up, only to crack his head on top of the wooden cage, so instead he backed away into a corner feeling with his hands behind him for any way out as his eyes darted to each of the stranger faces watching him in front. They could see his hands and feet were webbed.
‘They say Mr. Cobble has webbed feet,’ Oxana’s mother was heard whispering to Oxana’s father. ‘Cos his ma and pa were cousins.’
‘He looks like one of the Shadow folk described in the book we read,’ Oxana said to Apprentice Brown. ‘Large eyes and grey skin.’ Both children gazed at the curious young man again and their own eyes widened at the thought they had captured a Shadow.
The Sorcerer stepped forward.
‘Where do you come from?’ he asked.
The strange man did not answer.
‘Do you understand?’ the Sorcerer added. He said some more words but in languages none of the others understood. Each was met with silence from the young man. The Sorcerer gave a pleased smile and clapped his hands as if summoning someone, but nothing appeared to happen. Instead he turned to his waiting friends who were eager for his report.
‘From his eyes I can tell he understands the Tellusian common tongue that we all speak, and quite a few of the other languages I tried as well.’
The group could tell the Sorcerer’s interest was piqued by their new arrival. 
Then to Oxana’s father the Sorcerer said, ‘Please open the cage door.’
As the cage door creaked open their captive pressed himself even further against the back.
‘D..d..don’t eat me,’ he pleaded. He then gave a loud cry. It startled the crowd. But Oxana’s father had the answer. He threw one of his fish into the cage. The young man eyed it up, then made a snatch for it. He was clearly very hungry. He bit straight into the raw flesh and chewed quickly before swallowing. Apprentice Brown and Oxana screwed up their noses at the sight of this peculiar Fishboy. But the adults around them kept their composure.
‘We’re not going to harm you,’ Tabitha said. Everyone had thought it odd what Fishboy had said. Tabitha stepping forward and reaching out her hand as a peace offering. ‘We just want to know who you are and why you have been stealing our fish.’
The chewing slowed and Fishboy gazed down at his meal with a taste of guilt.
‘I was hungry,’ he said quietly.
Tabitha smiled and gave a reassuring nod. She still had her hand extended. ‘Please, let us talk.’
Cautiously Fishboy took her hand, still clutching his fish in the other, and climbed out of the cage. Tabitha gestured to a chair, which Fishboy stared at bemused. Tabitha sat in a nearby chair, as if showing him what to do. He watched her, then did the same, but more clumsily. Apprentice Brown and Oxana looked at each other, amazed that someone didn’t know what a simple chair was.
A small knock came from the front door. Several in the room jumped, including Fishboy. Everyone turned their heads to the door. As if expecting a visitor the Sorcerer breezed over and opened the door. In floated a book. It was tattered and yellow-brown; clearly very old. It sailed across the room and landed on the table. Everyone now understood what the Sorcerer’s clap had been for moments earlier. He had summoned the book.
Then in its place in the doorway stood Apprentice Grey. She leaned against the doorframe, out of breath.
‘I was just coming downstairs to make an early start on picking fruit when I saw that float out the house.’ She pointed to the book and breathed heavily to catch her breath. ‘I chased it all the way here.’ Then she looked round at everyone. ‘What’s going on?’ Her eyes met Fishboy and she gave a sharp intake of breath.
‘You,’ she said quietly. Narrowing her eyes to squint intently at Fishboy and she stepped forward. ‘I’m sure I’ve met you before, but where?’
‘I know,’ said Oxana’s father. ‘I’ve met him as well; at the bottom of the Sorcerer’s pond. Was it you down there?’
Fishboy gave a nod. ‘I’ve been hiding there.’
Apprentice Grey stepped up to the table. ‘And it was you who helped me?’ She then looked at Oxana’s father, now realising that he wasn’t the one who had led her to the bottom of the well. It had been this strange young man instead.
Fishboy nodded. ‘You were lost,’ he said. ‘I could feel your presence, as part of the water. You were scared.’
Apprentice Grey edged round and knelt by him, taking his hand and staring into his large eyes. ‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘I wouldn’t have made it back without your kindness.’
For the first time Fishboy gave a small smile, and seemed to blush, his grey skin flushing a greenish-blue at his cheeks.
The flick of the book’s pages on the table drew everyone’s attention. The Sorcerer was gazing upon it giving nods of confirmation as he read.
‘Yes,’ he finally said, and the book snapped shut. He looked up at Fishboy.
‘You’re one of the Laculus.’
Fishboy didn’t respond, and even seemed fearful at having his identity revealed. The Sorcerer kept on. ‘The Laculus live underwater. A very secretive people. So mysterious in fact that most don’t think you really exist. But there are tales of your kind being hunted, and even eaten, by people. We certainly won’t be eating you.’ The Sorcerer said this to reassure Fishboy. ‘You come from Lake Tellus?’
The Sorcerer’s question seemed to imply that there may be other locations the Laculus were found. All turned to Fishboy. He seemed to be thinking. Then his shoulders lowered, as if he realised it was now pointless keeping his identity a secret.
‘Yes,’ he said, confirming the Sorcerer’s words. ‘My name is Selmon. I’m of the Laculus of Lake Tellus. I was brought unwillingly here by a great flood a few months ago. I hurt my arm and leg and needed to rest, so I sought refuge in your pond. I found myself unable to catch fish properly, so resorted to taking them. I’m sorry. But my strength has been growing. And I found my way through your towers at night. One came out at the ocean. Another in a large city.’
‘You’ve witnessed the Endless Ocean, and we now know the mystery of the muddy footprints across my hallway. The other place is the Citadel,’ said the Sorcerer. ‘Your kind need not fear whilst the Lord of the Citadel brings peace to the land,’
Selmon shook his head. ‘We still choose to live in secret. Lords, and peace, don’t live forever.’
‘That’s quite wise for one so young,’ the Sorcerer replied. ‘We shall respect your wishes. But now you need to recover, before making the long journey home. Let us help.’
Selmon looked up at the Sorcerer, and at the friendly faces around him, and finally raised a smile.

Misadventure Nine – The BeastWhisperer and BeastMaster
There are those in the world who have an affinity with creatures. The bond may come in various forms, from the ability to naturally implant your trust into an animal’s heart and gain its friendship, to changing your form and running wild and free with the beasts. There are also those who can control creatures with music or with potions.
extract from Tellus: A Natural History

It was late summer, and the prickly and sticky heat of the nights proved stifling. Apprentice Brown and his friend Oxana spent many an hour by the river with Oxana’s father catching fish. Accompanying them was Selmon, the one-time fish thief who now sought to make amends by helping catch the fish instead. He was an expert swimmer and fisherman; being able to grab the slippery creatures with just his bare hands.
To the town’s folk he appeared like any other person, with his webbed hands and feet and his grey skin and his large eyes masked by the Sorcerer’s Art of Mirage. To them he was merely Oxana’s cousin visiting from the Citadel.
Apprentice Grey joined them each day after completing her fruit delivery for the Sorcerer. Apprentice Brown could see she was grateful to Selmon for having saved her from the Sorcerer’s pond, when her magic had uncontrollably turned her body into water. She spent a lot of time listening to his tales of Lake Tellus. And they would often go walking together, just the two of them.
And now instead of meditation lessons the Sorcerer would oversee Apprentice Grey practicing her magic by the riverside, with Selmon present. His calming influence was apparent to all, and it wasn’t long before she could turn her body into the form of a water maiden and back again with what seemed like little effort whilst having Selmon supportively by her side.
Selmon healed fast, and soon his arm and leg felt strong enough that his thoughts turned to home.
‘I will follow the river upstream,’ he told the Sorcerer.
‘Let us travel with you,’ the Sorcerer said. ‘It will be safer, and I have to admit I would be curious to meet your people.’
Selmon thought hard about the danger posed by the Sorcerer’s desire to see his people, but he had no reason to distrust those who had helped him so far. He nodded in agreement. So preparations were made for the journey, and just a few days later a small party of five travelers left Oakbury before the sun had risen. The party consisted of Selmon, the Sorcerer, Tabitha, Apprentice Grey and Apprentice Brown. Apprentice Blue wanted to stay as it was harvest time for her to collect ingredients for her potions. Apprentice Yellow decided to stay with Blue, and Apprentice Orange said she was too old for travelling.
The weather was hot, as the group skirted the northern edge of the Great Tellusian Forest, though the trees provided some cool relief. However in places the road they followed was clear of trees, sometimes a farm appeared, also acting as an inn for weary travelers, or those seeking food to buy. But this meant large swathes cleared for fields. So the group had to trudge along uncomfortably under the sun’s glare. Selmon seemed to particularly suffer when directly under the sun. He kept his skin covered with cloth at first. Then resorted to just covering himself in mud, gaining some curious glances from those they met coming the other way.
‘It’s a good disguise, and I’m meant to live in the water after all,’ he explained to the group. ‘The mud at least helps keeps my skin moist, and it helps keep me cool. You should try it.’ The others didn’t try it, though some were tempted if it meant being a little cooler.
It was along one such stretch, with farmland to one side of the road and the forest to the other, that the group decided to take a break for lunch. Making for the nearby trees to find some shade they unloaded their backpacks with groans of relief. Following a satisfying meal of bread and honey that they had bought at the last farm passed, and a handful of their own dried fruit washed down with some cool water, the group settled to snooze away the hottest part of the day.
Apprentice Brown was awoken by a sound; a branch snapping. He sat up and looked around. Seeing nothing he scrambled to his feet and peered around the tree he had been resting against, into the forest. At first nothing, then some movement in the gloom. Squinting to gain better focus he noticed a large, black bear. He knew wild animals were not to be feared as long as you were respectful and didn’t startle them or appear a threat to their young.
But this particular bear he was watching just stopped and looked directly at him. He froze. Its cold stare sent a shiver down his spine. There was something rather unnatural about its behaviour. Then it charged.
Apprentice Brown squealed and those in his group awoke. Dazed from their slumber they quickly realised all wasn’t well and jumped to their feet. Apprentice Brown pointed to the trees. They all saw the charging bear that would be upon them within seconds.
‘To me,’ they heard the Sorcerer command them. Everyone gathered round their Master.
‘Protect,’ he said, whilst raising his hand. The bear charged straight at them with a lunge, but hit some invisible wall surrounding the group that glowed briefly as the bear glanced off it and flew away to the side, tumbling onto its back. Apprentice Brown was reminded of the same barrier Apprentice Green had used to defend against a dragon. The spell must be the same. The dragon had been able to break the spell easily, but this was only a bear, and it was their Master performing the magic this time. Apprentice Brown was comforted that they would be safe.
The bear picked itself up and roared, showing a pair of pointed teeth. It stared at the group again, with the same eerie look as before, like it was assessing its next plan of attack.
Just then a snarl was heard behind them. Apprentice Brown, who had been pushed to the back by the others for his safety spun round to see a pair of wolves approaching, bent low and ready to pounce.
‘Wolves!’ he squeaked. And one wolf jumped his way, hitting the magical barrier just as the bear had. It bounced off and crashed to the ground with a high-pitched yelp.
The group backed up against the large tree that only minutes ago they had been peacefully resting under; the bear in one direction and the pair of wolves in the other. It was like the animals were working as a team.
‘What’s going on?’ Selmon muttered. Everyone knew this wasn’t normal behaviour.
‘We’re protected, for now,’ the Sorcerer reassured everyone. ‘But I suggest we make our way back to the farm we passed. Everyone stay close together.’
The group commenced to walk slowly but steadily towards the road. The bear and wolves kept their eyes on them, not attempting to attack again, but following them along. It was unnerving for all.
Following the road back, they hadn’t gone far when Tabitha spotted movement from the trees. Everyone looked over to see yet another bear come striding over, with the same cold look from its glassy eyes. It joined the other bear and the wolves and followed the group. The new bear was soon followed by a large wildcat, displaying the exact same unnatural behaviour.
‘If they keep coming I’m not sure how many more the barrier can protect against,’ the Sorcerer explained to Tabitha. ‘And it’s as if they know this as well. We may have no choice but to fight with our magic.’
‘I’m ready,’ Tabitha replied with a confident nod.
The Sorcerer then turned to Apprentice Grey. ‘I’m sorry to have to ask this, but are you mentally prepared to turn into fire if needed? The animals will be scared of the fire.’
Apprentice Grey looked unsure. Selmon took her hand and she smiled at him and then nodded at their Master. The Sorcerer then turned to Apprentice Brown.
‘We will stop and prepare to summon the cold. I will be here to support you.’
The animals surrounding them seemed to stir, as if realising the group now plotted a new course of action. One of the bears headbutted forward, testing the protective shield. Another did the same, and the wolves sprang and jumped back off the barriers edge.
The Sorcerer stopped. ‘Try not to get distracted by them.’ He looked into Apprentice Brown’s eyes. ‘Let us focus. Breath in….’
Apprentice Brown did as instructed, breathing in slowly. But a grunting squeal from the trees caused him to breath out quickly. Behind the Sorcerer he could see a huge boar charging their way, making a terrible racket.
‘Clear them from your mind, Apprentice Brown,’ his Master said calmly. Focus on my voice, and it alone.’
But fear was already taking hold of the poor boy. And then he heard another voice.
‘Summon our power,’ it hissed. The voices of the dragons, the beings that had haunted his mind in the past. He had worked so hard to gain mastery over them, but they had returned. He gave a cry and sank forward in tears. He felt an embrace from behind and knew it was Apprentice Grey.
‘Don’t be afraid little one,’ she whispered to him with a soft and supportive voice. ‘We’re all here. But if you don’t feel up to it then that’s fine.’
‘The dragons,’ he managed to sob and gave a sniff, lifting his head to look up at his Master apologetically, ashamed of his weakness.
‘I’m the one who is sorry,’ the Sorcerer said, placing his hand on Apprentice Brown’s shoulder. ‘I’m putting too much pressure on you. We can manage.’ 
The Sorcerer’s face became stern and he nodded to Tabitha and Apprentice Grey. ‘Are you ready?’ In turn their faces hardened and nodded back with confidence.
They had ignored the charging boar who threw himself at the barrier as the Sorcerer, Tabitha and Apprentice Grey stood to begin their own counter-attack. The other animals timed an attack to match the boar’s impact. The barrier gave a flicker. Its power was failing.
At that moment an almighty roar rose from the trees, followed by a colossal brown bear with shaggy fur which came crashing from the trees baring its teeth. It was at least three times larger than the bears that already surrounded them. Apprentice Grey backed away from the group, focusing and breathing slowly to gain mastery of her magic. Steam rose from her body, ready to burst into flames the moment their shield faded to nothing.
But then the unexpected happened. Instead of launching at the group the giant bear charged head-first straight into one of the other bears, sending it tumbling away in the dry dust along the path for quite some distance. The other animals turned their attention to this new intruder, baring their teeth. The giant bear prepared for their attack.
‘Stop!’ came a shrill call from the trees.
Every person and animal paused, as if frozen in time. Then they all turned to the voice. A small girl emerged from the trees and casually walked over to the transfixed group. She was young, younger than Apprentice Grey but older than Apprentice Brown. Her hair was blonde and cascaded to her shoulders, and her blue eyes twinkled at them all from an expressionless face.
She strode up to the closest animal, a wolf, without any fear. Slowly, but with confidence, she reached out her hand and laid it upon the wolf’s nose. Then she brought her head forward, touching her forehead to that of the wolf. Pulling back slightly, the girl opened her eyes and stared into the wolf’s green eyes. She then released her gaze.
‘Go in peace,’ she whispered, and to the surprise of all the wolf calmly trotted off back towards the forest.
One by one the girl did this to each of the attacking animals, as the group watched on speechless by this tiny person’s actions. Eventually there was only the little girl and the giant bear left. The bear was still agitated by the violence, but the girl went over to it. It lowered its large head and the girl sunk her own head into its fur and wrapped her small arms around its thick neck as far as they could go.
The bear noticeably calmed, and the girl let her embrace go. The bear sat and then lay down, at peace. The girl turned and surveyed the group she had helped.
‘My name is Yulia,’ she said with a smile. ‘And this is Sigmund.’ She motioned to the bear behind her. ‘He’s my brother.’
The group remained silent, absorbing the girl’s news that the great beast behind her was indeed her brother. The Sorcerer eventually spoke up.
‘Thank you for your help. The situation was about to get just a little tricky for us back then. I’ve never seen animals behave in that way, attacking together.’
Yulia nodded. ‘They were bewitched, though it was a rather amateur spell. I could feel someone had stirred anger and fear within them.’ 
‘First the Professor’s dragon, then the rock beast, and now this.’ Apprentice Grey noted.
The Sorcerer nodded as what she was suggesting. They all seemed linked. He noticed the frown on Yulia’s face. She didn’t know what Apprentice Grey meant.
‘We’ve been having a few troubles recently,’ he mentioned to Yulia. ‘This seems to be another. But please, tell me how you were able to do what you just did.’
‘I have an ability to sense what animals feel, and communicate with them,’ Yulia replied. ‘I calmed their hearts and minds just now. BeastWhisperer is what people call me.’
The Sorcerer nodded. ‘Part of the Art of Air,’ he said, mostly as a lesson to his gathered Apprentices who knew his Chart of Arts, though Yulia knew not of it.
‘And your brother?’ the Sorcerer said nodding behind Yulia to the bear. She offered up some explanation.
‘He has the ability to change his form to that of an animal. BeastMaster is what my people call him.’
She looked at the Sorcerer, awaiting his comment, as he had on her own ability.
‘The Art of Change,’ the Sorcerer said. He glanced back at Apprentice Grey. She knew her ability was linked to this Art. 
The Sorcerer turned back at Yulia.
‘You and your brother both have different abilities, but they seem to be linked by your love of animals, I’m guessing.’
Yulia nodded at his foresight. The Sorcerer gave a small smile and continued.
‘And let me also guess that he changed his form and can no longer change back?’
Again, Yulia nodded. ‘Yes, one day he turned into the bear you see before us, defending our village from a pack of hungry wolves just this past winter, and has since been unable to change back. He is growing wilder and wilder by the day. I fear I will lose him, but my ability helps keep bringing him back. We are on our way to visit a Sorcerer, famed across Tellus, in the hope that he can help return Sigmund to normal.’
The Sorcerer said nothing, not wanting to take credit at being the famous Sorcerer Yulia referred to. He never thought of himself in that way. It was Apprentice Grey who spoke out instead.
‘You’ve found him. Our Master here is the man you seek.’
Yulia’s mouth opened in total surprise, and then she smiled. It seemed so obvious to her now, with how insightful he had been over their abilities.
‘It is really you?’ she said with some relief in her voice; relief that the journey of her and her brother was coming to an end. ‘Are you the Sorcerer who people travel from all across Tellus for, to become Apprentice to?’ She stepped forward but dared not come too close, suddenly in awe of his majesty.
‘I am the one,’ the Sorcerer confirmed.
‘Then please, can you help Sigmund?’ She leapt forward now and boldly took one of the Sorcerer’s hand to plead for his assistance.
‘I’ll see what I can do,’ he said. ‘But don’t raise your hopes too high.’

#

Twilight was falling and the group gathered in a circle, their faces lit up orange from the glow of their campfire. Yulia stood beside her brother Sigmund. He still remained in the form of a great bear, with Yulia’s hand on his shoulder to keep him comforted.
'Breath in…' said the Sorcerer. Everyone did as instructed.
'Breathe out…' came the following command.
‘Will he not need to cover up?’ Apprentice Grey said with a whisper to Apprentice Brown, thinking there would soon be a naked boy in front of them all, as she had been when saved from the Sorcerer’s well.
Yulia overheard and opened her eyes. ‘He’s learned to change his clothes when changing form. In the early days he used to tear through quite a bit of clothing, much to Mamma’s dismay.’ She smiled at the fond memory.
‘Let’s start again,’ said the Sorcerer looking to Apprentice Grey for silence. She lowered her head apologetically for having interrupted.
'Breath in…Breathe out….'
Then for the benefit of Sigmund, assisted by Yulia, he said, 'Relax, and feel at peace with your ability. You control it, not the other way around. Think about the boy you are. The bear is merely an outer disguise.'
Remarkably the Sorcerer's words had immediate effect. Everyone on-looking had been told to keep meditating to help with the process, but it was difficult to contain yourself when there was a huge bear in the circle that was now shrinking in size before your eyes. Gradually the hair started to give way to skin and clothing, and before long there was the form of a man sitting amongst them with his eyes closed. Everyone had expected a young boy, but he was older, more the same age as Apprentice Grey and Selmon.
'Open your eyes,' said the Sorcerer in a calm tone of voice.
Sigmund and Yulia both did as instructed. Then a cry of joy and a hug, Yulia at last able to reach her arms fully around her brother’s neck.
'That's amazing!' said Yulia to the Sorcerer with uncontained joy as she let go of her brother.
'The ease of the act was all your doing,’ said the Sorcerer. ‘You kept him tethered to his human mind. Without you he may have been lost for good.'
Sigmund stepped forward. He had a slim frame, not like the muscular bear he had been at all.
'Thank you,' he said with earnest, holding out his own hands and staring at them with disbelief.
'Learning to keep your magic under control is the key to retaining your humanity,’ the Sorcerer explained.’ I would refrain from changing form again for a while. It is a long road to walk, but I can help you, if you wish.'
'You mean…?' said Sigmund, with wide-eyed disbelief.
'From here on you will be known as Apprentice Beast,' the Sorcerer said, making his offer official. He then turned to Yulia. 'And you, Apprentice Whisper, if you'll accept?'
Apprentice Brown leaned towards Apprentice Grey. ‘Their names aren’t colours this time,’ he said quietly into her ear.
Apprentice Grey looked back and gave a shrug, and then grinned as a thought dawned on her.
‘No more fruit picking for me,’ she said.
Misadventure Ten – Rescue
The Arbrian are a race of people that little is known of. Their skin is akin to a tree’s bark and they use this for camouflage in order to hide. Whether their origins are people who developed skin like a tree, or trees that began to think and move, no-one is sure. They don’t appear to be great in number, but seem to be nomadic, never settling in one location. Rumours of sightings exist across the whole of Tellus. 
excerpt from Tellus Undiscovered

Over the course of their journey the trees remained close, as if looming over the group to keep watch. However the types of tree that grew started to change. A greater number of conifers appeared dotted between the deciduous woodland, adding a pleasant menthol aroma to the air and scattering an orange-brown patchwork of needles across their path, which seemed to make the forest all the more quiet. The only sound that remained constant was the endless flow of the river their path snaked beside. And over the days the river gradually grew rougher, with large boulders dotted in its flow, churning the water white and wild. Another constant was the heat. They were well into late summer, and even under the trees the heat proved a major discomfort, as well as the air being humid. But they had new friends in Apprentices Whisper and Beast, and foul weather would have dampened their mood much more, so overall the group was in good spirits.
In some places their path led right next to the river, cutting through gorges of rock with the spray of the rapids carrying over to them. It was one such time when a burst of sunlight came out and a rainbow was cast in the very water itself. The group stopped to admire.
‘There’s magic about,’ Apprentice Brown said, whispering softly, almost to himself. He was remembering something he had read from a book in the Sorcerer’s library. It had described magic and rainbows going hand in hand.
His Master chuckled. ‘Maybe that’s us,’ he said.
‘And look, a white squirrel!’ said Apprentice Brown with a grin spreading across his face as he pointed to a nearby tree. Their day seemed to be getting better and better in his eyes. First a rainbow, and now a white squirrel. He looked up at Apprentice Grey as she spotted the creature and she give an unexpected shiver.
‘Aren’t they considered lucky by you land-folk?’ Selmon said.
Apprentice Grey was about to say something when their conversation was cut short. A faint cry of distress was suddenly heard above the crashing of the water. It came from further upstream. After a second of glancing at each other Selmon was the first to spring off to see what the trouble was, with the others following quickly behind. 
Rounding a tight bend, the path narrowed between a rocky cliff-face on their right and the river on their left. Selmon pressed himself up against the cliff-face to avoid falling into the water before he disappeared out of sight round the outcrop. Everyone else did the same. 
Around the corner the cliff dropped away and the river banks opened out again to the forest. But it was to the middle of the river that everyone stared. There, hugging a boulder and half submerged in the water was a child, probably not much older than Apprentice Brown. The poor child was soaked, with straggling hair covering half their face.
Selmon stopped only for a moment to assess the danger faced before sprinting down the path, throwing off his shirt, and then with a leaping dive he crashed into the water and was gone. In mere seconds he had surfaced again right behind the child. His strength of swimming, against even these wild waters, impressed the onlooking group.
Selmon spoke, the others couldn’t hear, but the child turned to see Selmon for the first time and let go of the boulder in fright. Selmon made a quick grab and deftly lifted the child onto his back before turning and speeding to shore with slow but powerful kicks of his webbed feet, keeping one arm behind him holding the child and the other ahead under the water to expertly steer a safe course.
Upon reaching the river bank the child tried to make a run for it, but Selmon wouldn’t let go. They could see the child was completely unclothed.
‘Stay calm,’ the others heard Selmon say as they approached. ‘We’re not here to hurt you. After all, I did just save your life.’
Selmon’s words reasoned through to the child and she stopped struggling and sat; for it was a little girl, everyone could tell that now they were up close. But it was no ordinary girl. All could see her skin held a texture like that of a tree, similar to the smooth and pale wood of a pine.
‘What’s your name?’ Selmon asked with a gentle tone of voice.
‘Poppy,’ said the girl quietly in response, not looking at anyone directly.
‘What are you doing way out here on your own, Poppy?’ Selmon said.
She looked nervously up at Selmon and then glanced around, across the riverside and to the trees. Everyone else did the same. She clearly wasn’t alone, but whoever accompanied her was nowhere to be seen.
‘I was crossing the river,’ she said.
The Sorcerer turned to the trees. ‘Please, reveal yourselves. We mean you no harm. We have just saved your child.’
There was silence.
‘Are they waiting for you?’ Selmon asked.
The little girl nodded.
‘Then go,’ he said. ‘Your kind choose to remain hidden, even when faced with strangers holding their daughter. I understand that kind of distrust.’
The girl stood and took a few cautious steps, gradually reaching the edge of the trees, then slowed to a stop. 
‘Thank you,’ she said in a tiny voice and then seemed to melt into the forest before their eyes.

#

The rest of their journey unfolded with little more drama. They trudged along hot and tired, even under the canopy of trees. But then they noticed the trees suddenly part, and a refreshing breeze stirred the air. All members of the party raised their faces to bathe in the coolness and beheld a vast lake before them. It stretched as far as they could see, with mountains rising behind at its farthest shores. And to one side, along the path they travelled, as the sun’s light failed the twinkling of lights from Lake Tellus City, the bustling settlement beside Lake Tellus, were being set alight.
Small waves frothed across the shingle beach, with the gentle rattling of stones. The closer they travelled around the lake’s shores the darker the night drew in and the more lantern lights were lit, until the town in the distance twinkled and shimmered, casting an orange glow across the water as if there appeared a city in the water itself. A moon slowly rose over the lake to match the lights, with its silvery shimmer giving the appearance of a war between hot and cold dancing across the surface of the lake.
Selmon glanced often across the water, his home, resisting the urge within him to wade out and plunge into the cool depths to return to his own kind. Respect for his friends, so that they all saw this through to the very end together, held him back.
They finally reached the city’s outer buildings. There was no wall encircling the settlement, such was the peace that the Lord of the Citadel held over this region. So the weary travelers gratefully entered and sought an Inn to rest their weary limbs. 
Their arrival didn’t go unnoticed. Whilst visitors were frequent, often those trading goods or passing through to places beyond, their small band of mixed-aged travelers who had arrived at night was somewhat less than normal and anyone they met gave at least a pause to regard the new arrivals. But the group kept to themselves and caught sight of what they sought. Lake View Rest was an inn by the water’s edge that proved to be the kind of place they were after, being reasonably quiet rather than full of those making merry over drinks for the evening.
‘Could we trouble you to find us rooms for the night, good Sir?’ the Sorcerer said, politely addressing the man behind the bar.
The man wore a smile, as his eyes wandered across the crowd before him, assessing how many he needed to accommodate. The smile fell from his face as he cast his gaze upon Selmon, shrouded under a hood. The man nodded Selmon’s way.
‘What be up with this one?’ he asked with suspicion. ‘He wouldn’t be suffering the Rot now, would he?’
The man was referring to the Catabolae Mange, a sinister skin disease. It was quiet enough in the place for the other patrons to stop their current discussions and all look their way.
‘He’s merely a private young man,’ the Sorcerer said. But still the man eyed Selmon with suspicion.
‘He wouldn’t be in any fit state to travel if suffering from such a condition,’ the Sorcerer said, for added reassurance. The man still didn’t look convinced even though it was true. Those with Catabolae Mange soon found themselves barely able to move for fear of a limb simply falling away from their brittle body. For eventually that is what would happen with such a destructive disease.
The Sorcerer turned to his group. ‘Selmon, kindly remove your hood,’ he said.
Selmon did as asked, and revealed a face like that of a person. The Sorcerer had often used the Art of Mirage whilst Selmon walked around their home town, and was doing so here. Selmon returned his hood and the Sorcerer turned back to the bar. The man gave a nod and a smile once again.
‘Right this way kind sir,’ he said, raising his arm to lead them to their rooms.
Misadventure Eleven – Party for a Hero
The main manifestation of The Art of Elements, when it comes to water, is the ability to bend it to ones will. This could be a simple parlour trick such as floating water from a cup, to more impressive feats such as diverting a watercourse’s channel or raising a wave fifty foot tall.
Extract from Tellusian Majicks, Past and Present

The next day was the day of Selmon’s departure. The group sat outside overlooking the lake and ate breakfast in silence, as if not talking about it meant not having to face the truth. But there was little point in delaying any longer. Selmon, still wearing his hood, rose to his feet. They all looked up at him knowing the time had come, and gathered to say their good-byes.
‘I’ll head round the lake, so no-one sees me enter the water,’ he told them. ‘I can’t thank you enough. You have proved that my people are wrong to mistrust all land-dwellers. Maybe one day soon we’ll choose to reveal ourselves, and we can meet up again.’
He went to them each in turn to say his thanks. Apprentice Brown was stood next to Apprentice Whisper, and noticed a change in her expression. Her head moved as if she had heard something, and she appeared somewhat puzzled and then afraid. She edged away from the group in a trance to stare out over the water.
‘What is it Yulia?’ said Apprentice Beast, who had also noticed the change in his sister.  
‘I can sense something,’ she said in reply.
Everyone else had turned to her now, and they looked out over the lake expecting to see whatever was causing Apprentice Whisper’s distress.
Seconds later a great crash echoed across the lake. The group looked at each other, and people from the town also came running to the water’s edge wondering what the noise was. Very soon a large crowd was buzzing round just to spectate.
Then a raised voice could be heard. ‘Get away from the water,’ it cried.
But little heed was taken of the strange warning, as at that moment they all stood amazed as the water’s edge began to retreat away from them as if the lake was draining away, leaving moored boats beached on the shingle shore and leaving the odd fish flapping in desperation at being suddenly left behind. But looking up they noticed the draining water was actually rising into a huge wall of water heading their way about to engulf them. People’s previous puzzlement gave way to panic and then screams as most started to run away. But some just stood and stared in their helplessness, as the water would reach them within seconds whether they raced away or not.
Apprentice Brown felt a flutter of his heart as fear gripped hold. But he then reacted instinctively. Facing the wall of water, he lifted his right hand high over his head and gave a shout.
'Smetay!'
A bright, blue counter-wave of magic, to match the oncoming wave of water, burst from Apprentice Brown’s hand and fanned out in front of him. As it hit the towering wall of water loud crunches and cracking tore the air apart as the water froze in an instant to leave a huge, curved arc of ice with teeth-like icicles facing the lake’s shore. And the ice spread well across the lake to anchor the huge ice-wave in place. It reminded the young Apprentice of the day when a flood had faced his town, but this one was much bigger.
The people onlooking were amazed. Those fleeing stopped and instantly their screams turned to cheers as they rejoiced at being saved. Excitement buzzed through the air as they realised the latest visiting group held magic in their midst.
But for Apprentice Brown the ordeal was too much. He had summoned the power of dragons. It was a great burden on his small body and his legs gave way in a faint. He was caught by Selmon just before he hit the rocky ground and everything went blank.

#

A commotion of excited voices caused Apprentice Brown to open his eyes. His vision blurred before him. Also, his head pounded and his mouth felt dry. The sounds and smells of his surroundings seemed unfamiliar to him. Therefore he knew he wasn’t in his own bed. He was in quite a large room with other beds. Taking a moment, he searched his thoughts, to recall what his last memory was. His head was a fog. He realised something wasn’t right. His dreams had been plagued by the hissing of the dragon’s. And that helped him remember; he had summoned their magic. It had been instant and instinctive. They hadn’t taken control. He had been the one in control. And using their power he had saved his friends, and the town beside Lake Tellus. He now knew where he was.
Squinting his eyes to focus, he moved his stiff neck to look over to where the raised voices came from. He could recognise his friends. All were stood in a group near the door to the bedroom. Apprentice Grey was telling them something. Then her eye caught his.
‘Hey Brownie, the whole town has been waiting for you to awaken, lazy bones,’ she said. ‘They want to celebrate their new hero.’
Apprentice Brown gave a weak smile. He was still exhausted. Apprentice Grey approached, along with the others, and gazed down at him.
‘And all you want to go is go home, isn’t it?’ she said.
He looked at her and nodded. She knew him only too well.
‘Look, just get some more rest for now,’ she said.
He lowered his head back to the pillow and instantly fell asleep. 

#

That evening a party was held in Apprentice Brown’s honour. He only made a brief appearance, as he still felt weak. The mix of music and singing, and the energetic movement of dancers, the flicker of firelight and the range of smells from food and incense proved too much of a sensory overload. And everyone there wanted to chat to him, to thank him and to shake his hand, which only made him all the more tired. 
At one point he managed to get some time alone to sit with his friends.
‘What caused the giant wave?’ he asked.
‘It was a landslide,’ said Apprentice Grey. ‘It created a huge wave, known as a tsunami.’
‘Was it because of magic?’ he asked. He said this whilst turning to Apprentice Whisper for an answer. ‘You noticed it before the rest of us.’
She hesitated in thought, then said ‘I sensed it from the reaction of the animals. They seem to have a sixth sense about these sort of things.’
He gave a nod. He had noticed this before when he had visited the Forbidden Realm. The animals seem to sense a volcano was about to erupt.
‘I wish I’d been able to say goodbye to Selmon properly,’ he said.
Looking to Apprentice Grey he noticed she cast her eyes away, suddenly appearing withdrawn, and only nodded at his words. ‘He had to help his people,’ she eventually said. ‘The landslide has caused them trouble.’ 
‘Do you think we’ll see him again?’ he asked.
She gave a small shrug. She seemed down.
‘I think I’ll head back to the Inn,’ Apprentice Brown said.
‘I’ll come with you,’ Apprentice Grey said, but he shook his head.
‘You look like you could do with being cheered up,’ he said. ‘Have a dance.’
At this Apprentice Beast offered his hand out to Grey. It caused her to raise a smile. She accepted his hand and off they twirled into the dancing crowd.
Apprentice Brown got up and slowly paced back to Lake View Rest. On the way an old woman approached. She had a thin and angular face, upon which rested a friendly smile. She seemed somewhat familiar to Apprentice Brown. He decided he must have seen her at the party earlier.
‘What an amazing young man you are,’ she said, addressing him. ‘I saw what you did. Your power was wonderous, and for such a small boy.’
Apprentice Brown wasn’t sure what to say at first, so he just shrugged. ‘My Master is the greatest Sorcerer in Tellus,’ he said, trying to deflect any praise.
‘So I’ve heard,’ she said. ‘Here, take this.’ She lifted her hand. It was a necklace with a jet black pendant. ‘It’s a little token of my appreciation for saving our lives. My grandmother gave it to me.’
‘Then I couldn’t possibly take it,’ he said.
‘I have no children of my own to give it to,’ she said in reply. ‘Therefore I’d rather it went to someone I thought deserved it. So, I want you to have it. My grandmother always used to tell me that magic could be locked away within pendants. I always think mine held good luck magic. Please, accept it from this old lady.’
Apprentice Brown could hardly refuse such a request.
‘Thank you,’ he said with a shy smile and reached forward to take it from her. She smiled fondly back.
‘Well, I’d better be going now. I’m getting too old for staying up so late, just like you’re too young. Goodnight dear child. Get some well-deserved rest.’
And with that she slowly hobbled away.
Apprentice Brown gazed at the pendant he had been given. He noticed it sparkled somewhat, like looking into the night sky. He already had his grandfather’s lucky pendant. With this he would be extra lucky. He did wonder if the two held any magic. He’d never gotten the chance to ask his grandpa about his pendant.
With a rejuvenated skip in his step he made for his room, with visions of becoming a Sorcerer in no time dancing through his head.
The next day Apprentice Brown awoke late. Everyone else had already packed. They were now waiting patiently to head off. He felt much stronger and felt ready for the journey home. So after a hearty mid-morning breakfast he gathered his belongings. Everyone left him to it, but Apprentice Grey stayed behind to keep him company.
She was quiet, and at first she just watched him stuff everything he owned into his backpack. He expected her to tell him to fold everything up. But when she didn’t it forced him to stop and look up at her. He could tell something was amiss. Before he could ask she spoke out.
‘I’m not coming back with you,’ she said, blurting it out quickly and not looking at him directly. Her voice cracked. ‘I’m staying here with Selmon.’
He didn’t know what to say. He knew she had been getting close to Selmon. A flash of jealously speared his heart. He now knew how Oxana felt about his friendship with Grey. But still he asked, ‘Why?’
Tears began to fill his eyes. The same happened to Grey.
‘It’s just something I have to do,’ she said, with a small shake of her head. ‘I ended up with our Master for a reason. And now I’ve ended up here for possibly the same reason. So there’s something I need to see through.’
Taking a fold of her grey cloak she raised it to gently wipe his wet cheek. Then she did the same to dry her own tears. Clearing her throat, she then looked him right in the eyes. ‘I swear I’ll return and explain it all one day. I promise I will. And besides, I’ve got to, for Apprentice Red’s sake. I can’t leave him forever as a statue in the Sorcerer’s garden.’
Apprentice Brown didn’t say anything. They hugged and cried some more.

Misadventure Twelve – Return to Oakbury
The Vampire Weasel of the Great Tellusian Forest is a small but skilled hunter. It feeds primarily on the blood of its victims, which can be up to several times its own size. Then it simply leaves the rest to scavengers. But being a clever animal, it often stays close to the remains of previous victims, and the scavengers often provide its next meal.
excerpt from Nocturnal Beasts of Tellus

The return journey back home began with a hero’s send off from Lake Tellus City. Most of the settlement seemed to have gathered for the farewell, with everyone crammed along the road beside Lake Tellus leaving only a little space for the Sorcerer and his Apprentices to venture along. And a good deal of folk accompanied them for a while along the road, asking endless questions about the magical arts, and discovering that the Sorcerer had chosen two very recent Apprentices. Those hearing this appeared downhearted. Perhaps they entertained the possibility that they may have had a chance of being chosen. Eventually however all those tagging along said their goodbyes and turned back to return home before sunset, and so the group’s numbers dwindled back to just the Sorcerer and his Apprentices, as well as one other person; a young travelling saleswoman who was heading down the road also.
Apprentice Brown had remained mostly silent throughout the day. He smiled when accepting the thanks of those that followed them, but he had of course been stewing over the departure of Apprentice Grey. He longed with all his heart that he could help her with whatever urgency she felt she needed to accomplish. But he knew it would have been pointless to try and press her to reveal what was troubling her, and they had parted with little words, but each with the certainty they would see one another again.
The day passed uneventfully. The sun was shining, but thankfully they were journeying under the cover of the cool forest. As the sun began to drop in the sky their thoughts turned to making a camp for the night. Having made the journey this way recently the travelers knew a clearing was approaching, where they had camped the night before reaching Lake Tellus. Sure enough, just ten minutes more of walking and they spotted the thinning trees up ahead.
‘Watch out for the fox,’ came the voice of Apprentice Beast, who was leading the group and had just stumbled over something in the middle of their path. As everyone past by they looked down upon the body of an unfortunate dead fox, lying there with its cold eyes staring into nothing. Apprentice Brown was the last to pass by. He stopped momentarily, gazed at the poor creature and gave a shiver, before continuing to the clearing to help set up camp.

#

With full bellies the group dispersed around a campfire, their shadows dancing behind them into the darkness of the forest. Apprentice Brown was sat on a log nearest the warmth of the fire. Staring into its flames he still thought of Grey. He gave a wide yawn and considered making his way to bed. He looked around. His Master sat with Beast and Whisper at the edge of the clearing, meditating. Tabitha has already turned in and was asleep. Their new traveling companion sat on a log to Apprentice Brown’s side. Apprentice Brown now looked at what she was up to and gave a frown of intrigue. On her face she wore a rather peculiar pair of glasses. And in one hand she held something that glinted in the firelight as she turned it over now and then, poking the object with some instrument in her other hand.
As if sensing she was being watched she looked up. Through her strange pair of glasses her eyes appeared huge, like those of an owl searching for victims in the dark. She gave a smile and lifted the glasses onto the top of her head.
‘You want to see?’ she said, holding up the object she had just been tinkering with.
His curiosity peaked, Apprentice Brown slipped from his log and shuffled around the fire before plonking himself onto the log next to the woman.
‘I’m Willa,’ the woman said with a smile. ‘I’m a toymaker. I travel across Tellus making and selling my own work. I don’t think we’ve had the chance to speak so far.’
‘Apprentice Brown,’ said the young Apprentice.
Willa lifted the object in her hand again. Apprentice Brown could see it was a small toy bird, made of metal. Part of it was open at a flap, exposing the innards that held an array of cogs fitting neatly together.
‘Some of them are tiny,’ said Apprentice Brown, muttering to himself mostly as he leaned in closer and squinted his eyes to see some of the miniscule parts.
‘That’s why I need these,’ said Willa.
Apprentice Brown looked back up and Willa was holding her glasses.
‘They have more than one set of lenses, Willa explained. ‘Each pair in front of the other, with the ability to lift them out of place allowing for varying degrees of magnification. I made them myself.’ She said this with some pride. ‘They help me make the tiniest parts of my toys.’ She then held up the instrument she had been using. A long and slender piece of metal that was held pincered between her thumb and forefinger. ‘I use this to help put everything together.’
She then laid everything aside and reached into the bag in front of her.
‘Here’s another toy I’ve made.’
In her hand was a toy dragon. She turned a device on the dragon’s back, winding it round and round, to which little clicking noises came from inside the toy. Then letting go of the winding device the dragon began to flap its wings and move its legs. Apprentice Brown smiled in delight. Willa handed the dragon over to him. 
Carefully taking it, Apprentice Brown examined the dragon. It was made of metal, but each part seemed so delicate he was afraid of breaking it. He couldn’t help but think of the Professor, and her own dragon.
‘I’ve got a friend who also makes metal dragons,’ he said to Willa. ‘But not toy ones. Big ones that you can climb inside, and they move around. I bet she’d be very interested in seeing your dragon.’
‘And I’d be very interested to see her creations,’ said Willa in reply. She held a smile of genuine curiosity upon her face at the thought of the dragon. But the smile was short lived. From across the clearing came a shout. Apprentice Brown and Willa turned their gaze to see Beast had jumped up and was spinning slowly around. Some animal clung to the top of his back. Tabitha awoke to the commotion.
Eventually Beast managed to reach his arm round and grab his assailant. Giving a tug Beast pulled the creature away and threw it into the shadow of the trees. Everyone paused, waiting to see if it would pounce back into the clearing. But there was nothing.
Whisper ran up to her brother, who held a hand up to his neck where the creature had bitten.
‘A vampire weasel,’ Apprentice Brown heard Willa mutter.
Beast, supported by his sister, edged towards the fire. He took his hand away from his neck and held it up to see the blood. He then stumbled and sunk to his knees, with one hand going down to the ground to steady himself. He was then sick in front of them all. Whisper rubbed his back.
‘It’s okay, it’s gone now,’ she said. ‘Let’s get you some water.’
Apprentice Brown rose to his feet to be of some help. But he didn’t end up taking any further action. Instead his gaze was locked upon Beast. Before him the Apprentice was changing. Dark hair sprouted all over his torso as his clothes melted away. His body also elongated, until before them all there hissed a man-sized vampire-weasel.
It snapped its neck up and stared down Apprentice Brown and Willa fiercely, with its mean and bloodshot eyes glinting in the firelight. Two huge pointed teeth stuck from the top of its mouth like daggers.
Willa hadn’t seen this from Beast before. She gave a breathless shriek. ‘What’s happened to him?’ she managed to say to Apprentice Brown.
Apprentice Brown seemed calmer, but still cautious as to what the animal would do. ‘He’s changed. It’s his gift.’
‘Gift?!’ said Willa. ‘My toys are gifts. This is something quite different.’ 
‘Sigmund,’ came the voice of Whisper from behind her brother. The vampire weasel spun deftly around and seemed to hesitate in its fury, some part of its wild brain recognising Whisper warmly.
It then leapt clear over Whisper making its way to escape into the darkness of the trees. But the Sorcerer stepped into its path and raised his hand. The beast froze before the old man. Was it their Master’s magic or sheer willpower?
‘Call back your brother,’ the Sorcerer commanded of Whisper.
Whisper stepped over then carefully reached out and laid her hand on her brother’s back. She closed her eyes and searched for his human mind in the tangle of wild thoughts that tried to win over the body they possessed.
‘Return to me,’ she said softly, after having seemed to have found what she sought.
The others watched on as the large animal before them twitched and shook as it fought an internal battle to regain who it was. And then it sank to the floor, exhausted.
Whisper crouched over him and laid her head against his. Then she rose. ‘He’s at peace,’ she said.
‘Is he going to stay like that?’ Willa asked. She was shaken the most by what she had witnessed. ‘You’re all remarkably calm,’ she added, with a faint laugh, as if this was an ordinary event. Apprentice Brown gave a shrug, as if to say he’d seen worse. It left the toymaker speechless at the company she’d decided to keep.
For another hour the group sat round their campfire, saying little but keeping an eye on the giant vampire weasel, its only movement being the rise and fall of its chest as it gently took breath. And then its head lifted. And it looked them all over. Everyone watched and waited, but it didn’t move.
Whisper stood and slowly moved towards her brother, her head tilted aside trying to read his mood.
‘Are you okay, Sigmund?’ she said.
To their surprise the animal nodded.
‘It’s completely you, isn’t it?’ Whisper said.
Again, Sigmund nodded.
Their Master rose. ‘Come and warm yourself around the fire,’ he said, and beckoned Apprentice Beast over with a gesture of his hand.
The Apprentice did as instructed, and looked into the eyes of the Sorcerer.
‘Let us meditate,’ said the Sorcerer. ‘Breathe in…breath out…relax…’
The chanting went on for some time, but Beast’s form remained the same.
‘Let’s get some rest,’ the Sorcerer eventually said.
‘What about the little vampire weasel that attacked?’ said Willa, looking into the trees somewhat anxiously as if expecting an imminent attack.
Whisper stared out into the dark. ‘It’s nowhere nearby. It’s still a wild animal, and was probably more frightened by us than we were of it.’
‘I don’t know about that,’ Willa said. ‘I felt pretty scared.’ But she saw everyone else accepted Whispers words. So the group retired to bed to see what the morning would bring.
Misadventure Thirteen – Deja Vu
Some animals have a natural gift to use magic, others accidentally happen upon it. Animals are sensitive to the use in magic, with the most sensitive being dragons. Fear is the most common reaction, often resulting in defensive or offensive behaviour. If an animal acts out of character or in a particularly strange fashion then magic is most definitely at play.
extract from Tellus: A Natural History

The next day saw Beast still in the form of the giant Vampire Weasel, but his mind remained his own. So the group set off for home. And despite his misfortune Beast seemed upbeat, offering Apprentice Brown the occasional, playful ride. He made a point of disappearing out of site if travellers came from the opposite direction. In the evenings he would sit with their Master and his sister and meditate, but remain in his current form he did.
Apprentice Brown spoke often to Willa, and told her of dragons and magic and the Professor’s inventions. She listened in wonder.
‘What an extraordinary life you lead,’ she often said.
And so, the days of journeying went on like this without further event. This was until they reached the same place where they had encountered Apprentices Whisper and Beast.
Apprentice Brown strode beside his Master. They watched Beast in his current form weaving quickly between the trees. He seemed to have endless energy.
‘I’m sorry we’ve not had much time for your magic lessons recently,’ the Sorcerer said to his young Apprentice.
‘It’s okay,’ said Apprentice Brown. We’ve been very busy on this journey.’
His Master nodded. ‘Getting out and seeing the world can be just as rewarding a lesson. And you’ve shown great self-control in the face of danger, both with the wall of water at Lake Tellus and in the face of Beast’s transformation. You even summoned the magic of dragons again. It was instinctive. It was pure.’
The Sorcerer seemed pleased with him. He felt proud.
Just then Beast came their way. He playfully nudged at Apprentice Brown with his nose. Apprentice Brown knew this meant Beast was offering him a ride. So he clambered onto Beast’s back. Beast shot off, though he seemed to instinctively know how to move in order to keep his rider as still as possible, so as not to fall off.
Apprentice Brown tossed his head back and laughed as they darted through the trees, which gradually thinned out letting more sunlight through until they were in a more open area of mostly grass. Ahead they could see farmland stretching before them. Apprentice Brown knew this was the spot where their group had been attacked by wild animals, and Beast and Whisper had come to their aid. Beast slowed too. He seemed to remember also.
‘This is where we met,’ Apprentice Brown said.
Beast gave a nod of his head in agreement.
‘It will be a good place to have lunch,’ Apprentice Brown decided.
Beast stopped and Apprentice Brown dismounted by sliding down off the side of Beast’s back. Apprentice Brown gazed around.
‘It was somewhere around here last time,’ he said, searching with his eyes.
‘Over there,’ he said, and raised his arm to point. And then he got a shock. Stood exactly where he pointed at the trees was a bear. It was a black bear, and it was looking their way with its cold eyes.
‘It can’t possibly be the same one,’ Apprentice Brown said.
Then the bear charged, just as before.
Beast gave a hiss, showing his huge fangs, ready for the fight. Apprentice Brown was sure Beast could make short work of the bear, and suddenly felt sorry for the wild creature.
‘Please don’t kill it,’ he said.’ Let me try first.’
Beast regarded Apprentice Brown’s words and then closed his mouth in agreement.
The bear still raged towards them. Apprentice Brown stepped forward and held up his hand.
‘Protect,’ he said, echoing the same words his Master had done during their last bear encounter. A flash of light glowed around the two Apprentices, confirming the spell had worked. A magical barrier now enclosed them. And just like before the bear charged forward and glanced off the invisible shield. Picking itself up it snarled at them, showing its teeth. Beast did the same to show he wasn’t intimidated.
A snarl then came from behind. Apprentice Brown turned, only to be faced with two wolves heading towards them.
‘This is exactly the same as before,’ he said with a cry. ‘After this there was another bear, and then a wildcat, and then a boar. And it was just as our Master’s protection spell was about to fail that you arrived to save us.’
Apprentice Brown looked at Beast, ignoring the animals as they posed no threat for now. For some reason he had an eerie feeling that the other animals were sure to appear. And in that case, then the only outcome was for Beast to fight. They both stared into each other’s eyes. Apprentice Brown gave a nod. Even as he did so another bear emerged, charging towards them from the trees, exactly the same as last time.
‘We have no choice,’ Apprentice Brown said. ‘Do it.’
Beast gave a nod of his head and crouched, eyeing up the wild animals before them. To Apprentice Brown’s surprise his friend began to change. He grew bulkier and less elongated, until Apprentice Brown realised Beast was in the form of the huge brown bear he had appeared like when they had first met.
Beast charged forward. And just like before he hit a bear and send it flying.
‘Stop!’ came a cry. It was Apprentice Whisper, exactly like before, but this time she emerged from the trees with the Sorcerer, Tabitha and Willa.
The new arrivals rushed forward, except for Willa who hung back. She was beginning to feel that travelling with these new companions wasn’t the safest idea. They always seemed to fall from one peril to the next.
‘We’re being attacked again,’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘Exactly like before.’
Even as he said this a wildcat slunk from the trees. Whisper held it in her gaze which caused it to stop.
‘We’ve just got a wild boar to go, and that’s them all,’ said Apprentice Brown.
Apprentice Whisper turned to each of the animals and worked her magic to send them away, as she had done previously. And as Apprentice Brown predicted a wild boar showed up, but Whisper was there to deal with it before any trouble ensued.
‘Someone is behind this,’ said Whisper. ‘Maybe someone with a similar magic to my own.’
She then turned to her brother, now in the form of a bear. As with the previous animal attack, Sigmund seemed agitated after the ordeal.
‘Sigmund,’ Whisper said calmly, raising her hand and caressing his snout.
‘That’s your brother!’ said Willa. ‘What happened to the Vampire Weasel.’
Whisper actually smiled at Willa and nodded, then turned back to her brother. She laid her hand on his head.
‘Be calm,’ she said.
Her magic worked and he stopped shuffling. Unlike before though he started to shrink in size. His fur disappeared, clothes appeared, until Apprentice Beast was back in his human form.
Apprentice Whisper gave him a hug and then turned to their Master. ‘Your meditation is helping,’ she said. ‘I’m able to bring him back much easier than before. Thank you.’

#

Following a short bite to eat the group pressed on, eager to complete their journey. Beast took the lead, on guard for any further trouble. Apprentice Brown walked with Willa once more, talking about toys. The Sorcerer and Whisper walked behind. Apprentice Brown knew they were discussing the strange animal attack, catching snippets of their conversation.
‘There are no others in your family, or village, with the same magical ability as you?’ the Sorcerer asked.
‘No. Nobody holds any magic except Sigmund and myself,’ said Whisper. ‘It feels like it was a test. But whoever it was didn’t have much control over what they were trying to achieve. I easily broke the spell.’
Apprentice Brown was reminded of the rock-monster’s attack on the Sorcerer’s house a few months ago. Apprentice Blue had likened that to a test also.
The rest of their days passed without event. And on one day, with the sun falling in the sky Apprentice Brown and his companions caught sight of a familiar rooftop with its shining magical tiles glinting above the trees, and the towers of the Sorcerer’s house poking up also. As they emerged from under the canopy the whole house came into view. Glancing to the meadow opposite Apprentice Brown could see a few tents were pitched. Already people were expecting an old Apprentice to leave and a new one to be announced. The old Apprentice would of course be Blue, who had been studying with their Master for ten years now. But with her departure and the departure of Grey, and with the arrival of Beast and Whisper, the numbers were balanced again. When those in the tents found out they would be disappointed, and there would be many more making the journey across Tellus arriving to this disappointing news. Apprentice Brown wondered if the Sorcerer would perhaps still choose an Apprentice. He knew he’d just have to wait and see.
Misadventure Fourteen – Joy and Sorrow
Time is fluid. It twists and turns. Outcomes which are often considered certain can sometimes get knocked off course, and a new, unexpected outcome achieved, and so a new timeline is established. There are those with the magic to read the meandering trail of Time, but even they never know which outcome will be the true path Time flows towards.
Extract from Tellus Untold, author unknown.

The time had come for another Apprentice to depart from the Sorcerer’s house. Apprentice Blue had been with the Sorcerer for almost ten years now. The Sorcerer had gathered all his Apprentices together for a feast. And what a feast; succulent meats, fresh and crunchy vegetables, rich and creamy cakes. The colours and aroma within the Sorcerer’s dining room were enough to make Apprentice Brown’s head spin.
As they had their fill of the delicious food the Sorcerer rose to his feet to say a few words. Apprentice Blue was sat to his side.
‘Time moves too quickly, and so it is with joy and great sadness that the time has come for Apprentice Blue to be taken from us. I remember ten years ago when a young lady turned up in my meadow, as with so many other hopefuls. There was a particular cold snap at that time, and many people fell ill whilst camping out, being exposed to the elements more than usual. But she was there with her gift, her entire day filled by visiting tents and asking people to find or donate the ingredients needed to make the potions for healing. I knew immediately that she deserved a place in my house. But even back then I knew that her ability with potions surpassed even my own. Though I knew I could offer my guidance, and access to the knowledge within my library, and the strength to grow her other magical abilities. She has taken to every challenge I have set her with patience and quiet determination. I know it is her wish to return to her people near the Pel Ulimar desert and find a cure for Catabolae; the terrible skin disease that corrodes away to the sufferer’s very soul. And so, as back then when I bestowed upon her the title of Apprentice Blue, I now have the great pleasure of bestowing a new title to her. From this day forward she will be known as Sorcereress Grace.’ 
Everyone clapped and cheered. Sorcereress Grace rose and embraced their Master, holding a bashful smile.
‘Thank you,’ she said, but their Master raised his hands, not willing to accept her credit.
‘All the work was yours and truly deserved,’ he said. 
So she turned with a smile and looked down upon her seated friends.
‘I am going to miss you all so dearly,’ she said, looking to each one with a smile, but also sadness in her eyes at having to depart. ‘Please visit whenever you can. I would like to say I will be back one day, but the task I’ve chosen will prove a difficult path and I do wonder if I will ever have the time to journey so far again.’
From beside Sorceress Grace Apprentice Yellow gave a cough to clear his throat and rose to stand beside her.
‘From the moment I arrived here Selena didn’t shy away when the large brute that I am came thumping upon the Sorcerer’s door demanding to be next Apprentice.’
Apprentice Yellow said all this in his heavy accent, and using Sorceress Grace’s real name. Everyone knew the pair were very close; too close for such formalities as having to use her official title, as was expected of others. Apprentice Yellow continued his tale.
‘Instead, she opened door, gave me stern look and harsh telling off, and then sent me away with tail between my legs. And when I was surprisingly made an Apprentice she didn’t hold our previous encounter against me. Instead she was the kindest soul a person could meet. And we have grown close over the years. So much so that I will be departing with her when she leaves, and we will be married.’
The Sorcerer had already guessed this was to be. He rose and waited for the mixture of cheers and shock at Apprentice Yellow’s news to subside.
‘Apprentice Yellow. You have been here nearly eight years. And most recently have discovered the true power you hold.’
Their Master was referring to the incident with Mrs Mallory’s flowers. But more importantly everyone knew the consequences of his power, being so similar to the power of Gonzalez’s wife. Both Apprentice Yellow and Sorceress Grace had since been focusing their meditation to think about his newfound ability and to weight up all positive and negative thoughts. He must always assess if his ability is being misused. Yellow understood this meant the prospect of his ability having a negative impact on the ones around him, the ones he loved, turning their heart’s dark with the lust for more power. Grace understood it meant she was the one most likely to succumb. But by knowing of it and assessing it daily, it would help to disrupt any dark ambitions. She knew her greatest ambition was to cure the Catabolae. She knew she should never look to Apprentice Yellow’s ability to achieve that aim, no matter what. Even if her own loved ones, or she herself, succumbed to the disease. Otherwise she would become a monster more terrible than the Catabolae.
After the pause, with everyone reflecting on the duty of Sorcerer Grace and Apprentice Yellow, their Master continued, looking at Apprentice Yellow.
‘I pronounce you Sorcerer Silver, with your ability to provide words of wisdom to calm.’ 
The newly appointed Sorcerer Silver looked stunned. Everyone else looked upon him with a smile. And then Apprentice Orange gave a cheer, which everyone else joined in upon.

#

There proved to be far too much food to finish at their feast. 
‘Please take some to your grandpa, and the Pikes,’ said Sorceress Grace to Apprentice Brown. So he gathered up pieces of cake and carefully wrapped them in a cloth, before skipping off across town. He was sad that Sorceress Grace would be leaving them, and Sorcerer Silver. But the departure of an old Apprentice meant the arrival of a new Apprentice. Word would keep spreading that a vacancy still required to be filled and soon the meadow opposite the Sorcerer’s house would be a thriving village of hopefuls.
Arriving at his destination, Apprentice Brown noticed Mr. Pike in the garden gutting fish from his catch that day. It appeared to have been a successful fishing trip. Apprentice Brown counted eight fish neatly lined up beside Mr. Pike. The fisherman looked up upon hearing the little boy’s approach.
‘Why hello, young Apprentice,’ Mr. Pike said with smile. ‘You’ve come just in time. I’ve some spare fish for your Master.’
‘And I’ve got some cake from Sorceress Grace’s leaving dinner,’ Apprentice Brown said with a wide grin, holding aloft the bundle of cloth.
‘Sorceress Grace,’ Mr Pike repeated, measuring the new title of Apprentice Blue. He gave a satisfied nod.
‘And there was a second announcement,’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘Apprentice Yellow is to leave alongside Sorceress Grace. He was pronounced as Sorcerer Silver by our Master.’
Mr. Pike gave a bigger smile. ‘I think everyone expected him to go.’
Apprentice Brown grew quiet. He hadn’t expected it.
‘I’ll just take this in to Oxana,’ Apprentice Brown said, turning to go indoors, but then stopped as he saw the smile on Mr. Pike’s face fall. ‘What’s wrong?’ he asked.
Mr. Pike remained crouched in the same position over his fish before eventually shifted and beckoned Apprentice Brown over. Apprentice Brown edged closer and Mr. Pike gently laid his hands on the young Apprentice’s shoulders.
‘It’s okay,’ he said in a soft voice. ‘I sometimes forget also.’
Apprentice Brown wasn’t sure what he had forgotten, so remained silent. Instead Mr. Pike rose and led him, hand in hand, round the stone cottage to the back garden, without a word spoken. Past the kitchen garden and the flowerbeds they slowly strolled, all the while in silence, finally reaching the far side of the garden to a quiet corner where an archway had been erected. A climbing rose had tangled its way over the arch, decorating the area with beautiful pure white flowers.
‘Here, let’s give Oxana a piece,’ Mr. Pike said with a weak smile.
Apprentice Brown frowned, then looked down to where Mr. Pike’s eyes were resting. There, surrounded by a scattering of white rose petals, sat a smoothed round stone atop a small mound of earth to mark the grave of a child. Apprentice Brown knew in that instant that the grave belonged to his dear friend Oxana.
Misadventure Fifteen – Shattered Reality
Apprentice Brown shook his head and took a step back.
‘No,’ he said in a faint whisper. And then repeated it again, but stronger and with anguish. ‘No! How? Nobody told me. I saw her only…’ He counted in his head. ‘Only two days ago.’
Mr. Pike looked down at him and gave a frown, then crouched so their eyes met on the same level.
‘Oxana had a fever after she fell into the river. Apprentice Blue…I mean Sorceress Grace, she tired her best to save Oxana with a potion. But it was to no avail.’
It was Apprentice Brown’s turn to frown now, through his growing tears. He could see Mr. Pike’s eyes watering also.
‘But when?’ he asked. He had seen none of this over the past few days.
‘It was over two years ago,’ said Mr. Pike in reply. ‘You were there for it all. Don’t you remember?’
Mr. Pike fell silent. He looked concerned now. ‘Come with me please,’ he said, with a hint of worry. He then scooped Apprentice Brown in his arms and marched back through the garden, round the house and made his way into town. They headed back to the Sorcerer’s house.
Apprentice Brown was too confused to ask any more questions, and tried to keep his sobbing at bay every time he thought of his dear friend Oxana.
Mr. Pike didn’t knock, but immediately entered the Sorcerer’s house and followed the sound of merry voices into the dining room. Heads turned to see the new guest, but then all smiles dropped when they saw the concern marked upon Mr. Pike’s face.
‘Could we please speak?’ he said to the Sorcerer.
The Sorcerer rose with a nod and gestured to the doorway.
Mr. Pike gently lowered Apprentice Brown, handing him into the comforting lap of Tabitha, then retreated into the hallway with the Sorcerer. Silence hung thickly within the air of the dining room as those left behind caught glimpses of the brief conversation.
‘He’s completely forgotten about what happened to Oxana two years ago, until I reminded him,’ came Mr. Pike’s voice. ‘He’s now reliving the shock all over again, the poor soul.’
All eyes that looked upon Apprentice Brown were filled with sadness.

#

Winter came early, and the dark nights matched Apprentice Brown’s troubled mind. For now he was having to learn to live without his best friend, Oxana. At first everyone tip-toed round him, letting him cry his sorrows out. But then they kept mentioning Oxana, and her passing, lest he forget again. But nobody truly believed him when he said she had survived that fateful day where he himself had conjured up a snowstorm in the middle of Summer. And Oxana had fallen ill. But in his memory, with the skill of Apprentice Blue a potion had revived his friend and she had been alive and well. However nobody else remembered events in this way. So he stopped mentioning it, as it only made those dear to him worry all the more. He was encouraged to meditate, and less of his time was taken with his magic lessons.
He scoured the Sorcerer’s library using his special book that would present any text within the library that he requested. Asking such questions as ‘can magic change time?’ or ‘can people have their memory changed compared to others?’ he found only one reference to such a phenomenon explaining why his memory would differ from that of others. It mentioned time being fluid and getting knocked off course. The author was unknown, but it started to give Apprentice Brown hope that there may be more to Oxana’s sudden disappearance. He found it difficult to accept what others were telling him; that his own grief refused to let him admit her death. He had memories with her since then; the flood, meeting the Professor and her dragon, camping and telling stories, collecting apples and losing Grey in the pond and then Oxana finding her in the well. These memories were real to him. But everyone else had a different version of these events. A version without Oxana, as if he had simply slotted her into his memories. The thought of Grey and her falling into the pond made him wish she was here. Surely she would remember.
He looked back to the book. The description within didn’t completely match his own experience however. He didn’t see possibilities that time might take, only the consequences of change. And he was still left on his own, wondering how he could possibly prove it. But then such an opportunity for proof happened to present itself the very next day.
Apprentice Brown had been meditating the early morning away. He was now just leaving the sparse meditation room and had stepped into the hallway to help Whisper and Beast with a fruit delivery. The stained-glass window in the hallway that could predict the weather presented an image of a cautious sun peeping from behind a fluffy white cloud. The image reassured Apprentice Brown he need not hunt out his hat, gloves and boots from his bedroom.
About to cross the hallway to leave the house, he heard merry chattering from outside. The heavy front door creaked open and in strode a young man. He had his head turned to look back outside so Apprentice Brown only saw his thick black hair. He was leading someone with one of his arms trailing behind him. In waltzed a young woman behind the strange man. Her long and golden hair flowed down past her shoulders lighting up the sweet smile that already made her face shine so. She gave a melodic laugh, and Apprentice Brown even found himself involuntarily smiling with her, such was the charm of her presence.
The happy couple laughed together, with no eyes for anyone else but each other, and made their way to the Sorcerer’s potion room. The young man turned briefly away from his love to see his way forward, revealing his face. Apprentice Brown choked. There before him was none other than the evil Wizard Gonzalez. He was alive, but a fraction of the age he had once been.
Gonzalez and the young woman disappeared into the potion room and the door closed behind them. Apprentice Brown finally gathered his wits. With no time to think how Gonzalez had returned, all Apprentice Brown could imagine was that he would have to fight him again. He courageously leapt across the hallway and to the potion room, ready to summon the Dragons again. He flung the potion room door wide open.
All pairs of eyes in the room turned towards him. His Master was giving a lesson to Apprentice Orange and their newest Apprentice, Apprentice Indigo, a brown-haired woman from the Citadel. She politely stood to greet Apprentice Brown with a scrape of her wooden chair as it pushed back across the floor. The Sorcerer and the Apprentices looked his way with growing curiosity. But in his urgency to hunt out Gonzalez Apprentice Brown ignored them and scanned the room. However there was no sign of Gonzalez, or his female companion. He found himself staring at the open window. Had they rushed through and jumped out?
‘Is something amiss?’ the Sorcerer asked him.
He looked back at his Master, confused by the room’s calmness. He though it plainly obvious what was wrong but poured out his troubles.
‘Gonzalez, he came in here. But he looked much younger. And there was a girl with him. A beautiful girl with golden hair.’
Silence followed.
The Sorcerer just frowned. It was Apprentice Indigo who spoke up.
‘Nobody has entered the room until just now when you arrived, dear.’
Apprentice Brown thought fast.
‘Then they’re invisible. They’re in here.’ He pointed to the window. ‘They could have made their way out there by now though.
More silence.
‘But the door never opened before you came in, dear,’ said Apprentice Indigo.
Apprentice Brown could not think of any other explanation.
‘But I saw them,’ he said, quieter now, as it was clear nobody else had.
‘I…’ the Sorcerer stopped. He seemed at odds with himself. ‘The woman you saw. Can you describe her in more detail?’
Apprentice Brown thought.
‘I didn’t see her for long. She was tall and lean, with long, golden hair. And she was laughing. Her laugh made me feel…’ he paused for the right words. ‘It made me feel so happy, and safe.’
The Sorcerer was visibly shaken and sat down.
‘I believe I know the person to whom you refer,’ he said faintly. ‘She was one of my Apprentices. But that was a long time ago. She has since long gone from here. She was Gonzalez’s wife, the one who unknowingly fed his power. She is…gone. And like Gonzalez, she would be much older now.’
The Sorcerer seemed visibly distressed. ‘Her name was Lily. Have you ever spoken to Tabitha about her before?’
Apprentice Brown shook his head.
‘Anyone else? Your Grandfather perhaps?’
‘Grandpa?’ said Apprentice Brown curiously.
‘He lived in this village at that time,’ explained the Sorcerer. ‘He knew Gonzalez and Lily.’
‘My Grandpa has never mentioned either of them before,’ said Apprentice Brown.
He could see his Master was thinking hard.
‘I can’t explain it,’ the Sorcerer finally said. ‘You appear to have seen some ghost of the past.’
It was Apprentice Brown’s turn to think. He was thinking of Oxana and how only he had memories of her being alive and well.
‘And could a ghost from the past be a sign that something wasn’t right with Time?’
The Sorcerer looked at him, then rose from his chair and moved towards him. Gently laying his hands on Apprentice Brown’s shoulders he leaned forward, staring with some fear into his eyes.
‘You haven’t been trying to play with Time, have you? The loss of Oxana hasn’t made you try and change the past, has it? Please, tell me truthfully. Your honestly is so vitally important.’
Apprentice Brown gave a sniff. He wanted to cry, but kept his composure.
‘I haven’t, I swear.’
The Sorcerer gave a nod. He let his hands drop and stood, straightening his stiff and old back with a groan. He gave a sigh. He looked suddenly older and wearier.
‘To answer your question; yes, it’s possible that a ghost could mean Time is astray. It would mean someone else is dangerously playing with Time. I need to think about what you have said. For now, please continue you fruit delivery. Let me know immediately of any other strange occurrences.’
The Sorcerer gave a weak smile. Apprentice Brown gave a nod back and went to leave.
Outside he found Whisper and Beast had just finished collecting fruit from the Sorcerer’s orchard. Today the trees had given them the rare treat of juicy frostberries. The small silver spheres filled the baskets that the Apprentices carried to the brim. Apprentice Brown licked his lips knowing Ethel, the Sorcerer’s cook, would make a delicious frostberry pie for their dinner tonight.
Together they all walked into town.
‘How’s your training going?’ Apprentice Brown asked the pair.
‘Great,’ they said in unison, and laughed.
‘We’ve been learning about the Art of Elements from Tabitha,’ said Beast.
Apprentice Brown brightened.
‘I’m good at that,’ he said, his eyes lighting up.
‘We’ve seen you in action, remember,’ said Beast. ‘At Lake Tellus. Impressive stuff. But I hear you weren’t always so good, making snowstorms in Summer.’
Whisper jabbed her elbow into her brother’s ribs.
‘Oh, sorry,’ said Beast, rubbing his side, remembering he wasn’t supposed to mention that.
Apprentice Brown knew they were referring to Oxana, and how she had grown ill after one of his snowstorms. There was an awkward silence as they entered town. But rounding a corner a commotion could be heard coming from the town square. The Apprentices looked on at the gathered crowd. Someone, who had their back to them, held aloft a whip. With a flick of their arm, they cracked the whip and lashed out at a man. Apprentice Brown recognised the man as Mr. Pike.
Apprentice Brown stood there, dumbstruck that such a brutal act could happen in their peaceful town. Whisper buried her head into her brother’s chest at the sight. He wrapped his arms around her for comfort.
Another man then marched up to Mr. Pike as he cowered on the ground. Even from the distance they were at Apprentice Brown could see the man had such cold eyes, and there was no expression at all on his pale face. The man grabbed Mr. Pike with only one arm but with such staggering strength, then tossed him into a nearby cage effortlessly, as if throwing aside a rag.  
‘Hey!’ Apprentice Brown cried, about to run forward to help. But he felt a hand on his shoulder stopping him. Looking back, he saw Beast shaking his head. Apprentice Brown cast a frown.
‘Don’t upset the Soulless,’ said Beast. He looked genuinely fearful, which was not like him at all.
‘The Soulless?’ said Apprentice Brown, puzzled. ‘Who are they?’
Whisper and Beast looked at him bemused.
‘How could you forget?’ said Whisper. ‘They rule over Tellus.’
Misadventure Sixteen – The Soulless
‘Come on. Let’s get on with our delivery,’ said Beast, and he gave a wink to Apprentice Brown, as if to say they weren’t really delivering fruit at all.
Apprentice Brown trotted behind Beast and Whisper, bemused. His first instinct was to ask what was going on, and who were these cruel Soulless who supposedly ruled over Tellus. But these days strange events were becoming the norm, especially after seeing Gonzalez this morning. And every time he tried to point out the differences his friends looked at him as if he was losing his mind. So he kept quiet instead. He would observe for now, and could tell the Sorcerer when he got back home, to add to the Gonzalez mystery. But it was difficult not to feel hotly angry as they skirted the town square, seeing Oxana’s father cramped inside a cage.
They headed to the other side of town, where his grandpa lived with Oxana’s family. A glimmer of hope hit him that maybe Oxana had returned with this new turn in events.
Stopping briefly at the front door both Beast and Whisper looked around to see if anyone was watching and then walked into the house, not bothering to knock. Apprentice Brown followed behind, walking through to the kitchen. Sat waiting at the table, as if anticipating their arrival, was his grandpa, Oxana’s mother and Apprentice Orange. Sadly there appeared to be no Oxana, but Apprentice Brown mostly wondered how Orange could have raced here quicker than they did, as she had been having a magic lesson when they left. Only by using the Art of Translocation. But then maybe this was just another part of these strange goings-on.
‘Sorry we’re late,’ said Whisper. ‘There was trouble at the market.’ She looked to Oxana’s mother. ‘They have Tomek.’
Oxana’s mother went white upon hearing her husband had been imprisoned.
‘But he’s no magician,’ she said.
‘He got angry,’ said Beast. ‘They may release him after he’s cooled down.’
‘We can hope,’ said Apprentice Brown’s grandpa. ‘Quickly, we don’t have much time. If we’re caught in discussion like this then we’ll be taken next. Yesterday they took Sorceress Grace, and of course Sorcerer Silver wasn’t about to let that happen. He fought bravely but it was of no use. So that’s four gone now, including the Sorcerer and Tabitha.’
Apprentice Brown was shocked at all this news, but did his best to hide it. In his memory Grace and Silver had departed to Pel Ulimar. And to hear even their Master had been captured by these foes. This was the worst turn of events yet.
‘How long has it been now?’ he said, trying to gather information about the latest situation he had suddenly been plunged into which he knew nothing about. Only this morning he had been living in peace with the Sorcerer.
‘It’s been four weeks since they turned up here now,’ said his grandpa. ‘And three weeks since they took the Citadel and their mysterious leader declared Tellus as their own.’
This news astonished the young Apprentice even more.
‘How many are there?’ He said this almost to himself, wondering how they could have defeated the Citadel Lord’s army.
‘Hundreds,’ came his grandpa’s reply, but with a shake of his head. ‘Nobody knows for sure. They just seem to keep on coming from Tellus Minor. They want to rid the world of magic.’
Apprentice Brown felt he needed to help. His only way was to unleash his strongest power.
‘I can summon the dragons,’ he said, but with a hint of uncertainty. He was afraid to do so. ‘It might be our only hope.’
His grandpa smiled at his courageous grandson.
‘And yet that is still magic. We know magic has little effect on them. They didn’t event react to the Sorcerer’s mirages. And Tabitha’s cold did nothing; not even to slow them down. Would the cold of the dragons be of any more use?’
‘It froze Gonzalez solid. And there are other words,’ said Apprentice Brown hopefully. ‘Though I haven’t sought them out. Now might be the time.’
His grandpa looked at him with pride and his smile grew.
‘That could help,’ he said. ‘But we also need to think of a plan to fight back without magic.’
‘What about the Professor?’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘She doesn’t use magic.’
His grandpa gave a nod. ‘That’s exactly who I had in mind. Though nobody has seen her for weeks. But that’s not unusual if she’s deep in her work. It could be that the Soulless don’t even know she’s there.’
Everyone looked at each other and nodded in agreement.
‘We need to pay her a visit,’ said Beast. ‘But it will look suspicious if we all go traipsing into the forest. And I for one don’t know the exact way to her house.’
Everyone’s gaze fell to Apprentice Brown. He knew the way.
‘I’ll do it,’ he said, gladly accepting the responsibility to help out.

#

Apprentice Brown traversed his way back across town. The streets were empty of people, but filled with fear. He hadn’t noticed this before. Maybe he had been too bewildered.
As he reached the marketplace it was quieter also. Everyone had taken what they needed for the day and now seemed to be hiding out at home. The cages were still there. Two of the Soulless guarded them, armed with spears. They were stood utterly motionless, looking straight ahead as if they were statues rather than people. Oxana’s father was still there, sitting with his arms wrapped round his legs in his squat prison. His gaze met that of Apprentice Brown’s, and the Apprentice slowed, almost stopping. Oxana’s father gave a quick shake of his head as a warning. And one of the Soulless moved its head, fixing its steely gaze on Apprentice Brown.
Apprentice Brown picked up his pace. Leaving the square he give a shudder. With a backward glace he was relieved that the Soulless didn’t seem interested enough to follow him. So he began to run along the long winding road out of town and up the hill to the Sorcerer’s house. No smoke belched from the chimney. The house seemed lonely.
Not wanting to linger he continued through the Sorcerer’s orchard and plunged into the forest behind. Following a thin trail he weaved through the trees for several minutes. The sound of the river grew louder. The trees thinned and then he found himself in a clearing, seeing the river and the bank upon which the Professor’s small wooden house stood. He raced up the hill. Outside the hut stood her metal dragon. There was a giant key atop it, the same he’d seen from Willa’s toy dragon to help it move. Normally he’d be curious to inspect it, but now such a thought didn’t even enter his head. He banged on the door, breathing hard from his running.
No answer.
He banged again with both fists and was about to try opening the door when he heard a voice.
‘Calm down. You’ll knock my door off its hinges.’
It was the Professor. A wave of relief washed over him. He felt sure she could help.
The door opened and there she stood, wearing her overalls and her unusual pair of glasses sat atop her head. She smiled upon seeing him.
‘Come in. It’s about time I had a break and a bite to eat, I suppose. Tea?’
He shook his head and looked around. No sign of Willa. She had been staying with the Professor. They had been sharing ideas, and had clearly incorporated her toy design on a larger scale to the Professor’s dragon. But now wasn’t the time to question Willa’s whereabouts.
‘I’ve been trying to store the electricity from my waterwheel,’ she said, and walked over to a huge box with cables running from it. ‘It will help my dragon move, improving on the design Willa and I have been working on. It makes it much more spacious inside, and as quiet as a mouse. Well, a dragon-sized mouse.’
‘There’s trouble in town,’ Apprentice Brown cut her off. ‘Some people attacked and have taken over. They’ve taken over the whole of Tellus. They can’t be hurt by magic.’
The words spilled out. The Professor stood taking it all in and making sense of all she heard.
‘I’ve been locked away in here with my work. I had no idea.’ She was quieter now, and more thoughtful.
‘We need your help,’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘There must be something you can do, where our magic fails.’
The Professor nodded slowly. ‘Possibly,’ she said, still in thought. Then she seemed to come to a decision. ‘I need some food. Let’s head into town. It can help me assess the situation.’
The Professor grabbed her basket.
‘Do we have to?’ said Apprentice Brown. He didn’t like the thought of going back. The Soulless made him uneasy.
‘People are still shopping for food aren’t they?’ said the Professor.
Apprentice Brown nodded.
‘Then I need food,’ she confirmed. ‘There’s nothing unusual about that. And as I said, it will let me see what we’re dealing with.’
So back into town they went. Apprentice Brown admired her courage.
‘How many of them are there?’ asked the Professor on the way, as they passed through the Sorcerer’s orchard, and she noted the frostberries on the trees. ‘Hmm, I’ll get some of those on the way back.’ She always seemed so calm.
Apprentice Brown began to recall events from this morning to answer her question. ‘There were the two guarding the town square when I left. But before that, when they took Oxana’s father, I think there were four; no wait, there were five of them.’
He paused, then asked, ‘How’s your dragon coming along?’ He had asked this wondering if the dragon could act as a weapon. It would certainly protect them from spears.
‘Very well. As I said, I aim to get it running on the power generated from my waterwheel, and with the extra room without the furnace you can have the wind-up mechanism inside. It moves a lot speedier and smoother than before also, thanks to Willa giving me some great ideas. She’s wasted on creating toys. She said she’d return after selling her goods in the Citadel.’
‘The Citadel has fallen to the Soulless also,’ said Apprentice Brown.
The Professor stopped in shock. Then her lips thinned, and her jaw hardened, so that a look of anger came to her now. It was the first time Apprentice Brown had seen such a response from her. She was usually positive about any challenge she faced, relishing the test to her inventing skills. Now she seemed furious.
They stepped into the town square and paused. The Professor assessed the change in the normally peaceful surroundings. There were still only a few people around. The cages were still there, Mr. Pike was still there, and the two Soulless still stood like statues on guard.
‘Let’s get some bread,’ said the Professor. ‘The bakery is right by the cages.’
They strode over. The two Soulless guarding the cages remained unmoving. Apprentice Brown didn’t like to look so he walked on by towards the bakery, not realising as he reached the door that he was now walking alone. It was the utter shock on the face of someone emerging from the bakery, almost dropping their bread, that told him to look back.
The Professor had stopped and was looking curiously at one of the Soulless. Apprentice Brown ran back to her, afraid for her safety, even as she approached and stared at one of the guards right up close. There were gasps from those nearby at the Professor’s bold but reckless behaviour. She would surely get whipped and thrown in a cage for her actions.
‘An invention,’ said the Professor softly to herself.
The Soulless then moved its head, looking at the Professor directly and smiled. Those surrounding were pushed further into amazement. A Soulless has never been caught smiling before, or showing any kind of emotion.
‘Estelle,’ said the Soulless, as if recognising the Professor. ‘So this pathetic place is where you have been hiding yourself.’
The Professor stepped back with alarm at hearing her name.
‘Beth?’ she said.
The Soulless tipped its head back and laughed. It was a strange, hollow and metallic laugh, and was again a first for everyone around.
‘I’m seeing and speaking to you through my greatest achievement. Do you like it?’
‘Beth, this is wrong,’ said the Professor.
Beth, or rather the Soulless invention that was acting as a vessel for Beth, frowned in anger.
‘No Estelle, it is you dear sister who is wrong! You spend your time trying to uncover the secrets of magic. It is a shameful waste of your talent. Magic is nothing compared to my inventions. And I persuaded some very wealthy people in Tellus Minor to fund my work, whose hatred for magic made them oh so easy to win over. Now I control the whole of Tellus and have limitless resources. Daddy would have been proud.’
‘Daddy taught us that inventing was a wonder, and a help to people.’ The Professor argued passionately. ‘You have grown selfish and you are cruel. Daddy would have been so disappointed.’
The Soulless took a step forward and stared in its cold and unemotional way directly at the Professor.
‘Get out of my sight!’ screamed Beth. ‘You get this one chance because you are my sister. Next time I won’t hold back.’
Apprentice Brown tugged at the Professor’s arm. She was stubborn and didn’t want to leave. She was prepared to keep arguing with her sister, but Apprentice Brown knew she would pay the price. He didn’t want to see the Professor hurt. And he also knew she was their only hope against her sister and these Soulless inventions.
The Professor looked down to Apprentice Brown and read the worry in his face. It helped to calm her anger. She took his hand with a gentle squeeze, then they prepared to walk away.
‘I’ve changed my mind,’ said the voice of Beth behind them. They turned to see both of the Soulless guards advancing towards them.
‘Run!’ shouted Apprentice Brown to the Professor. Maybe Beth had realised the threat her sister could be. Therefore he needed to keep the Professor safe. She was their one hope. He must act.
‘Smetay!’ he said with a shout that turned to a hiss, summoning what he knew was his last resort. His heart froze, instantly gripped with an icy chill. He felt the same crippling sensation he had felt years ago, when he had first crossed paths with the voices of the dragons. It was nothing like the calm and controlled action he had unleashed at Lake Tellus. He could feel the cold chill coursing through his veins. Casting a glance to his hand he could see it was turning green and scaly. He collapsed to the floor with a sob, awaiting the darkness to take him over, but with the small ray of hope that it could prove some help against the Soulless.
However, he then felt a warm hand gently touch his shoulder.
‘Apprentice Brown?’ is said softly, but with concern.
Apprentice Brown recognised it as the voice of Apprentice Whisper. He looked up from his crouched position and saw her smiling down at him, but with slight worry in her eyes. His first thought was that she had come to help in the fight with the Soulless. Maybe she could bring him back from the dragons, just as she could bring her brother back from his changes. But then he looked to his hand. It appeared normal, and not green or clawed. Astonished he looked around the town square. There was no Professor, no cages and no Soulless.
‘Are they gone?’ he said. ‘Is the Professor safe?’ Had he already been unconscious, as the power of the dragons consumed him?
‘Who’s gone?’ asked Apprentice Whisper. ‘And I haven’t seen the Professor for weeks. Maybe we should pay her a visit to see if she is okay.’
She was standing there still smiling, but concerned. Apprentice Beast was with her also.
‘The Soulless,’ said Apprentice Brown.
‘The who?’ said Whisper and Beast in unison, and they look at each other, baffled.
The pair stood bemused as Apprentice Brown babbled about inventions and people being taken away. Apprentice Whisper tried to reassure him.
‘Please stay calm. We’ve all just walked into town, remember. There was a commotion here in the market.’
Apprentice Brown nodded. He remembered. That was how it had all started.
Whisper continued.
‘It was just a pig that had escaped from its cage and was eating turnips from another stall. The next thing we knew you were crouched on the floor, as if in some pain.’
Apprentice Brown couldn’t fathom what had just happened. It seemed no time had passed at all, and the Soulless had never been there. But to him he had visited his grandpa, sought out the Professor and then confronted the Soulless. But then inexplicable goings on were nothing unusual for him now.
They decided it was best to seek out their Master. They approached the Sorcerer’s house in silence. Apprentice Brown knew the concern of his friends was rising again for his state of mind. They caught sight of their Master in his garden now, still giving a magic lesson to Apprentices Orange and Indigo. And then Apprentice Brown stopped abruptly. Whisper and Beast also stopped and turned to look at him, again with concern at his peculiar behaviour. Behind the Sorcerer Apprentice Brown had caught sight of Apprentice Red who was also being taught a lesson.
‘He’s back!’ said Apprentice Brown, a smile growing on his face. ‘Has Apprentice Grey returned and freed him?’  His smile of joy quickly faded, as he diverted his gaze to the statue that was still present in the middle of the Sorcerer’s garden.
‘No!’ He gave a short cry and ran to the statue. Upon reaching it he raised his hand, tears filling his eyes. He tenderly touched the stony cheek. It was Apprentice Grey.

Misadventure Seventeen – The Lacunarity
Magic can be infused into objects. Some people have the gift for such a feat. A trinket, such as a ring or a pendant, can be embedded with all or part of a person’s magical ability. Similar abilities will form similar looking pendants. The one wielding the magic-infused object then holds the magical power, but still needs the willpower to control it.
Extract from Tellusian Majicks Past and Present

Apprentice Brown stared at the statue of Apprentice Grey for some time. He knew those with him in the garden were watching him, anxious at his behaviour. Apprentice Whisper began to tell the Sorcerer what had happened in the market square in town. To Apprentice Brown that was already a past concern. He was now trying to make sense of this new reality. He was coming to his own conclusion that Apprentice Red and Grey had never switched places in this new version of Time. He could of course ask, just for confirmation, but that would just add to his friends’ concerns. He gazed at Apprentice Grey with sorrow filling his heart, as she stood there locked in her stone prison. And then he noticed she was missing something. Her pendant which normally hung around her neck, it was gone.
He turned to his friends, thinking of a way to explain his behaviour.
‘This statue, I thought I heard it speak,’ he said. ‘But that would be silly. It’s just a statue.’
He looked to his Master, who shifted uncomfortably.
‘That is no ordinary statue,’ the Sorcerer said. ‘It is one of my Apprentices.’
Everyone else appeared shocked at this news, but Apprentice Brown knew his guess was correct. To everyone else Red and Grey had never switched places. Only he remembered events this way.
Their Master continued with his explanation.
‘She changed herself with a powerful and uncontrollable spell, using the Art of Change,’ he explained. He then looked intently at Apprentice Brown. ‘If you are hearing her then you are using magic unknowingly. And from what I’ve just briefly heard happened in the marketplace I think it is best you go and meditate.’
Apprentice Whisper stood there looking guilty at having just passed this news on to their Master whilst Apprentice Brown puzzled over the statue. Apprentice Brown didn’t feel any ill will towards her. She was only worried for him. So he nodded in agreement. But he was already forming a plan. A plan to free Apprentice Grey. His plan was to get his Master’s pendant and give it to Grey. They were near identical. And why was Grey’s pendant missing? He knew it was dear to her and should be there. Maybe the two pendants held the same magic. He had read about pendants before, and this was a possibility. He had to at least try. And if not then he could simply return his Master’s pendant.
He headed indoors, along with Beast and Whisper, so he felt he had to head to the meditation room as they expected. Opening the door his heart dropped as he saw Tabitha in there, also in meditation. He’d have to wait for her to leave before he could try his plan now. So somewhat reluctantly he sat down and meditated.
It took what felt like a lifetime for Tabitha to rise quietly and leave the room. Apprentice Brown had tried to actually meditate, but his mind was set on Apprentice Grey. Now that he was alone, he rose and crept over to the door. Pressing his ear to it he could hear voices in the hallway. Tabitha was talking to someone. He prayed no-one else would come to meditate.
Finally, the conversation in the hallway ended and silence fell. Apprentice Brown carefully opened the door and peered out. He could see no-one. He slipped from the room, scurried across the hall on his tiptoes to the door of his Master’s bedroom.
Again he stopped and listened. Still no-one. So he took hold of the door-handle, but paused. Was it fear? Or even guilt? Was he stealing? No, he told himself. He was merely borrowing the pendant. And if he was proved to be wrong he would simply return it. What if his Master was inside the room? Carefully he pressed his ear to the door. No sound came from within. Then he heard movement in the next room, which belonged to Tabitha. A new fear gripped him, at being caught loitering guiltily in the hallway. Without further thought he turned the handle to his Master’s bedroom door, pushed forward and slid into the room, before carefully closing the door behind him. Luckily his Master was not inside. He remained absolutely still, not even breathing. The sound of Tabitha leaving her room could be heard, then traversing the hallway and out the front door.
Apprentice Brown gathered his wits. He needed to be quick. In three big strides he was across the room and in front on the Sorcerer’s desk. Pulling the handle of the top drawer, it creaked open, too loud for his comfort. But revealed before him lay the pendant as he had last seen it. Dipping his hand into the drawer he snatched up the necklace before springing back across the room. With a brief pause to listen for anyone outside, he then slipped from the room. His heart was racing. He leapt across the hallway and nearly tripped as the front door opened. Apprentice Indigo entered and caught him before he flew head over heels.
‘What’s the hurry?’ Indigo said.
Apprentice Brown still had the necklace clutched in his right hand. He shifted himself so his hand was out of Indgio’s direct line of sight.
‘Erm, I think I left my gloves in town,’ Apprentice Brown said, pleased at his quick thinking, but disappointed that he felt the need to lie.
‘Ok.’ Indigo laughed. ‘Nothing worth breaking your neck over. Maybe you should meditate some more.’
Apprentice Brown gave a nod. ‘I will, when I have my gloves, otherwise I won’t stop thinking about them.’
Indigo nodded and walked past Apprentice Brown and up the stairs.
Apprentice Brown watched her go then stepped outside. He checked the garden. No-one was around. He raced over to the statue of Apprentice Grey and fumbled with the necklace. It was slightly tangled, and he had to carefully unpick the knots. It felt like they were taking an age to unscramble. At last the pendant swung loose and the necklace hung in a loop between his hands, which were now trembling, causing the necklace and pendant to shake also. He raised his arms and brought the necklace down, hovering just over Apprentice Grey’s head. He paused, still holding the necklace. Doubt filled him. What if nothing happened? Why didn’t he just ask his Master? Because nobody believed him about the changes, about Oxana not dying, Gonzalez appearing, the Soulless invaders, and now this. He knew he was young, but he could still see the pitying look he got whenever Oxana’s name was mentioned. He didn’t want any more of those stares. And his plan was only a hunch. If he was wrong they’d treat him even more like a child.  However deep down he knew this was the right decision. There was something linking Grey’s pendant and his Master’s pendant. He just knew it. So he let go. The necklace rested around her neck.
And then an instant later the necklace and pendant just disappeared. Such was his shock he gave a cry, before noticing that the statue was no longer that of Apprentice Grey. Instead, there in front of him was the stone figure of Apprentice Red once again. He took a few steps back and observed the statue of poor Apprentice Red. Whatever power the pendant had held, it had worked. But how would he explain this to his Master? He hadn’t anticipated losing the pendant. He had expected Apprentice Grey to have been freed from her stone prison. And could he have used the pendant elsewhere? Could he have saved Oxana with it? If only he had taken the time to give his troubled mind some more thought. However now the pendant was gone.
With worry filling him he turned to head back to the house, and abruptly stopped. His Master was stood right there watching him.
Hanging his head in shame, Apprentice Brown began to blurt out an apology, tears filling his eyes as he attempted to offer some kind of excuse for his actions.
‘I’m sorry. I….’
But his Master held up his hand and Apprentice Brown stopped dead his explanation, as if the Sorcerer had bound his voice. The Sorcerer shook his head.
‘Some things were meant to be,’ he said, rather cryptically. ‘Please get inside my house. Something is about to happen.’
The Sorcerer shifted his vision behind his Apprentice. It caused Apprentice Brown to turn and stare. The garden was full of crows. They seemed to have come from nowhere, perched around just watching them.
‘Come,’ said the Sorcerer with abrupt urgency. Apprentice Brown felt his hand being taken and he was pulled to the house with unusual force. And at that moment things did happen. Time seemed to slow, as it is said to do in moments of fear. And the colour seemed to drain away from the world. But also, there came the deafening shriek of the birds, as they took flight, coming in to attack.
Both Apprentice Brown and the Sorcerer were running. It felt like running across sand. A crow arrived, flapping over Apprentice Brown’s head. He swung his arms up and waved it away, but more came. They would be swamped. He felt his Master stop. Looking up he saw his Master raise his hand and shout something. A bright light burst around them both. His Master had cast a protection spell. Several crows caught in the blast fell down dead. The others kept coming, attacking at the barrier. His Master grabbed Apprentice Brown’s hand once again and pulled him towards the house.
Stumbling into the doorway they fell forward with the reassurance that the crows wouldn’t be able to enter the magical house. But they did. And the flapping, pecking and scratching continued.
Again, the Sorcerer raised his hand. With a burst of light the crows in the room fell lifeless to the floor. The Sorcerer moved to the doorway and held his magical barrier in place. 
Apprentice Brown looked out beyond the pale shimmer of his Master’s magical shield. Crazed flapping and squawking burst from the crows. But they weren’t the only oddity. The world had been drained of its colour; or rather the garden surrounding the Sorcerer’s house had. It was as if the whole place was enveloped within a giant glass jar that stopped colour from forming. Beyond, in the meadow, in the forest and in town, colours remained as expected. And inside the house colours endured. But Apprentice Brown wondered how long the house could hold this mysterious fog at bay if the crows had managed to enter.
Apprentice Brown looked to his Master.
‘Someone is finally about to reveal themselves,’ the Sorcerer said. ‘I’ve awaited this moment since the attack of the rock monster.’
Apprentice Brown cast his mind back to that day. That had been a year ago. So much had happened since then. So many things had changed that only he seemed aware of. Was it now coming to a head? 
Others from within the house had joined them now, startled by the bodies of birds strewn across the hallway.
‘Ravens,’ said Apprentice Whisper, looking around the hall and watching the commotion of birds. ‘But I can’t read any of them. It’s almost like they’re not really here. Is this the Art of Mirage?’
‘I felt them pecking at me,’ said Apprentice Brown. ‘They’re real alright.’
‘It would be wise not to step outside, just on case,’ the Sorcerer warned them. Not that anyone wanted to join the unkindness outside. ‘They’ve somehow managed to overcome the magic of my house,’ he continued. ‘Apprentice Whisper, can you tame them?’
Whisper shook her head. ‘As I said, it’s almost as if they’re not there. But I feel a presence. It was the same when we first met, and at Lake Tellus. However this time it’s stronger. Who or whatever is behind this has learnt from our previous encounters.’
And then the birds suddenly stopped their rage, and settled in the Sorcerer’s garden, their mean stares still fixed on the house. The Sorcerer lowered his arm, and his magical shield.
Some of those in the hallway looked at Whisper. She shook her head.
‘That wasn’t my doing.’
As she said this the room grew distinctly darker. 
‘Night-time already?’ said Apprentice Indigo, puzzled.
‘It could be another part of this magic,’ said the Sorcerer, who hadn’t moved his eyes from outside.
Those who also looked outside watched as the sun soon rose over town on what would have been a glorious blue-sky day. It traversed quickly on its journey and descended to set behind the forest to the west, whereupon darkness fell once again.
‘It’s like the rest of the world is speeding up,’ said Apprentice Beast.
‘Or we’ve slowed down,’ said the Sorcerer. ‘Either way, someone is dangerously playing with Time.’
It had been what Apprentice Brown had expected. And with it came the hope that they could put the world right and bring back Oxana.
And then before them, in the middle of the Sorcerer’s garden, the most curious object started to appear. The near-circular phenomenon was silver in colour but shimmered and swirled like a rolling cloud. It grew in size until it reached the floor, and was easily over the height of a tall man. There it stayed, folding in towards itself in a mesmerising display. 
Then someone simply stepped from it. It was the figure of a woman; grey-haired, hooked nose, mean stare. She didn’t seem as old as Tabitha or Apprentice Orange. And whether her grey hair was just because all the colour has been drained from the world immediately surrounding the house, was difficult to say. Whatever the circumstances, their foe appeared to be finally revealing herself.
Apprentice Brown stared at the woman. She somehow seemed familiar, and so did the grey swirling cloud. He racked his memory and then various thoughts came to him. The grey cloud he remembered from his first meeting with the Professor. A woman had been there, and she had given a cackle. It was this woman for sure, who must also have controlled the Professor’s dragon and then disappeared through the grey cloud. And her face, he recognised it from Lake Tellus. She had given him a lucky pendant. He gave a sudden gasp and fumbled to take off the pendant which hung round his neck.
The old woman was looking towards him. She gave a wry smile at seeing his urgency, and how he then cast the pendant from the house with a look of disgust.
‘Too late, little hero,’ she mocked. ‘The Time Fog will soon win past this house’s magic. My power is growing.’
Apprentice Brown looked up at his Master. ‘She gave it to me as thanks at Lake Tellus. I didn’t know.’ He was desperate to somehow make amends. ‘Can the dragons help?’ he asked, but not really wanting it to be true.
The Sorcerer looked down at his Apprentice and shook his head, and rested his hand on Apprentice Brown’s shoulder to try to help calm his worries. He then looked outside, his eyes cast towards the statue of Apprentice Red rather than at the witch. Apprentice Brown could tell he was mulling their predicament over.
‘We need Apprentice Grey,’ the Sorcerer said unexpectedly.
Finally taking his eyes from the washed-out world beyond his house, the Sorcerer turned to Apprentices Whisper and Beast.
‘I’ve been teaching you the Art of Words, to cast the Spell of Protect. Please keep watch on this doorway. Try to hold the witch, or her birds, or whatever else she tries to attack with, at bay.’
He looked to Tabitha. His eyes seemed to ask her to keep an eye on the situation. Maybe he was using the Art of Soul to speak to her without words. She gave a nod of understanding. 
He then shifted to Apprentice Orange.
‘I need your help, Apprentice Orange,’ he said.
She looked somewhat surprised at these words.
‘What can an old woman like me do?’ she said.
‘Please, follow me,’ he asked. He then moved to cross the hallway.
‘Can I do anything at all?’ said Apprentice Brown. The Sorcerer’s words about Apprentice Grey played over in his thoughts, along with the guilt of having compromised the house’s magic.
The Sorcerer stopped and smiled at his young Apprentice. ‘Come with us,’ he said. He then ascended the staircase with Orange and Brown in tow, and headed to the bedroom of Apprentice Whisper, once the bedroom of the former Apprentice Blue. Sited at the back of this room was the entrance to the Tower of the Mountain Meadow. They made their way up the tower’s stairs. At the top, the doorway leading to the Mountain Meadow now faced them. The Sorcerer addressed Apprentice Orange.
‘We need to change the course of this doorway. We need it to find Apprentice Grey and I’m confident you can do it, Apprentice Orange, with your control over the Art of Air. With it being linked to the Art of Translocation that my tower’s doors are infused with, I’m sure you can influence their destination. So just focus on Apprentice Grey and where she is. Then ask the doorway to greet her.’
Apprentice Orange just stood there speechless at their Master’s ask.
The Sorcerer responded by lowering himself to the floor, to begin the meditation process. Apprentice Orange understood and did the same, so Apprentice Brown joined them. They went through the familiar routine, closing their eyes and breathing rhythmically.
Several minutes passed, then several more. It felt like an agonising wait. Then the doorhandle of the tower made a sudden noise. Everyone snapped open their eyes and looked up. Before them the door to the Mountain Meadow slowly creaked open.
Misadventure Eighteen – The Keeper of Time
Apprentice Brown stared at the door within the Tower to the Mountain Meadow as it inched open. The view of the meadow had gone, replaced instead by a silvery swirling vortex which shrouded the doorway. The same kind of vortex that the witch had stepped from. And then from this churning cloud steeped a figure into the room. There before them stood Apprentice Grey.
‘Hey Brownie,’ she said with a smile. ‘You miss me?’
Apprentice Brown gave a happy yelp and leapt to his feet. In a single bound he had thrown his arms around her waist. She was taller now, but it was still his Grey. She returned the hug.
The figure of Selmon followed Apprentice Grey through the mist. He registered his surroundings and nodded his respect to the Sorcerer. The Sorcerer and Apprentice Orange rose to their feet, as Apprentice Brown finally let go of Apprentice Grey.
‘There isn’t much time for a happy reunion I’m afraid,’ said the Sorcerer facing Apprentice Grey. ‘Something is amiss with Time, and I believe you have a part to play. Your pendant chose you, did it not?’
Apprentice Grey stood astonished at the Sorcerer knowing such detail of her past. She gave a small nod. She grasped the pendant on the necklace around her neck, but also looked towards Selmon. They could all see he wore a necklace with the same pendant. The Sorcerer frowned.
‘No time to get to the bottom of that one,’ he said. ‘For now, we have a problem with a witch.’
He beckoned them to follow. They all filed down the stairs of the tower, through Apprentice Whisper’s room, across the landing, down the stairs and into the hallway of the Sorcerer’s house. Tabitha and Apprentices Whisper, Beast and Indigo were still there.
‘She hasn’t moved,’ Tabitha said. ‘It’s creepy. She’s waiting for something. Maybe it can’t be long before the fog takes over.’
And then as if Tabitha had predicted it, the room seemed to dull and the colour drained from everything. Everything lost its shine and they found themselves moving slower. But Apprentice Grey took several steps forward. She appeared unaffected by the fog. The others parted so she could see outside. Her eyes met that of the witch, and for the first time the witch’s expression changed, a look of annoyance followed by appearing somewhat uncertain.
Apprentice Grey stepped from the Sorcerer’s house to confront their enemy.
The witch stood her ground and stared with a mean sneer at Apprentice Grey.
‘You’ve grown taller, dear,’ said the witch. ‘Being so high up must be affecting your judgement. Now turn back around like a good little girl.’
Apprentice Grey looked on undisturbed. ‘I fear you no longer,’ she replied, in a calm voice.
The witch gave a scowl and raised her arms. A wind whipped up around her, picking up dust and small bits of debris. The mini tornado then came sailing Apprentice Grey’s way. As it reached Apprentice Grey she vanished before all of their eyes. Everyone looked on with astonishment, including the witch. So whatever had happened wasn’t the witch’s doing.
Apprentice Grey reappeared at another part of the garden. She had a smile on her face. She seemed to be enjoying herself. She disappeared once again.
The witch moved her head in all directions, her eyes hunting for Apprentice Grey’s reappearance. They settled on the pond, as the water within it was starting to bubble up. From it rose a tall column of water. It then took the form of a person, the form of Apprentice Grey but made of water. The watery figure that was Apprentice Grey stepped from the pond and onto the grass. Steam then started to rise from her aqueous body and the water slowly evaporating away. Then in a sudden burst of flames the water and steam were flung asunder. There stood the fire maiden. In the grey surroundings the glowing flames proved to be the only lick of colour, making Grey look all the more striking and fierce.
The molten fire started to cool and harden. It grew darker and gradually solidified until there rested the stone statue of Apprentice Grey. But the stone immediately started to crack and crumble, and from underneath emerged the usual fleshy figure of Apprentice Grey. She smiled again and stared at the witch, challenging her to make her next move. Grey’s display had all been for show; to show off that she was now the master of her own magic and what she was capable of.
The witch continued to scowl and muttered under her breath. From behind her the silvery cloud took shape. The witch stepped back into it and disappeared. The cloud then collapsed in upon itself into nothing.
Those within the Sorcerer’s household watched as Apprentice Grey strode with a casual air over to the spot where the witch had disappeared. She held up her hand as if feeling for the presence of the silvery rift, whilst uttering words to herself. The rift appeared to the astonishment of those onlooking. Then Apprentice Grey stepped in, following the witch. Both she and the rift disappeared.
Those within the house didn’t say anything, but continued to watch and wait. And little by little they noticed the colour returning to their immediate surroundings. Their movement in the fog felt less sluggish until order appeared restored again. Outside, the Sorcerer’s garden flushed with colour once again and the ravens went; here one second and simply vanishing the next.
The Sorcerer stepped from his home. His head turned as his eyes searched for any clues, but didn’t appear to find any. He slowly walked forward, in the direction where Apprentice Grey had vanished. Apprentice Brown hopped after him. The rest of those in the house also followed, some more cautiously than others.
‘Where did she go,’ Apprentice Brown asked of his Master. ‘And what was that cloud?’
The Sorcerer shook his head slightly.
‘A lacunarity, I think,’ he said, and looked down to his little Apprentice. He could see the puzzlement on Apprentice Brown’s face.
‘It’s a portal to another place, like the doorways in my towers. But these ones appear to be different.’
It was at this moment that Selmon interrupted.
‘Another one is coming,’ he said, pointing to another place in the Sorcerer’s garden.
Everyone looked to where he indicated. Sure enough, the strange swirling was forming from nowhere. But this one was different, it had a tinge of blue and white, reminding Apprentice Brown of the crashing waves of the Endless Ocean. It also grew to a much bigger size, almost as big as the house. Everyone kept their distance. Apprentice Brown noticed Selmon tense, as if readying his body to spring into action if danger ensued. But from the lacunarity stepped the figure of Apprentice Grey, and Selmon relaxed. Although she wasn’t alone. Beside her emerged an animal. Apprentice Brown had seen such as animal before on a beach flanking the Endless Ocean. It was a turtle, riding on the lacunarity. But this turtle was far bigger than those Apprentice Brown had seen before. It towered over Apprentice Grey, the height of its shell alone at least twice her height.
The turtle stayed surfing in the entranceway of the lacunarity whilst Apprentice Grey stepped forward and beckoned them over. They all approached with caution and heard the turtle speak, almost to itself, as it looked at each of them.
‘So many interwoven destinies starting to collide. How unusual.’
Apprentice Grey then spoke out to explain the situation.
‘The witch has gone, for now,’ she said. ‘She escaped to another time, so it’s likely she won’t be bothering you again. She was holding the Keeper of Time captive, but I’ve freed it now.’
Apprentice Grey looked behind her at the turtle; the Keeper of Time. It spoke.
‘Yes, I’m ashamed to say I let my guard down.’ It gave a somewhat nervous chuckle. ‘I was administering a time shift and had decided to take physical form, as I am now, which leaves me with certain vulnerabilities.’
Saying this the Keeper of Time shifted form. Apprentice Brown recognised Gonzalez and Apprentice Green. Other people that the Keeper of Time morphed into he had never encountered before, finally settling on a turtle once again.
‘The witch got caught up in the time-shift. It appears she had been playing with the Art of Time; a foolish endeavour that could have resulted in her destruction. She was fortunate enough to fall into my time stream. She then took the advantage and bound me. From there she started to explore how she could use her new situation. But she had one problem.’
It looked down at Apprentice Grey.
‘This young lady, her fate is tied to that of the witch, and she was there to put a stop to her meddling. But the witch stole three of my time pearls. She used one of them to escape. The pearls allow her to choose her destination in time. This young lady must follow and stop her.’
‘No!’ said Apprentice Brown. He didn’t want Apprentice Grey to leave. She had only just returned.
The Keeper of Time looked down to him as if peering into his soul.
‘Boy with the fate of dragons,’ it said. ‘This young lady is not from your time. She must return. As for you, take that Earth Dragon egg by the pond and keep it safe.’
Apprentice Brown’s mouth fell open, somewhat disturbed at being told his fate. Even more disturbed that it was entwined with dragons. He wanted to keep them at distance. But the thought of a dragon egg intrigued him. He knew what object the Keeper of Time referred to, surely the smooth stone Oxana’s father had retrieved from the bottom of the pond.
Apprentice Grey looked up at the Keeper of Time with concern. It seemed to sense what she was thinking.
‘Fear not,’ it said to her. ‘Time is fluid, and the figure you came here seeking is on the right timestream. The order of time is being restored. And you have started to pull yourself away from how others see, or rather don’t see, Time. But that witch is still out there. You are destined to follow her. Your pendant is helping you align with the witch’s time distortions, and yet more is required of you. If you successfully navigate the diverging streams of Time, one day you will return home.’
Apprentice Grey thought for a moment and nodded.
‘Time for me to depart,’ the Keeper of Time said. And saying this it retreated backwards into the Lacunarity, which then disappeared as if it has never been there. 
All eyes turned to Apprentice Grey.
‘Looks like it’s my turn.’ She appeared somewhat unsure. Then she stepped forward and knelt before Apprentice Brown.
‘I have to go for good this time Brownie,’ she said apologetically.
Tears filled both their eyes.
‘I don’t want you to go Grey,’ was all he could say, with a croak in his voice.
‘I’m not Apprentice Grey anymore,’ she said. ‘I’m from a different time. In my time I was enslaved by that witch. Her name is Gertrude. She worked out how to summon the lacunarity. And when she did, time changed; changes that were awful. I came here to help put a stop to what she had undone. It looks like all is safe here, now that the witch is gone. But I need to follow her, to stop her meddling any further. From now on I’m known as Amber once again.’
Amber stood straight and cast her glace to Selmon. They both held a pained look. She opened her mouth to speak but Selmon shook his head.
‘I understand duty, and the sacrifice that comes with it,’ he told her. ‘You are forever sacrificing yourself. Your destiny is waiting, but don’t let that witch control it.’
He knelt before her, took her hand in his and kissed the back of it. Then he rose and stepped back to allow her to say her goodbyes to the rest.
Amber looked upon her friends before her. She gave a smile and a sniff, and wiped away a tear that had begun to roll down her cheek.
‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘I’m going to miss you. I’ve learnt so much. And at last feel in control of my powers. But there’s one last thing I need to do before I go.’
She looked past them. All turned to see her gaze meet the statue in the middle of the Sorcerer’s lawn. She was already strolling over to it with an air of confidence. Everyone followed. Reaching her destination Amber took the hand of the statue that had once been Apprentice Red. She uttered the words. ‘Come back to us. I’m sorry for sending you into the darkness.’
Immediately the colour and texture of Amber’s arm started to change, turning to stone as she drew the curse from Apprentice Red. But this time it didn’t spread across her body and faded away leaving Amber with her arm of flesh and bone. And at the same time the statue before them also underwent a metamorphosis, colour returning to Apprentice Red, until he was that of a person again. He seemed utterly confused, and squinted and blinked as if the world was too bright for him.
Amber started backing away. She smiled at her friends and then started uttering some words they couldn’t hear. Behind her a darkness grew. This lacunarity was darker than the night, with a somewhat sinister edge to it. She knew it was there without looking. She raised her arm to wave a final goodbye to them and then stepped backwards to be consumed by the void, which then vanished after her.
Apprentice Brown ran over. The lacunarity was gone. His Grey had gone. An emptiness lay inside of him. He looked around for comfort. He still has the rest of his friends. And Red was back. And then a call came to his ears. It was a familiar, happy call. He looked down the hill, past the mossy meadow and along the winding road that led into town. There, running up the hill with a glowing smile and waving furiously, was his friend Oxana.

The End

About the Author
David Petrey is an online author. His day job revolves around more mundane tasks of making digital maps where he dreams of being a full-time author. When not writing he is most likely reading, gardening or sighing at the growing pile of videogames he finds no time to entertain. See more of his work at http://www.DestinyIsWaiting.com
 


Other books by this author
Please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by David Petrey:

The quoQuantum Saga
Quantum

The TimeSunder Histories
The Mischief of Apprentice Brown
Forging Amber
The Further Misadventures of Apprentice Brown



Connect with David Petrey
I hope you enjoyed visiting Tellus 

Visit my website:  http://www.DestinyIsWaiting.com 


