The Circle of Sorcerers

Brian Kittrell

Published by Late Nite Books at Smashwords

Copyright 2010 Brian Kittrell


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Connect with the Author
You can easily reach author Brian Kittrell by the various methods described below.

On Twitter:
@Brian_Kittrell
http://www.twitter.com/Brian_Kittrell

On Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/author.BrianKittrell

On the Web:
http://www.latenitebooks.com

On YouTube (author interviews, discussions, and more):
http://www.youtube.com/user/LateNiteBooksDotCom

Through eMail:
brian@latenitebooks.com

Through the Mail:
Late Nite Books
Attn: Brian Kittrell, author
P.O. Box 321
Brandon, MS 39042





Chapter One
A Decision to be Made


The warm summer breeze drifted along the seaside piers lining the harbor of Reven’s Landing. The ocean reflected the beautiful clear skies above, and sparkles danced across the waves out to the horizon. Sorbia, known for its mild summers and forgiving disposition, lay on the east end of the Wayfarer’s Strait, which carried a tepid current most of the year. Even in the depths of winter, the people of the western coast burned less firewood in their hearths than the people of other nations—a fact that instilled a sense of pride in all who lived there.
With Laedron's last summer in Reven’s Landing drawing to a close, the decision of where he would train had weighed heavily on his mind for many days. When the breeze slowed, the back of his neck became hot. His skin had tanned over the years spent along the coast, but he still experienced a period of discomfort when the wind grew still. With his toes dangling in the water below the pier, he ran his fingers through his glistening black locks to clear away the sweat.
He took pleasure in the solitude afforded by the pier, which was, in many ways, a home away from home and a private place where he could relax and think. Though he could see others nearby, few of them ever came to fish the waters there. He joined them in merriment once in a while, but he was there to fish that day. Thrashing about in the water would have to wait for another time, a time when he wasn't so troubled.
Marac approached from behind and sat beside him. “What's bothering you so much lately, Lae?”
“It's hot today.” He glanced at Marac's strong build and tall stature, both traits he often wished for himself.
“No hotter than most, and only for a passing moment. What's really bothering you?”
“I have a decision to make.” He waggled the end of his pole to tempt the fish with his bait. The poor worm on the hook had given up the ghost long ago, forcing Laedron to lure the fish manually.
“I thought you already made it.” Marac rolled his trousers and dropped his feet into the bay. “Morcaine, right?”
“Ma makes a compelling case for Madam Ismerelda.” He tightened his lips and eyed the end of his fishing pole. “I'm not as convinced as she.”
“It's your decision, right? Just tell your ma you're going to Morcaine.”
“It's not quite that easy, you know? Ma says Ismerelda's a much better teacher.” His pole bent in the middle, and he jerked it out of the water.
Marac slapped him on the knee. “My, that's a fine redfish you have there! That'll surely fetch a fine price at the stall.” 
Laedron placed the fish in his wicker basket and wiped his hands on his pants. “Not this time it won't. I've gone fishing for myself today. Ma's had a taste for fish lately, but I've had no luck until just now.”
“Something to soften the blow, eh?” He laughed as he elbowed Laedron. “You know, to let her down easy?”
“I still haven't decided. All the great mages I've ever heard of went to Morcaine, but Ma doesn't have a very high opinion of it,” he said, securing the top of the basket.
Marac shrugged. “I'm sure you'll make the right decision, whichever you choose.”
“I hope so.”
“Oh, Lae, you're such a worrier.” Marac eyed the basket. “You care if I accompany you home? That fish there'd do wonders for my bellyaches.”
Laedron rolled his eyes. “You probably don't want to show your face at the house right now. She's still upset at what happened with Laren over the last few months. They were both in an uproar for nearly a week.”
Marac spoke faster and with a familiar defensiveness in his tone. “It couldn't be helped. You know I care for you and your sister. I care for the whole Telpist family, even your ma, who can't stand me.”
“You let her down hard, Marac. She was heartbroken for a long time after that.” He shifted his weight to get more comfortable, the planks inflicting a dull but constant pain on his lower back.
“I couldn’t help it. She wanted to be married, and I'm just not ready for that yet. I'm only fifteen.”
Laedron didn't speak, choosing instead to exhibit his disdain for Marac’s excuses with a dumbfounded expression.
“Look, you're only a year older than me. If a woman—no matter how fair—were to come to you and say she wanted your hand, what would you do?” Marac asked.
“I'd tell her I couldn't,” Laedron said. “Simple as that, really.”
“The same thing applies to me, doesn't it? I'm Marac Reven, heir to the fortunes of my father Bordric and his holdings. Ours was the first family to settle this land, and I can’t let my family down.” 
Laedron cut Marac’s grand oration short with a temperamental glare. “It's not the same, Marac. You don't have to go and live in seclusion while you spend the next few years of your life in training. Your concerns are drinking from a tall cup and enjoying your nights.”
“So what if I want to live a bit before I'm relieved of my freedom?” He raised his open palms in the air.
“All I'm saying is that we're in two different situations. I'd much prefer staying here with Ma and Laren instead of going to the academy, but I can't. I have to go.”
“It can't be that bad, Laedron. I've never known what sort of things your kind really do, but I'm sure it will be all right. I know Westmarch is a nice place; I've been there several times myself. Morcaine can't be that bad, either. I've heard it’s a wondrous city to visit.”
Laedron looked at him for a few moments before speaking. “Am I really so different from you, Marac?”
He sighed, and his eyes shifted back and forth. “No. You always take such offense when I bring up our differences. They are a bit major, you know?”
Laedron shook his head. “I'm training to become a sorcerer. It's not all that bizarre.”
Marac's eyes widened. “Not bizarre? Only a handful of people born each year are able to wield the very elements!”
“Ma says it's more like two or three dozen, but they don't always find out that they can.” He pulled the fishing pole from the water and set it on the pier. “It can't be that rare. Three of us are living in this tiny village alone.”
“Your ma has the powers. It's going to be strong in you since it came from your blood. That's what everybody says, at least.”
Laedron glanced at his submerged feet and splashed a bit of water. “Sometimes I wonder if I'll make it wherever I choose.”
“You've got real talent. I can see it.” Marac swatted him on the back. “You'll do fine.”
Laedron nodded and rolled his shoulder from the sting of the slap. “Fate will do as it will.”
“Of course. Come on, let's go back. You've got your fish there. Sitting out here is just avoiding what you can't change.”
“Maybe I want to avoid it.”
“Well, that's obvious, but it's not going to make it any better. Come along. Let's go have a cup of tall stout on the side street.”
Laedron stood and threw his pole over his shoulder. With the basket in hand, he followed Marac along the dirt pathway that led to the village. Drifting on the ever-present breeze, the scent of the blooming honeysuckle crossed the wooded trail, and the haze of dust and pollen fluttered between the trees.
“I never get tired of that smell.” Marac took a deep breath through his nose. “I know you'll miss being here in Reven’s Landing, but I'm sure you'll be back to visit sometime.”
“Don't count on it. No matter how much I'd like to return, there are no promises. I'll miss you, Marac.”
“Oh, don't talk like that. You'll have to come back someday,” Marac said. “Maybe when your training is over, you can visit us little people.”
“We'll see,” he replied with a heavy heart.
“You need not be so bitter, Laedron Telpist. You're venturing off in the wide world and leaving the simple pleasures of our little town behind.”
“It's my home, Marac. I'd be perfectly content to stay here and live.”
“No, you're not the type. When we were children, you always spoke of strange lands far beyond the foothills of our homely country. Now, you get to live that dream.”
“Those were just stories,” Laedron said. “I'm not so sure the outside world is as glorious and amusing as it once seemed.”
“You'll make do. Your family always does.” Marac smiled.
His words were never truer. It was a known fact throughout the town that Ma Telpist, known as Filadrena by her contemporaries, was once a powerful sorceress. The townsfolk always saw her as a kind person, though. Although known to insult a high-riding nobleman when she deemed it necessary, Filadrena never knew an enemy amongst the commoners, and many of the people of Reven’s Landing even knew her as a friend.
His father, Wardrick Telpist, died when Laedron was but a small child. Laedron could barely remember his face, let alone anything else about him. Squarely between a commoner and a noble, Wardrick had been appointed as the Bannor of the village, an administrator of sorts, by the king, and Filadrena inherited the title when he passed. All of what Laedron knew about the man had been passed down through stories. A large portrait of him hung in their common room, but Laedron could glean little detail or personality from a mere painting; his heart longed to have met his father and to have truly known him.
Arriving first at the side-street counter, Marac glanced at the bartender with a wide grin. Being nothing more than a few planks nailed to some supporting posts, the counter was a long, simple table with stools placed along the roadway where passersby could obtain refreshment. After serving another patron a tall mug, Calvert approached them. “You've brought a friend today, Marac? Is that the Telpist boy?”
Marac laughed, climbing onto a stool. “Yes, it's the archmage himself, in the flesh.”
Calvert smiled and looked at Laedron. “Ah, yes. I don't see much of you these days. How is the Bannorette?” Calvert always used Laedron’s mother’s royal title, even though the rest of the town didn’t.
“She's well, thank you.” Laedron smiled with appreciation. Regardless of the fact that he didn’t really know or care much for Calvert, Laedron treated people with kindness. 
“And you?” Calvert asked. “Marac's told me you'll be going to train soon.”
“Yes. I haven't decided where yet.” Laedron shrugged. “I’m down to two options—Morcaine or Westmarch.”
“That's good.” Calvert took a mug from the rack. “What can I get you? I already know Marac's desire.”
“I'll have a tall one of your honeysuckle cider, my good man,” Marac said, interrupting Calvert when he reached for the ale keg.
Laedron watched him with an eyebrow raised. “Honeysuckle cider? Not your usual fare.”
“I've grown fond of the stuff. You should try it before you leave. It's one of a kind.”
“Fine, yes. I'll have one, too.” He put the basket containing the redfish on the bar and leaned his pole against an empty stool.
With a pleasant scent and a splash against the rim, the steins landed before them. Everything from the side-street stand was distributed in large mugs, regardless of style, tradition, or want. It couldn't be argued by any of the townsfolk that you didn't get enough from ol’ Calvert; he was sure to give each customer a generous portion of whichever brew they fancied, which was the source of Laedron’s dislike—his refilling of Marac’s glass to excess. Though the selling of drink was the bartender’s specialty and lifeblood, Marac would be better served if Calvert stopped the flow of liquor when he became reckless.
The stall's proximity to the fish market was the only unpleasant feature of the place. Across the heat wafted a pungent aroma at random times of the day, and Calvert remarked how he lodged complaints with the town elders each time a customer would fuss. Forgiving as it was, the breeze would often come through strong and frequently enough to relieve the patrons and allow them to drink in peace.
The cider crossed his lips and excited his tongue. It had both a dainty and spicy flavor, a contradiction to its pleasant and subtle scent. He sipped it in a slow, deliberate manner, but Marac was unafraid to gulp it by the mouthful.
Concerned over Marac’s behavior, Laedron waited for him to stop. “You're taking it a bit fast, aren't you?”
“Ah, you're such a worrier, Lae. Anything fine should be enjoyed in quantity and at whatever speed you prefer.” Marac raised his mug high.
“I'm afraid the drink will be the death of you is all.”
“You have to live a little, my friend. Life's short, but you can make your nights longer.” He put his arm around Laedron's shoulder and drew him close. “Maybe you wouldn't have a problem with the womenfolk if you spent less time at your studies.”
When Calvert approached another patron at other end of the counter, Laedron whispered, “Why you insist on pressing the issue, I’ll never know. And I don't have problems with womenfolk.”
“It worries me, Lae. That’s all. I’ve just never seen you court anyone before.” Despite Laedron’s whispering, Marac spoke at a normal volume, seeming not to care who might overhear them.
Laedron gave Marac a forthright glare, barely containing his impatience. “You know how busy I am with my studies, and I would appreciate it if you wouldn’t bring such things up in public.”
Marac’s happy face changed to a serious one. “I've said nothing to anyone else, Lae.” 
Other people walking the roads eyed the pair, and Laedron whispered, “No, but your voice is carrying to the nearby streets.”
“I'm sorry, but it's true, isn't it? You're well into your sixteenth year now, and you haven't met anyone you enjoy being with for long. You're a handsome lad as the average goes, so that can't be what's holding you back.”
“Let me worry about whether or not I will, won't you? It's not your concern, Marac.”
“You're my close friend and always have been. If I don't worry about you, who will? You don't seem to be upset about it.”
“And what cause do I have to be upset? It's not like I'll wither away and die if I don't, and who’s to say there’s not plenty of time left for such things?”
As quick as the question crossed Laedron's lips, Marac replied, “Just about everybody.” 
“And it's none of their concern, either!” Laedron slammed his palm onto the bar.
“You've got passion in you, that's clear and can't be denied, but you use it all up on your studies. You could be using it in darkened halls with a busty maid at your lips.”
“It's not passion. It's concentration, Marac. Anyone can conjure magic, it just takes focus. Even you could do it, if you could stop drinking long enough to try.”
“Concentration or passion, whichever it is, could be equally applied to a fair mistress,” Marac said with a certain flair. “No, magic isn't something that any old fool can perform. I don't agree with you there.”
Yearning to talk about something other than busty maids and the throws of ecstasy, Laedron tried to change the subject. “Some are just better at performing it. The possibility is in everyone, but not everyone will give it a chance. I can agree it's not easy, but it’s certainly possible.”
“Well, I leave it to you, my friend. Perhaps you'll be gifted enough for the both of us.”
Laedron shook his head. “Maybe Ma is right about the whole thing.”
“Oh, yeah?” Marac asked. “And what does she have to say about it?”
“It's not the people who have a birthmark or a funny look in their eye, she says. It's everyone. Everyone can do magic, but only a few born each year have the will to pursue it.”
Marac took another mighty swig from his stein. “I certainly can't argue with what your ma says. She's the most gifted sorceress I've ever heard of. She's the only one I've ever met, too.”
“You know Laren, don't you? Or have you forgotten about her already?” asked Laedron.
Marac laughed. “Laren's no sorceress, though.”
“She will be. She's as much a mage as you're a miller, as much as Calvert's a purveyor of fine liquors,” Laedron said, garnering a smile from the bartender.
“True, perhaps. I don't like to think of her that way,” Marac said. “She's not a sorceress in my eyes.”
“As if it's a bad thing?”
“No, Lae. You're always getting the wrong impression. It's just different, and I don't like to think of her as being different from other girls.”
Laedron raised an eyebrow. “It sounds to me like you still have feelings for her.”
“Of course I still care for her.” He paused, and Laedron could tell something was on his mind. “I can't talk about it, Lae.”
“You used to be able to tell me anything. What's changed, Marac?”
He carried a reluctance in his voice. “Not this. I'm sorry.”
“Fine, keep your secrets. I'll keep mine better next time, too,” he said.
Marac sighed and tilted his head. “The real reason I couldn't see Laren anymore is that she's going to training soon herself.”
Putting his mug on the bar, Laedron crossed his arms. “I suspect my mother's hand in that.”
“Please don't tell her, Laedron. Don't tell her I told you anything about it.”
“Ease yourself,” he said, taking Marac by the shoulder. “I won't say a word, but I want to know why.”
“Laren wanted to be married, and I wanted it, too. I do love your sister, Lae. I really do.”
Laedron narrowed his eyes, and Marac continued, “We can't be married. Not now, at least.”
“Why not?”
“The training and our business. Our parents agree it wouldn’t be best.”
“What do you think, Marac? You're almost of age. Like my situation, is it not your decision?”
Locking his eyes on the bottom of his mug, Marac seemed to have trouble finding his words. “It's fine, Lae... Really, it is. The training's important to her.”
Not wanting to upset Marac any further, he tried to change the subject once more. “How is the miller doing? Still contemptuous and unabiding?”
Marac exhaled deeply, as if the pressure of the recent discourse was suddenly released. “His back is always aching these days. He said it was from an old injury early in his business, and he tells me that he's glad I'm finally coming of age to take it over for him.”
“You've been working in the mill since we were young. I don't see you having a problem keeping it up.”
“No, I'll be fine. It won't be anything like the adventures you shall have, I'd wager.”
“We'll see, won't we? Anyhow, I've lingered here long enough.” He reached into his pocket and produced a silver coin.
“I'll pay for it, Lae. No worries.” 
“You don't have to. I can cover it.” Laedron offered the coin to him, taking the basket and fishing pole in his other hand. 
Marac waved his hand. “Take it as a gift from a friend.”
“Very well. A gift from a friend, then. Thank you for everything, Marac.”
Laedron extended his hand, and Marac took it firmly. “No matter what may come, never forget that we’ll be friends. You’re the closest thing I’ve ever had to a brother, Lae. And I’m sorry if I upset you earlier.”
“No worries. I appreciate everything your family has done for us, and I’ll never forget any of it.”
Finishing the last sip of his stein, Marac wiped his mouth on his shirt sleeve. “Will I see you tomorrow?”
“Likely not, I’m afraid. I’ve already promised Laren I’d help her with her magic.”
“Then I’ll see you the day after.”
Turning away, Laedron walked along the road toward his house on the outskirts of the village. Each step brought back memories he had visited a thousand times before. Passing a familiar fork in the road, his eyes traced the old oak tree he and Marac had once transformed into a fortress against his sister. That same tree was the only witness to the first time Marac and Laren had kissed some years later, an event that had drawn Laedron’s ire at the time. Even though the wooded pond beyond the tree was where he had almost drowned two summers ago, he remembered it as the spot he and Marac had pledged to be brothers forever.
His mind drifted between the two possibilities before him—Morcaine or Westmarch. The prestigious academy of Morcaine was the most tempting, the splendor of massive spires and studied professors harnessing him from a mere country boy into a mighty sorcerer whose powers exceeded even his own expectations. Wanting him to attend more private study with Madam Ismerelda of Westmarch, his mother prodded him on an almost daily basis, espousing the importance of intimacy and close attention from a teacher.
As his feet fell still, he thought of his childhood. When he was small, that old tree had marked the farthest he had ever been from home, the farthest he was allowed to go, too. He crossed the field to the tree and found the spot where he and Marac had carved their initials. Even though the wood beneath had become worn and rotten from exposure, the familiar “L T” and “M R” were still apparent. While he ran his finger through the cuts, his thoughts returned to those distant summer days when everything had been simpler. Those careless days weren't soon forgotten, and he remembered them vividly.



Chapter Two
Ismerelda's Command


Laedron arrived home after what seemed like an eternity, his mind drifting through the tapestry of his life. Ma was outside sweeping the dust from the porch as he approached. She always cursed the winds for stirring the soil and disturbing her clean surfaces, but she was quick to be thankful when it cooled the kitchen in the hottest months.
Most of the houses around Reven’s Landing consisted of dirt floors and light wood frames, but his family was fortunate to have a quality home. Even in the hottest months, the flagstones flooring the place were often cool to the touch and gave a pleasurable feeling to the feet following a day's labors. After investing most of his money on materials, his father had built a home of strong timbers and stone for his family.
Laedron had planned on telling his mother that his mind was made up and he wanted to attend Morcaine, but seeing her caused him to have doubts that she would take the news well. His heart sinking, he approached the house. It wasn't difficult to imagine the prospect of never seeing the front of his house again; at least, not for a very long time. 
Ma looked up as he drew closer. “Lae, good to see you, my son. Any luck today?” she asked, sweeping the remaining dirt from the planks of the porch.
“Yea, Ma. I caught a nice-sized redfish.” He raised the basket for her inspection.
With a rub of her stomach, she quivered with delight. “Oh, I can taste it already. A pinch of salt, a squeeze of lemon, and that fish will be quite fine, I'd say. Come along, bring it in, and we'll fillet it.” After leaning the broom against the wall, she led the way inside. “Let's see this mighty catch, then.”
Placing the basket on the kitchen counter, he opened it. “It should be plenty for us. Laren doesn't care for fish.”
“Yes, that girl will never gather any meat to her bones if she eats only greens from the garden. I can't convince her otherwise, though. She's as stubborn as your father was, rest his soul.”
He nodded. “Do you need me to do anything for you, Ma?”
“I'm fed up with this blasted heat, and the breeze hasn't been coming in strong through this end today. Could you fetch us some lemons and sage from the garden?”
Burning in the back of his mind, the decision begged to be uttered, but he wanted to wait for a better time. “Yeah.” 
“Lae, when you come back, could you pick through the larder for some salt?”
“Yes, Ma,” he said, opening the back door of the house and stepping through.
His mother maintained a large garden compared to many others in the township. Not only was it wide and bountiful, it held a number of different fruits and vegetables—even ones uncommon to the region or from distant countries. Having traveled the world over, Filadrena had taken extra time in the places she had visited to collect things she favored. The lemons came from a country called Qal'Phamet far to the south and across the sea, and they were more bitter than the local breed. Dinner guests often commented that the taste of seafood was brought up more than only a meager sum with the application of his Ma’s lemons and spices.
Had she been of the enterprising sort, Filadrena Telpist could have made a profitable business from her assortment of herbs, spices, and other flora, but she was content to give away a few things here and there, instead. Perhaps that was why the townsfolk continued to provide the customary tribute due to bannors of the realm, even though not required by law.
“Collect some Wildertea while you're at it,” she yelled from the kitchen window.
He grimaced as he looked at the Wildertea plant. Pods containing black seeds, grainy and fragile, hung from its limbs. When boiled in water, the seeds dissolved, and the resulting mixture was imbibed as a fine tea. He didn't enjoy it without a flavoring, though, as the natural taste was abrupt and heavy; sweetening his tea with a sprig of Meriwether had become a habit, and he readily found a mature bud on the vine.
By the time he returned, his ma was well into the task of filleting the fish and making it ready for the oven. After placing the fish on a baking platter, she sliced the vegetables into small bits with precision. The lemons came next, then she added a variety of fragrant herbs and spices.
“Thank you, my boy,” she said as he handed her the items from the garden. “I see you picked a bit of Meriwether to go in yours.”
“Yeah, Ma. It's quite bitter by itself.” His face contorted as he remembered the taste.
“I bet you'll grow into it one day. Fetch your sis.”
“Where is she?”
“She's off by the creek practicing her spells again. Girl's as secretive as any mage I've ever seen.”
He recalled a certain incident where a fire had been found to be the cause of some missing drapes from an upstairs room of the house. “Should I be worried?”
“No, the lesson from last week's mistake should be well-remembered by now.”
Dipping his head, he walked out the back door of the cottage. Laren was still considered a neonate by the standards of a mage. She still practiced lesser magic and had trouble grasping the concepts she needed to proceed to a proper academy. At thirteen, she should have been more advanced, but her shortcomings notwithstanding, she had the drive and spirit to keep with her studies. Nonetheless, he was afraid for her future. If she couldn't master the most basic of incantations, she'd never be granted entry into any of the Sorbian mage schools.
He traversed the brush and thickets that lay between his home and the nearby creek. Practicing her spells in the peace and solitude of nature was her custom, a preference neither Laedron nor Filadrena encouraged. If she couldn't use her magic in busy or distracting places such as a mage school, she wouldn't stand a chance, no matter how much she tried. Seeming to ignore their advice for the time being, she trained how she wanted; she once explained her plan, which involved mastering spellcraft on her own without interference until she was ready.
Approaching the creek, he spied her standing near the water's edge. Her auburn curls fluttered with the breeze and fell over her blue eyes before being tucked away. As he watched, he found her technique to be sluggish and haphazard; the pronunciation of the charm was off by an octave and a syllable, and she didn’t maintain a tight grasp on her wand. Though he wanted to correct her, he resisted; in his mind, to interfere without giving her an opportunity to try would do nothing to benefit her. With bated breath, he waited to see what would happen next.
Her skirt was damp at the bottom, the probable cause being a misstep that had sent her into the shallows of the creek. Her blouse was besmirched by a few scorch marks, likely from carelessness and the flailing of her arms. If he hadn't known any better, he would have guessed she was a common laborer who had gone through an unfortunate accident with a lantern.
She waved the wand and stammered through an incantation, and a fizzle of electric energy bolted from the end of her wand and dissipated as quickly as it had been created. Taking her stance again and narrowing her eyes as if she were facing off against some unseen enemy, she waved the wand in a tighter motion and invoked the proper wording with a confident articulation. A bolt of lightning shot out across the still water of the creek. Sparks and smoke filled the air, and a tree limb dropped to the ground.
She gasped in surprise. Laedron's eyes grew wide at the spectacle, as well. He had never seen Laren perform a spell so well, and it was an advanced spell, at that. Even with his knowledge and experience, he didn't think he could cast such magic with the resulting effect.
Walking out from the thicket, he said, “That was some fine work, Laren.”
She turned in his direction but lowered her shaking hand when she caught sight of him. “Thanks, Lae. How long have you been watching?”
So as not to break her confidence, he omitted the truth. “I just walked up as I heard the bolt. And a fine bolt it was!”
“Thank you, brother. Has Ma sent you after me?”
“How did you know?”
“You have that look on your face. Besides, the only time you come and get me from down here is when she calls.”
Even though he didn't agree with her methods, he decided it was better to let her practice. The only way she'd ever become an admitted mage would be through 'finding her way to the magic,' as his mother called it. Having witnessed her recent display, he was impressed with her ability to conjure a spell greater than he could, though he wondered what had instilled those newfound skills in her.
“I didn’t want to disturb you, sis, but Ma’s wanting us both back. You and I both know you’ll need all the practice that you can get if you're to be going to school in a few years.”
She gathered her cloak and other belongings from the ground. “I know, but I can't practice with others watching.”
Leading the way through the copse, he held a branch high enough for her to pass beneath it. “You have to get over that if you're going to the schools. They don't have time for insecurities there.”
“That's why I train, dear brother. I train so I won't feel embarrassed, so I won't fail as often.”
“Each has his own way,” he said. “You'll have to find yours in time.”
“Now you're talking like Ma, Lae. Did she say what she wanted?”
“For supper. I caught a redfish this afternoon, and she's at the house cleaning it up for us now.”
“Oh, redfish. I can't really say I'm excited at the prospect.”
“I got lucky at the pier. It's a healthy one, to boot. She's busy preparing some vegetables for you to pick through, so you won't be forced to eat the fish tonight.”
Though eager to discuss the matters between her and Marac, he kept things to himself. Approaching the cottage a few minutes later, Laedron observed a pillar of gray smoke rising from the chimney, and the smell of burning maple permeated the air. The mere idea of redfish sliding down his throat enticed him to pick up speed.
Upon entering the house, Laren was quick to tell her mother of her training session. “I did it, Ma! I cast lightning!”
Filadrena glanced at both of them with a curious eye. “Lightning? You must be talking about a flash-bolt.”
“No, she shot a bolt of lightning. It severed a limb from the big maple by the creek.”
She looked over at her daughter with a sense of amazement. “So, you can call the lightning now, can you, girl?”
Laren was exuberant and, for a first in a long time, confident about her magic. “Yes, Ma! I'm finally learning!”
“I never taught you that spell. Have you been reading my tomes again?”
She glanced at every corner of the room. “No, Ma. I'd never read your tomes without your permission.”
“If you've been reading those tomes, you’d best tell me now, Laren. The conjurations in those pages aren't for young mages. They're far too dangerous.”
“No, ma'am. I swear it.” Waving her hands, she shook her head in denial.
“Where did you learn about them, then, if not from one of my tomes?” Filadrena didn’t seem to care that a pot of potatoes was close to boiling over.
“I must've accidentally done the lightning.” Her head sank as she spoke, her confidence obviously waning.
Looking down her nose at the girl, Filadrena maintained a firm expression, but then relaxed and let out a sigh. Stepping to Laren's side, she wrapped her arms about her. “I don't want you getting into those tomes and getting yourself in trouble. Even fourth-years shouldn't be reading pages the likes of those.”
“Yes, ma'am.” Laren rested her head on her mother's arm. “I wouldn't disobey you, especially not when it comes to the tomes.”
Ma kissed Laren’s forehead and released her. “The words for lightning are similar to those of the flash-bolt. Go wash up for supper, you two. It's almost ready.”
After changing clothes and washing up, Laedron went toward the end of the upstairs hallway, but he paused when he reached his mother's room, noticing Laren standing inside with her back to the door.
Entering the room, he remained silent. He felt it his obligation as a big brother to spy on his younger sister without her knowledge. As he crept through the room and around the bed, he saw an old book in her hands.
“You’ve been reading Mother's tomes after all?” he asked. “Are you mad, girl?”
She dropped the heavy book, and the thud reverberated through the floor as it struck. Her eyes wide with shock, Laren stared at him.
“What's going on up there?” Filadrena asked from below.
“Please don't tell,” Laren said, putting her hand in his.
Giving her a long, stern look, he turned his head toward the door. “Tripped on the board again.” Laren smiled at his lie.
“I'm nailing it down for good today!” his mother said. “Can't have my kids breaking their necks on it.”
“Thank you,” Laren said with a sigh.
“Thank you? That's all you can say?” Laedron picked up the book from the floor and flipped through the pages. “I’m not in the habit of lying to Ma, and you shouldn’t be, either.”
“I'm trying to do better. I got tired of trying the basic spells, so I started looking into Ma's books. Those are easier than the simple incantations.”
He gazed at her with disapproval. “We have to have a foundation in magic before we can move on to things such as this, Laren. We're supposed to practice with safe magic until we go for our training.”
“I know, and I'm sorry. I just want Mother to be proud. That's all.”
He bobbed his head agreeably, knowing exactly what she meant and how she felt at that very moment. “All right. Let’s go down and have a nice supper, and tomorrow, we’ll practice.”
She smiled. “I’ve been looking forward to it all week.” 
“Me,too,” he said, trying to hide his begrudging attitude about the proposition. “It will be my pleasure.”
They joined Filadrena in the kitchen not long afterward to find the stovetop and oven working at full capacity.
“Everything turn out all right?” Filadrena asked, passing plates to them.
“What?” Laedron asked fearfully, but then he realized what she meant. “Oh, yes. Stubbed my toe on it, but it'll be fine.”
“Your father built this house with great care, but we had to expect some problems over the years,” Filadrena said. “Nothing stands forever without a quirk or a need for repairs to be made.”
Having glimpsed the pages of her secret books, Laedron became curious. “Ma, what else is in the tomes?”
“High magic, my boy.”
“Am I old enough to look upon the pages?” he asked with longing.
“No, you're not ready for such magic. A simple mistake when dealing with high magic is enough to destroy you outright, and not in any pleasant way, I might add.”
Taking a seat on a dining chair, he sighed. “How long do you think it will take before I can do magic like that?”
“Some are never able to get to that point, Lae. In those pages lie the most powerful of all incantations. Only a mage learned in all the ins and outs of spells can hope to safely read those books.”
“What happens to the ones who aren't ready?” he asked, resting his arms on the table.
“They usually meet their ends very quickly. Magic can turn on those who wield it carelessly. The First Mage teaches us temperance with magic, and we must obey.”
After pausing for a while, he stared at his boots with his arms folded across his chest. “I've made up my mind.”
“Have you now? And what have you decided?” she asked, her eyes widening.
“Morcaine.”
“Morcaine is nice, my boy. Its spires stretch into the sky, but nice doesn't always mean best. Ismerelda's the best, the best by far.”
“How do you know that, Ma? Have you ever met her before?”
Her eyes shifted and twitched. “Met her? Why, yes. I've met her on occasion.”
“Is there something you're not telling me?” Laedron asked.
Wiping her hands with a scrap of cloth, she sat beside him. “I didn't want to tell you, but I also trained under Ismerelda.”
“You? That was over thirty years ago! How can that be? Why didn't you tell me before?”
“I didn't want our past interfering with your training.”
“Is that why you want me to study from her instead of attending Morcaine?”
“At least one of our family must train with Ismerelda. It's always been the way.”
His finger traced the contours of the sturdy oak table. “I'm choosing Morcaine. The tradition will have to be broken or left to Laren.”
With a deep sigh and a shrug, she said, “I'm afraid not. We can’t leave the responsibility to your sister.”
“What do you mean, Ma?” he asked. “It's my choice, isn't it?”
“Your application didn't make it to the headmaster at Morcaine. Only the one to Ismerelda was ever sent.”
“What?” He stood and stared at her. “What happened to it?”
“I burned it, Lae.”
“Burned it?” He felt the heat of anger in his face, and he balled his fists.
“Laedron Telpist, you will sit and listen to me!” Rising to her feet, she looked him in the eyes with a fire of her own. He knew she was serious, and he sat on his chair again and closed his mouth.
“I'm sorry, son. I've been stressed lately with you leaving soon. Laren won't be far behind you, and I'll be all alone. It's not easy seeing your children grow up.”
He took a deep breath and tried to compose himself. “I thought the choice was mine. Why, Ma? Why would you keep me from going to Morcaine if that’s what I wanted?”
She took her seat beside him and placed her hand on his. “It's our place in the world, Laedron. The first in every generation of our entire family has trained under the regnant magister of Westmarch. It's our family's tradition, one I don't intend to break now. Not in times such as these.”
“I don't understand. How can Ismerelda be better than all of the mages of Morcaine? She's just one woman.”
“Don't doubt her, Laedron. Never doubt her. Do we doubt Azura? She was just one woman, too.”
“She's a legend, though. No one ever built a church to honor Ismerelda.”
“Now you're just talking out of your head. You have to learn to listen, and you should never underestimate anyone. Ismerelda's a great sorceress.”
“Fine, Mother. You won't hear any more complaining from me about it. If you want her to teach me, then I'll go there.” Although the idea ripped his heart, he knew he wasn't going to dissuade his mother from the proposition, and it was far too late to prepare a new application for Morcaine. Determined to see him train in Westmarch, she had sealed his fate in the nearby fire pit.
She patted him on the knee as she stood. “Good. I think you're worrying too much about it. She's a good teacher and an excellent mage if you'll just give her the chance and your time.”
He nodded, but frustration still clouded his mind. “I don't understand why you never told me of these traditions before.”
“You’re the first one to ever choose Morcaine over Westmarch. All of our ancestors chose Westmarch without question,” she said, her voice carrying a kind note. “Can you trust me this time, son? Give her a chance, and I really think you'll be impressed with her many abilities.”
“Very well.” They exchanged an easier smile. “I'm sorry for getting angry, Ma.”
Stroking his raven locks, she nodded and patted his hand. “It's all right. No harm done, my boy. Let's just enjoy this supper you've brought us.”
Staring into the fireplace, he remembered how he had been intimidated by Morcaine and felt some sort of relief in not being judged against so many other students. Perhaps Ma’s right, after all, he thought.
After helping their mother move the meal to the table, Laren took a seat to his left, and they partook in the splendorous sights and smells of the meal before them.
“I think we should thank the Creator for the meal this time.” Filadrena sat and reached across the table. Laedron and Laren joined hands with her and then with one another.
It was a common practice amongst mages to worship the recognized god of creation, known simply as the Creator. Whereas Heraldans would worship Azura as they did the creator, the mages did not; they respected her, but they did not worship her. When she deemed necessary, Filadrena would call for prayer to the Creator for goodness, blessings, and aid. Their religion differed in many ways from the Heraldans, and the tenets of their faith were considered blasphemous by those who didn’t practice magic.
Closing his eyes, he listened to their mother's prayers. She asked for the Creator to continue to protect the family and guide them, and she gave thanks for the bountiful harvests, the healthy and productive fruit trees, hearty vegetables, and all of the other gifts she attributed to the work of the heavens. She ended the prayer with, “Creator be praised.” He and Laren repeated the phrase.
They all delighted in the first course: a fresh garden salad picked with great care earlier in the day. Next came the redfish with a steamed vegetable medley seasoned with fresh lemons, pepper, and sea salt. Though she refused the fish, Laren was fast to fill her platter with every sort of vegetable available. 
When they finished eating, Laedron noticed a worried expression burdening his mother’s features. “Is anything bothering you? You seem troubled.”
She placed her folded hands in her lap. “I hate to see you go, my boy. It will only be a matter of time before Laren leaves the nest, too. I'll miss my children.”
“We won't stay gone forever, though. We'll come back to visit from time to time.”
She choked on her tears but kept her composure. “Don't you worry about your old ma. You do what you’re supposed to do. You go out into the world and make something of yourself, my boy.”
“I don't want you to feel sad, though.”
“You always knew my heart, Lae. Ever since you were a small boy, you could tell my feelings.” She paused, then smiled and placed her hand on his. “Who knows? When Laren goes to her training, maybe I'll travel a while and see the world again. This time, I’ll be more experienced, that's for sure!”
He returned her smile. Seeing his mother in such a sad state was disheartening, but his training was a necessity to continue the family tradition, to carry on their line. Laren's was a part of that tradition, also. It would be unnatural for there not to be a studied mage in the Telpist family, but following the path laid before them was difficult nonetheless.
Laren shrugged. “Maybe we could put off my training for a while?” 
“No, that Reven boy already tried to delay your training for long enough. No, you'll go to your school, and you'll be out seeing the world.”
Feigning ignorance, Laedron said, “What do you mean? I thought Marac broke things off between you.” 
Filadrena wiped her nose and turned to him. “No, it wasn't to be. Laren's training is much more important than resolving to be a simple wife in a tiny village.”
“He told me he didn't want to be married yet, that he was too young.”
“Well, that's the half of it. I talked with Bordric about the situation, and we both came to conclusion that Laren and Marac weren’t to be betrothed.”
“Can you make decisions for her like that? What if she feels differently? How do you feel about it, Laren?”
Filadrena spoke before Laren. “It was decided by everyone involved, Lae. All of us thought it would be better if they didn’t commit to wed so hastily. Even Laren.”
“She's right, brother. I must finish my training before I decide to settle with a man. The training is more important.”
“And Marac was all right with this line of thinking?” he asked, already knowing the answer.
With a sustained nod and a matter-of-fact tone, Ma said, “Of course, my son. He enjoys the night life and his drink, so why would he disagree?”
“Do you think that his recent turn to drinking and being out all night might have something to do with this decision? Perhaps he's trying to deal with it in the wrong way because he truly loves her?”
“We're mages, Laedron. We have to make difficult decisions sometimes, and not everyone understands the reasons.”
“Perhaps I'm just stubborn, Ma. Maybe I don't see how it could be any better keeping two people apart who love each other in favor of traditions. I'm going to train, so the tradition will continue forward. Doesn't that mean Laren could pursue her own path?”
“It's my decision as much as it is Ma's and Bordric Reven's. I want to continue my learning, Lae. There's no need to talk about it further,” Laren said.
“All right, sis. If you tell me it was as much your decision as everyone else's, then I'll never worry about it again.”
“Thank you. And thank you for dinner, Ma. It was amazing. I'm going to bed.”
“Good night, Laren,” Filadrena said, kissing her forehead as it was presented.
He stood and gathered the dishes as was his nightly duty. Without another word, he piled them in the sink, pumped water from the crank, and started scrubbing.
“One day, I hope you'll understand all of this, Lae,” his mother said, her voice sinking to a whisper.
“Oh, I understand it. I just don't know if I agree with it. You taught us the only destiny we have is the one we make for ourselves.” He gave her a stern look.
“This is a little different. It's a matter of having the tools to live whatever kind of life you choose. The training is what gives you those tools. Whatever choices you make after are yours.”
Laedron shook his head in contempt. “And what if Laren's happier path was with Marac? What if she comes back all those years later, and he's married to another?”
“If Marac loves Laren as much as he says, he can wait for her. I'm not pushing this upon her. I know you think I am, but I'm not.”
“Given the fact their relationship was broken up as a result of these conversations, I'd say you and Mr. Reven had a part to play in the decision. Had it been left to go without interference, they might have been married before the end of the fall.”
Filadrena’s shoulders drooped, and her head tilted downward. “You must think me a bad person.”
“No, Ma. I don't think you're a bad person. I'm worried about Marac.”
“He's as grown as you, son. He has his choices, and you have yours. Just as I can't force Laren or Marac to do one thing over another, you can't, either. We gave them our minds as concerned parents, and they made the decision.”
“Well, they'll never see each other again, not after she leaves town.”
“Not so fast, Laedron. Did I never tell you the story of how I met your father?”
He thought for a few moments. “No, I don't think it ever came up.”
“A fine lad he was, for a Heraldan.” She laughed. “I see a lot of him in you, in your handsome looks and tall stature. He shows in you when you're stubborn and hotheaded, too, that's for sure. We knew each other since we were children, you know?”
“In Westmarch?” he asked, scrubbing the last of the plates as if they were the cause of his frustrations.
“Aye, indeed. I was with Ismerelda when I met him, a girl of only fifteen. Mages were few and far between in those days, and we trained younger. Your father was the page of the bannor.”
“I didn't know mages mixed with common people while in training. I thought we'd be under lock and key.”
“Different days, my boy. The rules have changed since then, and that's not to say they won't be broken, either. He was dashing, slightly older than me, but brash and undeterred. He would always bring me fresh fruits, which he barely had the money to afford.”
Following her to the lounge, he sat next to her on the plush velveteen sofa, and she recounted the days of her youth with a hopeful look in her eyes Laedron didn't often see. “Our fledgling romance went on for years until I was graduated. I was assigned to Morcaine to assist with matters there, but we always promised one another that we'd meet again.”
She rarely spoke of the past, and Ma’s words had ignited a spark of curiosity within him. “What happened then?”
“I went to Morcaine, of course. I couldn't disregard my duties, and I stayed in that city for nearly five years before I was released to go on my own. The pay was quite impressive, so I took the time to travel to distant lands. There are some astounding and extraordinary things beyond these borders, I can tell you that!”
He sipped his tea as he listened, stirring it with the sprig of Meriwether. “When did you return?”
“I spent a few years abroad, and after I realized that I'd gotten myself into plenty of mischief elsewhere, I came home to Westmarch. That's when I found that your father had become the bannor of this bannorn. Being impressed, I went for a visit.”
She scratched her chin. “I figured he'd married by then, an impressive bannor with family and wealth. Well, the first thing he said to me was, 'I've been waiting for you.' He recognized me as soon as I walked into his office.”
“He courted me, and we were wed not long after that. Then, you came along. You shared a birthday with Prince Zorin that year. Oh, your father was so happy he finally had a child to call his own.” She displayed a satisfied grin. “A couple of years later, Laren arrived.”
His eyes widened with surprise. “You never told me the prince and I share the same birthday.”
“I'm surprised you never matched it up yourself, to be honest.”
“Well, they celebrate for a week every time, so I never knew exactly which day it really was. Go on, I didn't mean to interrupt.”
“The years went by, and we were fortunate to be so happy. Then he stopped feeling as young and vigorous.” She paused as if the very thought drove a spike through her heart. “He kept good spirits, but the disease claimed him over a year's time. He received the funeral of a knight of the realm by order of the king, and people I had never heard of before traveled here and paid their respects.
“Now, we find ourselves parting ways, just under different circumstances. It feels like a little part of me is dying all over again,” she said.
“Don't be sad, Ma. I'll come back to see you again. I swear it.”
She patted his hand. “I know you will, Lae.”
Hearing a cooing noise from the windowsill, he turned. A white pigeon perched there with a tiny wooden scroll case attached to its leg. His mother stood and approached the bird, then removed the tiny note from the case and fetched a seeing glass.
As he joined her near the window, she read the note aloud. “House Telpist, you must make all haste to send the boy to me. The winds of change have been felt in the east, and I need him to join with me with no delay. I dare not speak more of the matter in my message in case it is intercepted. May the Creator guide him safely here. Ismerelda.”
Glancing between the note and his mother, he asked, “What do we do, Ma?”
“We must send you along immediately. It is as Ismerelda commands, and we must obey. The miller has a shipment of wheat going to Westmarch the morning after tomorrow, and you'll be on it.”
With little more than a nod to his mother, he ascended the stairs to his room. Washing his face and removing his soiled clothes, he eyed his bed and then the dresser. He'd called the place home for sixteen years, and he hadn't realized the weight of his feelings about leaving until that moment.
He felt as though much of his last summer had been wasted, and some anger still resounded for his mother's actions. Had he known he would be going to Ismerelda in Westmarch all along, he might have concerned himself with enjoying Reven’s Landing until his departure.
“Still one day left,” he thought. “Better make it count.”
Lowering himself onto the bed, he pulled the sheet across his body. Thicker blankets dressed the bed, but he rarely used them; even at night, warm breezes found their way into the house most of the year.
He took a deep breath before he prayed and thanked the Creator for his gift of spellcraft. He knew full well that most other boys his age weren't able to bend existence to their will. As he drifted off to sleep, he glanced at the wand on his dresser, its intricate carvings drawing his mind into fantasies of brandishing it in action in places far away from his home. 



Chapter Three
Two Mages by the Brook


Morning light soaked the room when he awoke the next day. He rose quickly and clothed himself. “I can't waste any time today.” Downstairs, he grabbed a biscuit from the counter and shoved it in his mouth. Laren took an egg from the platter as Filadrena offered it. “Lae's going to help me with my spells today.”
“Really, now?” his mother asked, a sharp look in her eye. “Why the sudden change of heart?”
“I’ve seen the need to help her,” Laedron said, trying to keep his composure. “Besides, I wanted to spend some time with her before I leave, and it’s not as if I’ll have another day to do so.”
“Leaving?” Laren asked. “When did you decide this? I thought it was a week out.”
“Ismerelda is summoning him early,” Filadrena said before Laedron could speak.
“Maybe you'll get it over with quicker, then,” Laren said.
“Mage training is nothing to be gotten over quickly.” Filadrena pointed a wooden spoon at her. “You'd be best to remember that, Laren.”
“It does carry some appeal.” Laedron shrugged. “Maybe I can get out sooner.”
His mother tilted her head back and stared at the ceiling. “If your father could hear you now. I never thought my children would be the ones wanting the quick way out of something so important as this.”
“Sorry, Ma,” Laedron said. “We didn't mean anything by it.”
Her head dropped. “I know, my boy. Give it your all, and listen to Ismerelda. That's all I ask.”
“Yes, Ma.”
Filadrena turned to Laren. “And you, you listen to your instructor wherever you go, too.”
“Yes, Ma.”
They each gobbled down their breakfast. “Slow down lest you give yourself a bellyache, girl,” Filadrena said.
Laren swallowed the mouthful of eggs and sausages. “Sorry. I'm starving this morning.”
“Wouldn't have that problem if you liked redfish,” Laedron said.
“Now, now, Lae,” Filadrena said.
“What? It's true. Only girl in town who doesn't know a good fish fillet when she sees one.”
“I've never liked it,” Laren said. “The flavor’s too bold.”
“Too bold?” Laedron laughed. “I've heard it all now.”
“Well, I don't like it,” Laren said, her hands on her hips. “Say what you want, but I'll stick to the vegetables.”
“Now that you're finished, I suppose you should get your things,” Laedron said. Laren ran upstairs faster than he’d seen in quite a while.
“Grab my wand, too!” Laedron yelled to the second floor.
“I'm glad to see you two getting along,” Filadrena said. “She's feared you like a father over the past years, instead of loving you as a brother.”
“It's not easy,” Laedron said. “She needs someone to look out for her. To guide her.”
“And I don't do that?”
Shaking his head, he said, “I didn't mean that, Ma. You've done a fine job with us. I mean to say, it would have been easier with Da here.” He never felt comfortable referring to his father as ‘Da,’ but he knew his mother preferred it.
“I know it would have been, and I wish I could have kept him here. I wish it more than you could ever know.”
“It's all right, Ma.”
Filadrena covered her face with her hands as a tear followed the contours down the side of her face. “I wished different for you. I wished you wouldn't have had to be the man of the house at such a young age.”
Walking around the counter, Laedron wrapped his arm around her. “Don't blame yourself. Besides, I took well to the responsibilities.”
Filadrena patted his hand as a smile took to her lips. “That you did, Lae. That you did.”
Her belongings in hand, Laren arrived from upstairs and passed Laedron his wand as she caught her breath. “Ready?”
With a bow of his head, Laedron kissed Filadrena on the cheek. “Let me gather something for lunch.” He wrapped a loaf of bread, some cheese, and a pair of ripe apples in a cloth and led the way out the door.
“Be careful,” Filadrena said before they crossed the threshold. 
After jogging around the house and to the fence beyond, they slowed their pace on the trail. It wasn't uncommon for the careless to receive a lash across the forehead from a low branch while running through the thickets. When they arrived in the clearing by the creek, Laedron dropped the cloth ball containing their lunch near the trunk of the old tree draping the water.
“We'll start from the very beginning.” Laedron drew his wand. “And no lightning bolts or fireballs, either. Nothing dangerous.”
“Yes, brother,” she said.
“The first one we shall cover is the vibrancy illusion.” He raised his wand.
“Vibrancy illusions?” She sighed. “Those are boring.”
“Boring or not, it forms the basis of the whole illusion aspect,” Laedron said. “And no backtalk.” He waved his wand through the air and chanted, drawing a glimmer of light into being. With the energy manifested, he wrote his name across the air. Each letter remained for a few moments before fading from sight.
Releasing the spell, he said, “Now, you try.”
Her hand flicked from side to side, and she spoke the words. Magic sputtered from the end of her wand as she drew a circle, but it dispersed before she finished.
“I don't see why we need illusion magic.” She shook her head. “I'm not even interested in it.”
“Because,” Laedron said, waving his wand over the nearby brush, “we can use it for all kinds of things.” Chanting a spell, he was encompassed in a flash of light and a puff of smoke. 
“Lae?” Laren called out, turning about in a circle. “Lae?”
Once her face had taken on a look of fright, Laedron stepped out from behind the nearby tree.
“All right, fine,” she grumbled. “Let me try again.”
While she motioned with her hand and uttered the incantation, a prismatic light sparkled from her wand, and she drew flowers at the tops of the weeds and ferns beside her.
Watching her decorate the clearing, Laedron smiled. “Good.” He flicked his wrist and cast a spray of light at her, and it stained her clothes for a few seconds before fading away.
“Hey!” she said, turning to him. “Trying to play dirty, eh?”
She swished her wand at him and spoke the words, flinging a pink wave of energy. Laedron dropped to the ground, tumbled, and stood up a few feet away, the pink mist missing him completely. He cast another cone of light after rising to his feet, and her clothes changed to a sky blue color.
Laedron laughed as she became frustrated with his dodging. She cast her spells wider and faster until she finally struck him. Coloring his clothes a mixture of pink and purple, the spell sent a warm rush through his body as it passed around him.
Feeling the hair on his neck stand on end, he stopped. “Wait.” He had the distinct feeling of someone watching him, but he couldn’t find the source with a hasty glance at his surroundings.
Laren didn't stop; in fact, she cast more at him as if he presented an opportunity she wasn't going to let slip away. 
“No, seriously.” He waved his hand at her. “Something’s not right.”
While he eyed the trees for any sign of movement, Laren stepped up beside him. “What is it?”
“Shh,” he said, scanning the distance. The feeling passed, and his suspicion subsided. Not wanting to look silly, he decided to use it to his advantage.
With a quick motion, he cast, striking Laren in the face with an imaginary flower. Once she recuperated from the surprise attack, they threw spells at one another until Laedron surrendered.
“Seems like you just have to make it fun for yourself.” He took a seat by the tree and unwrapped their lunch.
“Hungry already, brother?” Sitting beside him, she put her wand on the nearby stump.
“Yeah. I didn't eat much at breakfast. The headaches make me nauseous sometimes.”
“I can’t stand them.”
He nodded. “Seems I can only keep a spell going for a few minutes before it starts trying to break through my skull.” 
“A few minutes? I start to get them after a couple of seconds sometimes.”
“You'll get better as you go along. At least, I hope it works that way.”
“That's what Ma says.”
A smile crept across Laedron's face. “’Keep at it, boy! The pain will pass, and beyond lies greatness!’”
Laren laughed and shook her head. “You sound more like her every time you do it.”
His smile shifted to a quiet look for a while, then he said, “Care to explain about Marac and you, now that Mother isn't here?”
Her grin instantly transformed into a serious expression. “I've said all there really is to say.”
“Have you?” 
“Yes, brother.” She sighed. “We'll likely marry someday, but it's too soon now.”
“So long as that's really what you want, I'll support you. I just wanted to know the truth, and it can be hard to get around Ma sometimes.”
“It's fine. Really, it is,” she said. “Let's forget about that for now.”
“All right, sister. You'll hear nothing else of it from me.”
As she tilted her head downward and smiled, a hand reached from the brush and snatched Laren's wand from the tree stump. Laedron sprang to his feet, and his sister shouted furiously to the high grass on the other side.
With his wand held in front of him, he shouted, “Show yourself! Return the wand, and show yourself!” Stepping closer to the brush, he felt his heart race from thoughts of what might be lurking in the tall grass. 
From the copse jumped a young boy, who immediately ran toward the trees. With a flick of Laedron’s wrist and his incantation muttered, a blast of energy struck the boy and sent him to the ground. Laedron and Laren ran over to the boy, and Laren grabbed her wand from his hand.
Writhing with pain, the boy turned onto his back with his hands raised in the air. “Please, don't kill me!”
“Oh, I won't kill you, and the pain shall pass.” Laedron pulled the boy to his feet. “What are you thinking stealing my sister's wand?”
“Sorry. I meant nothing by it.”
“You've been watching us for some time, haven't you?” Laedron thrust his wand forward to intimidate the child.
“No, I swear it! I was told to come here and take it!” the boy shouted, cowering from the wand.
Laedron peered at the trees before turning to him again. “Then tell your friends to come out.”
“Come out, boys,” he said, waving his hands at the wood. “Come on, he'll smite me!”
“Then he'll smite the rest of us, too!” a voice said from the thicket.
“I'll blink the whole world out of existence if you don't!” Laedron raised his wand high with the bluff.
Three more boys strolled into the clearing, each of them younger than Laren, their mouths open with shock. “Please don't destroy the world, sir!” one of them said as they approached.
“Oh, I wouldn't do that. If I destroyed the world, I'd die, too.” Turning his head, Laedron hid a smile.
One of the younger boys slapped the older in the arm. “Why didn't you think of that?”
“Enough,” Laedron said, returning his gaze to them. “What do you need with a wand?”
“We wanted to see it,” the oldest said. “We've never seen a wizard before.”
“Sorcerer,” Laedron corrected. “There aren't any wizards anymore and haven’t been for a long time.”
His eyes filled with curiosity, a younger boy asked, “What happened to them?”
Laedron thought for a moment before answering. He knew the last wizard had been Azura, but he didn't want to speak blasphemy; he had to watch his tongue around Heraldans due to their beliefs differing from his own. Finally, he said, “A long time ago, there were sorcerers who could bring spells without wands or words of power. They were a part of the magic.”
“No wands?” the oldest asked. “Impossible.”
“Never say impossible,” Laedron said. “Anything is possible, and don't you forget that. Go now, off with you.”
Not to be told a second time, the boys scattered, becoming invisible in the undergrowth of the forest after only a few steps past the trees.
“Azura,” Laren said. “You were talking about her, weren't you?”
“In a way,” he replied, turning to her. “I can't tell them that, though. Let's keep practicing.”
They continued her training after lunch, and having been refortified with the meal, they studied some more. He tried to make each lesson fun for her, having seen how well she did when she was enjoying herself and receiving encouragement. Noticing the sun drooping behind the treetops late in the day, a sweaty and tired Laedron said, “Let's go home.”
Smoke puffed out from the chimney as they entered the backyard. “Supper.” Glancing at the windowsill, he added, “And apple pie, too.”
When he opened the back door, Filadrena turned to them. “My goodness! You're filthy!” He looked down at his soiled clothes and then to his sister’s; both of them were spattered with grass stains and dirt. “Go change before supper,” Ma said, pointing to the stairs.
Laren was the first to the bathroom, much to Laedron's disappointment. “I'll be quick,” she said, closing the door in his face. 
He turned and went into his bedroom to wait his turn. Sitting on the bed, he clasped his hands and traced the room with his eyes. He thought of how many nights he'd sat and stared at the stars through his window before falling asleep. He'd always felt the warmth and security of his home, never having been separated from it for long. No matter how the outside world treated him, he knew he could come home and be with his family—but not anymore. He had to attend his training, and Westmarch couldn't be put off.
Repeating the message from Ismerelda in his head over and over, he sat contemplating what might be in store for him. Not long into his thoughts, he heard the bathroom door creak open. He rose to his feet, gathered some fresh clothes, and passed Laren in the hall on his way to the bath.
He soaked in the still water and scrubbed his body with soap every once in a while. Though he wished time would stand still, he knew it wouldn't stop for him or his selfish wants. The sun continued under the horizon until that familiar field of stars was clearly visible above. With wrinkles on his fingertips, he climbed out of the tub and dressed just as he heard his ma's voice from below. “Come to dinner, children.”
Laedron joined Laren and his mother at the dining table. Serving as a centerpiece, a golden brown turkey beset the table, and steam drifted off the vegetables and bread stuffing. Laedron stared at the apple pie still on the windowsill with desire.
After a brief prayer from Filadrena, they dug into the meal. Juice dripped down Laedron's lips as he chewed, and the heat from the stuffing warmed his mouth and his heart. Following the fine meal, they relaxed in the living room, each with a slice of apple pie.
Filadrena had only finished half of her portion by the time Laren and Laedron had eaten theirs. Gazing into the blackness within, she sat with her eyes on the hearth of the fireplace.
“Are you well, Ma?” asked Laren.
“Of course,” she said, turning to them. “I worry about Laedron. Ismerelda's message doesn't bode well for us.”
“What do you think it means?” Laedron asked.
“I'm not sure, but it doesn't sound good,” she said. “I hope it's nothing serious. I don't see why she'd call for you early.” She stretched her arms. “I think we should retire for the night. We have an early morning ahead of us.”
He nodded to his mother, a sinking feeling setting into his stomach. Even if only a few more days, he had wanted more time in Reven’s Landing to spend with his friends and enjoy his home for a while longer. As his gaze drifted to his knees, Filadrena stood.
“Get some rest, Lae. We’ll go to Mr. Reven in the morning and see about getting you passage with them to Westmarch.”
Without another word, she extinguished all but one of the lanterns in the lounge. Sitting alone in the dim light, she peered into the fire as he climbed the stairs, apparently deep in her own thoughts. 
Once in his room, he packed his clothing into a leather traveling case until nothing else could be forced inside. He changed into his bedclothes and stared at the ceiling for a while before falling asleep. Being summoned so soon piqued his curiosity, but he was able to take solace in the fact he could no longer be apprehensive about leaving home; the day of his departure was tomorrow, as early as they could make it.



Chapter Four
The Journey to Westmarch


With the dawn light flooding his room, he awoke. He felt as though he hadn't slept at all, as though he had been in the twilight between being asleep and being awake throughout the night. He walked down the narrow hall to the washroom and cranked the pump to fill the tub. Cool and refreshing, the water helped him wake up and get motivated for the long day ahead.
When he finished bathing, he put on his traveling garments. Beneath a deep purple vest, he wore a white cotton shirt with sleeves that stopped just above the wrists and allowed free movement of his arms. The pants were snug but not constricting to his legs. He donned his thin socks and leather boots and buckled a leather belt bearing an empty leather sheath. The style of his clothing made it easy for him to cast a spell if need be without it being gaudy and flashy like the true sorcerer’s robes of the archmages.
“One last thing.” Opening the long, narrow box on his dresser, he retrieved a dense wooden wand. He ran his fingers across it, admiring the ornate carvings and master craftsmanship. Although a practice wand meant for no more than a first-year neonate, it was of the highest possible quality and more than serviceable. The wand had been in his family for some five generations, and Ma had given it to him when he began his training. Turning toward the door, the smell of the morning meal wafted into his nostrils.
He placed the wand in the sheath at his side, then went downstairs. Ma was busy preparing breakfast when he reached the common room on the first floor of the house. As he surveyed the offerings, he grabbed a plate and a helping of each item down the line.
“Eat up, son. You'll need your strength for the journey ahead.”
A combination of nervousness and sadness at leaving home made his appetite weak, but he tried to eat. It would be quite some time before he would partake of his mother's fine cooking again. When finished, he packed a few pieces of the sweetbread loaf—a specialty of his mother and a favorite in the Telpist house—into a leather pouch. The trip from Reven’s Landing to Westmarch could take as long as three days, and to have a snack on the road would be a luxury and a welcome reminder of home.
“You've barely eaten anything, Ma,” he said, noticing her watching him.
A smile crept across her lips. “It's all right, Lae. I'll eat as soon as I get back from the Reven’s.”
He wiped his face with a napkin and dropped it on his half-empty plate. “I'm ready to go when you are. I can't eat another bite.”
Bowing her head, she stood. She took her traveling shawl from the shelf above the coat rack and wrapped her shoulders with it. When Laren came downstairs, he saw the concerned, loving look in her eyes.
She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Take care, brother.”
He smiled, taking in the warmth and gentleness of her embrace. “Watch out for Mother while I'm away.”
She stepped back and nodded. Turning to follow his mother out the door, he was soon following his mother on the road to town.
Through the trees, the summer sun shone upon the dirt path before them. Most would find it uncomfortable to travel on such a warm day with what Filadrena wore, but she managed to keep from breaking a sweat. Laedron fondly remembered what she had always told her children: a woman must always be proper and dress according to her status, and the ladies of Reven’s Landing held her in high regard. In respect of her rules, she was often seen concealing her fine black locks under beautiful hats and ensuring as little skin as possible showed at any given time.
Due to its seaside placement and hilly terrain, Reven’s Landing's wheat mill sat atop one of the taller foothills on the outskirts of town. The miller didn’t have the benefit of a river swift enough to power his industry, but the wind was just as effective at keeping the grinders churning out fresh flour. Approaching the massive structure, Laedron could hear the rhythmic sound of the huge wheel turning with the constant breeze. Marac and Bordric were already outside packing a wagon for the journey to Westmarch.
“Hail, Reven!” Filadrena waved after she and Laedron topped the path.
“Bannorette Telpist, what brings you here so early this morning?” Bordric asked, holding his hand up to shield his eyes from the morning sun. Marac’s father was another of the townsfolk who used her official title, and Laedron thought it was more out of fear than respect.
She continued on the path until she was close enough to speak at a reasonable volume. “I have a proposition for you, Reven.”
“I certainly can't decline to at least hear what you have to say, but I'm busy getting the wheat ready for market.”
Laedron dipped his head to Marac, and he nodded back. 
“I have need to add a parcel to your shipment, sir. Can you indulge me?” she said.
Bordric scratched his chin. “How big a parcel, ma'am?”
Calling Laedron over to stand beside her, she held her hand at the top of his head. “Oh, about this tall, about as heavy as my boy.”
He raised an eyebrow. “You mean for me to take your son with us to Westmarch?”
“I do, Mr. Reven.” She smiled.
“But why?”
“You know he's to attend training as a mage soon, yes? Let's just say that the day has come sooner than any of us expected. Can you do this for me?”
Bordric shook his head. “I don't know if I can oblige, Bann' Telpist. We're already loaded down as it is. The horses can't take the extra strain without slowing us considerably.”
“What's the hurry to get to Westmarch? Afraid the flour will spoil in the heat?” 
“We're already a day late on our trip. We had a slight mishap in the mill.” He paused long enough to give Marac a stern look. “We'll be pushing the horses to the limit to beat the other millers to market this season. The road is long from here to Westmarch.”
She tapped her chin with a finger. “What if I told you I could make it so you're the first to market? Could you take my son with you then?”
“There's no way we could make it to market first now. If we left this instant and rode through the nights, it would still take us nearly three days.”
“Trust me, Mr. Reven. If you take my boy with you, you will make it by the morning tomorrow.” 
Bordric let out a deep laugh. “I've heard it all now. Get us there by morning, eh?”
“With each of you sleeping while the other drives, yes. That's exactly what I can do for you.”
“And how do you plan to do that exactly?”
“Do you forget that I'm a sorceress, Bordric?”
Her words silenced his laughter. “Well, yes, but I thought that was just for throwing balls of fire or blasting down your foes with lightning.”
Rolling her eyes, she removed her shawl, handed it to Laedron, and produced a gold-laden wand made of a dark wood. Its appearance was that of a winding branch with an unnatural spiral through its length.
Bordric raised his hand defensively. “Just a minute, now. I didn't mean to offend you. There's no need for violence.”
She spoke an incantation and waved the wand, closing her eyes as sparkles of purple flames licked the air nearby. She raised the wand to the sky when she finished the words, then thrust it in the direction of the horses at the head of the wagon.
With a crackling sound, the pure energy shot through the air, and the smell of jasmine filled Laedron’s nose. The horses reared and snorted while glittering light surrounded them. As fast as they had appeared, the candescent waves dissipated, and the horses resumed their stirring.
“You have until dawn to get to Westmarch under the spell I've made, Bordric Reven. I can only maintain it for that long. I'd suggest you get going.”
“Aye, thank you,” Bordric replied, stammering. He let out a sigh, and Laedron suspected he was relieved he hadn’t been transformed into something hideous or disintegrated outright.
Ma turned to Laedron, who was still awestruck at the powerful spell she had cast. Not being accustomed to seeing his mother using magic, he was impressed by her display. She most often practiced her charms privately, if at all.
Hugging him, she shed a tear. “Laedron, good luck on your journey. Be cautious of others that you meet, for Ismerelda's message doesn't sit well with me. She knows something that she couldn't put on paper, so be careful. I shall miss you, my son.”
“I love you, Mother. I'll see you again.” He wrapped his arms around her.
“When you get there, Ismerelda's house is near the old center of town. The guards have been known to offer directions when asked.”
Bordric waved at Laedron while he and Marac climbed onto the driver's bench. “Best get on the wagon if you're coming, son. We haven't a moment to spare!”
Laedron turned and jogged to the cart. He hopped onto the back where he could ride with his feet dangling off the end. With a crack of the reigns, the cart sprang forward and clattered along the rough road. His mother eventually became a small figure in the distance, and he waved at her until she disappeared from view.
Having spent his childhood in the town which grew smaller and smaller behind him, Laedron was consumed with mixed feelings. He had passed the summers by the sea and the winters gathered in the house around the hearth. His mother and sister had cared for him the times he had fallen ill, and he had cared for them likewise. His excitement notwithstanding, Laedron couldn’t help but feel some measure of fear and anxiety at leaving home and entering the wide world. He wished that Marac was coming with him to stay at Ismerelda's house. At least then he would know someone in the much larger city of Westmarch, but Marac was needed in Reven’s Landing at the mill with his father.
Climbing across the huge sacks of flour, Marac joined Laedron at the back of the wagon. “Your ma surely has a way with her powers.”
“I've never seen her use magic that powerful before. Everything she's cast in front of me has been nothing more than a wisp of smoke, if even that.”
“I wonder why that is, Lae. If I could use magic, I'd have a much simpler life, that's for sure.”
“She always told me to use spells only when we needed to. Azura teaches us that magic is but one of our tools, and we shouldn't use it to just to be lazy.”
“Maybe that's why you're a mage, and I'm a miller.”
“I guess we'll find out if I can learn it. Ismerelda is well-known for quickly figuring out if you meet with her expectations.”
“Oh, you'll be fine.” He smiled and gestured as if toward the future and spoke in a herald's voice. “Now presenting the Archmage Laedron Telpist, finest magician in all Sorbia and neighboring nations!”
“Keep it down back there! I'm trying to concentrate on the road,” Bordric shouted over his shoulder. “Silly boys'll spook the horses with all that loud ruckus and fooling about.”
They laughed and joked back and forth about just how grandiose and spectacular Laedron would become with his training, being careful not to draw the ire of the miller any further. Each comment passed between them was followed by one even greater until Laedron was destined to become the Grand Archmage himself, in addition to ruler of all nations, possessor of all the wealth of Bloodmyr, and the gentleman of every lady even a touch above fair in countenance or well-sculpted in figure. A relief to Laedron, the humor helped ease his troubled mind and tempestuous nerves over the many hours of the trip.
They traded out steering responsibilities as needed through the evening and night to allow each to take his turn sleeping. The horses, as promised, showed no signs of fatigue or weariness. With Filadrena's spell holding strong, they made amazing time. When he spied the walls of Westmarch early the next morning, Laedron thanked the Creator for the safe journey, while Bordric and Marac—both Heraldan—thanked Azura for her gifts granted through Filadrena's hands.
In both size and scale, Westmarch was a true city. Its stone walls were tall, thick, and intimidating. A few buildings near the city's center spiraled into the heavens, and a second wall, much smaller and set atop a hill, enclosed the ancient headquarters of the Knights of the Shimmering Dawn, a sacred order of Sorbian knights charged with the defense of the northwestern bannoren. The city was also home to the largest Heraldan temple in the area, and it contained the palatial home of Duke Hadrian Fenric, bannor of Westmarch, protector and overlord of the northlands, and brother of King Xavier II.
Laedron felt the daunting presence of each tower besetting the sky, of the merlons topping the walls that grinned like a jagged smile, and the silhouettes of soldiers on patrol eying the cart. The soft gray stone of the structures seemed to darken with shadows, but he dismissed it as his imagination playing on his fears. If for no other reason than to be in a safe place away from these discouragements, he almost looked forward to getting to Ismerelda's house. Bordric steered the cart to the western gatehouse, where the city walls towered overhead.
A squad of guardsmen dressed in shined steel armor greeted them at the portcullis. Laedron nervously eyed their swords and shields; he had never dealt with the guard before. Surrounding the cart, the soldiers inspected it while Bordric spoke to their captain. “Ho, Captain! We bring wheat flour out of Reven’s Landing.”
The captain nodded. “Well met and greetings. You're Bordric Reven, are you not?”
“Aye, but I wasn't aware that I was famous 'round these parts,” he replied, dusting his tunic.
The man lifted the faceplate of his helmet to reveal a stern expression. “I remember your son better. It was I who sent for you to retrieve him after the drink got the better of him. Do you recall the matter some months ago?”
“Yes, sire. I appreciate your kindness in that matter. He doesn't always behave like that.”
The captain's eyes narrowed. “Please make sure he remains in control of his faculties in Westmarch. It's a different place and not tolerant to those out of control of themselves.”
Bordric bowed his head. “May we enter, Captain?”
The captain looked to the other guards, who reported no suspicions. “You may.” He pointed at the guards inside the gate, and they turned a crank to open it.
When the portcullis had risen high enough for the wagon to pass, Bordric slapped the horses with the reins. Riding through the gatehouse and into the bustling streets of the city, Laedron caught sight of commoners, yeomen, merchants, and nobles alike crowding the thoroughfares in vast numbers, carrying on with their daily affairs.
Many of the buildings were constructed the same as his home in Reven’s Landing—stone and dense wooden walls, sturdy roofs, and thick glass. Laedron expected the city would have many structures of stone, though; rich with wide varieties and vast supplies of rock, the region's quarries were able to supply every nearby city with an abundance of materials.
The wagon rumbled through the streets under Bordric's careful guidance until they arrived at a circular plaza consisting of cobblestones. He drove the horses to a fine space in the market square where his flour might draw the largest crowds.
“This is where we part ways, Laedron.” Bordric hopped down from the cart with a sigh before grabbing his back.
“Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Reven.” Laedron climbed off the back the cart with Marac following close behind. 
“We'll be in town for a few days. You should come by and visit us if you have the time.”
Laedron extended his hand to Marac. “I'll do that if I can. In case I never see you again...”
Marac took his hand and pulled him close to hug him. “We'll see each other again. I'm sure of it, Lae!”
He nodded, not wanting to say ‘goodbye.’ They released one another from the embrace, and Laedron walked away as Bordric and Marac unloaded the sacks of wheat. They displayed their pleasure as several customers gathered and waited for the miller to conduct business with them.
Just as Ma had instructed, he followed the westerly road out of the market. Seeing a guard patrolling the lane, he approached the armored man. “Excuse me, sir. Might you tell me where the old center of town lies?”
“Keep following this road and take your next left,” the guard said with a no-nonsense demeanor.
Laedron thanked the man, but he received a funny look in reply. Having heard stories of how the city folk were less accustomed to politeness, he assumed the look was all he would garner and continued on his way.
He turned left on the appointed street, then followed the narrow lane. The closeness of the buildings on either side gave the impression that the streets had been built narrowly, without regard to increased activity or taller wagons. Hardly wide enough for a horse, the lane was uncomfortable for more than two people to walk side-by-side.
It wasn't long before he spotted a placard marked with a moon and stars—a common symbol amongst mages. He recalled the same mark on several of Ma's spellbooks and even on a few of her dress robes hanging in the closet. Placed between two larger buildings, the house appeared small. Passing through a wrought iron gate, he crossed the stone steps on the paltry lawn and arrived at a heavy wooden door. Being timid about meeting Ismerelda, he rapped quietly upon it at first. When no one responded, he knocked louder.
The door swung wide, revealing a slender, beautiful woman. “Might I help you?” she asked in a monotone voice that reminded him of the few times he had spoken to high, noble ladies.
Beneath her long, golden hair, her bodice was made of fine silk dyed crimson with golden floral designs. Her black skirt hung a bit below the knee, but it had no decorations or embellishments. Wrapping her at the middle like a belt, a braided golden rope had a rod with a large ruby tucked through it. Laedron had never seen a woman dressed in such splendor, and even his mother didn't clothe herself as richly as the woman before him.
“Yes, ma'am. I may not be at the right house.” Swallowing deeply, he glanced back at the street. “My name's Laedron Telpist.”
“You've arrived at the appropriate place, young man. Earlier than I expected, too. Won't you come inside?”
Confusion filled his mind, and his voice cracked. “You're Madam Ismerelda?”
The woman took on a curious expression. “I am. You seem confounded by that possibility. Why is that?”
“I was expecting someone much...” he said, stopping short of an insult.
“Older?” she asked.
Laedron shrugged and searched for the words to soften the blow. “Well, yes, ma'am. I wasn't going to say it first, though.”
A large grin crossing her face, she extended her hand and opened the door completely. “Come in, there is much to discuss.”



Chapter Five
The Sorceress Ismerelda


Ismerelda led him into a parlor just beyond the doors. His eyes wandered amongst the many fine paintings, rich furniture pieces, knickknacks, and princely sofas decorating the room. The domed ceiling had a mural depicting Azura standing atop a hill, using her powerful magic to decimate her enemies in the Great War. It had been painted with great care and the eye of a true artist, as if the creator had been present at the battle.
Free of blemishes and any sign of dirt, the floor sparkled and shined with a glimmering ambiance. Feeling somewhat uncomfortable in his unclean boots, he trod behind her as she continued into a wide common room.
Taking a seat on a silken sofa, she offered a soft leather chair to him. “I was just having tea, if you don't mind. You may have some if you like.”
The journey to Westmarch had made him thirsty, but he declined. Being too nervous to hold a glass of tea, he was afraid he might spill it on the chair or the rug. He sat and waited for her to speak.
“Laedron, is it?” she asked, trying to pronounce his name as he had.
“Yes, ma'am.” His glance met hers for a moment before he glimpsed the large tapestries on the far wall.
“I'm pleased that you could come early. There are dark times ahead, I fear. Your training mustn't wait.”
He stared at her, again noticing her hair was without a vestige of gray and her skin without a mark or wrinkle. Her eyes were vibrant like those of a youthful girl. “May I ask a question? My ma told me she trained under you. How can that be? You can't be more than twenty-five years old.”
With an uninhibited kindness, she smiled. “We live longer than your kind, Laedron. I'm Uxidi.”
He remembered tales he had heard of the Uxidin. Some described them as a separate race, while most considered them a type of human. Either way, the race was known for its extreme longevity, beauty, grace, and magical prowess. Though uncommon to see one, it was rarer still to speak to one who would reveal themselves as such. “I'm sorry. I didn't know.”
“Then Filadrena Telpist has kept her promise of not revealing me over these long years, and loyal she is. She didn't reveal me even to her own son coming to tutor in magic under my care.”
“I suppose I'm bound by the same promise, but why? Are you afraid to be known here?”
“Let's just say it is better for me not to be known as Uxidi in this city. It keeps my privacy and my origins secret, two things I'd prefer not to have everyone know. That's why I live in this out-of-the-way place.”
He nodded. “I think I'll have some tea after all.”
She leaned toward the end table, which contained a tea set atop a silver serving tray. Pouring the tea into an empty porcelain cup, Laedron was enraptured by its etchings of strange and colorful flora. 
“I hope you like it,” she said.
With his hand beneath his chin to catch any spills, he lifted the teacup to his lips and sipped it. The warm liquid excited his taste buds with sweetness at first, followed by a tame bitterness and the tingling of mint. It was unlike anything he had drunk before, but it was such a peculiar flavor that he continued as she spoke.
“As I was saying before, interesting things are happening in lands far away from here which may involve us mages in the not-so-distant future.”
“But, I'm not a mage. I'm just a neonate.”
“With my thorough tutelage and your eagerness to learn, we can hopefully change that unfortunate circumstance.” She placed her teacup on the end table, and he followed suit. “The Grand Vicar has died, and the new has taken power.”
“The Grand Vicar is dead? There hasn't been any mention of it in Reven’s Landing,” he said.
“There wouldn't be. He died two nights ago, my boy.”
He looked at her suspiciously. “And how could you know the happenings in lands over a thousand miles from here?”
“You have much to learn about the ways of magic, Laedron,” she chuckled. “Our spies in that country have reported that the five lanterns have glowed in the tower. His final moments came sometime that night, so I called for you.”
“What does the Grand Vicar's death have to do with me, though?”
“More than you know, young man. It has unknown implications for all of us. I do know this: a new Grand Vicar has been chosen, and that could be dangerous for our kind.”
He took a sip of his tea. “Who's the new one?”
Lowering her eyes, she said, “His name is Andolis Drakar, and he's been consecrated as Tristan IV.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Consecrated?”
Patting her mouth with a silk napkin, she nodded. “Yes, consecrated. For a Grand Vicar, it's the process of receiving the highest position in the Heraldan church. It is also when they select their Vicariate name.”
“Does the name have any significance?”
She dipped her head in affirmation. “The first Tristan stood with Azura on the battlefield and tried to persuade her not to use magic in the final battle of the Great War. His opinion was that magic could do great damage if not used with restraint. Grand Vicars who are consecrated in his namesake are very much against sorcery.”
“Isn't that a lesson Azura has passed down to us mages?”
“Yes, but she didn't follow her own advice when it came time for the battle. She met the enemy forces with a small army east of the city they now call Azura, in the place that is called Azuroth.”
“She didn't follow her own advice? Why should we be obliged to follow it now?”
“She was under different circumstances at the time. We don't normally face legions of enemy soldiers in battles which might decide the fate of everything. Besides, her folly should be evident that it applies to everyone, even the most powerful.”
“You speak as if you witnessed it first hand.”
She paused for a few moments. “I was there all those years ago, and I stood with Azura on the mound against the tide of darkness.”
Summing the difference in his head, he was surprised at her apparent age. From every account he’d heard, the Great War had taken place over a thousand years prior to his own birth.
“I'm Uxidi, and as you know, that means I'm blessed with immortality. I've taken care of myself and hidden while others have fallen along the wayside. I remember Tristan and Azura arguing the matter as if it were yesterday.” She turned a blank stare to the wall.
Closing her eyes, she told the story, her eyelids twitching. “When it came time for the fight, Azura stood upon the rock where she could observe the formations of that dark army surrounding their encampment. Thousands of them formed battle lines in every direction, and it seemed that all hope was lost.
“Tristan demanded she allow him and his few soldiers to do battle, but fine and brave as they were, she doubted they could turn the tide against such a vast force. She cast two spells at the same time—a feat no mage since has been able to reproduce, mind you—and killed most of the advancing defilers.
“She called forth the very power of the earth to drive spikes up to impale them, and she filled the lowlands with a tidal wave of seawater. Thus, the Sea of Pillars was formed, and in the center of that sea, Azuroth lies, the place where Azura's wrath was felt by those who dealt only wickedness and pain unto the world.”
Pausing, she opened her eyes. As she continued the story, he daydreamed of the people and places her words depicted. “Afterward, they returned to the city that is now known as Azura, and the tale was told of her great and powerful magic. Though he was pleased at the victory without a loss of any of their own troop, Tristan still chastised her for the destruction of so much. Also, her visage had changed; the permanency of the sea and the pillars had caused her to age in an instant. Some said she was taken aloft into the heavens, and she was the Creator in disguise. I knew better, though. She simply went into hiding to ease her heartache.”
He leaned forward eagerly. “How did she get her heart broken?”
“She was in love with Tristan. His opinion of her actions drove her to the wilds. She was a powerful mage—no, the most powerful. He fell out of love with her for both her disobedience and her spectacular abilities. Threatened by the greatness of his lover, he felt he needed to put her down to feel more impressive himself.”
“That sounds terrible. Why would anyone want to take the name of such a cold man?”
She chuckled. “Modern Heraldans know nothing of what happened on those old battlefields and in those ancient cities. History is written by those with great power and influence, Laedron. They recorded only the finest points about Tristan and his opinions on magic. His hatred of sorcerers remained, but his mistreatment of Azura has been obscured by the flowery words of his disciples.”
“This new Grand Vicar will want to limit magic then, I assume?”
“There has been a movement gaining interest of late amongst the Heraldans outside Sorbia, a movement to get rid of mages altogether. The most extreme would see us dead, while others would settle for us simply destroying our wands.”
“They want to exterminate us? But why?”
“Those who would want that see us as a threat, my boy. Most people don't realize that the Heraldan clergymen, with their holy facade, are nothing but mere mages themselves. They cast spells and learn of magic, but it goes by a different name—divine miracles and blessings. The Heraldan church sees us as a threat to them, another mage order which could pose a problem in the future if not culled.”
“Do they actually plan on getting rid of us? I mean, how soon is this plan to be carried out?”
She ran her finger across her eyebrows. “It won't be long. Now that they have appointed a Grand Vicar with such intentions, they will likely begin their plotting soon.”
“What do we do? The Heraldan church is huge. Almost everyone in Sorbia is a follower.”
“These are not matters of immediacy, Laedron. The most important thing right now is beginning your training.”
Panic filled his mind, though he noticed how calm she remained. “How can you think of training at a time like this? We must do something.”
“I admire that drive in you, my boy. The drive to action is important in a mage's survival. You must be trained, though. Don't worry.”
“Don't worry? I'm having trouble accepting how relaxed you are about this situation.”
“It will take time for them to act, and it will take time for the Circle to decide what we shall do. Don't worry, Laedron. Sorbia is a long way from the theocracy, and our nation is rife with mages in positions of authority. We're afforded some measure of protection for the time being.”
Considering how Ismerelda's words echoed those of his own mother, he felt a calmness come over him. Filadrena had told him many times about the Circle in Morcaine and how close they were to the monarchy. Sorbia's line of rulers was often blessed with the knowledge and wisdom of the mages, and they always gave counsel when asked to keep the relationship strong.
Standing, she offered her hand. “Come, I'll show you to your room. We'll begin your training after you have something to eat. There is time yet, but I want to start immediately.”
As he rose to his feet and followed her, he understood why the house was adorned in such decadent way. It was the home of someone who had lived many lifetimes, and each thing had a story known by its owner. The items weren't run-of-the-mill family heirlooms or purchased on a whim; they each had a meaning or some significance. To learn the secrets behind each one would take a human an entire lifetime.
Leading him down a hallway, Ismerelda brought him to a spiral staircase leading both above and below. “Your sleeping quarters are upstairs, and we train in the cellar.”
“Why underground?”
“To maintain our privacy, of course. There are no windows down there, and it affords us plenty of open space to practice. Take your things to your room and unpack, then meet me in the cellar.”
He nodded and climbed the stairs to his room. It was the most austere of the rooms in the house but still impressive compared to his room back home. He unpacked his clothes and placed each item into the chest of drawers. With the last of his possessions tucked away, he felt embarrassed that they didn’t entirely fill one drawer. He slid his suitcase under the bed before trying the mattress. Though firm, it seemed more comfortable than the one he’d had in Reven’s Landing.
Out of fear of the headaches, Laedron ate a slice of bread and an apple. If he became nauseous from practice, he wanted as little as possible to end up as vomit on Ismerelda’s pristine floors. He assumed she had already gone to the basement, so after he ate, he went to join her.
He was surprised to find the lower level so illuminated. A wide variety of lanterns, torches, and candelabras were scattered throughout the spacious room. It appeared to be a mishmash of a mage's laboratory, a classroom, and a study all in one. Training dummies and strange devices lined one side of the space, and Ismerelda sat writing with a peacock feather in a large tome at her large desk gracing the center of the room.
“I always begin with the basics, young man,” she said with hardly an upward glance. “It always seemed the best place to start.” She stuck the quill in its holder next to some iridescent vials of ink. “Why don't you have a seat?”
After slinking across the room, he sat at a nearby table much smaller than her desk. Leaning over, she placed a book in front of him. It was leather bound with stamped impressions of runes and glyphs burned into the cover.
“This is your first spellbook, Laedron. Contrary to what people believe, a book of incantations is not some collection of writings in bizarre and foreign languages, held on high with the wave of a wand during the casting. No, it is a notebook of sorts, a place for a sorcerer to keep his annotations. Some are well organized, and others can’t be deciphered by anyone except the writer.”
Opening the cover of the book, she revealed a blank page. “This book is empty, but you shall fill it as time goes along. Every sorcerer who survives his training will have one or more of these, and he chooses carefully which ones to travel with or to possess at any given time.”
Running his finger across the first page of the book, he admired the fine quality of the paper. It had a delicate texture, but he could tell the pages were sturdy and resilient.
“As I teach these things to you, you will write the things you need to remember. Are you ready to walk this path, Laedron?”
He thought about his doubts and shortcomings, remembering how difficult it had been to cast his first spell in his early years of training at home and wondering if he would ever become a mage. “I'm ready. All I can promise is that I'll try my hardest.”
“I can see that we'll have to work on your lack of confidence, but I can also see promise in your eyes. For now, your eagerness to learn will have to do. You'll begin to trust yourself along the way.”
Taking a quill in his hand, he dipped his head as an indication he was ready. 
“The first rule of magic is that all effects are temporary. The spell's effect remains, so long as you continue concentrating.”
He scribed notations in his book but was struck with a question. “The Sea of Pillars remains to this day. Is someone still concentrating on it?”
“Azura broke many rules of magic, young man. How she did it, no one can be sure. It is probably better that the secrets she knew of the workings of magic have stayed with her alone. Unlike any mage before or since, she was truly and uniquely powerful.”
“How is it that someone can cast a bolt of lightning and the damage still remains after the spell has expired?”
“Simple. The weave of magic can affect the things it comes in contact with while it is in existence. Therefore, a lightning bolt can break a tree in half. You could drown an enemy in magically created water so long as he passes before the water is dispelled.”
“Can a magical fire ignite other things?”
“Now you're thinking, my boy. That's good.” A broad smile appeared on her face. “Magic is just as much about figuring out solutions as concentrating to make it happen. Yes, magical fire can set other things aflame. It's not because the magic remains, but because it has affected something else in the world that is material.”
Listening to her insights, he studiously took notes in his notebook. 
When he lifted his quill and looked at her, she continued, “There are several types of magic. These are known as aspects to sorcerers. They each deal with a particular part or effect of magic. The first and most popular of aspects is Energetics. Being the study and conjuration of raw energy from nothingness, almost every offensive spell is a part of this aspect, but there are some practical uses, too.
“Next comes the Transfiguration aspect. This style of magic is done to change some feature of something. A weaker transfiguration might be changing a copper coin into a gold one for a short period of time, while a major use would be transforming a person into a rabbit.”
His eyes widened. “A person into a rabbit?”
“Fret not, it's only temporary,” she said with a sinister smile.
“You've done that before, haven't you? That's why you're smiling like that, isn't it?”
“Let's just say that it was necessary to prove a point that could be proven no other way at that specific time.”
Shying away from her, he swallowed deeply. “I hope it wasn't a part of mage training.”
“No, no, Laedron. Something else entirely. After Transfiguration, you have Alteration. That is the magic of illusions and shadows. It's easier to project an image of something than to conjure up the sum of its parts. Instead of making a man from nothing, you make his image. Alterations cannot interact with things since they're simply apparitions.
“The final aspect is a rather new practice which can be difficult to master. It is called Captivation.” She paused for a moment to allow him time to finish his notes.
“What can you do with that?”
“Captivation is the art of the silver tongue. It can be used to persuade or manipulate others.”
“Isn't that dangerous?”
“It can be, but it's difficult. While requiring a great deal of concentration, it involves speaking at the same time. These two actions working simultaneously can be troublesome to achieve, and even the masters find it nearly impossible to control anyone for any considerable length of time. It can aid you in communicating with those who don't speak our common tongue, though. Birds, for instance.”
“You can talk to birds?” he asked, raising both eyebrows.
“Of course. They can be told simple directions, and many sorcerers use the smarter creatures for mundane tasks. My carrier pigeon last night had specific instructions, for example.”
When he finished penning, he reviewed his paper. “Energetics, Transfiguration, Alteration, and Captivation. Any others?”
“There are others, but they're very specialized, and they're often branches of these four aspects. Each sorcerer might also develop his own incantations, making our game both interesting and dangerous.” She rose to her feet. “Now, I shall teach you your first spell, young sorcerer. Stand.”
Trembling, he wondered if he was to become a frog or be turned into dust by a sudden charge of electricity. Ismerelda produced a rod made of intertwined shiny metals which seemed to have been bent in a spiral by the hands of a giant. A fiery red stone was set into the top of the scepter. The appearance of the rod, its craftsmanship and ornamentation, put his simple wand to shame by comparison.
“The most important spell a sorcerer can ever know is the invocation of dispelling. Many mages begin their training by learning simple offensive spells or changing water into milk. Not here, not at Ismerelda's training. Draw your wand.”
Unsheathing his wand, he held it out in front of him. “Please go easy on me. This is the first time I've been in offensive practice with someone else.”
“Nonsense. I won't hurt you, Laedron. Listen to the words as I speak them.” She spoke a phrase of magic words and made a swaying motion with her casting hand. Glints of white luminescence dripped from the end of the rod like a font of shimmering light.
He repeated the words and waved his hand back and forth with ease. Within a moment or two, pure light fell from the tip of his wand in the same manner.
“Practice makes perfect. Maintain the effect for as long as you can. Back and forth, side to side,” she said.
His confidence built as he maintained the spell, but it flickered once or twice each time he lost concentration.
“Back and forth, side to side. Concentrate. Good.” She lowered her wand to her side. “Keep it up.”
While waving his hand and repeating the invocation, he noticed that his head began to hurt. He found it difficult to concentrate, and his headache strengthened the longer he kept up the spell. After two minutes had gone by, he developed a searing migraine, and he fell to his knees just before three minutes had passed. The illuminated droplets trickled to a halt, his mind relaxing more and more until the last drop faded.
“You have the makings of a great mage inside you, Laedron Telpist. Most that I've taught weren't able to last half as long when they began their training. I'm impressed.” 
“That was excruciating, maybe even worse than you turning me into something unspeakable.” Taking her offered hand, he rose to his feet.
“I'd never do that to a student unless absolutely necessary. Magic is not a toy to serve as a whimsical joke. It should always be harnessed with great care and respect. The Zyvdredi learned that lesson the hard way.”
“It felt like someone striking me in the head relentlessly,” he said, rubbing his temples.
“Yes, but it tends to pass quickly. Once the spell has been dispersed, the headache will go with it.”
He dusted his knees to remove the specks of dirt gathered from the floor. “I do feel much better now, at least a lot better than a moment ago. What's next?”
“Next? We continue practicing this spell. I don't feel comfortable going on to anything else until you can perform this invocation in your sleep. Practice it a few more times, and then we'll go up for lunch.”
Swaying his hand back and forth, he repeated the incantations and maintained his concentration. Each time, the pain came right around the three-minute mark, and he fell to his knees in anguish. After each failure to maintain the spell, he recovered as quickly as he could and began again.
When he collapsed and took his head in his hands, she stood. “That's enough, young man. Are you hungry yet?”
He nodded, and she helped him to his feet before leading the way upstairs. He sat at the short dining table in the modest kitchen. “You don't have many dinner guests, do you?”
“Not for a long time now. I rarely have anyone other than my current apprentice here.” She pulled some bread, cheese, and fruits from the cupboard. She sliced them and served him a portion.
Thankful for his meal, he bowed his head in appreciation. Although light compared to his normal fare, he was satisfied with it. “I don't want to eat too much. Those headaches make me a little nauseous.”
“It will get better. I promise.”
“What were you saying of the Zyvdredi?” he asked.
Glancing at the countertop, she took a bit of cheese in her hand. “An old race, Laedron. They live in the northeast corner of our islands, just beyond the Kingdom of Falacore.”
“They were sorcerers?”
“Yes. Powerful mages drunk with a lust for power. They manipulated Falacore into their evil plots, and the Falacorans still cannot see how the plots were weaved.”
Swallowing the bread he had been chewing, Laedron asked, “What do you mean?”
“The Falacorans were mighty warriors. Still are. They could never believe the Zyvdredi were just using them, and the only way we found peace after the War of the Eagles was for the old, bad blood to die away.”
“They sound like fools,” Laedron said.
Ismerelda shook her head. “No, not fools. Just blind with loyalty, I'd say. After all, who do you believe? The ones you've been fighting tooth and nail for years or the ones who've always stood by you?”
Laedron nodded. “I see your point.”
“It serves as a lesson to us all,” she said. “Keep your eyes open and be suspicious of everyone's 'good intentions.' Finish up.”
“What's next?” he asked, eating faster.
Ismerelda smiled. “More practice, of course. What did you expect?”
When they finished eating, she led the way to the basement. “Each day, we'll practice dispelling for at least an hour until you can invoke it with hardly a second thought.”



Chapter Six
A Mysterious Messenger


He waved his wand, and the energies blinked into being. “Why is it so important? I'd think creating magic would be more essential than casting a spell that did away with it.”
She brought forth her rod and flung it toward him with the utterance of an incantation he didn’t recognize. Erupting from the tip of her scepter, a ball of energy flew across the room, then exploded with a flash when it struck an invisible barrier in front of him. His hand shook as the flash dissipated, and his own spell faded out of existence. With his realization of what she had done, Laedron’s heart filled with a fear of death.
She stared at him until he finished quivering. “That's why it's important, Laedron. Doing away with another mage's spell is key to your survival.”
His hand still twitched, and no matter how he tried, he couldn't control it. Having never been the target of an offensive spell before, Laedron had a hard time regaining his focus due to the exhilaration and sudden burst of adrenaline. “I understand. I didn't mean to be arrogant or dismissive, madam.”
Her stern exterior melted away, replaced by her usual kind countenance. “I didn't get a feeling of arrogance from you. I wanted to demonstrate the point in terms you'd remember from this day forward, and I think that you shall.”
He bowed his head in submission after he regained control of his body. “It was something I'll never forget.”
She walked across the room and sat at her desk. “Let us move on to the next lesson while there is still time left in the day. Have a seat.”
Sitting on his common chair at the smaller desk helped relieve some of the tension and buckling in his knees, and it eased his mind to know he wouldn't lose his balance and fall.
“Now, we'll go over a few of the basics of Transfiguration magic, the art of changing the world. What do you know about it?”
“I know that you said you can change something into something else with it. Ma used it to fix a hole in our wall once, but I didn't understand how. Didn't you say magic isn't permanent? The hole is still repaired to this day, as far as I can tell.”
“Transfiguration is an interesting and useful aspect of magic. Yes, you can change copper into gold or a man into a rabbit, but its uses are deeper than those superficial amusements. Allow me to demonstrate.” She drew a stiletto from her bodice. 
“What do you plan to do with that?” he shouted, falling backwards out of the chair.
Raising an eyebrow, she took a strip of cloth in her other hand. “You think I would demonstrate upon you, young man? Nonsense.” 
Relief washed over him, and he let out a deep sigh. “Sorry, madam. After the spell earlier, I didn’t know what you had in store for me.” 
She shook her head and cut a hole in the linen. “If you will calm yourself and come here, I'll show you how to repair it.” She gestured to his chair.
Wiping the sweat from his upper lip, he nodded. Returning to her side, he righted his chair and sat.
“Everything I do, I do so that you will be the best mage we can make, but you must trust me. Without trust, it is all for naught.”
Though he still carried a fear inside, he believed her. His mother had survived the training, after all. Surely Ma went through all this herself years ago, he mused before thinking of his sister. Will Laren be strong enough in a few years to follow our path?
As she chanted, she motioned with her rod in a circle over the tear. Taking on a luminous sheen, the cloth seemed to weave itself closed before his very eyes. When she completed the spell, she held the cloth out for his inspection. 
Flipping it on either side, he couldn’t detect a blemish or rip. “Interesting and quite impressive. Is there anything more to be gained beyond saving yourself a penny on a tailor’s service?” 
“The spell is useful for the repairing of wounds, also. That is its most common usage.”
“Healing wounds? I don't understand. Transfiguration magic is permanent?”
As she placed the bit of cloth to the side, she took a deep breath. “You can use magic to rejoin things which were broken, so to speak. So long as the magic weaves your skin together completely, it will remain joined because the magic is not what's holding it together any longer. Your skin naturally connects to itself.”
“What about things that aren't naturally held together?” 
“In that case, they would break apart rather easily, I would say. With nothing to hold them together, what else would happen?”
Laedron pondered that for a moment. “So why do the pillars still stand in the sea?” 
“The stone juts up from the water, but they defy nature by remaining for so long. The sea itself is a mystery, too. It was summoned by magic, yet it stays. These are two features of our world which have disobeyed every foundational rule of magic and nature I know. It's as if she truly was divine.”
“Surely there must be a way to reproduce that effect. There must be a way to make magic permanent. Azura can't be the only one capable of such things,” he said with a dismissive attitude.
Smiling, she said, “Naiveté is a luxury enjoyed by youth and fools. She was the most powerful of mages, Laedron. Her talents are not easily matched, and it's certainly not from a lack of want or trying.”
“Yes, but if she doesn't concentrate on it still, it must have been made perpetual somehow.”
Walking to a candle a few feet away, she peered into the dancing flame. “Mages have spent their entire lives trying to find such powers, young one. They spend their lives in pursuit of something that cannot be obtained, and they waste themselves and their talents.”
He stood and approached her. “Perhaps they don't know where to look.”
Turning to face him, her features became stern. “Perhaps not. Perhaps they are too blinded by their own greed and lust for infinite power. The power to create unceasing magic is the power to control all things. You could become immortal or invincible. You could change anything you held into gold or jewels, and it would remain that way.”
“You could do good with such an ability, too, Ismerelda.”
She turned away. “Through a desire to do good, many sorcerers have ended up walking a dark road. They did what they thought was right out of desire for their morality, but they eventually developed agendas which suited them out of pride.”
“You speak of magic as if you hate its spreading. Why teach me if it's so risky?”
Her eyes met his, and she smiled again. “I only tell these things to you so that you might be cautious and thoughtful. Many have come before you who were easily corrupted and hungry for control, young sorcerer.”
“I won't turn out that way.”
“I'm glad you at least have confidence in determining your own destiny. Let us continue to build your esteem of magic, shall we?”
“What do you have in mind for me next?”
The ends of her lips curled into a grin. “An important lesson, of course. Like all the others. Ready yourself.”
Standing across from her, Laedron held his wand at the ready. 
She eyed him. “Nullifying magic is important, but there are still ways around such spellcraft.”
He bobbed his head nervously. 
She continued, “As before, prepare your dispelling.”
Speaking the words, he swished his wand through the air, then white light appeared into existence around him. He felt some pride at first that the spell manifested faster than it had previously, but he feared what Ismerelda might do next.
“Now, here's where the trick comes in,” she said, flicking her wrist and muttering a phrase. The nearby candle post creaked and vibrated, leaning toward him. Releasing his spell, he dodged the falling pole and shielded his head with his forearm.
“Like all magic,” she said, “things put in motion by a spell will continue on their path until stopped by another force. In this case, it was the ground.”
“I doubt most mages would give me time to knock a candlestick into them. How is this practical?”
She took a deep breath. “No, but it does teach you to think of your surroundings. You don't always have to cast a spell at them; if your target is protecting himself from spells, you could use something else he isn’t expecting.”
“Is there any way to defend against such tricks?”
Nodding, she said, “In the circle, it is known as redirection. The energies of one spell can be transformed into another, but the result isn't as effective. However, it could mean the difference between a candlestick landing upon you and not. Ready yourself.”
As she stood the post upright, he took his stance again. 
“When it begins to fall toward you, adjoin the words for telekinesis to the dispelling incantation.”
After Laedron manifested his dispelling field, she manipulated the candlestick once more. Just as it fell, he redirected his spell into it; the pole took flight for a few feet before landing harmlessly on the floor.
“Excellent,” she said. “We shall practice this a while longer.”
The training went on through the evening, with Ismerelda hurling smaller offensive spells at him while he concentrated. He was able to repel her weaker conjurations with relative ease, and he lengthened the time he could concentrate on a single spell by several minutes before collapsing. Intermixed between the staged duels, she gave him an opportunity to practice redirection.
Before he realized it, they had returned upstairs to find nightfall setting upon the city. The first day of training was over, and he was both shaken and exhausted by everything he had seen and learned.
Leading the way to the kitchen, she said, “I'll make us something to eat. Do you care for quiche?”
Being unfamiliar with the word, he became confused. “What's a quiche?”
“It's a pie made with eggs and milk. I add salted meat to mine. I think you might enjoy it.”
To sample any of the items mentioned would be a welcome experience to his empty stomach. “It sounds delicious.”
Reaching into the waist flap of her blouse, she removed a small leather pouch. She produced a gold coin from the bag and handed it to him.
The gold piece reflected the gleaming torchlight of the kitchen into his eyes. Though he had heard stories of minted gold in the larger cities, the most valuable coin he had ever held was cast in silver. The image of the crown prince was stamped into the metal with ornate script scrawled along its perimeter. He gawked at it for a few moments before his gaze met hers again.
“Take that to the market and fetch us some things.” She wrote on a scrap of paper. “Here's a list of the things I'll need to make it. Go to the dairy stand first since he'll be the richest and most able to return the difference on that coin.”
Bowing his head to her, he said, “Yes, madam.”
He walked down the hallway, through the parlor, and into the narrow alley leading to the market square. Part from hunger and part from all the knowledge he had taken in that day, his head ached. The sun had set in the west, and the lantern tenders were busy with their appointed rounds of lighting the street posts.
Arriving at the market, he read over the list Ismerelda had written as he walked. Glancing up from time to time, he proceeded through the square to locate the dairy stall. After a few minutes of searching, he saw great wheels of cheese on display in front of a man wearing white linens.
The portly man kept a watchful eye on his goods as Laedron approached. Quite unlike the other merchants gathered in the market, he had a well-trimmed beard, short hair contained in a fashionable hat, and his clothes weren't marred by dirt or stains. “What can I get for you, lad?”
Glancing at the list, he looked at the table. “A quart of milk and some of that fine cheese there.”
“You're in luck, young man. The milk is fresh and cool. That'll be four silvers,” he said, gathering the order.
Laedron presented the gold coin to the dairy tender. Without a measure of hesitation, the man shelled out the difference. “Here you are, lad. Six pieces. A pleasure.”
Not wanting to seem surprised at holding six silver pieces in his hand, he pocketed the money and proceeded to the next item on the list. Having purchased almost all of the ingredients, he reached the last item—flour. He walked to the last place he had seen Marac and Bordric, and he found them there with their cart almost empty.
Marac's eyes lit up with excitement as Laedron approached. “Look who it is, Da.”
Gesturing to Laedron, Bordric smiled. “I'm going to give your ma a year's full supply of flour when we get back. We've made a small fortune making it to market first.”
“Do you have any flour left?” Laedron asked, eying the cart and hoping they hadn’t sold all of their stock.
“Of course! Take as much as you need, my boy,” Bordric said. 
Laedron found his generosity unusual, but he attributed it to his sudden, jovial demeanor. He pointed to a sack. “Thank you, Mr. Reven. I'll have that one.”
Hoisting the bag of flour from the cart, Marac handed it to Laedron. With a gruff sigh, Laedron threw it over his right shoulder and carried the other things under his left arm.
“Leaving so soon?” Marac asked. “You just got here.”
“I'm afraid so. I wish I could stay and talk, but Madam Ismerelda's waiting for me to get back with all this stuff so we can eat supper.”
Bordric rummaged through the cart for a moment and removed a small wooden crate. “Here, take this. I wouldn't want you dropping any of those things in the street.”
After placing his purchases into the box, he set the sack of flour over the top of it. “Thanks. It'll be much easier to carry like this.”
“We'll be in town for another half-day after tonight. I hope you can come visit again,” Marac said. “You know I always enjoy seeing you, my friend.”
Laedron nodded in reply, but knew he couldn't make any promises. “I'll try. See you soon.”
His eyes traced the grooves between the cobblestones as he walked back to Ismerelda's house. Seeing the Revens rekindled his memories of home, but the sentiments faded as the distance grew. Not long after leaving the market, he was surrounded by a sudden, strange feeling. He felt eyes tracing his every move, and he looked around for their owner. Hearing a set of footsteps behind him, he increased his speed. 
Arriving at Ismerelda's fence, he opened the gate, ran into the house, and locked the door behind him. Upon walking into the kitchen, he placed the crate on the floor near Ismerelda.
She was busy preparing everything for the meal from the materials she already had. “Is something bothering you, Laedron?”
“Just a strange man following me in the streets. A thief, most likely.” He paused. “I don't know how to feel about this quite yet... I feel strange about being here training in seclusion. It's nothing like what I expected.”
“The city's full of those who would take advantage of weaker ones.” She removed the items from the crate and arranged them on the counter. “Beyond that consideration, what is different?”
“I expected to go to Morcaine at first. I imagined that I'd be dressed in the academy robes like all the other students. It would've felt like a true scholarly experience, going to classes and staying in the dormitories.”
“I can tell you that dormitories are scarcely a grand experience. It's not what it's made out to be.” She shook her head.
“All the same, I had the image of what magic training was supposed to be in my mind. When Ma said I was coming here, I was more than a little upset.”
She stared at him, the corners of her mouth curling into a pleasant smile. “I'll try not to take that as an insult, young man.”
He waved his hands in the air. “No, you misunderstand me. Ma's always said wonderful things about you and your skill. It wasn't that I thought I wouldn't learn anything, but I knew you only take one student at a time. No dormitories, no other mages, just you and me the entire time.”
“That was disconcerting to you? I'd think a young sorcerer would want privacy and quiet to concentrate on his studies.”
“Forgive me, ma'am. I only thought about the possibility that I could meet others like me, young mages looking to learn spellcraft. Kindred spirits, you know?”
“There's plenty of time later to socialize, Laedron. Leave the loafing and time wasting to the dregs of the larger magic academies.”
Sitting on a stool opposite her, he gazed at her bitter expression. “You don't have a high opinion of mage schools, do you?”
She kneaded the flour into dough. “I've worked in several, including your precious Morcaine. They are spectacles of the world to all types of people. I've found them to be inefficient institutions which squander the talents of their occupants in exchange for mediocrity amongst the whole.”
“They can't be all bad. They've produced some of the greatest sorcerers in history.”
“Only out of luck and chance, most likely. The masters who have come out of there are a byproduct of an oppressive system, and each one of them that I've ever known broke away from their lackluster molds to become something much more impressive without being told the inner workings of magic. It had to be done on their own without the help of their teachers.”
She formed the dough onto a baking pan and combined the ingredients in a mixing bowl. “No, those fine academies are good at producing many, many average mages at one time, not a few exceptional ones, or even a few of passable, moderate skill.”
He considered her words. “The average ones could become something better, though. If they're trained in larger numbers, wouldn't it suffice to say that there's a higher chance for more extraordinary mages to be created from the process? Maybe the academies are useful in that respect.”
Grinning, she poured the mixture into the pan and covered it with another layer of dough. “Perhaps you're right. Many of them are doing better at the universities than they would have with no training at all, that's for certain.”
When she finished pinching the edges and cutting the remainder of the dough, she cut some slits in the top and put the pan in the oven. “Will you join me in the parlor for a drink?”
He followed her to the plush sofa near the front door. Opening one of the cupboards, she procured a tall glass bottle and two bronze goblets. The worn label was marked with a language he'd never seen.
“Where is that from, if you don't mind my asking such questions?”
She poured a clear sparkling liquid into each cup. “There once was an old kingdom to the southwest of here called Mescalan. The fertile region was known for its fine grapes.”
“Where L'est Mescala is now? You were around that long ago?”
She laughed. “Oh, no, Laedron. That was two thousand years ago or more. This bottle was made long after that kingdom fell to the Sorbians, to your people. The brewers still spoke the old tongue and knew the ancient recipes.”
Taking the goblet, he quaffed the wine, then coughed. “It's certainly dry, isn't it?”
“Yes, dry and stout. It grows finer with age,” she said, obviously enjoying hers.
He set his cup on the table. “Can you tell me more about Azura and her adventures?”
“I can tell you of how she began. It's a fitting story for a young sorcerer trying to find his place in the world.” Rearranging the pillows, she relaxed on the sofa. “You must remember that what I am about to tell you is considered heresy and blasphemy by the Heraldans, so don't repeat it in public.” Her words were an unkind reminder of the times in which he lived.
Leaning closer, he listened as she continued the tale. “Azura was born in the city of Uxidia, where the Heraldan church has raised its capital.”
His eyes widened. “She was born an Uxidin?”
“Yes, Laedron. She came two or three generations before me, but we knew each other well. Her parents were important to the village and held a venerable station. This was long before men created titles for themselves, but they could have been considered the rulers of that small country.
“All Uxidin children practiced magic openly, and the race of men were astounded by it when they arrived on our shores. Before their contact with our people, magic was the stuff of the Creator and fantastical creatures of the imagination. They became accustomed to our ways, and several of the first visitors were able to learn our magic. Azura had shown an aptitude for both spellcraft and teaching, so she was a natural choice to be an ambassador of sorts to those humans.
“Over the passing years, Azura made quite a name for herself amongst the vast numbers of humans who had come to settle in the area. Our land was fertile and pleasant but not without its dangers. In those days, it wasn't uncommon to encounter the undead in the plains.”
His jaw dropped. “Undead? That far to the west?”
Before speaking, she swallowed the wine in her mouth. “Yes, the undead wandered freely. They weren't contained to their swamplands because there simply weren't any armies or kingdoms willing to contain them, no one to rid the land of the defilers.”
“I don't quite understand. Why did the undead come?”
“They are simple, Laedron. Those who have died and returned obey the commands of their master. For over a thousand years, that master was Vrolosh. He was a practitioner of the dark art of Necromancy, an art that isn't commonly seen nor spoken of.”
“Was he Uxidin, too? I thought your race didn't dabble in evil magic.”
“No, something else entirely. He was of the Netheren, an undead derivative of the Zyvdredi, and he became immortal by his own hand; he wouldn't allow his thirst for power to be cut short by his own death. He sacrificed himself to the dark god Syril in exchange for everlasting life, but his tribute had to be paid: fresh souls for eternal torment.
“When Vrolosh returned, he set his eye upon all of Uxidia. The dual purpose was to deliver souls to his master while increasing the size of his army. Since Syril only needed the souls, Vrolosh could use the emptied bodies to fuel his war machine. At first, the pickings were easy for him.
“Azura's first call for an army fell on deaf ears. She asked the Uxidin to stand and fight for the land, but most of them refused her. It was better, in their eyes, to simply leave the land and settle elsewhere beyond Vrolosh's cadaverous reach. They argued they would be putting their immortality at risk, and the humans were hardly worth defending.”
“They were content to let innocent people die?” Laedron asked. “People who couldn't defend themselves?”
Ismerelda tilted her head. “Perhaps, but perhaps not. It's different for those who don't die to make easy decisions about war. The fact that they won't meet their end unless by a bizarre accident or their own willful act changes things. The decision is easier for men since their lives have a guaranteed conclusion, regardless of want or attempts at prevention.”
“What did Azura do?”
“She appealed to the humans to join her, which they did. Her promise was to aid them in defending their lands against the coming darkness and to teach them more of magic. They had little choice, as it was either annihilation at the hands of the undead or making a stand against them.
“Azura marched the ragtag militia far to the east to meet Vrolosh and his army, and the battle was terrible and vicious. When Vrolosh was nearly defeated and victory was in sight, the only thing that could be heard was the echoing of his laughter—a hideous noise felt deep in the bones.
“The dead rose and took up arms once again, surrounding our position at the center, and the necromancer was at the front of his forces. His pride and carelessness were his downfall. The earth turned to spikes, and the floodwaters came. Azura destroyed him once and for all, freeing us of his tyranny and his charges of their eternal service.
“After Tristan denied her, she was never seen again. The common people saw her as the Creator in earthly form because only she was able to undo the works of Syril. They equated that with divinity, thinking surely only a god could destroy something another god had created. Over the years, a cult developed, and that cult transformed itself into a church, which we now call the Heraldans. We are still divided to this day on the issue.”
Leaning back, he rested his head. “Why not tell others the truth of what happened?”
She laughed. “Such is heresy against the church. People don't want to be told what they believe is essentially a lie. Not only that, but I'm not truly convinced myself the Creator didn't have a part in her works that day.”
Confused, Laedron asked, “You think she could've been the Creator disguised?”
“Not exactly. I knew her parents, so I know she wasn't a goddess. However, the Creator may have worked through her. She performed feats of magic which hadn't been done before, nor have they been repeated since. Some say she was divine or was the cause of a divine intervention, and others say there was nothing spiritual about it. I can't decide one way or another for sure, and I was there when it happened.”
Laedron smiled for a second, his eyes locked on hers. “Thank you.”
“For what, Laedron?” she asked, confusion in her voice.
His mind swam with thoughts of distant, foreign lands teeming with adventure. “For telling me that story. I could listen to your stories for hours on end. I bet you have quite a few to tell.”
“More than I could ever tell. More than I'd ever want to say.” From her tone of voice and the downward cast of her eyes, he could tell that she had seen many things that didn't bear repeating. 
“Those memories are best served staying in the back of my mind.” She paused and closed her eyes, no doubt peering at the mental images of events she'd witnessed firsthand. “Not long after the war, my people left those lands and scattered themselves around the world. My family went to live in the forest now called Evdurein, but I find the comforts of this city more to my liking.”
“But why?” he asked. “Would you not rather be with your people?”
“I enjoy teaching magic. If I were to teach it in the forest, your kind could never come to learn. Outsiders aren't allowed in Uxidi settlements anymore, so here I stay.”
“Why are your people so reclusive now?” 
“After the Great War, the elders of my people decided it was best for our kind to separate ourselves from others and live in isolation. Arrangements were made between the sovereigns and our kind that our lands wouldn't be disturbed or impeded upon so long as we were allowed a parcel of land on which to live. It was mutually beneficial.”
He nodded. “I see. Your people never have a yearning to explore and adventure in the world, though?”
Her face relaxed until her mouth formed a grin. “Of course we do. Uxidin are not without their passions. I live outside the fold, as do some others. We keep to ourselves or adventure on our own most of the time. We aren't banned from your human lands, but my people do prefer their privacy for the most part.”
The delightful scent of baked quiche wafted into the parlor. The aroma was enough to make Laedron's stomach grumble with expectation, regardless of how nauseous he had felt a short time before.
“That should be sufficient,” she said. “Let's have a look, shall we?”
Standing, she walked to the kitchen, and he followed close behind. She removed the quiche from the oven and placed it on the stovetop, the steam escaping from the slots in the crust. She sliced it and served him a generous piece.
Passing his lips, the crust crumbled, then dissolved in his mouth. The meat and egg played upon his taste buds all at once, each fighting for their turn to delight his palate. Both of them turned their heads to the hallway at the sound of someone knocking on the dense front door.
Ismerelda glanced at Laedron, then stared at the door. “Wait here. I'll see what it's about.”
After she walked out, Laedron crept to the door of the kitchen to spy. She opened the front door, revealing a cloaked figure standing on the other side.
“How might I help you?” Ismerelda asked.
Speaking in an authoritative tone, the man said, “No need to be coy with me, Ismerelda. You know exactly who I am, and we have no time for games.”
“No time for the formalities?” she asked. “Very well, then. What do you want of me?”
“We're in perilous times.” The man removed his cowl. “You are needed at the enclave as soon as you can arrive.”
“I'm training a new student. Can it wait?” 
He passed her a parchment scroll. “It's of great importance. Bring the new one with you. He won't be safe on his own.”
She eyed the messenger, a deep concern reflected in her speech. “When will they be meeting?”
“In five days hence, madam. I know it's short notice, but the archmage wouldn't have called an enclave unless he deemed it absolutely necessary. Make haste.” Finishing, he turned and walked away.
Ismerelda closed the door and returned to the kitchen. Laedron was quick to sit in his seat and appear as if he hadn't been listening.
“Is everything all right?” he asked when he saw her face wrought with worry.
She opened the scroll. “Things are happening, Laedron. The archmage is concerned about the recent happenings with the Heraldan church. He's calling an enclave.”
Taking a deep breath, he asked, “What does all that mean exactly, madam?”
“All practicing mages of the Circle are bound to meet at the enclave when it's called. I can't even recall the last time it happened or under what circumstances, but the archmage wouldn’t have summoned us without good reason. We must go to Morcaine.”
His heart fluttering with an unrestrained eagerness, he licked his lips. “Morcaine?”
With a bow of her head, she said, “Yes, the vast Morcaine, a city of many splendors—and intrigue, depending upon your fancy.”
“I've always wanted to see it,” Laedron said, composing himself. “I'm sorry for being so excited, madam.”
“You're more avid to go than I am. I fear for what may happen.” She rubbed her forehead and looked down at the scroll again. “We'll leave at noon, the day after tomorrow. Go and get some rest.”
After hastily undressing for bed, he lay awake with his back against the mattress, staring at the stars through the window. I wonder if Ma or Laren are looking at these same stars, he mused. I hope they’re safe, whatever may come. Following his prayer for blessings and good fortune, he turned away from the window and fell asleep.
The next morning, he rose to the smell of breakfast drifting across his nose. Little time remained before they would be off to the capital, and he had no doubt in his mind that Ismerelda would want to make the best use of it. After pulling up his breeches and grabbing his wand, he went to the landing and descended the stairs.
“Good to see you awake.” She lowered a parchment scroll she’d been reading and gazed at him. “There is much to do.”
“Another message?”
“The same one, but no matter.” Placing the paper on the counter, she stepped to the side, revealing a platter of food. “When you finish your meal, join me in the cellar once again.”
Not wanting to keep her waiting, he ate as quickly as he could without giving himself a stomachache. Once in the cellar, he sat at his desk and opened his spellbook.
“Now I shall teach you of the Alteration aspect. Though I would usually begin with a recount of dispelling and redirection before any new material, we’re deprived of time.”
He nodded, dipped his quill in the ink, and took notations while she spoke. 
“As I explained, Alteration magic deals with illusions. In order to make a mirage, you must be familiar with what you are trying to mimic. The more complex the apparition, the harder it will be to maintain.
“Even though an illusory image cannot interact with the material world, it can still be convincing. It’s also easier to create than the actual thing. Whereas making a real human is a daunting task, summoning the mere image of one is often plenty to accomplish the effect.”
“Could you, in theory, create a whole new person?” Lifting his quill, he glimpsed the stern expression on her face.
“You could, but there is little evidence of this occurring and even less concluding such magic has ever ended well.”
“But it has been done?”
“Yes, but without permanency. Anything created by magic returns to the void, including living things. Now, we shall practice. Ready yourself.”
Standing, he drew his wand, but Ismerelda remained seated. With a wave of her rod, she chanted, and an exact copy of herself glimmered beside her. Shortly afterward, the image’s shimmering outline faded, and it looked just as she did. She chanted and moved her wand, and the illusion responded as if controlled like a marionette. When she closed her eyes and grew silent, the mirage ceased.
He imagined the many uses of such a spell. “Impressive.”
“In order to perform the enchantment, you must be intimately familiar with the subject to be imitated. Your wand—create a replica of it.”
Taking a deep breath, he swished his wand from side to side and repeated the words. The image flickered in and out of being before it was lost completely. “I can’t.”
“Can’t you? Concentrate.”
“Might I select a different subject?”
Her face drooped. “I would think any mage could recall the details of his own wand with little trouble, but you’ve intrigued me. Go ahead and make whatever you’d like.” She folded her hands on the desk.
Taking his stance again, he grasped the wand tightly when it vibrated between his fingertips, and uttered the incantation. Not long after, the old oak from Reven’s Landing shimmered in front of him, replete with every detail he could recall. Even scenes from his memories appeared, the events and people portrayed just as he remembered them.
“Creator!” Leaning forward, she watched the apparitions while they danced and played. “This place must have been important to you.”
Bobbing his head, he released the spell. “The most important. It was my favorite spot in Reven’s Landing.”
“I remember a place much like the clearing by your tree from my own childhood.” She smiled. “A long time ago and so hard to see now.”
“Care to tell me of it?” He sat on his chair.
“My memories have become cloudy over the years, especially those before the time of the Great War. What I could once recall with hardly a second thought now resides in an obscured, dark place in my mind. Such is the cost of being immortal.”
“How far back can you actually remember?”
“Of course, I remember Azura and the early years. They were a major part of my life and not easily forgotten. Beyond that, I can easily recall things from the last fifty years or so, and some other things with more difficulty. Some things are lost, such as the finer details of my ancient youth. I envy you in that respect.”
“I would think it would be the other way around. To live forever is a tempting prospect.”
“Tempting for those who do not, young man.” She dipped her head. “If I didn’t have my steady flow of new students, I would likely go insane like some of the others.”
“Their age drove them to madness?”
Her lips tightened into a frown. “The same thing happens with your aged humans from time to time; the loss of your most precious memories comes with deep anguish. Likewise, my kind suffers these effects, but we’re never released from the pain through death—unless by our own hand or another’s.”
Seeing her face riddled with sadness, he said, “I’m sorry to ask about it.”
“No need to be sorry.” She took a deep breath, cleared her throat, and looked at him. “Let us continue.”
Dipping his quill in the vial, he wrote as she spoke. 
“The last of it is Captivation magic, and it’s a rather new art. Though you can use it to exert control over another, its common practical use is to communicate with others who do not share your tongue. And animals.
“The incantation is spoken, and you must concentrate while you speak. The power of magic converts the words into its base emotions and thoughts, conveying them to the recipient in their rawest form. That’s why we can communicate with animals in this way, although they may not always understand our meaning. Advanced beings are capable of higher thought and feelings, so remember that when trying to talk to a squirrel.”
He nodded. “And what of control?”
“To influence another in this method is a great feat indeed. You must concentrate while bringing out the thoughts you want to portray. Then, you must strengthen these thoughts to draw them to act the way you want. It’s not a method of commanding them outright; you use your powers to sway them one way or another.”
“Can you give me an example, perhaps?” He poked his lower lip with the quill.
“Let us suppose that you were angry with me, and I would prefer you to be cordial. I would then speak the incantation to bring about the spell and feed positive thoughts of myself directly to your mind—especially those which I feel would be the most effective.”
“How do you do that?”
“I would take what I know of you, or if I didn’t know you well, I would study what I could of you. From what I know of you personally, I would liken myself to your mother. I might choose to expound upon your fantasies of me with your being a young, vigorous male.”
Averting his eyes, he felt a flash of heat fill his cheeks. “I would never… You’re my teacher…”
“Don’t take it as a point of contention. I simply meant to prove a point.”
“Yes, madam.”
“Use whatever you can learn of an opponent to your advantage. Now, let’s practice. I shall go first.” Presenting her rod, she chanted.
Little more than a dim glow manifested, but he knew the spell was working when the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. The blade of the stiletto gleamed in her hand after she drew it, and fright rose within him. The dagger became his sole focus of attention, and his fear grew stronger until she released the spell. He quivered even after the magic had dispersed, then wiped his brow on his shirtsleeve.
“A strong sensation, is it not?” Lowering her scepter, she returned it to the desk. “Your turn.”
“What sort of feeling should I portray?”
“Whatever you like.”
He concentrated while speaking the words and holding his wand in front him. With his memory selected, he closed his eyes and streamed his consciousness across the room. He could almost feel the water pass over his chin, then his mouth, his nose, and finally the top of his head. Though the memory of nearly drowning in the pond near Reven’s Landing was two years old, he recalled every detail of the experience and the feeling of death creeping into his body.
Twisting her head, Ismerelda held her breath. She even stretched her arms in an effort to swim. She gasped and screamed, “No more!”
She choked on the air when he released the spell, then she inhaled deeply. “Never do that again.”
“But you said—”
“I know what I said. I should have been clearer.”
“I’m sorry, madam. I only meant to impress you.”
Closing her eyes, she bobbed her head. “You have. Do not doubt your potential.” While she composed herself and caught her breath, Laedron sat in silence. “Practice your dispelling for a while, and we’ll break for the rest of the day.”
“Shouldn’t we use our time as best we can? You want to stop early?”
She nodded. “I don’t feel like I can continue. We still have some time on the trip, so worry not.”
Through the rest of the day, he trained with little conversation. Each time he finished a spell, he glanced at her, but her mind seemed to be in another place. Only the odd mistake brought comment from his teacher, and he felt ashamed of what he had done. In his mind, he had caused her bottomless despair, having brought an immortal to the brink of death in her own mind. Her resulting demeanor made him feel dirty for penetrating her thoughts, and though he had already apologized, he wanted to beg her forgiveness.
When he could no longer see sunlight from the stairwell, he stopped. What felt like an eternity passed before she seemed to notice. “It’s night, madam. Should I retire?”
Nodding, she propped her head on her hand. Before ascending the stairs, Laedron turned to look at Ismerelda one last time, and she maintained her blank expression. 
Upon entering his room, he retrieved his bedclothes from the dresser and went to the bathroom. Pulling the handle on the pump, he drew a bath. His head still ached somewhat from the earlier lessons, but the cool water would do little to alleviate the pain. He undressed, stood over the water, and thought, I'm tired of taking chilled baths. For once, I'd like to have some hot water.
He rummaged through his clothes and located his wand, and he grinned mischievously. Placing the tip of the wand into the water, he spoke an incantation and swirled it around. The white porcelain reflected the warm yellow and orange light dancing through the water until waves of heat spiraled from the surface.
He dipped his toe first, followed by a foot, and then his entire leg. Finally, he brought his other leg into the tub and lowered his body into the hot water. Though it was uncomfortably warm at first, he didn't care; a hot bath was a rare luxury. The water loosened and relaxed his muscles from the tension they had carried all day. More importantly, the heat drew out the sharp jolts sparking across his brain.
The water drifted around his body while he daydreamed of his home in Reven’s Landing. He remembered scenes from his early childhood he had thought lost and forgotten. For a brief moment, he saw his mother's face, young and fair, and the face of his father. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't hold on to the fleeting memory. Recalling his home in the clearing the way he had last seen it, he felt a yearning to return and see his mother and sister once more. He found he was both anxious and apprehensive about going to Morcaine, whereas only days before, he’d wanted to go there more than anything in the world. Ismerelda's words echoed through his mind and made him feel a certain need for caution going forward, but to experience the splendors of which he’d been told was exciting, regardless of the dangers.
When the water cooled, he exited the tub, dried off, and dressed in his bedclothes. Before he reached his room, he saw the flickering glow of light from downstairs. Ismerelda was still awake, but he decided not to disturb her. With mixed emotions and thoughts, he drifted off to sleep.



Chapter Seven
The Road to Morcaine


He awoke early the next morning to clamoring and bustling from below, and he was quick to dress, grab his wand, and shuffle down the stairs. Finding Ismerelda packing, he breathed a sigh of relief; the mysterious man’s visit the night before had filled Laedron with angst.
“Ah, you're awake,” she said as he entered the room. She returned to her packing as quick as she'd turned to see him.
Rubbing the back of his neck, he nodded. “I heard a commotion down here.”
“I'm sorry if I woke you. We have much to do today, and I wanted to get a fresh start.”
“It's your house, madam. No need to apologize.” He still felt some regret for causing her pain the previous night.
Watching her stuff the bag, he thought it might burst at the seams if anything else was added.
“That should be enough for this trip,” she said, letting out a sigh.
He walked over and put his hand on her traveling bag. “I'll take it to the door for you.”
“Thank you.”
He lifted the bag. “What in the world do you have in here?”
“I assure you everything in there is necessary, but that's all I can say.”
After putting down the bag, he massaged his lower back. “Yes, ma'am.”
“Help yourself to some fruit if you like. I haven't had time to cook this morning, and we have much to go over before we leave.”
“Training? This morning?”
She laughed. “Certainly. We must make the most of our time, Laedron.”
He remembered how the training session had gone the night before. “I hope you aren’t angry after what happened.”
“Not in the least, young man.” She led the way to the basement. “It was a strong sensation, but no permanent damage was done.”
She lit the candelabras and torches as he took his seat. Having drawn her rod, she whispered as a flame rose from the tip of it. “We're going to move on to some more advanced incantations today. I wanted to spend more time on the basics, but there's no time for that.”
Twiddling his fingers, he asked, “Advanced spells? Isn't that dangerous for a neonate?”
“Not if you do them right,” she said, letting out a laugh. “You'll be fine. Just pay close attention.”
Her hands swayed back and forth as she spoke her invocation until a sudden burst of energy shot out and struck a training target across the room. When the smoke cleared, the dummy lay in two smoldering pieces.
“I performed it slowly. You'll need to cast it much faster,” she said, ushering him in front of the next target.
Waving his wand, he repeated the words, trying to keep his hand from shaking.
She placed her hand on his shoulder and whispered, “Don't be afraid of it. So long as you point your wand away from yourself, you won't be harmed.”
He nodded and continued. Sparkling energy flashed just past his fingertips until it cracked through the air. The training dummy flew against the wall after the magic struck it, and he gasped with exhilaration.
“Good. Now, do it vigorously. Put everything you have into the spell and do it faster.”
He swayed his hand again with a tight grip on the wand. Summoning all of the anger and frustration he had from the bottom of his soul, he watched the bolt crash into his target. Ismerelda walked over to where the dummy had once stood and took a pile of ash into her hands.
Eager to hear her reaction, he called out to her. “Was that good? Did I do it well?”
She turned to look at him, disbelief written all over her face. “You've never practiced that spell before?”
“No, ma'am. Ma wouldn't ever allow it.”
She returned to his side. “Yes, that was good.”
“Should I try it again?” he asked, wanting to please her with his abilities.
“No, that won't be necessary, Laedron. I think you've got it. Record what notes you need in your book.”
Scurrying to his desk, he penned his notations in the book, but he soon felt her eyes watching him. He glanced at her. “What's wrong, ma'am?”
Her eyes moved from his to the floor. “You have the makings of a great mage inside you. I find it odd you were able to perform that spell in such a powerful manner this early in your training, and the same goes for the Captivation spell last night.”
“I only did as you asked. They weren’t difficult.” 
She sat at her desk. “Indeed. Are you ready to go?”
“It's still hours until noon. You wish to go so soon?” He raised his eyebrow.
“We can continue your studies along the road. I thought you'd need more practice, but I was mistaken. You seem to learn just as easily by instruction alone.”
“I like to practice, though.”
“We'll have time for you to practice once we reach Morcaine. Until then, I'll lecture you on magic. Fetch your things and meet me in the parlor.”
She pulled several large tomes from the nearby bookshelf and took great care in placing them in a knapsack. Bowing his head, he went to his room to gather his meager possessions. In the parlor, he picked up her bag in his free hand. Grinning, she opened the door, leading the way to the narrow alley and out to the main street.
“I'll hire a coach to take us to Morcaine,” she said. “Wait here with our bags while I fetch one.”
He watched while she crossed the street before disappearing in the distance. Feeling uneasy standing there, he could only guess what kind of valuables were in the bag he had been left to protect, but he tried not to think about it. He hoped she would return soon.
After what seemed like an eternity, a coach drawn by four horses stopped in front of him. The door opened to reveal Ismerelda offering her hand. “Come along, Laedron. Let's be off.”
When he finished loading the bags, he climbed into the carriage and noticed the interior of the cab had seen much better days. “I wouldn't have expected you to ride in something like this.”
“I had to take what I could find. All the fine coaches must've been rented already. It'll get us there, though.”
After he closed the door, the driver cracked the reins, and the coach took off down the cobbled road toward the gatehouse. The complacency and security of being within the walls of Westmarch were soon replaced by the uncertain environs of endless countryside and forests. Being paved and sturdy, the road between Morcaine and Westmarch afforded the riders some stability and comfort. Gaining speed, the coach rocked from side to side, and the city disappeared from view behind them.
“I've traveled this road many times,” Ismerelda said, drawing the curtain next to her. “I paid the driver extra to skip most of the stops, but we'll be forced to stay overnight at a roadside inn along the way.” 
Staring out across the endless plains, he said, “I wish there was a way to send word to Ma. I'm afraid of what might happen to her and Laren.”
“There's no need to worry about them. They'll be safe in Reven’s Landing.”
“How can you be so sure?” 
“Though records still exist of her and Laren, neither are practicing Circle mages. As such, their records are buried beneath the more pertinent, current ones. If we keep our mouths shut about them, they’ll remain safe.”
“I'm certainly not going to tell anyone. It'd kill me if anything happened to them.”
Smiling, she watched him for a few moments. “You truly love your family, don't you?”
“Yes, ma'am. They're all I have.”
“They'll be fine. It's us I'm worried about.”
“Why's that?”
“We're going to the enclave, of course. Rest assured, mages aren't the only ones who know about this meeting, Laedron. Our only advantage is that it was called with short notice.”
“You think they're going to attack the Circle?”
“Possibly. We must be on our toes in Morcaine. If the Grand Vicar has any knowledge of the enclave gathering, he will undoubtedly send his agents against us.”
He raised his hands. “Then, why go? We could hide out and be safe.” 
Giving Laedron a caring look, she said, “We must do as we're commanded. The archmage wouldn't tolerate my absence from this meeting, and we're of the Circle. Besides, any open attack on the academy would be met with staunch resistance by over a hundred sorcerers.”
“What does that mean, 'of the Circle?’”
“Circle mages are those who are bound to the lawful and orderly practice of magic. We have rules of conduct which forbid us from performing the dark arts, such as death magic. If you aren't a Circle mage, you're an outcast.”
“Are there many outcasts?”
“None that I know personally. Those who are cast out from the Circle's graces often meet their end rather quickly. We police ourselves so we aren't policed by outsiders. Of course, it would seem the Heraldan church isn't appeased by that notion any longer, and they would see us all destroyed.”
“There must be another way. Surely something as benevolent as the Heraldan church wouldn't kill all of us indiscriminately.”
“I think you put too much faith in the good intentions of others.” Clasping her hands across her lap, she relaxed against the cushioned bench. “One man's good intent can quickly become another's execution order—all in the name of Azura, of course.”
“Mages and the church have existed for a long time without war. Why must things change?”
“The puritanical edicts of Tristan IV will change things. They don't trust our ability to use magic responsibly, and their mistrust doesn't come without reason.”
“Ma used to tell us stories of sorcerers who used their magic for malicious purposes. Is that what you mean?”
Bowing her head briefly, she continued, “Yes. There've been many in the past, but the frequency has increased of late. Most of them come from foreign schools, though; Sorbian academies don't have nearly as many expulsions per year.”
“Rogue students are causing it? Why are they trying to punish everyone, then?”
“In their eyes, we're the problem. Circle mages run the academies and create these outcasts. Thus, they intend to go straight to the root of the issue. To close the mage schools and do away with us would be their greatest victory.”
Folding his arms, he leaned back against the cushions. “And they'll be the only ones left in control of magic.”
She nodded. The road stretched before the coach and the miles passed beneath its wheels. The countryside, not unlike that of his home, marched past the windows. The hours went by with little more than Ismerelda's lectures on spellcraft, which Laedron recorded in his spellbook.

* * *

Long into the night, they arrived at the roadside inn. The coach slowed to a stop in a wide, cobbled circle set off from the highway, and he saw the driver hop down from the front of the coach and walk alongside to open the door for them.
“Thank you, driver,” Ismerelda said, extending her hand and stepping out of the cab.
Exiting behind her, Laedron took the bags from the trunk, and she led him into the entry room of the large inn. Its sturdy, wooden construction was out of place; the structure had been built in a curve of the road which wasn’t noteworthy or particularly interesting. When they walked past the solid double doors, he saw straw overhanging the entryway from the roof like fingers luring and inviting any who approached. 
The great common room was unlike anything he had seen before. A huge chandelier hung from the ceiling, the crystal fixtures illuminated by the innumerable candles along its arms. Men and women dressed in strange, wondrous garments sat about the common room. He was busy trying to match their appearances with the stories his Ma had told him of foreign countries, but he was hard pressed to tell an Al’Qaran from a Gotlander, or an Almarian from a Sibelian. He could recognize the Sorbian businessmen and the Cael’brilans since they were common in his homeland, but he found it impossible to discern the origin of the others. To serve the patrons, several barmaids hustled through the cramped spaces, and Laedron found it impressive how they could maneuver the crowds with such speed while carrying trays laden with orders. The place was noisy, the crowd boisterous, and the smell of beer, liquor, and a variety of food blended into a scent both pleasant and offensive at the same time.
They squeezed between customers to get to the bar. A plump man stood behind it with assorted stains on his blouse as he polished and dried a beer stein. “What can I get ya?”
“A decent room and a meal taken to it,” she replied. “As quick as you can manage, too. We’re tired from the road.”
The barkeep shook his head and grumbled, “Rooms're full, miss. Nothin' left.”
She pulled a coin from her bodice and slid the gold sovereign across the counter. “Can you find one? We'd like to get some rest.”
When he saw the gold piece, his eyes widened. He covered it with his hand and glanced around with a suspicious eye. “Aye, miss. We'll find ye somethin'.”
She smiled as he whispered to a maid. Getting close enough to be heard without shouting, the barmaid walked around the counter next to Ismerelda. “This way, madam.”
Laedron, dragging the bags on every step, followed Ismerelda and the maid up the stairs. At the end of the hallway, they finally arrived in front of a door which the maid unlocked with a brass key. Inside, he put the bags down near the stylish bed dominating the center of the room.
“Enjoy your stay, folks,” the barmaid said, closing the door behind her.
Looking at Ismerelda, he cleared his throat. “Um, there's just one bed here.”
“We'll have to share it, I'm afraid. It's large enough to accommodate us both.”
He pulled at his collar. “You don't find it awkward?”
“Why would I? We'll only be sleeping. Compromises must be made on the road sometimes.”
He dipped his head, his heart racing faster at the thought. Remembering the comments she had made during the Captivation training, he was tense about sharing a bed with Ismerelda. Her words had only served to bring his true feelings to the forefront. Her fit, youthful body and choice of clothing often dragged his mind into thoughts of intimacy, and he feared waking in the morning with his hands or face in a compromising position. He had no illusions about a relationship with her; he would never pursue his teacher, and he imagined she would have little to do with someone a hundredth of her age.
“I'll sleep on the floor.”
She eyed him for a moment. “What's wrong? The bed's much more comfortable.”
He rubbed his neck as he felt his temperature and anxiety rising. “I'd feel better about it if I did.”
Smiling, she put her hand on his shoulder. “Don't worry, Laedron. There's nothing to be nervous about. We'll simply be lying there asleep. All right?”
His head dipped, and his eyes locked on the floor. “Yes, madam.”
“I can't have you walking around with pains and aches from slumbering on the floor now, can I?”
“I suppose not, madam.”
He heard a knock on the door, and Ismerelda opened it. A different bar maid from before offered a makeshift wooden tray filled with a variety of food, and she tipped the servant a silver and took it.
“The innkeeper is kind to have given us so much,” he said, looking over the platters.
“’Tis hardly kindness. He was paid well.” After setting the food on the chest of drawers against the wall, she took the leanest plate of meat for herself.
He made a sandwich from the rye slices and a cut of roast. They were quiet as they ate, both deeply involved in their own thoughts. 
He brushed his shirt clear of crumbs when he finished. “What's Morcaine like?”
She finished chewing and swallowed. “It's quite a vast city, Laedron. The royal palace and its accompanying gardens lay in the center, surrounded by the seats of government and the nobles' homes. The common houses lay outstretched in every direction from there.”
“And the academy?”
She glanced at the ceiling as if picturing the school in her mind. “The spires reach into the sky, towering above the city below. Hundreds of sorcerers can be seen scurrying across the grounds before nightfall each day. It's certainly a spectacle, one that you'll undoubtedly witness tomorrow.”
“We'll be there so soon?”
“Oh, yes. We leave here at dawn, and a swift ride will bring us to the city by dark. I have a friend in Morcaine, Carlson, who operates a boarding house where we can stay. Are you ready for bed?”
He swallowed deeply. “Not yet… Perhaps I could practice some of the spells you taught me on the ride?”
“Very well,” she said, covering her mouth before she yawned. “Begin when you’re ready.”
He stood and presented his wand. Though tired from the journey, he thought it best to delay. “Yes, madam.”
Over the course of the next hour, he practiced and showed that he had remembered the things she had explained on the ride. He made himself float for a few moments before turning invisible, and then he invoked a beam of light that illuminated the room and made it too bright to see anything. He repeated the incantations until she was content with his performance.
“Good, Laedron. You've taken to these basic spells very well indeed.”
Smiling, he felt satisfaction and a sense of achievement building. “Thank you.”
“Are you ready for bed now?” she asked.
He paused, trying to find a topic of conversation to ease his mind and his nerves. “What’s the Circle like?”
“It's like any other large group, really—noisy, boisterous, and lacking any real usefulness.”
“You don't have a high opinion of it, do you?” he asked, scratching his ear.
Leaning against the backboard, she grinned. “You could tell? I have a low tolerance for inefficiency and bureaucracy, that's all. They waste time with words instead of taking action that might help someone.”
He nodded as he climbed into the bed, still dressed in his clothes, and careful to preserve the space between them. “It sounds rather boring.”
“Indeed.” She pulled the covers over her body, separating the thick comforter from the sheet. “It amazes me sometimes how so many can do so little.”
“Yes, madam.” He remained above the covers, and she turned on her side.
“Good night, Laedron.” The room grew dark when she extinguished the lantern.
He turned on his side and faced away from her. The moon was full, casting a dull glow into the room. The twinkling stars reminded him of a story his mother used to tell him about the ancient wizards who came before, that they each occupied a special place in the heavens to watch the people below. Over the years, he had realized those stories were nothing more than tales to be told, creations of wishful thinkers to entertain children and fools. Still, he felt he would give anything to hear those stories again. To hear those stories would mean he was back at home with his family, the troubles forgotten in the innocence of childhood and the peacefulness of the Reven’s Landing seaside he adored.
Those days had passed, though; he was a man, charged with learning the arts of magic like his ancestors had before him. He was jealous of the simpler days enjoyed by Marac and his other friends where the most pressing matters were little more than deciding which bar to visit or maiden to woo. His feelings of danger and uneasiness persisted as well, the thought that mages might be hunted like wild animals already promised for an enormous feast. He wished he could stay in the relative safety of the inn forever and live out his days as a plain dishwasher or waiter for the weary patrons.
He held onto those thoughts of an easier life until he slumbered, but the next morning came sooner than expected. He was roused from his dreams by the slamming of the door and the jingling of another platter of food.
“Nothing special this morning, I'm afraid.” Ismerelda set the tray on her side of the bed. “A few biscuits, a couple of eggs, and some jellied fruit. It would seem this place isn't renowned for its morning meal.”
He rubbed his eyes and yawned, averting his face from the sunbeams pouring through the nearby window. “What time is it?”
“Just after dawn. We must get moving if we're to arrive before the first conclave.”
He clambered to his feet and took a fried egg and a biscuit from the plate. “There's more than one conclave?”
Nodding, she moved her luggage beside the door. “Yes. The Sorbian contingents must arrive on the first day since we are closest. The second day is more of a social affair with festivities and mingling, and the third is the great conclave where all circle sorcerers must appear.”
“All of them?” he asked, straightening his clothes and eating the egg biscuit at the same time.
“Yes. Well, all those who don't have matters too pressing to leave them unattended. Those who are too far away are excused, of course.”
He was filled with anticipation and hope. “Will my ma be there?”
She turned to him and paused before continuing with the baggage. “No, I'm afraid not. She's retired from the Circle's affairs and is no longer summoned for enclave.”
He finished the last bite and helped her. “This all isn't as glamorous as I once thought.”
She smiled. “Nothing is once you get into the grit of it. What once was new and interesting becomes another routine bogged with drudgery. It's always been that way.”
“It's still exciting, but I'm afraid of what may come.” Hearing another knock on the door, he patted his hair to make sure it wasn’t wild and unkempt.
“Don't worry, my boy. I requested a porter from the barmaid when she delivered breakfast.” She opened the door for the steward to carry their belongings to the coach. “Whatever will come will come. Only the Creator can see to the future.”
They walked through the common room and followed the porter past the many guests sleeping off the festivities from the night before, seemingly wherever they had passed out. He shook his head at the thought of losing consciousness at a table only to resume when the liquor began to flow again.
She looked back, watching him as he eyed the crowd. “It's a vicious cycle for some, as if they arrive at the inn only never to escape.”
He could hardly believe what he was hearing. “They live like this?”
“The simple pleasures of common folk with nothing better to do. What little money they have, they squander on their lively nights.”
The steward opened the door and loaded the last of the bags into the rear trunk before helping Ismerelda into the cab. Once Laedron was inside, the driver slapped the reins, and the coach took off with a jolt.
He watched Ismerelda while she stared out the window, a vacancy in her stare. Under any other circumstances, he would have taken the quiet as a sign to strike up a conversation and give in to his anxiety, but he sat in stillness. He found a strange sort of peace in the eventuality of knowing what was going to happen, even though most predictions ended in a war between the two powerful factions—the Heraldan church and the Circle of Sorcerers.
After many hours had passed with no conversation, she finally turned to him and said, “We're close now. Our driver has made good time.”
The coach continued climbing the hill until they felt it drive level at the crest, revealing in an instant the vast city beyond. His stomach turned with a volatile mixture of excitement and nervousness at the sight of towering spires, magnificent palaces, and the sprawling expanse of houses and buildings extending to either horizon. He had thought Westmarch was a large city when he first observed it. Surely, he thought, Morcaine must be the largest city in the world.
“Morcaine, my boy,” she said, leaning forward to look out the window. “This is one place I could've never seen again and been happy.”
Laedron rubbernecked, trying to catch a glimpse of anything he could see. “You don't like the city?”
“It’s a spectacle to behold, that's certain. High-reaching spires and the whole achievements of a race can be found within their walls. The streets are always fraught with perils, though. Keep a stern eye on your belongings here, young man.”



Chapter Eight
A Spectacle to Behold


Rustling onto the timbers of the oaken drawbridge, the coach slowed to a stop. Laedron peered through the window at the murky water below the bridge—a great moat built centuries ago to dissuade foreign armies from attacking. A variety of plants and moss climbed the walls from the water's edge, and it seemed as if the slime hadn't been cleaned away since the moat had been filled. Every once in a while, the water parted enough to reveal spikes meant to impale anyone foolish enough to cross without speaking to the guard.
The coachman spoke to a heavily armored guard as similarly donned others inspected the cab.
Laedron watched the men creep by the window. “It seems this is customary at the gates of any city.”
“Yes, the guard is vigilant about anyone getting inside that shouldn't. Unfortunately, they're not as worried about the low quarter.”
“The low quarter?”
“Where the poor live, near the old city. It's named for the flooding that occurs there on a constant basis.”
“Is it close to the sea?”
“Yes, but that's not why it floods. That side of the city had always been swampy. When they added the walls and the moat, the added weight lowered the land even further, and the rainwater always collects at the lowest spot.”
“Why don't they move somewhere better?”
She smiled. “It's not so simple. They're poor, Laedron, hardly able to afford what they have. The rich keep them where they are, as do most in powerful places. Some are slaves or servants, and others scrape along the bottom of the barrel of life, lucky to see another day.”
The wagon rocked forward to the end of the bridge, through the gatehouse, and proceeded through the city streets. The street widened into a market square with vendors selling all manner of goods. Laedron had heard of exotic merchants traveling to the capital to sell their wares, and the stories were confirmed by the sight of those clearly not of Sorbian origin gathered there. The only similarities the square shared with Westmarch was the general shape and purpose since it differed in terms of its massive scale, thousands of people of all walks of life, and organized design. Another prominent difference he noticed was the large number of armed guards patrolling the area.
“We won't be coming to the market here, I'm afraid,” she said, seeming to read his mind.
“Why not? It could be fun.”
“Perhaps.” Narrowing her eyes suspiciously, she scanned the crowd. “Thieves are thick in places such as this. We'd be best to avoid it.”
He slouched in his seat and folded his arms. “Yes, madam.”
“I'm sorry to make this trip boring for you. I know matters of politics are hardly interesting to a young man such as you. Trust me, I'd much prefer to avoid it myself.”
“Yes, madam.”
“Cheer up, my boy. We'll find something to do, I promise. Just not here. Not in the open like this.”
He nodded. “All right.”
The coach slowed as it entered a busier street, and other wagons and carts merged onto a single road leading away from the market. Drivers slung insults and shook their fists aggressively, which only seemed to make matters worse.
Like a bolt of lightning, one structure drew Laedron's attention. His eyes traced the columns along the building's face; gold and silver garnish adorned its rich marble exterior. “What is that?”
Ismerelda's eyes remained locked on her fingernails. “That, Laedron, is the Wardhouse of Morcaine, seat of the Heraldan Church in this city. You won't find friends there of late, I'm afraid.”
He leaned away from the window when she finished, hiding his face behind the curtains.
“They're just ending their morning ceremonies. We have a little time left before we are required at the enclave.”
“Do I have to go?”
“Of course. All sorcerers must attend, and you aren't exempt for newness.”
Closing his eyes, he imagined a great, stuffy chamber filled with old men in decorative robes buzzing back and forth at one another through the afternoon and how boring it would be to sit in some creaky wooden chair for hours on end, forced to listen to all that useless chattering. He'd heard stories of how ordered assemblies were conducted, in the circles of men and sorcerers alike, and found it difficult to feel anything except disdain for the entire process.
The coachman opened his door and the porters scurried to the trunk to retrieve their bags. Emerging from the cab, Laedron observed a small but sturdy lodge.
“Madam Ismerelda, a pleasure, as always,” a rather snooty-looking fellow said as he approached from the double doors. His clothes were impeccable and his nose turned high in the air. “I hope your regular room will suffice for you and your... gentleman.”
“Gentleman?” She turned to look at Laedron. “No, by the Creator! He is my student.”
The man bowed. “Very well, madam. Allow me to escort you to your quarters.” From the man’s dress and speech, Laedron thought he must be the innkeeper or a host of sorts.
She turned to the coach driver. “Wait here for us. It'll be worth your while.”
They passed the threshold, and the hallway opened into a lobby only a bit larger than the doorway. The interior was garnished with stone and marble, and it had a smattering of fine furniture spread across the floors. Behind a small checking desk in the back, a curved stairway led to the second floor, and they followed the man as he ascended.
The innkeeper opened the door to a suite. “We have only one other guest staying with us this week, madam. He won't be any trouble for you, I'm sure.”
Nodding, she entered the room before turning to the man who had led them there. “Thank you, Carlson.” 
Laedron shuffled in behind her and examined every detail of the luxurious lodgings in amazement; to see another place as rich as this, Laedron would be hard-pressed to find one other than Ismerelda’s home in Westmarch.
He was relieved when he found two separate bedrooms and two lavatories. He appreciated the charm and class of the place, especially when he walked onto the private balcony overlooking the street. She came near the open doorway, and he stepped back in.
“This should fit.” She laid a robe across the bed. “You can't go to enclave dressed in such a manner because they demand formal garb.”
Taking the robe in his hands, he raised his eyebrows. “It's a bit flamboyant.”
“Flamboyant is what they like. If you think this is bad, wait until you see the archmage. He has a train.”
“A train?”
“Yes, and people to carry it for him.”
“Like royalty?”
“He is considered the most venerable amongst us. The Circle expects no less.”
He shook his head. “I'd hate to dress up like some king or duke, especially considering how long this meeting might last. I'll already be sweating profusely in this thing.”
“It'll be all right. I'll come fetch you in a few minutes after you've had a chance to change.” She walked into the living room and closed the door behind her.
He spent the better part of ten minutes trying to figure out how to wear the dress robes, each time ending with his head in a sleeve or a leg in the neck opening. His hair became disheveled and his face red with frustration.
“Let's have a look,” she said, opening the door. His anger turned to embarrassment as he stood there in his undergarments.
“Having trouble?”
“Y—yes...” He stuttered and held the robe close to conceal his body. “Damned thing!”
She walked over to him, then tried to take the robe. “Now, now, Laedron. We'll get you fixed up.”
“It's fine, I'll figure it out.”
She tugged on the end of the robe. “I'll help you. Give it here.”
“It's quite fine,” he said, refusing to release it.
She snatched it away. “Give it here, Laedron.”
His hands immediately clasped over his crotch. 
“Lift your arms.”
He shook his head.
“Lift your arms so I can put this over your head.”
He stood there and refused to lift his arms, clasping his hands tightly.
“Look... I've been around for hundreds of years. Do you think I've never seen what you're concealing? Your underclothes will hide everything well enough.”
He took a deep breath and raised his arms, but refused to look her in the eye. Feeding the sleeves around his arms, she pulled the remainder down his body. His head popped through the top as the bottom hit the floor, and she tugged at the robe and swatted away specks of dust.
She took a step back and looked him over. “Now you look a proper sorcerer.”
“I don't feel any different.”
“Haven't you ever heard the clothes make the man?”
“I've heard it, but I don't believe it.”
“Come along. We must be off to the enclave.”
The coach driver helped them into the cab, and they approached the university not long after. The building was constructed entirely from travertine, and each face was adorned with runic symbols and ornate statues of mages from ages past. Having seen very little of the city, Laedron figured the only other structure larger in Morcaine was the royal palace.
“Now, remember,” she said, stepping to the ground, “keep your chin held high and don't speak unless spoken to. And never stare.”
“Yes, madam.”
They made their way through the foyer and were greeted by a sea of mages of all ages, genders, ethnicities, and skill. The vaulted ceilings were colored to resemble the night sky and extended several stories. Every flicker of the torches and lanterns set about the walls reflected on the incandescent paint of the stars, which caused them to twinkle in a realistic fashion. 
Ismerelda led him through the crowd to a veranda which connected the first structure to the next. Passing through the covered walkway, Laedron could easily tell the next building, constructed of both stone and heavy timbers, stood even taller than the one they had just left, and young men in red and black robes patrolled the grounds outside. A sentry stood guard at either side of the huge doorway.
“Who are they?”
“Warders.”
He eyed them. “Why are there so many?”
“The enclave is a big thing in the world of Circle mages, my boy. The Warders protect the grounds while we meet because there are so many important people within.”
“Is it always like this?”
“Yes. Well, I should say it has been for a very long time. Arguments would turn into heated arguments, and from there rose the practice of the magic duel. The first function of the Warders was to stop that barbaric ritual.”
Nodding, he walked through the narrow passage behind her. It quickly opened into a wide assembly room with terraced seats extending high all around it.
“There must be a thousand seats in here,” Laedron said, glancing at his surroundings.
“Only a few short of it.” She pointed to the stairs. “We're above halfway up.”
He followed her, glimpsing the others dressed in their finest robes. Don't stare, he repeated under his breath; he didn't want to be an embarrassment to Ismerelda. They reached their seats after a few moments, and another young mage caught his eye.
Seated farther along the row was a young man, probably about Laedron's age and of a similar build. His robes were immaculate—perfect, layered silk dyed in hues of gold and purple. Laedron scanned the mage's features and felt some familiarity. Where have I seen him before? he thought.
“No staring.” Ismerelda prodded his arm.
“I'm sorry. I think I know that mage.”
“No matter.” She spoke sharply. “Staring is an uncouth practice of commoners and isn't welcome here.”
“Yes, madam.”
After what seemed like an eternity, and not before the wooden bench had become painfully uncomfortable, the archmage appeared on the platform below. The congregation took their seats, and the room grew still and quiet.
“Mages!” he proclaimed, his voice echoing throughout the room. “We are upon the eve of some interesting changes. Terrifying changes.”
“A new Grand Vicar was anointed in the halls of the theocracy only hours after the last had gone from this world. A 'Tristan' has taken the throne of the Heraldan church.”
A few whispers passed between the others, but Laedron remained silent. He didn't want to encounter Ismerelda's ire by being outspoken in this place. The archmage paused as the doors flew open, and a man adorned in rich black robes with silver embellishments entered with his entourage in tow.
The archmage glared at the man. “I'm glad you could make it, Victor. We were just beginning.”
“I wouldn't miss it for all of Sorbia,” Victor replied with a sneer, taking his seat on the bottom row amidst a sea of whispers.
Laedron couldn't contain himself. “Who is that?”
Her words were low and rapid. “Victor Altruis. He was passed up the last time they selected an archmage.”
“But why?”
“Shh.” 
The archmage spoke again after the whispers ceased. “We have some important decisions to make about our future. Some of you are from lands that do not accept the sorcerers' ways as quickly as here in Sorbia. Some of you may be better off relocating here.” He paced along the platform, eying the congregation each time he turned. “It's difficult to see what our next step should be. I've thought long and hard about these matters, and there's no easy solution.”
Victor leaned forward. “I have a solution.”
“Oh? And what might that be?”
“We do away with this church's lies and its followers. The same they'd do to us if given the chance.”
The entire assembly went into an uproar. Picking select comments from the roar of voices, Laedron could tell some were clearly in support of Victor's idea, but most expressed fear of a war with the Heraldans.
“Silence!” the archmage shouted. “We'll get nowhere without order!”
“We'll get nowhere by just sitting here and doing nothing. The time for action has come, Tobias, and your cautious pace has left the whole Circle in danger!”
“I will not abide insolence. You are banished from these chambers, Victor Altruis. Get out!” A few Warders came to his side, and the archmage, his face flushed with anger, sneered at Victor.
“You'll have no trouble out of me.” Victor bobbed his head to his retinue and exited.
Tobias patted his forehead with a scrap of linen and tried to compose himself. What Laedron had once thought would be nothing more than a tired sermon had been transformed into a vicious match of words and emotion. He was afraid, though; Victor wasn't the only one with an imagination of how dangerous those changes appeared.
After a long pause, Tobias spoke again. “It is unfortunate we did not provide food and drink to better enjoy this evening's entertainment.”
The congregation let out a quiet laugh at the archmage's humor, but it seemed hardly enough to put everyone at ease.
“The day may come when we need to take up arms against the church, but this is not the day. We mages of Sorbia are under the protection of the crown, so I invite everyone who comes from outside our borders to stay here at the academy.”
“Smoke, master!” a Warder yelled as he ran to the exit. “Smoke from beneath the door!”
The archmage cast a glare at the Warder. “What do you mean?”
As he finished speaking, Tobias looked at the puffs of smoke passing under the heavy doors. “Creator... Everyone, out of this place!”
The Warder pulled on the door to no avail. With others joining him, he turned to the archmage. “It's no use! It's chained from the other side.”
By that time, Laedron could see flames passing through the spacing between the boards of the doors and the wooden frame high in the walls of the building. Ismerelda looked at the two groups trying to pry the doors open on either side of the hall.
Laedron's breathing hastened. “What will we do, madam?”
“We're getting out of here. Follow me.” She made her way to the top of the gallery and pushed through crowds of panicked people trying to reach the bottom floor of the assembly hall. To get any closer, Laedron would have had to climb onto her back.
“Once you're beyond this wall, slow your descent. You remember the way I showed you in the coach?”
“I... I remember,” he replied, drawing his wand with a trembling hand. Ismerelda’s calm demeanor struck him as odd, and he wondered how she could remain complacent.
With a wave of her hand, a flick of the rod, and a few words spoken in haste, Laedron was made incorporeal; he could see through his body as if he were a ghost. He looked at Ismerelda while she repeated the words and waved her hand in a steady motion. Without a second thought, he jumped through the wall.
Once outside, he felt whole again and fell toward the ground, but was quick to cast a spell to keep his body from slamming into the stone walkway. Ismerelda appeared and floated down beside him.
Gathering his wits, he noticed the chaos around them. The Warders were engaged in battle with foreign soldiers, their spears held high and dressed in the silver and gold garments of the Heraldan church.
“Theocrats? Here?” Laedron asked, looking to Ismerelda.
“It can't be helped. We must escape these grounds.” She led the way around the circular structure to a row of topiaries that extended the length of the far walls. “Behind the bushes, Laedron. We follow this to the end and go over.”
While they crawled through the briers and brush, Laedron saw the battle raging across the courtyard. The Warders and theocrats were locked in an epic struggle of magic with fire and flashes of lightning exchanged between them. It was clear the Warders were losing; the theocrats had surprise, and their tactics relied on those dispelling offensive spells while a row of spears in perfect formation impaled any near enough to stab.
“They're being massacred,” he said, feeling powerless to stop them or save anyone.
She sighed. “We cannot stop this now. There are too many.” They reached the end of the wall, where just beyond lay freedom. “You first, just like before.”
With the casting of a spell, Laedron floated over the partition and onto the street. Ismerelda appeared only moments later to a shouting from up the road.
“Mages! Halt!” The soldiers approached with clanging of armor and heavy breathing. 
“Go, Laedron. They only saw me as I topped the fence. Return to our room.”
“I won't leave you. Not now.” He held his wand at the ready and took a defensive stance.
“Now is not the time for heroics. I can hold them off for you to escape. Go!”
Before darting to the nearby alley and hiding, he looked at her one last time. He peeked around the corner to watch, hopeful that she would have another trick up her sleeve to escape with him.
She spoke as the troops arrived. “What do you intend to do, priest?”
The leader stepped out front just beyond the line of spears. “Your heresy is over, witch. Now, you die.” The priest, his features twisted with hate, wore decadent robes of gold and silver and held an old staff in his hand.
“It would seem no one ever taught you manners. Let's see if you know a bit of magic.”
She brandished her rod, and the soldiers moved back a few steps. The priest returned to the center of the formation. Laedron clenched his fist and rooted for her, but made sure to keep from revealing his position. Swaying her hands, she manifested sparks of brilliant white in the air around her. She plunged the rod at the theocrats, lightning passing through each and arcing to the next. The first soldier exploded, blood and gore erupting onto the others.
The priest waved his staff, drawing circles above his head until blue energy enveloped him and the remaining soldiers. He continued to chant as the troops, each bathed in a glistening light, lowered their spears and pointed them toward Ismerelda.
With a flick of the wrist and a shouted phrase, she unleashed a stream of fire onto the soldiers. The flames flowed around them harmlessly, and they pressed forward unaffected; the priest maintained his dispelling, and her power was apparently not strong enough to penetrate the shielding. She quickly scanned her surroundings and cast a spell, and the nearby lamppost took flight. The iron pole slammed into the enemy priest, and he faltered. The shimmering light faded from the soldiers, but they were within striking distance.
She let out a scream when pierced by the first spear. Taking a few steps back, she held pressure on the wound, blood squirting between her fingers and down her hand. Then, she fell to her knees and gasped.
Laedron looked on, powerless to do anything, as the priest approached Ismerelda. The shimmer surrounding the soldiers faded away as he tilted his head downward. 
The priest took Ismerelda by the throat and spoke in a sinister hiss. “You were saying, heretic?”
“Your church is a lie, priest.”
“I think not. Such are the words of witches.”
“I knew Azura. Personally.” She spit a mouthful of blood on his pristine robes.
He smiled. “And who cares if you did, Uxidin? That's in the past.”
Her face told of her surprise. “How can you be Heraldan if you know otherwise?”
“Because they're easier to use.” He leaned closer to her. “The church is stronger than the Circle, Ismerelda. You chose your allegiances, and you chose them poorly.”
Her eyes widened when he drove a dagger through her chest. Falling on her back, she turned her head toward Laedron. Her look told him of the betrayal she felt in the last moment of her life. He could do nothing but stare back as the light left her eyes, and the priest retrieved her rod from the ground.
“We'll have no more trouble from that one,” the priest said, turning to his men. “Back to the academy grounds.”
When he could no longer hear the heavy footsteps of the Heraldan troops, Laedron took off down the alley. Upon reaching the street at the opposite end, his hand struck the nearby wall. He wept as he leaned against the wall, trying hard to fight back the tears even as they flowed freely down his cheeks. He took a deep breath and ran into the street, but he slammed into an armored soldier and fell to the ground.
He glanced at the soldier's face, which was obscured by a gleaming, silver helmet. Scurrying to his feet, he took flight once again. 
A powerful voice called out behind him, “Citizen of Sorbia, halt!”
He froze in his tracks, unable to continue forward. The voice commanded, and his legs obeyed.
“Come here. You have nothing to fear,” the armored figure said.
Laedron turned and saw the man’s plated gauntlet outstretched. He caught a glimpse of the man's cloak fluttering behind him—a heavy cloth dyed orange and black, the colors of Sorbia, and the soldiers with him were clad in a similar style.
With tears drowning his eyes, he ran to the knight and collapsed before him. “Please, sir. They've killed so many.”
“Who dares invade our country?” the knight asked.
“Heraldans, soldiers of the church, sir.”
“Begone from here, mage,” the knight said, looking over Laedron's robe. “Make yourself scarce.”
Laedron rose as the soldiers proceeded along the avenue. He made his way back to the inn where Ismerelda had rented their room and burst through the door. Ascending the stairs inside, Laedron stopped when the innkeeper called out to him. “Back so soon? Where is Ismerelda?”
“We were attacked,” Laedron said, trying to catch his breath. “She didn't make it.”
Carlson raised an eyebrow. “Attacked?”
“By the Heraldans. They killed her.”
Carlson squinted and turned to the window as armed troops marched through the nearby street at a quick pace. “Attacked by the church?”
“I don't have time to explain,” Laedron said, running up the stairs. “I have to get out of here!”
Once in the room, he rummaged through the bags, pulling his case free from the pile, and then searched Ismerelda's bags for anything he might find useful.
“Where's the money?” he asked aloud, his frustration peaking. He scattered the clothing behind him, seeking a glimmer of gold or a flash of silver. He came to the last bag, his entire body hot and beads of sweat dripping to the floor. “It has to be that one.”
When he opened the last case, he traced the Uxidi runes besetting the covers of old magical tomes with his fingers, the parchment pages crisp and rough to his hands. He took the six books from the case and, hearing the door creaking open behind him quickly, stuffed them into his own bag.
“How will you be paying, sir?” Carlson asked.
“Carlton? Is that your name?” Laedron asked.
“Carlson... I'm sorry, but you can't stay here unless you pay.”
“Madam Ismerelda didn't pay?”
“We know she's good for it, sir. You, however, we don't know,” Carlson said.
“Then I'll be leaving,” Laedron said. “I can't afford this place, and I really need to get going.”
With his arms wrapped around his traveling case, he pushed past the man and left the inn. Arriving on the street, he eyed the nearby tall buildings which gave him a dark and ominous feeling, much more so than they had when he had entered the lodge. He was alone, left to fend for himself in the largest city he'd ever seen.
“One step, then two,” he said, looking at his feet. “The rest will follow.”
He walked along the wide boulevard, being careful to avoid the churches he saw along the way. Before an hour had passed, he sat on the curb and wept for Ismerelda and for the carnage he'd witnessed. He couldn't clear his mind of the image that haunted him: her lifeless body lying in the road atop a pool of blood, a dagger fixed in her heart. He remembered the hate he had seen in the priest's face.
Glimpsing the buildings and people, he realized he wasn't anywhere close to the eastern gatehouse that led toward Westmarch and his home in Reven’s Landing. His heart filled with rage and disgust for the church and that priest as he remembered Ismerelda lying dead.
“How far beyond the gatehouse would I walk? How can I walk a thousand miles home with nothing?” he asked himself, a feeling of hopelessness washing over him. “I can't stay in the city, and I can't go home. I'm stuck.”



Chapter Nine
Mixing with Thieves


Pondering what to do next, Laedron saw a shadow on the ground next to him. He looked up to see a guard standing over him, pointing a finger. “No loafing about. Get a move on.”
Laedron stood and walked until he couldn’t see the guard. “'Get a move on; no loafing about. Where am I supposed to go?”
He wandered the streets for some time, trying his best to follow a route leading to the east gate. Without a map or directions, he found himself in a seedy part of town with shoddy houses and apartments and the occasional brothel or bar scattered along the road.
Ignoring the catcalls shouted from the steps of each whorehouse, Laedron kept his eyes glued to the cobblestones on the street before him. “Don't look,” he whispered. “Don't seem like you're interested. Keep to yourself.”
He turned a corner into a narrow alley as the sun drooped low in the sky. The dusky twilight made his eyes heavy, and his feet ached more than ever. “Just a short break, and we'll be on our way,” he said, trying to steel himself.
Taking a seat on the curb and opening his bag, he pulled out the scraps of sweetbread he'd packed a few days before. Though they were quite stale, he was quick to devour them. His stomach churned with delight, but he was still hungry. Searching his pockets in vain for a coin, he couldn’t stop the tears from filled his eyes. Never before had he been hungry and unable to procure a meal. Never before had he been left defenseless to fend for himself in a strange and foreign place. Every inch of the alley prickled with the same hostility he felt from the city, the high walls on either side looming over him like an executioner waiting for the word.
Once he’d found a spot not already claimed by a vagrant or a wild dog, he drifted in and out of sleep through the night, the shouting and spirited noises of the local drinking establishments rousing him every few minutes. The cold stones beneath gave little comfort; in fact, his bones creaked and ached with every movement. The only thing worse he could imagine would have been lying in pure sewage during the winter, and he thanked the Creator that he had survived the night when he awoke to the first rays of the dawn's light.
His first thought was a hope it had all been only a dream, but he knew by his presence in the alley that everything he remembered was true. Drawing his legs to his chest, he rested against the side of the building to plan what he might do. The scent of bread baking caught his attention over the smell of garbage and urine, and he emerged with his bag to find its source.
To the right, he spotted a sign carved and painted to resemble a loaf of bread. He crept to the window under the sign and peered through to see a burly man pulling fresh loaves from the oven. Laedron's mouth watered from watching the steam flutter gently from the top of each. The baker stacked the loaves on a shelf.
His heart filled with sadness as he reached into his empty pockets. A tear escaping his eye, he picked up his traveling case and walked away. He wandered toward the towering wall to the east, thinking to himself how Ma and Laren were somewhere out there on the other side. Before long, he spied a fruit cart whose owner was taking a nap, and the apples and pears gleamed in the morning light.
He looked to the left at the mouth of an alley and schemed to himself. Stepping into the alley, he drew his wand and made sure to stay out of view. He whispered an incantation and swayed his wand back and forth, focusing on a fine apple on display. A few moments later, the apple vibrated with energy and floated off the pile. He concentrated as it approached, and his mind tingled and ached until he could take no more. The apple fell at his feet when the spell faded from existence, and he was quick to snatch it from the ground. The fruit was gone in just a few bites, the juices gushing from his mouth while he struggled to chew.
“One more,” he said, swallowing the last of it. He swished the wand and spoke the words, bringing another across the air. He was pleased with himself as this one landed in his open hand. He devoured it just as fast as the first.
He paused, his conscience griping about his thievery. “Only enough to get me home, though. No need to be greedy. It's not stealing if I'm just trying to survive, right?”
No matter how hard he reasoned, he knew it was stealing. “I have to get home, I have to.”
Guilt clouded his thoughts, but he resolved to find a way home. The delectable taste of redfish, the fresh lemons from his mother's garden, and even the Wildertea he hated drew him to the village by the sea. He yearned to see Marac again, to see Ma and Laren, to once more visit the side street and taste the honeysuckle wine.
“What have we here?” a haughty male voice said from deeper in the alley. Laedron turned to see three silhouettes approaching, but he didn't reply.
“Can't you hear me, boy? You's in our alley,” the voice said. “You gotta pay the tax to be on our land.”
“Your land? You own this alley, do you?” Laedron squared off in front of the tallest one. His mood and temper held little tolerance for the common thugs.
Glancing to each one, Laedron saw that they were dressed in dark cloth with hoods over their heads, and each had an unkempt appearance consistent with the other people of the east end. Laedron couldn't say much, though; his clothes had accumulated their own collection of dirt and grime.
“Methinks we got one here that won't pay up, boys,” the big one said. “Methinks we'll have to take it from him.”
Laedron produced his wand and extended his arm as the robber lunged at him. With a flick of the wrist and a quick phrase, a blast of energy shot out and struck the boy, sending him backward a few feet to crash to the ground.
“Who's next?” Laedron seethed with anger. “I'll put you all down if you come any closer.”
One of the miscreants knelt to check on the one lying on the ground while the other drew a dagger. Drawing back to throw it, he was interrupted by another voice. “Wait.”
A man robed in black cloth and studded leather emerged from the shadows. He approached, stepping over the thug lying on the ground, then lowered his cowl.
“You're a mage, boy?” His face bore numerous scars and stubble, and his voice cracked. Even though Laedron thought he could get another flash bolt off, he felt intimidated the man’s stern exterior and the weapons tucked around his belt.
“Yes,” he replied, maintaining his defensive posture. “Don't come any closer.”
“My name is Mathias. You have nothing to fear now,” he said with unexpected kindness.
“Nothing to fear? Your friends were going to take my blood as a tax moments ago.”
“I am their leader, and they will do no harm to you. I swear it.”
Laedron's hand faltered, and he found a sense of trust within himself at the man's words. “But why? I've injured your friend, and I'm standing in your alley.”
“We have need of your services.” Opening his coat, Mathias revealed a crossbow. “If I had wanted to kill you, I would have done so from my hiding spot.”
Laedron swallowed, his skin feeling the prick of a crossbow bolt even then. “What services?”
Mathias eyed the apple cores on the ground. “Come, we'll talk at the house. We have more than apples to satisfy your hunger there.” He led Laedron through the alley to the next street, across it, and into another alley.
He knocked on an unassuming door, then a slot slid open. Whoever was inside opened it immediately upon seeing Mathias's face. Once inside the room, Laedron took in every aspect of the great room; a high vaulted ceiling covered the expansive space. His gaze stopped on the hearth, where a roasting pig pummeled all of his senses at once. The smell of pork, the sound of the fat crackling, and the sight of the juicy white meat made his belly ache.
“Cut our guest a piece that would kill a normal man,” Mathias said before turning to Laedron. “Seat and serve yourself wherever you like. We'll discuss things after.”
While he ate the roast pig, he glanced at the tapestries and furniture situated about the room. He slowly began to realize how things seemed to be out of place; each painting, chair, and decoration was far richer than the materials used to construct the building, and seeing a fine piece of art hanging upon a rusty anchor nail gave him an awkward feeling. His surroundings instilled in him the impression he was in a den of thieves who were skilled in their profession.
Leaning against a beam, Mathias remained silent until Laedron popped the last bit of pork in his mouth, then approached. Mathias took a seat across from him and waited.
“What sort of services do you want from me?” Laedron slouched in the chair. His belly ached from being full, a feeling more pleasant than the pangs of hunger but still an irritation.
“Our guild master has fallen ill,” he said. “Do you know of healing magic?”
Laedron's shoulders tensed. “Not much. I have to be honest; I’m just a student.”
“Student or not, you bested one of my men with a single strike,” Mathias said. “Can you at least try?”
“And what if I fail?”
“We shall do you no harm. The others would be angry, but I would protect you.”
Laedron raised an eyebrow. “You're a thief?”
Mathias chuckled, then turned serious. “I, friend, am an assassin of men. Mere thieves steal from purses.” He paused. “I, on the other hand, steal lives.”
Laedron's heart raced, and his fear was heightened by how calm the man explained his trade. “Very well, I shall try.” Refusing his request, he thought, might be worse than attempting it, even if he failed.
“Good. I'll take you to him.”
After rising from the table, Laedron followed Mathias deeper into the structure, where he opened a door at the end of a long hallway. Much like the other rooms, the one they entered featured lavish, tasteful furniture while the sun beamed through the cracks of its shoddy construction. In the bed lay an aged man, pale in complexion and breathing shallowly. 
Laedron studied the man for a few moments, then turned to Mathias. “I'll do what I can.” Laedron opened his bag and removed one of the tomes. He flipped through the pages and sought a healing spell. 
Mathias closed the door. “What happens here will remain between you and me. Take as much time as you need.”
“I can't read it,” Laedron said, giving up.
“Why not?”
“It's written in Uxidi, the language of my teacher.”
“These are your teacher's books?”
Laedron nodded. “I'm sorry.”
Coming to Laedron’s side, Mathias read over the pages and spoke the words in a whisper at first, then louder. Each syllable was crisp yet harsh, a mixture of something sweet but dangerous reflected in every syllable.
“You speak Uxidi?” Laedron asked. “An uncommon tongue to be known by a human.”
“No,” Mathias said.
“How can you read it, then?”
“It's not written in Uxidi. It's written in Zyvdredi.”
“Zyvdredi?” Laedron asked, his eyes widening. He imagined Ismerelda speaking those dark tongues deep in her basement by herself, no eyes present to see her. Likewise, he thought it best not to ask Mathias why he could interpret the language. To inquire about it could have me finding a dagger in my back, he thought.
“Afraid of it, boy?” Mathias sniffed the air. “Or is that smell of fear directed at me?”
“I don't understand why she would have a book written in the language of darkness,” Laedron said, sorting through what he remembered and perceived of Ismerelda. “She wasn't a dark mage.”
“You're fresh in the world, boy,” Mathias said. “You draw meaning from that which is not meaningful.”
“Could you stop calling me 'boy', please?” Laedron asked sharply, folding his arms.
“Not until you tell me your name,” Mathias said, a sinister grin accenting his lips. “If you've forgotten, it has yet to be revealed.”
Realizing what Mathias had said was true, Laedron's anger turned to embarrassment. “I'm sorry. My name's Laedron. Laedron Telpist.”
“Telpist,” Mathias said with a drawl and twitch of his left eye. “Do you happen to know a Wardrick Telpist?”
Laedron's embarrassment shifted to sudden surprise. “Why, yes, that's my father's name.”
Mathias bowed his head. “Interesting.”
“Why is that interesting? What do you know of him?” Laedron asked, hoping Mathias might have information about his father.
“He was a bannor of a small village years ago. Reven’s Landing, if memory serves.”
“Yeah, he was my father. What else?”
“Nothing of great import, Laedron. I’ve lived in western Sorbia for a long time now, and I keep up with who’s who. Shall we concentrate on the task at hand?”
Laedron nodded, handing the text to Mathias. “Yes, of course. If you can translate the wording, I'll try.”
Over the next hour, Mathias read the words, and Laedron scrawled notes in his own book. He felt as if Ismerelda were somehow speaking through Mathias, tutoring him through the assassin. When Mathias finished reading, Laedron reviewed his notes and drew his wand.
With a steady and deliberate motion, Laedron waved his hand in a circle, and brilliant green light flashed above the sick man. The light pulsed as it poured over him, and his skin took on a pale green luminescence.
The man's breathing hastened, and Laedron developed a searing headache. The light pulsed brighter and brighter until Laedron collapsed to his knees, and the light faded from existence.
The guild master's breathing slowed while Laedron collected himself. “I'll have to try again.”
“Take your time, Laedron,” Mathias said, his face bearing an intrigued expression.
“You've never seen magic before, have you?” Laedron asked, clutching his head.
“Rarely,” Mathias replied. “The only times I've seen it were fleeting moments, like when you attacked my subordinate in the alley.”
Dipping his head, Laedron stood, resuming the slow motions and repeating the words. Once again, a green haze of energy appeared, and dancing energies enveloped the guild master.
Though his head throbbed and his hands shook, he shouted the words and struggled to remain focused. Laedron kept the spell going until he completed it, then fell unconscious to the floor.

* * *

“You're awake?” Mathias asked. “We didn't know if you would ever wake.”
“How long have I been out?” Laedron asked, sitting up in the bed and tossing the linens aside.
“Two days now. How's your head?”
“It's all right. I'm starving,” Laedron said, rubbing his belly.
Mathias handed him some apple slices and sausages. “I'll retrieve my master.”
Laedron coughed and choked on the food. “He survived?”
With a nod, Mathias exited, returning moments later with the aged man Laedron had seen incapacitated days before.
“I have much to thank you for it would seem,” the man said, extending his hand. “Name's Harris Belmay, but my troupe calls me Harry.”
Laedron spit out bits of sausage and apple all over the man's hand. “Belmay?”
Smiling, Mathias looked at Harry. “Seems you have a fan.”
Harry dusted his hand against his pants. “If you can call it that. What have you heard of me, son?”
“You're a pirate,” Laedron said. “Harry the Black, plague of the Wayfarer's Strait.”
Harry grinned from ear to ear. “Oh, how I do love the old names.”
“What will you do with me?” Laedron asked, inching away from the men.
Harry shrugged. “Do with you? What do you mean?” 
“Feed me to sharks? Something unspeakable?” He drew the sheets tight around himself.
Harry narrowed his eyes. “Nothing of the sort. You may think me evil, young man, but I'm not.”
“But all the stories—” 
“Embellishments by merchants, I'm afraid. I'm hardly half as bad as those stories. Bad, perhaps, but not as bad as I'm made out to be. I rob and steal, yes, but I only kill when they resist my demands. Or when they try to out sail me. Oh, I hate that!”
“What will become of me, then?” Laedron asked.
“I don't presume to tell the future, but I know what will become of me. I will sail the seas once more to plunder and fortune. By autumn, we'll lay anchor north of Reven’s Landing for our winter retreat and start again in the spring.”
Laedron stared at his shoes. “I'll gather my things and get going, then.” He stood and dusted the crumbs from his clothes. 
Mathias stopped him. “You don't have anywhere to go, do you?”
Not wanting to make eye contact, Laedron shook his head and stared at the floor. “No. My home is a long way from here, and I have no money to travel.”
Mathias turned to Harry. “What is your life worth, Captain?”
Bobbing his head, Harry smiled. “Riches beyond imagination. All right, young man, you've earned yourself a reward. Get your things and meet us in the great room.”
Laedron nodded and watched them leave, then whispered, “I've saved the worst pirate to ever sail the Sorbian coast, and they're giving me blood money for a job well done.” After acquiring his traveling case and other possessions from his room, he went to meet Harry and Mathias. Both of the men were seated behind a wide, thick table topped with platters of fruit.
“This should be worth your troubles, I would think.” Harry tossed a sack across the table, and it landed with the clinking of coins.
“Thank you for your hospitality,” Laedron said, lifting the heavy pouch. “Certainly, this is too much.”
Harry eyed Mathias for a moment. “No, you've earned it. Safe travels, Sorcerer.”
Mathias bowed his head with satisfaction, then stood and escorted Laedron to the exit. Before he opened the door, Mathias passed Laedron a book. “Harry's not a generous sort, but I've convinced him otherwise. Take this. I trust it shall help you as it did me.”
“What's this for?” 
“It will help you with those books written in Zyvdredi. Best of luck.”
Laedron dipped his head in appreciation, and he walked outside. A feeling of relief washed over him when the door closed, and he was quick to get to the nearest street. Thinking it better to count it later with less hungry eyes upon him, he tucked the coin pouch inside his waistband.
After getting directions to the market from a passerby, he walked through the streets until the heavy air of the east end lifted. He felt as though the buildings became nicer and cleaner the farther he walked.
“Keep your coin close,” he repeated to himself, hearing Ismerelda's voice echoing about the dangers of the market square. He made his way to the nearest coach station, but he didn't say anything to the drivers because a nearby poster caught his attention.
By decree of King Xavier II, all clergymen of the Heraldan church are henceforth banished from the Kingdom of Sorbia. We mourn with his royal majesty over the death of his son, Prince Zorin. We curse the names of those who have murdered our countrymen and brought war upon our nation.
Below the delicate inscription was a portrait of a young man of about sixteen. Through his mind drifted images of the young mage who had been so familiar to him in the academy auditorium. Laedron's stomach sank when he realized Prince Zorin had been slain with the rest of the sorcerers. Beneath the prince's likeness was a call to arms: 
All men able to carry a sword or bow are called upon to serve your King in his time of greatest need.
Laedron repeated the words in his head while he looked between the poster and the stagecoach. No matter how much he wanted to run away and return to his home, the anger from Ismerelda's death boiled within him. The realities of her murder and his own hatred of that priest flashed through his mind like a thunderbolt.
“It's either go home or fight,” Laedron said, examining the poster. His anger grew at the thought of Ismerelda's death going unavenged. “Fight back or tuck my tail and run.”
He walked across the road and entered a tavern. Approaching the bar, he noticed the only males in the place were either older men or young teenagers.



Chapter Ten
An Army on Campaign


What can I get for you?” the bartender asked, polishing a mug.
“Do you carry honeysuckle cider?” Laedron asked.
“No, sorry. Anything else you want? Ale, or perhaps a stout whiskey to ease your mind?”
Laedron tried to think of a drink that would suit him, and he wasn't in the mood to drink hard alcohol. “Wildertea and a sprig of Meriwether?”
“Coming right up.” After dropping in the Meriwether, the barkeep poured the tea in a mug and placed the cup before Laedron.
“Thank you.” Laedron took the tea and found a quiet spot in a corner of the tavern. He contemplated the situation while he sipped the tea, stirring it with a spoon to release the sweetness from the Meriwether. Though he dreaded the taste, it reminded him of kinder days back home. At any rate, the flavor was easier to take than the smell of the alleyway in the east end.
He weighed the possibilities in his mind: return home and avoid the conflict while enjoying the leisurely life of a country mage or join the conflict and avenge Ismerelda's memory, along with the rest of the slain sorcerers from the academy. Finishing the tea, he watched the other patrons of the tavern enjoying their food and drink. Seeing their merriment and pleasure only made the decision harder; he had never been the type to march blindly in the face of danger, and he longed for simpler and easier days. On the contrary, he knew he was of a mature age, ripe for the battlefield and fully capable of wielding a sword.
“Where are they mustering men?” Laedron asked a passing barmaid.
“The bazaar, on the west end of it. Care for anything else, lad?”
“No, thank you,” he replied, standing. He exited the tavern and found the road to the city's center.
Following a brisk walk, he spied the recruiters donned in armor, each bearing the colors of Sorbia—the familiar black and orange filigrees. He stood in the rather short line until it was his turn, and a scribe scrawled in a book at the table he approached.
“Name?” the scribe asked, his pen never leaving the paper.
“Laedron Telpist,” he replied, taking care to spell it.
The scribe wrote his name below the last entry. “Trade?”
“Sorcerer,” Laedron whispered, looking around to see if anyone else was listening.
The scribe leaned across his table, cocking his head to the side and presenting his ear. “Sorry? I didn't get that.”
“Sorcerer,” Laedron said, only a bit louder than before.
“Sorcerer?” The scribe said over his shoulder, “Says he's a sorcerer, Sire.” 
An armored figure turned his head. A comb of silver and black was affixed to his helm, and he wore a sash embroidered with the marks of a captain, and through the slots in the helmet peered two emerald eyes. “A mage?” 
“Yes,” Laedron replied. “Studied briefly under Ismerelda of Westmarch and recently detached from her care.”
The captain took Laedron by the arm and escorted him to the campaign tent behind the recruiter's table. “We'd thought all the mages in Morcaine were killed or left the city.”
“No, my lord.” Laedron shook his head. “Ismerelda led me away from the grounds when the attack came. She and I escaped, but she was slain afterward.”
“And you want to be a soldier?” the captain asked.
“Yes. I have to avenge her and the others.”
“Then there is a place for you, and this isn't it.”
“Where then?”
“The Knights of Westmarch,” the captain said. “They would have a more fitting place for you.”
“The Shimmering Dawn? I can't remember the last time I've ridden a horse, Captain. I think you're mistaken.”
Laughing, the captain said, “’Tis well, young mage. Not all knights ride valiantly into battle on horseback. You may stay in our camp, and we'll arrange for your transport to Westmarch.”
Laedron nodded. “Thank you. By what name will I know you?”
“I am Count Millaird, captain of the Homeguard. And you?”
“Laedron Telpist.”
“My aide shall see you to the encampment outside the city,” Millaird said. “It may take some time to arrange for your transport, but it will be done.”
Laedron bowed as the count departed, then the aide led him outside the city to the east. A meandering road carried them to a hilltop and then to the next, where vast rows of tents sat atop it. From the earth into the heavens glowed an orange luminescence of campfires, and piles of weapons stretched out into the distance. Between the tents scurried soldiers to accomplish their various tasks.
“You can stay here,” the aide said. “This location should afford you some privacy.”
“Is there anything I should do while I'm waiting?”
“I assume you'll be going with the dispatches next week. You can do whatever you like, but know this: meals and gatherings are announced by bellmen, which we call 'ringers.' Three bells means mealtime. Everything else you can ignore since you won't be going to drills or training with us.”
Laedron bowed his head. “Thank you.”
When the aide left, Laedron made himself at home as best he could and began studying the tome Mathias had given him. The Zyvdredi letters weren't much unlike his common Sorbian tongue, but the words were different enough in spelling and pronunciation to require some scrutiny.
Over the next several days, Laedron sat in wonderment over the spells in Ismerelda's books, each one greater than any he had studied thus far. He practiced what he could, given the fact that he was surrounded by soldiers; he didn't think they would appreciate a mistake that sent flames crawling through the encampment.
“Nothing over the top,” he told himself. “And nothing that'll make me pass out again.” He remembered the pain he felt before everything went black when trying to revive Harris Belmay, and it was not something he wanted to experience again anytime soon.
Each toll of the bells reminded him to take a break and eat. Before he began his training, he had always been the first to mention breakfast, lunch, or supper, but his concentration held him to learning the magic and kept his attention away from such trivial pursuits. On the sixth day in the army camp, Count Millaird's aide returned.
“It's time for you to go,” the aide said, entering the campaign tent. “The dispatches are prepared, and the count has sent me to fetch you.”
“Thank you for your kindness. Will you thank the count for me?”
“You shall have a chance to thank him yourself. He's said he'll be seeing you off.”
Gathering all of his belongings, Laedron bowed and followed the aide. He was led to a line of stagecoaches on the northerly side of the camp, where Count Millaird sat atop a horse watching Laedron as he approached.
“I hope my men have shown you hospitality,” Millaird said.
“Yes, my lord. I've been comfortable here. I thank you.”
Pointing, Millaird dipped his head. “This first coach shall be yours. The rest carry dispatches and troops for protection of the convoy. Best of luck.”
“When I get to Westmarch, where do I go?”
The count smiled. “To the castle at the center of the city, I should think. The headquarters of the knights, young mage.”
Laedron bowed his head once more and opened the side door. Before closing it, he looked back at Millaird. “Thank you again. It's meant a great deal to me.”
“Make haste,” Millaird said to the driver, then rode away.
The stagecoaches stopped only to camp and freshen the horses. The entire trip was conducted with military precision; each stop was made on a schedule, and the troops adhered to it as they might a moral code of conduct.
Halfway through the journey, Laedron caught a glimpse of the roadside inn where he and Ismerelda had stayed the night that seemed so long ago. Due to a risk of thieves or the men losing themselves to drink or merriment with the women, the convoy wasn't permitted to stop at a tavern, but Laedron yearned to revisit it. “Maybe someday,” he told himself.
When the journey reached its end, Laedron saw the city of Westmarch on the horizon. He didn't feel the same as he once had; the city seemed to be almost inviting, instead of filling him with foreboding and gloom. The visit to Morcaine had made him realize there were far darker things in the world than a city of his own countrymen, no matter how high the walls or how dark the shadows.
Through the gates, the convoy passed without inspection, and he soon found himself departing the coach into the street. While the soldiers unloaded the dispatches, Laedron thanked his driver for the hospitality and his conveyance to the city.
Finding the castle with ease, he stopped before the great double doors and looked at the huge towers on the corners and the spires beyond which stretched like fingers into the heavens. After taking a deep breath and swallowing with a gulp, he knocked.
“What business have you here, young man?” a voice asked from the top of the wall.
Between two merlons stood a man clad in light armor and holding a longbow, and Laedron had to raise his voice to be heard. “I'm here to see the knights.”
“And what for?”
“To join them,” Laedron said.
“A little lanky to be joining the knights, don't you think? And the pay for a horse washer isn't that great these days.”
Laedron spoke with a disdain for such a menial task, “I'm no horse washer.”
“Then answer the question,” the man replied with his own measure of hostility. “What do you want with the knights?”
Shaking his head, Laedron drew his wand and cast a spell. Before the archer could react, Laedron stood next to him, having levitated from the ground to the top of the wall.
“Is it clear to you now why I've come, guardian?” Laedron asked.
Having dropped his bow, the man stood in awe and pointed down a stone staircase.
“Thank you,” Laedron said, a smile creeping across his face once he could no longer be seen.
“Impressive,” a voice said when Laedron entered a hall across the courtyard. “Impressive, indeed.”
“What?” Laedron spun around but saw only darkness. “Who are you?”
“Meklan Draive,” the voice said. “I am First Knight of the Shimmering Dawn.”
“Then you are the one I seek. I wish to join your order.”
“Indeed,” Meklan said, appearing from behind a great stone column. Over a silver breastplate draped his long, peppered hair, and fine clothes of black and tan covered the rest of his body. Laedron saw the hilt of a greatsword strapped to his back. “But first, you shall tell me of your exploits. From where do you hail?” 
“Reven’s Landing,” Laedron replied.
Meklan rested his hand on the hilt of another sword at his hip. “Ah, yes. We have others recruited recently from there. How does a farm boy learn the ways of magic?”
“My mother taught me at first.”
“Who was she?”
“Filadrena Telpist.”
“You are the Bann Telpist's son? Can it be?” The man’s eyes brightened hopefully.
“You knew my mother?”
“Your father, Wardrick. Many years ago, but I knew him.” Meklan tugged at his earlobe. “You went to study at the academy in Morcaine, then?”
“No, but I've come from there nonetheless. The academy was destroyed.”
“We know all about it.”
Laedron dipped his head. “My teacher was killed there, along with others.”
“Many were lost. One of our members was present just before the attack. He witnessed it before escaping.”
“Who? I thought everyone died in the fire.”
“Victor,” Meklan said. “Victor Altruis. He's a mage.”
“The one who insulted the archmage?”
Meklan laughed. “Though I wasn’t present at those proceedings, I would imagine so. Victor does have a fire within him that isn't easily extinguished.”
“Though I don't know him personally, I thought he may have had something to do with the attack at the academy,” Laedron said.
“Blasphemy.” Meklan’s expression grew stern. “Victor would never do such a thing. Who told you this lie?”
“No one, sire. I assumed—”
“The first thing you shall learn of the Dawn Knights is that we assume nothing.” Meklan raised a finger in the air. “Assumption is the key to our own destruction. Assume nothing, and only the truth remains.”
“I'm sorry. I meant nothing by it other than mentioning that there was a severe argument just before the fire.”
“I know what you meant, but such words could easily be passed into blame by others,” Meklan said. “Come, I shall take you to Victor, if you still mean to join us.”
“Sorcerers train at the Shimmering Dawn?”
“Yes,” Meklan replied. “We keep a contingency of mages at all times, but we've kept more of both knights and mages in the recent days, a sign of the war to follow.”
With a nod, Laedron followed Meklan through the maze of the castle until they arrived in the west wing.
“This side of the castle's been quieter of late, I'm afraid. Many were lost in the academy attack,” Meklan said.
Laedron caught glimpses of sorcerers training in other rooms of the wing, though the rooms seemed to be much larger than the need. They each held one teacher and a handful of students, whereas the room seemed to have been designed for dozens or more.
Meklan rapped on a door bearing an ornate sign that read Grandmaster of Westmarch.
Laedron heard a muffled “Come in” from the other side, and Meklan entered the room with Laedron close behind. He was awestruck by the bizarre artworks and sculptures scattered about the room, and he could have spent days pondering the methods behind making each one.
“We have a new one for you, Victor,” Meklan said. “A Laedron Telpist of the Reven’s Landing Telpists.”
Looking up from a great tome, Victor removed his spectacles. “Wardrick's boy?”
“I'll leave you to it.” Meklan bowed his head and closed the door behind him as he left.
“You've come to join the order?” Victor asked, folding his hands at his chin.
Laedron met his gaze. “Yes, I'd like to.”
“Have you had any formal training?”
Laedron nodded. “Until recently, I studied beneath Ismerelda of Westmarch. My training only lasted a matter of days, though.”
“Never heard of her,” Victor said. “And in this city, no less? If you've had no training, it's best to let me know about it now.”
“Never heard of her? She was the regnant magister of Westmarch!”
“I don't know all the mages, but I know everyone in Westmarch. I don't know any Ismerelda, and I've never heard of a 'regnant magister' before. If there was such a thing, I would be it.”
Laedron considered Victor’s words and how they conflicted with those of his mother. “It’s not important right now. Regardless, I was in the academy, and I saw your exchange of words with the archmage.”
Victor took a deep breath. “I see. Then, you likely have a bad opinion of me already.”
“No,” Laedron said, shaking his head. “I did at first, but I then saw what the church was capable of doing. I agree with you now; I know you're right about them.”
“Good. You should do well here.”
Laedron bowed. “Thank you, Grandmaster. Do I continue my studies here?”
Standing, Victor joined Laedron on the other side of the desk. “Take a walk with me, will you?”
While they walked through the castle and into the courtyard, Victor carried on the conversation. “It is not our purpose to train a mage. The only ones undergoing tutelage here are those too inexperienced to learn on their own. It is through reflection and self-awareness that sorcerers rise to true greatness.”
“Sounds familiar,” Laedron said, remembering Ismerelda's words in Westmarch. “I've been told that before.”
“Then your former teacher knew what she was talking about,” Victor said. “Magic isn't learned in hidden studies and secret back rooms, at least not after the basics are taught; it is discovered through practice, through perspiration.”
Turning a corner, Victor continued, “The mages who join the order are those who have enough motivation to better themselves without a teacher. Use your books and build upon the knowledge of those who came before, but do not limit yourself to simple spells cast in the classroom. Our true instruction lies in nature, in the forests, and on the battlefields of the world.”
“My learning had only just begun, though,” Laedron said with little confidence. “I've only filled but twenty pages of my own spellbook so far.”
“Nonsense. True mages need not rely on spellbooks and memorization. The Uxidin didn’t depend on spellbooks, yet they were the greatest mages in the world. The same goes for the Zyvdredi—practitioners of the dark arts, yes, but magnificent sorcerers.”
Having read much of the Zyvdredi spellbooks in his possession, Laedron didn't agree about them only practicing dark magic; however, he thought it best not to mention his opinion or the books until he understood the order better. They entered the courtyard and stood watching the new recruits battle one another with wooden swords.
“The other arm of the order,” Victor said. “The more widely-known arm.”
“Is the sorcerer half kept secret for some reason?”
“Not necessarily kept secret, just not mentioned often. Our place in the order isn't for glory or recognition; that's for the cavaliers.”
When Victor looked at the floor, Laedron asked, “Does that disappoint you?”
“It affords me what every mage needs—a quiet place to study and protection from interference. Lately, it has put us in a good position to be safe from the church.”
“Have they attacked anywhere other than the academy?”
“You haven't heard? Sorbia is preparing for war upon the church after its brazen attacks at the academy and elsewhere. It's rumored the Falacorans, the Albiadines, and the Lasoronians will side with them.”
“I saw a poster in Morcaine, but it didn't say all that,” Laedron said, taking a seat on the stone wall. “Count Millaird sent me here after I tried to join the army.”
“A wise decision,” Victor said. “The war is coming, and the church will be forced to pay for its crimes. They underestimated how much Sorbians, especially the royal family, hold their mages close to their hearts.”
“I saw Prince Zorin at the academy,” Laedron said with a heavy heart. “He must have perished within when the building burned.”
“Many perished within,” Victor said. “Too many perished there. Despite my disagreements with many of them, I miss them dearly. We shall not have an easy time fighting the church with so few mages, but we have a plan for that.”
“What plan?”
“The Shimmering Dawn has always had a style of combat which marries the best qualities of the Dawn Knights with sorcerers. Whereas a sorcerer is weak in combat, the knights compensate, and where the knights are weak in magic, the sorcerer protects and guides them.”
“It sounds like it wouldn't work very well,” Laedron said. “It's difficult to cast spells from the back of a horse.”
Victor laughed. “No, my boy. Not all knights ride upon horses with lances held high. The warriors joined with a sorcerer are foot soldiers with a particular style of battle. You'll come to learn it in time.”
“I hope it's effective,” Laedron said, rubbing his hands together. “I've seen the way the church fights, and it bested the greatest of our kind.”
“It's quite similar. Our styles were developed around the same time in much the same manner.” Victor turned, then watched the knights in the courtyard.
Laedron balled his fist, his mind returning to the scene in the streets of Morcaine. “They need to pay. They killed my teacher.”
“They shall, and you shall help, too.” Victor put a hand on Laedron's shoulder.
Laedron bowed his head. “I'll do what I can. How can I help?”
Victor's lips curled into a friendly smile. “You're a mage, aren't you?”
“Well, yes.”
“This fight won't be settled on the battlefields alone. Sorbia will carry the fight to the seas, to the land, and even to the shadows. Our kind may never hold a shield or wield a sword, but we are needed for victory.”
“What do you mean by that, exactly?”
“In a world of magic, sorcerers are needed to counter the enemy's magic. The Shimmering Dawn is specifically trained for this purpose, Laedron. We carry magic against our enemies, and we face the enemy's magic with our own.”
“I want revenge. I can't clear my mind of how much I hate them.”
“You have to find a way,” Victor said, clasping his hands. “Channel that anger and frustration into your studies and practice. Come, I'll show you to your quarters, and then I'll show you where to meet your instructor.”
“Instructor? I thought we are to teach ourselves here.”
“We teach tactics and strategy and how to use your powers with the knights to benefit both of you. A mage and a knight can have a symbiotic relationship, and we'll show you how.”
Laedron remembered how the priest had been able to protect his spearmen in the fight with Ismerelda. “Interesting. I think I have an idea of what you mean.”
Victor spent the remainder of the evening with Laedron, helping him become acquainted with instructors and the layout of the castle. Laedron especially noted the location of the castle's library, a quiet place where he could study his Zyvdredi spellbooks with little interruption between sessions of learning the knights' way of battle. His assigned bedroom was little more than a cell, smaller than the room given to him at Ismerelda's house, and he would need somewhere with a table and more space to tutor himself. He had only a little time to become acquainted with the knowledge and spells he would need for the days to come.
The passing days turned to weeks. Laedron continued his studies and was instructed in the order's combat style. He learned methods of organizing knights into formations and using his spells to their mutual benefit. With no small amount of difficulty, he forged through the memories of Ismerelda's vicious death at the hands of the Heraldan priest each time he envisioned himself standing behind a row of soldiers.



Chapter Eleven
The Knights of the Shimmering Dawn


One day during his training, Laedron went to speak to Victor after his studies, the evening twilight giving a peaceful backdrop to the turmoil within his heart. Finding Victor's door closed, he knocked. 
After receiving an an invitation to enter, he opened the door and took a seat across the desk from Victor. “Master—” 
He was cut off by a raised hand until Victor finished reading a scroll. While he waited, Laedron took a few moments to study the room further since he had only been there a couple of times, and he enjoyed the old artwork displayed in the office.
“Now,” Victor said some minutes later. “What can I do for you?”
“I came to ask a question, if you have the time.”
“Of course. What's on your mind?” Victor furled the scroll and set it aside.
“These tactics you're teaching. They don't seem to be very effective,” he said, averting his eyes.
“No?”
“No, Master. It seems that they might work against small groups of people but not where we're outnumbered.”
“Good. Then you're learning things quite well and catching on before the rest often do.”
“Sorry?”
Victor displayed a confident smile. “The tactics are useless unless placed in specific situations, yes. That's the entire point of the training.”
“I don't understand. You want me to learn something that I won't be using?” he stammered with confusion.
“The whole idea is to teach you to augment your knights, young sorcerer, and for the knights to complement your abilities. Nothing more than that can be gleaned from practice, for it is in the real world where you will truly learn your craft.”
Laedron bowed his head. “Then I shall continue my training. Thank you for explaining it to me.”
“Always, Laedron. If you need me for anything else, you know where to find me.”

* * *

After some five weeks of training, the time came for Laedron to meet his knights and square off against another squad in the courtyard—the final test of competency used to judge if a mage and his knights were ready to leave the walls and safety of the Shimmering Dawn castle.
Victor escorted three young knights into the room and waited for them to be still before speaking. “These warriors are ready to greet you, Sorcerer.”
Turning to face them, Laedron immediately recognized one of them. “Marac? Marac Reven!”
“Lae!” Marac rushed across the room and embraced Laedron. 
“But why are you here?” Laedron asked, gently pushing him away. He looked Marac over, unaccustomed to seeing him clad in heavy armor and carrying a weapon at his hip.
“When the war started, my da sent me to train here. He thought it would be better than foot infantry.” Marac adjusted his sword in an awkward fashion. “Safer, too.”
“He would be correct,” Victor said, turning to Laedron. “I selected these for you because, like you, they are all from Reven’s Landing. I thought you might get along better.”
Although Laedron didn't know the others personally, he remembered seeing them around the village. He was excited to see Marac again, nonetheless; it warmed his heart to be at his friend's side once more.
“You'll have one hour to prepare.” Victor opened the door, but he glanced back before leaving. “And no harmful spells, Laedron. We don't want anyone getting hurt.”
Laedron nodded and turned to the knights. “Let's get started, then.”
When he heard the door close, Laedron explained his plan. “I've been thinking on this for a week now, and I think I've come up with something. We can't use offensive spells that would cause injury for this contest, so most of the mages will focus on dispelling while their knights fight it out.”
Marac shrugged. “What did you have in mind? I thought this was just a matter of beating the other knights down, our sorcerer standing back and watching.”
“Come close, I'll explain it,” Laedron said.

* * *

Once his squad had assembled on their side of the courtyard, Laedron looked them over and said, “Remember the plan. Stick to it no matter what happens.”
The knights bobbed their heads in agreement, then lowered their face plates and straightened their red cloaks. The other squad took the field, each draped in blue. Victor stood in the center and raised his wand into the air. With a brief incantation, a sparkle of light accompanied by a loud pop signaled the start of the match.
Laedron immediately waved his wand and chanted. A vibrant white pulse of energy flickered from the end of it. He swung his wand into the air and pointed it at the sorcerer in the other squad. Before the other mage had a chance to finish his spell, he fell to the ground.
The opposing knights gathered around their fallen mage, and one of them took off his helmet. “He's asleep!”
Laughter erupted from the onlookers, and Victor raised his hand to silence them. “Then carry on, knight.”
“You said no offensive spells!” the young man said. “He's knocked him to the ground with trickery!”
“I said no harmful spells, if memory serves,” Victor said, a smile gracing his usual stern expression. “A nap may do him some good.”
Pausing only to hear Victor's words, Laedron swished his wand from side to side again and uttered his spell. His knights slowly faded from sight until they were completely invisible.
The young man from the other squad replaced his helmet and drew his wooden sword. “Charge!”
Halfway across the courtyard, each of the blue knights was struck in turn by unseen forces. The only evidence to the fact was the clanging sound of wooden swords against their metallic exteriors, but it became more apparent when they fell to the ground beneath the battering. Laedron cleared his concentration, and his knights became visible. When they appeared, Marac and the other knights continued the walloping until their opposition begged for mercy.
From the galleries on either side of the courtyard roared applause and laughter, and Victor stood, clapping his hands. “Excellent work. You've won the field.”
Laedron and his knights congratulated each other, turning to leave the field as the blue-cloaked knights picked up their sorcerer and retreated.
“Let's grab an ale, and I'll properly introduce you to the others,” Marac said, wrapping his arm around Laedron's shoulder. “I know a place.”
“It's fine if we leave the keep?” Laedron asked, crossing his arms across his chest.
“Ah, still the worrier, Lae!” Marac slapped him on the belly. “Don't worry. I already asked if we could.”
Laedron grinned and followed them through the castle, out the solid double doors, and to the nearby tavern. Crossing the threshold of the tavern, Laedron noticed how quiet it was inside. “I'd never figured you for a place like this.”
“Why?” Marac looked around as if something were out of place.
“There're no women swinging from chandeliers and hardly enough liquor on the floors,” Laedron said.
Marac laughed. “No, not this time, I'm afraid. I wanted a place where we could talk.”
“Good. Have you talked to my ma lately?”
Marac took a seat with the others and waited for Laedron to sit. “Yeah, she's left Reven’s Landing.”
“Left?” Laedron asked, raising his palms in the air.
“Yeah. Said she was taking Laren and leaving for a while. Probably better that way.”
“Did she say where she was going?” 
Marac shook his head. “No, she didn't tell us. For their safety, she said.”
“I miss them, Marac.”
“I know, but don't concern yourself with that now. You need to focus on the task at hand.” Marac ordered drinks for all of them. “Care if I introduce you to the others?”
Laedron nodded, then Marac introduced them. “This is Mikal, and that's Brice.”
“Nice to meet you... again,” Laedron said. “I've seen you two around Reven’s Landing.”
Mikal leaned closer. “I've seen you on the pier several times. Laedron Telpist, right?”
Bowing his head in reply, Laedron took a sip of his ale, then looked at Brice. “Your parents are tailors, aren't they?”
“My da ran the loom, and Ma did the stitching,” Brice said. “Your mother’s a magician, too, isn't she?”
“Sorceress,” Laedron corrected.
“That's what Marac told us. He speaks highly of you,” Brice said.
“And a great deal better than he likely remembers as fact, I should think.” Laedron smiled before he turned to Marac. “It's strange that we all four come from Reven’s Landing, and we all were brought to the knights.”
“Our parents got us in,” Marac said. “Our families had money enough to arrange it, and they didn't want us on the front lines. It was either the army or the Shimmering Dawn.”
“And of the two choices, they chose the more dangerous one?” Laedron asked.
Marac raised his eyebrows. “What do you mean?”
“Dawn Knights don't serve on the front lines, but we do fight, usually behind enemy lines,” Laedron explained. “How is that safer than serving as part of a larger unit?”
“Better than being thrown against a line of infantry, I'd say,” Mikal said, receiving an encouraging nod from Brice. “I’d rather not be fodder for a cavalry charge, either.”
“We shall see,” Laedron said. “Maybe you'll wish for those infantry lines the farther along we go.”
“You're scaring them.” Marac patted Laedron on the arm. “At least we're together again. That has to count for something.”
“Yeah, it does,” Laedron said, relaxing. “I'm glad to see you.”
In the distance waned the evening sun, and their cups became empty. Not wanting to be out too late, Laedron recommended that they return to the keep, and they followed him from the tavern and into the streets. 
“One thing I haven't figured out yet,” Laedron said.
Marac stopped beside him. “What's that, Lae?”
“You're Heraldan, yet you've joined the knights in order to fight the church. To fight your own church?”
“It's simple. I'll always have my faith, but what the church did was wrong. It's like my da told me, when it's not about the Creator and Azura anymore, the church is meddling in things they shouldn't.”
“Good. Do others feel the same way? Other Heraldans?”
“Yeah. Sorbians are Sorbians. The church invaded our land and killed our people. They had no right to do that, no matter the reason.”
Mikal nodded. “We heard about the attack on the academy. They said it was a slaughter.”
Closing his eyes, Laedron lowered his head. “You heard correctly.”
“How did you escape?” Brice asked when they reached the castle.
“My teacher got me out of there, but she was lost in the process.” Laedron walked toward the west wing, but then noticed the others had stopped following. “Aren't you coming?” 
“We can't go with you,” Marac said. “That side's for mages only.”
Laedron dipped his head slowly. “See you in the morning, then. We get our assignments tomorrow.” He continued down the hall to his room and dressed in his bedclothes before extinguishing the lantern.

* * *

The next day, Laedron gathered with all of the recent graduates, mages and knights alike, in the great hall over breakfast and conversation. Meklan and Victor sat at the great table toward the end of the hall. When everyone finished breakfast, both stood and walked around the table.
“Another dawn has shone upon us in this keep,” Meklan said. “We have raised a fine force to add to our number over the past weeks, and it has come time to send you forth to do the good works of our order.”
Victor folded his hands and rose. “Each of you has a task to perform, which your sorcerer will receive in the form of a scroll. Many members of our order fight on the battlefield, but your work is different, and you shall find how different it is in due time.”
Meklan took over again. “That said, we shall hand out the scrolls and some money. These coins are both your pay and your expenses for travel. Send your sorcerer forward to get them, then you may go.”
The sorcerers went to the table in turn, each taking a scroll and a pouch of gold, then leaving with their knights. When Laedron approached, Meklan pulled a very large sack of gold from the floor. A small fortune of coins bulged through the thin cloth bag, and the scroll appeared thicker than the others.
“You don't mean for us to burn the city of Azura do you?” Laedron asked, eying the bag and parchment.
“Only if you could, young man,” Victor said, a smile gracing his otherwise ragged face. “Your task is a grave one, but not quite that extraordinary. If you should succeed and have need of friends, remember this: the golden chalice overflows.”
Laedron bowed, then hoisted the sack over his shoulder and took the scroll. Marac and the others joined him halfway to the door, and Marac eased his burden by taking the sack.
“Do they mean for us to purchase an army with this sum?” Marac asked.
“I don't know. We'll have to read the scroll to find out,” Laedron said. “Let's get going.”
“But where? The tavern?” Marac asked, rubbing his belly. “I could use another drink, I suppose.”
Laedron shook his head. “No, somewhere private. We don't want others knowing of this, whatever it is.”
“I know a place,” Brice said, opening the door. “I'll lead the way.”
After a short walk, they arrived at the Westmarch archive library. They proceeded through the rows of books and scrolls to a private room, and Brice closed the door behind them.
“How did you know of this place?” Marac asked, glancing at the shelves filled with old tomes.
Brice smiled. “You seek your pleasure in women and drink. I seek mine in the written word.”
“Good to know I'm not the only one who reads,” Laedron said, elbowing Marac.
“Hey, I know how to read.” Marac swatted Laedron's arm. “It's just I don't do it for pleasure.”
Sitting around the table, they eagerly watched Laedron unfurl the scroll and read over the words.
The others remained silent until Marac blurted, “What's it say?”
“Oh, sorry,” Laedron said, seeing the frustration and curiosity written all over Marac’s face. “We're to track down and eliminate a priest. Gustav Drakar.”
“Drakar? As in Andolis Drakar, the Grand Vicar?” Marac tugged at his collar.
“I suppose so. This is his brother, apparently,” Laedron said, nodding as he looked over the parchment.
Marac stood and paced back and forth, waving his hands. “I don't like it. I didn't join to go on a suicide mission.”
“That's our mission.” Turning, Laedron glared at Marac. “I don't like it, either, but that's what we're assigned to do.”
“Insanity.” Mikal shook his head. “There's no way we can succeed at this.”
“They've given us precise instructions,” Laedron said. “Journey to Balfan, meet with our contact Jurgen, and proceed to kill Gustav Drakar. Maybe this contact of theirs has a plan.”
“Maybe he's just there to point him out and say, 'Enjoy,'” Marac said. “Maybe we should give the money back and get back to our lives.”
Laedron blinked from the shock and raised his voice. “And then what? Be pressed into the army and serve on the front lines? It’s still better than being thrown against the infantry lines, yes? We can do this, Marac. We'll have plenty of time to plan things on the journey.”
Marac stared at Laedron. “Impossible.”
“No, Marac, not impossible. I'll put a finer point on it: we will succeed.”
Marac conceded with a shrug and a sigh. “Very well, Lae. I'll follow you out of friendship.”
“Not only that. Out of love for Sorbia, for loyalty to your king, and to avenge the wrongs done to us,” Laedron said. “The Heraldan church is powerful, but we must prove it isn't invincible through the courage of our hearts, friend.”
Marac nodded. “I don't understand why we must go straight to the top, though. Such a thing is dangerous, probably too risky for the likes of us.”
“Because of the injury it will inflict,” Laedron said, placing his hands on the table and leaning toward Marac. “Killing Gustav is but the prick of a needlepoint, but it will be straight through their heart. That is why we must do this.”
“He's right, Marac,” Mikal said, dipping his head in agreement. “We swore an oath, and we must abide it.”
Marac bobbed his head quickly. “To the theocracy, then. I've always wanted to visit the place it all began, you know?”
“I know,” Laedron said. “I've wanted to see it for myself, although for a different reason.”
“And what reason is that?” Marac asked.
“To see the land where man first beheld magic and embraced it. They've always intrigued me, the early stories of magic and the first contact with the Uxidin.”
“Uxidin?” Mikal asked.
“I'll explain it on the journey. We'll have plenty of time to talk, I imagine.”
“All right, then,” Marac said. “I should think we need to get a good rest before we get on with the rest of it. The tavern we went to last night has rooms for rent if you want to stay there.”
“Sounds fitting to me,” Laedron said. “Do they serve food there in the mornings?”
“Do they?” Marac said, grabbing his belly with a grand smile crossing his face. “I'd often loaf about there to enjoy a plate of eggs and sausage when I wouldn't be missed at the castle.”
“Even better,” Laedron said, leading the way from the private room. They walked to the tavern, and following an exchange of coin for a key, they were upstairs in their own room.
“How do they think we'll make it all the way to the theocracy lands?” Marac asked. “That's thousands of miles and two seas away.”
“By boat, I'd say,” Brice said. “Probably the quickest way across the sea.”
Marac stared at Brice, his contempt showing through a frown. “No need to be smart, thimble.”
“No need to be nasty,” Laedron said, putting his hand between the two of them. “He's right, and we'll likely have to go to Morcaine to find one.”
“Fine,” Marac said. “We'll figure it out in the morning. I'm going to get some sleep.”
“Sounds like a good idea for all of us.” Laedron stretched his back. “After everything that's happened, I could use a rest.”
Tormented by his dreams, Laedron woke several times throughout the night, but he was careful not to wake the others. The only noise he made was his heavy breathing, a result of seeing the spear pierce Ismerelda's side over and over again.



Chapter Twelve
Laedron and his Knights


Laedron awoke to his arm being shaken by Marac, the morning light stinging his eyes. He remembered his dreams from the night before—vicious, torturous things of women screaming and dead men on battlefields far away. While the others dressed, he thought of how thankful he was that he wouldn't be facing opposing armies with only a sword, a shield, and some shoddy armor to protect him.
“You can't waste away in bed all day, not with a task such as ours at hand,” Marac said, tossing Laedron his clothes.
He threw the covers aside and dressed, being careful to check his possessions and ensure everything was present and accounted for. Though he trusted his friends, Laedron knew that he and Marac were both heavy sleepers and could likely sleep through a robbery. Mikal led the way downstairs, and the scent of cinnamon and fried meat hit Laedron like a stone wall.
After finishing the morning meal, Laedron returned the room key and exited with the others. Once outside, Marac asked, “Where are we to go now?”
“Morcaine,” Laedron responded.
“What? Going west to go east?” Brice asked. “Doesn't make much sense to me.”
Laedron shook his head. “No, we'll need a ship to carry us. Morcaine's the largest port around here, I'd wager.”
“What about Cael'bril?” Mikal asked. “Plenty of ships in Calendport.”
“I'd rather sail out of a Sorbian port,” Laedron said. “I think it'd be safer for us.”
“No, Mikal's right,” Marac argued. “If we sail from Calendport, our mission would be kept secret better.”
“Has Cael'bril sided with the church?” Laedron asked.
“No.” Brice shook his head. “Cael'bril's not a Heraldan stronghold. They'll likely stay neutral.”
“Very well,” Laedron said. “Calendport is about the same distance as Morcaine, but it lies much closer to the theocracy.”
“Less time on a boat is good for me,” Marac said. “I always get nauseous.”
Laedron grinned widely. “If you drank less, you'd probably keep your stomach better.” Mikal and Brice laughed aloud.
“Go ahead, chuck it up at my expense,” Marac said, his face flushed. “At least it'll be a few days before we hit the sea.”
“We need to plan out our trip before we go. We need a map,” Laedron said.
Mikal's eyes lit up. “The order has maps, real good ones. We could get one there.”
“All right. You and Brice get the map, and we'll meet you at the castle with horses.”
“Horses?” Brice asked nervously. “I've never ridden a horse before.”
“Never?” Marac asked.
“No. I was relieved when they said we wouldn't be the horse-riding kind of knights.”
“It's not hard,” Laedron said. “I've only done it a few times myself, but it's easy once you learn how.”
Laedron and Marac parted from the other two, and they walked toward the center of town. Finding the city stables, Laedron purchased four fine geldings, saddles, and bridles.
“Horses sure are expensive,” Marac said. “A coach would've been cheaper.”
“We need to appear as travelers,” Laedron said. “Besides, we would lack flexibility and speed in a coach.”
Marac nodded. “I hope Brice doesn't break his fool neck.”
“We'll teach him as best we can. He'll have plenty of time to get used to it.”
After they left the stalls, Marac tapped him on the shoulder. “You remember when your ma put a spell on our horses?”
“When we left Reven’s Landing?” Laedron asked, mounting the horse.
“Yeah. Can you do that? We could be in Calendport in no time.”
“I could try, but it will be more along the lines of refreshing them when we stop than speeding them up. Ma never taught me that spell.”
When Laedron and Marac arrived with the horses, Brice and Mikal emerged from the castle. “They let us have this tattered old thing,” Brice said.
“Better than nothing.” Stepping down from his horse, Laedron took the map. “Let's have a look.” He found the map to be worn, but expertly drawn and legible. “It'll do. So long as we don't get it wet, it'll hold.”
“We'd better get our things and find a place where we can get some supplies,” Marac said.
Laedron nodded. “Meet back here, quick as you can.”
They scattered into the castle, and Laedron went to his room. He carefully packed the books into his traveling case along with his other possessions. When he returned outside, he saw his knights on horseback, apparently prepared to follow him to the ends of the world, each with a hopeful but frightened look. They wore shields on their backs, and Laedron knew it would take him some time to get used to seeing them wearing swords.
“The market’s next,” Laedron said, climbing atop his horse. It was a short ride along the main road.
“How's that feel?” Laedron asked Brice. “The horse, I mean.”
“A little uneasy, but not as hard as I thought it would be,” Brice said, dismounting.
“Well, you're no master horseman like Meklan Draive,” Marac said. “I hope we aren't stuck at such a slow pace the whole way.”
“He'll get better,” Mikal said. “Give him a little time to adjust.”
“Yeah, you hear that? Don't worry about me, miller.”
Marac rolled his eyes and dismounted. “Let's just get the stuff and get on the road.”
Marshaling his knights through the busy square, Laedron advised them on items they'd need for the trip and bought some things for himself. With packs loaded and supplies purchased, they proceeded to the east gatehouse.
When they arrived at the portcullis, Laedron stopped and took one last look around. “Only a few miles of Sorbian countryside left, then we're in Cael'bril.”
Marac stopped beside him. “We'll be back soon enough. A few weeks at worst, right?”
Laedron tilted his head. “I hope so.”
Nodding to the gate guards, they crossed the bridge and beheld the open road. “One step at a time,” Laedron thought, trying to strengthen his resolve. “The rest will follow.”
The gallop of hooves on the cobblestones pattered out a rhythm over the rest of the day and into the night. Past the capacious stone quarries, the road turned to stiff dirt, which echoed like a hollow drum as the horses trod the path.
When they reached a wide curve in the road below a bluff, Laedron stopped. “We should go no more for now.”
Brice massaged his legs. “My thighs are raw from the saddle.”
Marac jerked his reins. “Must we hear you complain every step of the way?”
“It's not just him. Mine are burning, too,” Mikal said.
Though he didn't want to admit it, Laedron had his share of chaffing from the constant rubbing. “No worries. We'll camp to give them a break, and I'll see what I can do about it.”
“Do about it?” Marac asked.
“I may be able to repair it. I'll have a look once we get something to eat.” Laedron pointed at a clearing. “Set up camp over there, beneath the large oak for the shade.”
While Mikal cleared a spot and piled wood, Marac and Brice unloaded the bedrolls and some food from the horses. Laedron anchored the steel posts for hanging the stew pot above Mikal's campfire.
Mikal struck a flint stone, and each time it sparked, he blew on the dried grass, but it was little use.
“Allow me.” Laedron drew his wand, and Mikal jumped back from the stack of logs.
Laedron shook his head at Mikal's surprise. “No need to be afraid. I wouldn't harm you.”
Gesturing with the wand across the pyre, he spoke the words, and a dull glow of orange and red emitted from his wand. Droplets of sparkling yellow and white energy fluttered to the ground, and the logs and straw began burning.
“Nifty little trick,” Marac said. “You'll have to teach me that sometime.”
Laedron smiled. “I thought you weren't one to be interested in the ways of magic.”
“You make it look easy. No, I kid. You're truly talented.”
Brice hoisted the pot over the fire. “Can you make water?”
“If I did, it wouldn't last,” Laedron said.
“But the fire remains,” Brice said. “What's the difference?”
“If the fire burns something else and that catches on fire, it can remain. Calling water is different; it remains only so long as I concentrate.”
“You don't have to concentrate to keep the fire? It still doesn't make sense to me,” Mikal said.
Laedron pointed at the flint stone in Mikal's hand. “The flint stone makes a spark which ignites the straw, and it then builds into a fire. Magic works in the same way. You can affect the material world, but you cannot create something from nothingness and expect it to remain.”
Tilting his head, Marac raised a finger to the sky. “So, if you caused it to rain, the water would stay then?”
“Yes, but it's much harder to control the weather. In our present situation, it'd do more harm than good; it could cause a downpour or only a few drops. There's no way of telling beforehand.”
“Better not, then,” Brice agreed. “I'd rather be sore in the legs and dry than sore in the legs and drenched.”
Mikal poured water from the waterskins into the pot. “At least we brought plenty with us.”
They gave their opinions as to the ingredients to be used in the soup, and Mikal added each in turn after a consensus had been reached. When the pot came to a boil, the contents gave off a weak aroma, and Mikal ladled a bit into each waiting bowl. Laedron found it to be bland, but he didn’t complain.
After they finished eating, Laedron went to Brice and Mikal in turn and healed the rashes on their thighs with ease. Both commented on an itching sensation that subsided quickly, and they thanked Laedron for his help.

* * *

With their bellies full and a hard day's ride behind them, Laedron and Marac were the only two left awake on their bedrolls. They both lay on their backs, staring at the infinite heavens full of twinkling stars.
“You've been a bit touchy today,” Laedron said. “Anything wrong?”
Marac glanced at the other two before speaking. “You could tell that, eh?”
“I just know you haven't been your normal self.” 
“I didn't want to say anything. I've got a rash, too, and it's killing me,” Marac said.
“Why not? I can cure it in a flash.”
Marac shook his head. “A knight isn't supposed to complain and mope about. I take it very seriously.”
“Everybody needs help sometimes,” Laedron said. “Those best fit to succeed know when to ask for it.”
“All right. I'm not going to start an argument with you. I've yet to win one.”
“Because I'm always the sensible one,” Laedron said, smiling.
“No, it's because you never give up.”
Marac uncovered his legs, and Laedron's eyes opened wide. “Creator! Why didn't you tell me of this before?”
When Laedron touched the wounds, Marac hissed in pain. “Careful, would you?”
“This is bad, Marac. Some spots are bleeding.”
“Do what you must, just please don't poke at it anymore. And don't tell the others,” he said, taking Laedron by the shoulder.
Laedron nodded and drew his wand. He swished his hand to and fro. As the brilliant green light dripped onto Marac's wounds, his skin's color shifted slowly from a deep red to its normal tone. The scrapes sealed, and the surface became smooth and healthy in contrast to the blisters and bumps which had marred it.
Marac sighed in apparent relief. “Thank you.” 
“Don't ever let it get that bad again.” To stave off the coming headache, Laedron rubbed his temples. “Let me know next time.”
Marac bowed his head. “Okay.”
“Get some sleep.” Laedron rolled onto his side. “We should make Pendlebridge by tomorrow evening.”

* * *

Laedron awoke to the smell of dried meat roasting on the flames, and his thighs burned from riding the day before. Opening his eyes, he saw Mikal and Brice eating by the coals of the fire. What had been a strong, roaring fire the night before had become a smaller mound of ashes and embers, though still quite hot.
“What do you miss most about home?” Mikal asked Brice.
“Staying out late and all the ale I could take,” Brice said, donning his pack. “Sleeping in and Ma's cooking, too.”
“You, Marac?” Mikal asked, tying his bedroll to his horse.
“About the same. A mug at my left and a busty maid at my right was plenty to keep me happy. What about you, Lae?”
“Quiet,” he said, rolling his bedding. “The peace and quiet of the country. Long summers by the shore.”
“Won't get much peace where we're going, I'm sure,” Brice said. “Not if I have anything to do with it.”
“Who'll get the killing blow on Gustav, though?” Mikal asked, pouring the leftover soup on the campfire. “I bet I'll beat the rest of you to it!”
“You're too slow,” Marac said. “It'll be my sword in his chest at the end of the day.”
Laedron gave them a harsh glance. “Please. We're arguing over who will get to kill a man when none of you've even seen one killed before?”
“And you have?” Marac asked.
He met Marac’s words with a sharp, cold stare. “My teacher was murdered before my very eyes, Marac Reven. I saw the dagger plunged into her heart and her blood flow into the street. I watched, powerless, as the life left her body.”
“I'm sorry, Lae. I had no idea,” Marac said.
Shaking his head, he continued to pack. “It doesn't matter, not anymore. I mean to seek out this Gustav and have him feel my vengeance.”
Laedron mounted his horse and took to the road, and the others gathered their things and followed. They reached Pendlebridge after noon, having ridden the entire way without a break or conversation.
“It's getting cooler,” Laedron said. “It would seem we’re far inland now.”
Marac nodded. “I'd wondered if you'd ever speak to me again.”
“I could never stay mad at you, Marac. It isn't easy dealing with these feelings I have.”
“We'll take them together,” Brice said. “All of us will share the burdens of the others.”
“Like the order taught us,” Mikal said. “Don't forget that we're with you every step from here on.”
“Thank you,” Laedron said. “It's good to have friends with me again.”
Rounding a bluff, Laedron observed tall narrow towers rising above the Great Winding River on either side, and a massive stone bridge extended the breadth of the water, walled and enclosed on both sides and as tall as a castle wall. With pikes held at their sides, guardsmen stood on either side of the portcullis. Their blue tabards were adorned with a black outline of a knight on horseback—the crest of Cael'bril.
“Da always said the bridge was impressive,” Marac said, “but I never imagined anything like this.”
“This is nothing compared to the palace in Morcaine,” Laedron said. “For a bridge, though, I'm still in awe.”
“It seems they mean to keep this spot for themselves,” Mikal said. “Can you imagine the genius it took to design such a place?”
“I'd say,” Brice said. “Tons upon tons of stone, and it’d take an army weeks to besiege the thing.”
Laedron tilted his head down after glancing at the turrets. “Let's get control of our amazement. We don't want to draw attention.”
The guard waved them through the entryway, and they saw the stalls on either side of the bridge. From all angles yelled merchants and tradesmen, each hawking a variety of goods. It seemed all manner of wares could be purchased along the avenue for the appropriate price. When they came to the end, Laedron couldn't tell where the city ended and the horizon began.
“Quite a place. We shouldn't tarry here for long.”
“Surely this road will take us out the other side,” Marac said. “Make haste.”
Laedron kept a steady pace along the road, fast enough to make good time while not so quick as to draw suspicion from onlookers. The others followed suit, and they were soon on the road east.
“I haven't seen a building taller than two stories high in this town,” Marac said.
Laedron nodded. “But the city goes on forever.”
“The people of the outlying cities are easygoing,” Mikal said. “They prefer wide open spaces to grand towers and palaces, except for the people of the capital. Like those of other nations, the citizens who inhabit the capital city have a preference for grandeur.”
Pulling the map from his pack, Laedron inspected the route from their location to Calendport. “Must everything in this country have a 'Cael' in it?”
“Only in the north,” Mikal said. “Cael'bril is the result of unifying two old kingdoms—Caelland and Brilland.”
“I didn't know you studied history,” Marac said.
“Not much. Just the common things, really. After the War of the Eagles, Sorbia liberated much of both countries, and the local people decided to join under one banner.”
“And that's how Westmarch got its name,” Brice said. “It was the farthest west the Falacorans marched before they were defeated.”
Marac smiled and put on the thickest royal accent he could muster. “Here and no more!”
The phrase had become a common rallying cry in Sorbia ever since, and many old men enjoyed telling the story of the Battle of Westmarch, each being sure to add a mighty emphasis to the king's famous line. Brice nearly fell off his horse from laughing.
“Careful.” Marac caught Brice by the arm before he lost his balance. “We can't abide an injury before we've even landed in enemy territory.”
“You’re one to talk,” Laedron said with a smirk, receiving a glare in reply.
“What's he talking about?” Brice asked.
Marac snatched the reins tight. “Nothing of any importance. Keep it moving.”
Once the lights of Pendlebridge were nothing but a memory, Marac slowed his pace. “Do we camp again or carry on until morning?”
“The horses are having trouble keeping up speed,” Brice said, looking at Laedron. “What say you?”
“I'll freshen them.” Laedron pulled the reins to stop his horse and dismounted.
“Freshen them?” Mikal asked.
Marac moved closer. “I saw his ma do it in Reven’s Landing. They'll be good as new.”
“Does that work on people?” Brice asked, stretching his arms wide. “I'm exhausted.”
“I can try, but the horses are first.” Drawing his wand, Laedron motioned his hands in unison with an incantation, manifesting a spectrum of energy that encircled his horse. Before he even finished the spell, the beast seemed invigorated and revitalized. He repeated the spell on each of their steeds.
“Now to the people.” Laedron turned to Brice.
“Better try someone else first,” Brice said, stuttering through his words. “Spellcraft makes me nervous, especially if it's on me.”
“I'll go first,” Marac said with a contemptuous hiss.
Laedron cast the spell, and Marac was surrounded with luminous energy. The waves of power swirling around him caused his cloak and loose bits of clothing to flutter as if caught in a torrent of wind.
“I need to take a moment to rest before doing the rest of you,” Laedron said. “It takes a lot out of me.”
Following a brief rest, Laedron completed the castings, and finally invigorated himself. With fresh horses and the revitalizing, they rode straight to Calendport at high speed.



Chapter Thirteen
A Ship Bound for the East


Calendport is a city of islands,” Mikal said when they crested the last hill, and Laedron could see the city in the distance. “Each one is connected to the others by a series of bridges, and each bridge is a fortress unto itself.”
“Makes sense,” Brice responded. “No one would dare invade an island if they'd have to lay siege before moving on to the next.”
“It hasn't always been that way,” Mikal said. “The War of the Eagles and the Falacoran invasion changed their thinking.”
“It’s tightly controlled?” Laedron asked. “I hope not to spend much time passing through guard posts on the way to the docks.”
“I'd think it'd be similar to Pendlebridge,” Mikal said. “We're hardly an invading army, after all.”
Laedron and his knights rode through the gatehouse with little resistance from the guard. “Just traveling to the dock” was a phrase commonly repeated on their way through the sprawling metropolis. The city reminded Laedron of Morcaine more than any other place he'd visited thus far. Calendport had luxurious palaces and tall towers to complement its skyline, but unlike Morcaine, it was centered solely on trade and harbored huge ships. Sail rigs of various sizes towered above the buildings of each island they crossed.
After a brief stop at a stable to sell their horses, they walked the rest of the way. “Easier to buy more when we get there than have them transported with us,” Laedron said. “Cheaper, too.”
“We shouldn't have trouble finding a ship in this place,” Marac said, eying each vessel's tall masts and banners flapping with the breeze.
The magnificent structures suddenly stopped before a wide street as if to keep a safe distance from the vast ocean beyond. The occasional blast of wind thick with seawater struck them in the face, and through that end of town wafted the stench of dead fish. On the other side of the road lay the docks, with great ships and armies of seamen boarding and disembarking, loading and unloading in an endless procession.
“It'll have to be at the right price.” Laedron called to a boy near the docks, “You there. Know where we can find a ship traveling east?”
“The harbormaster keeps the schedules,” the boy said, pointing across the street. “That small office there.”
Laedron nodded before turning to cross the avenue. Behind a window on the side of a paltry building sat an aged man with an unkempt beard.
“Know of any ships journeying eastward?” Laedron asked when the man opened the window.
“Aye, lad,” the harbormaster said. “But what's yer destination?” His voice carried the features of a weathered, salty sailor and reminded Laedron of Harris Belmay, the pirate captain he’d rescued from death in Morcaine.
“We're going to Balfan or the closest port near it,” he replied.
“As fast as can be accommodated, too,” Marac said.
“Kashaman's Star's going that way just this day,” the harbormaster said, his finger tracing a page in a thick logbook.
“Is it fast?” Laedron asked.
“The fastest,” the harbormaster said, sliding his spectacles up his stubby nose.
“Where can it be found?”
The man leaned out the window, then pointed along the dock. “The pier numbers are written upon the planks. Follow them that way until you find the sixteenth pier.”
“Sixteenth, got it.” Laedron led the others down the line of vessels. Arriving at the transport, they eyed the ship with distrust and uneasiness.
The vessel roped to the pier was none other than an Al'Qaran merchantman xebec, a markedly exotic ship. High above the water rose the bow and stern, and the middle sank deep into the sea much like a crescent moon flattened at the ends. Its triangular sails, which hung high on one end and draped near the ocean on the other, were also unlike the other ships in the harbor. 
The crew walking the deck and the nearby dock were also strange and foreign in appearance. They were considerably darker in complexion than anyone else Laedron had ever seen.
“I suppose we should get to it,” Marac said with a nervous gulp. “Do you speak... Qarish?”
“No such thing,” Laedron said. “Al'Qarans and Qal'Phametines both speak Myrric.”
Marac sighed. “Myrric? Whatever you call it, can you speak it?”
“No. Only two or three words Ma told me, and I doubt I could pronounce them right.”
“Is it enough to tell them we need to go to Balfan?” Marac asked.
“Not unless you can say all that with 'people,' 'hello,' and 'friendship.'” 
“Well, we'll try 'friendship' first,” Marac said. “Maybe they won't do anything awful to us.”
Walking toward the ship, Laedron shook his head at Marac. When he reached the loading plank, a man on the deck called down to them. Each syllable was spat forth with a disdain and anger faster than Laedron thought he could have translated had he even been able to understand Myrric. He pointed and waved his hands, but Laedron had no idea what he wanted.
Laedron struggled with the word for 'friendship,' but then just shouted it as the man seemed to become even angrier. The man drew a scimitar from his side, and Laedron's knights drew their longswords. He raced down the plank, but before he reached the end, he stopped, interrupted by a voice, a calm voice speaking in a composed, noble tone, and each word spoken uttered with a sharp precision to every syllable. “No need to fear my men.” From the top deck approached a tall, slender figure, a squared hat topping his head and wearing fine clothing of dyed silks. He had a trimmed beard and mustache, and his fingers were adorned with jewelry. He spoke with a decidedly Al’Qaran accent, but his words were crisp even when spoken in the Midlander language. “And no need to slaughter my native tongue any further.”
“My apologies,” Laedron said, closely watching the sailor with the scimitar drawn. “I still fear them when swords are presented.”
“You will have to forgive Abad, for he does not know the mannerisms of these foreign lands. I am called Rafik, and I would be considered captain of this ship. What can I help you with?”
“We seek passage to the east,” Laedron said. “Do you take on passengers?”
“After all that, you must be mad,” Marac said to Laedron, his sword still in hand. “We can't go with these barbarians.”
“Barbarians?” Rafik asked. “It is your kind who fight wars over the Creator, but you call me barbaric?”
“Don't offend him,” Laedron whispered to Marac. “Al'Qarans are gifted sailors through and through.”
“I'm just saying,” Marac said. “They'll slit our throats if they get the chance.”
“It is well,” Rafik said before he strode down the plank. “I forgive your ignorant nature. You are of the west, after all.”
Marac lifted his sword. “Ignorant! Why I ought to—” 
“No!” Laedron put himself between Rafik and Marac. “We won't be doing anyone a service by dying here.”
“Your friend is wise for his years, Sorbian,” Rafik said, peering over Laedron's shoulder. “He quickly sees the consequences of doing something foolish and acts to stop the mistake.”
Laedron asked, “How can you tell we're Sorbian?”
“Your accent, how you carry yourself, your appearance. Even the words you use tell a story. It is my business to observe men, both in the market and on the ship.”
“Do you ferry passengers across the Middle Sea?” Laedron asked.
“What, pray tell, is across the sea that a Midlander would want? Looking to get your Sorbian skin removed by an expert in the art?”
“We have business there, and it is our own to know,” Laedron replied.
Rafik laughed, folding his arms across his chest. “Take my ship into danger without knowing the reason? I think not, young man.”
“Then I'll tell you,” Laedron said, looking at the sailors listening from the deck, “but in private. Will you take us?”
“I'll hear your business, and I'll decide after.” Rafik offered an open hand to him. “Come. We can discuss this business of yours in my quarters.”
Laedron took his hand and ascended the plank, his knights following close behind. Entering the captain's stateroom, he was immediately in awe of his surroundings. Rich rugs lined the floors from one wall to another, and he was careful in his tread in fear of damaging them, and he glanced at the trophy heads of strange and wondrous animals from lands far away, each posed with a natural, aggressive expression. Smoke puffed from the spouts of burners and gave off a pleasing but unfamiliar scent. 
“What is that smell, Captain?”
“Bakhour. Of the sandalwood trees of my homeland. Countless hours spent making something so pleasant, yet so fleeting. Much like the soldiers of your country, I would say.”
“Perhaps,” Laedron said. “And those of other nations, as well.”
Rafik took a long pipe from an end table and lit it from a candle. “Care to tell me of your business, then?”
Laedron waited until Marac closed the door behind them. “We must spy upon a priest.”
“A priest? Not any priest, I would say. No, not just any priest resides in the theocracy lands. Who is it?”
“Gustav Drakar,” Laedron said, his voice sinking. “He is the Grand Vicar's brother.”
“Then you are deemed expendable by your masters.” 
Marac shook his head. “We're knights of the Shimmering Dawn.”
“My apologies, Your High Majesty.” Rafik bowed mockingly. “I had no idea from your appearance that you were nobility.”
“Cut it out.” Laedron nudged Marac. “He's right. We are easily replaced.”
“That being said, I was taught early in life that it is easy to part a fool from his money,” Rafik said. “How about one hundred of your Sorbian sovereigns for safe passage to Balfan?”
“Crazy!” Marac said, crossing his arms.
Smiling, Rafik relit his pipe. “I've never been called crazy by a madman before. I am not the one going after one protected so well.”
“Fifty?” Laedron suggested.
“Even fifty is too much.” Marac took Laedron by the arm. “They're already going to Balfan. What're a few extra passengers?”
“What would a dead man do with gold? You won't need it soon enough,” Rafik said, scratching his beard. “Very well, fifty.”
Laedron produced the coins, then handed them over; Marac rolled his eyes with disdain. “We have to, Marac. We can't get there otherwise.”
“It's a fair price,” Rafik said. “A little less and you could take another ship, but you would arrive days later. Kashaman's Star is a fast ship—no, the fastest in these waters.”
“It's fine. When do we depart?”
“As soon as my men finish loading the wares,” Rafik said, counting the coins with his finger. “You'll sleep on the second deck with the guns.”
“Guns?” Marac asked. “What's a gun?”
“Surely you've seen a gun before,” Rafik said. 
“No, I can't say I have. What is it?”
“Almarian inventions. They fire a ball at great speed. Your Sorbian army has them atop seaside fortresses.”
“Cannons?” Brice asked. “I've heard of those. Never seen one, though.”
“Then you've clearly not lived in the large cities,” Rafik said. “The soldiers use them to keep pirates away from the coast or enemy ships at bay.”
“I was in an army camp, but I never saw one,” Laedron said. “Perhaps you are mistaken.”
Rafik chuckled. “No, they are far too heavy and cumbersome to bring along the land. Ships, however, that's a different story.”
“Why's it any different?”
“Ships don't depend on horses or men, young Midlander. So long as your hull is sturdy and the sails tall, there are no problems. Quite an effective weapon, and a necessity.”
“In these waters?” Marac asked.
Rafik nodded. “Especially in these waters. We are in different times, but I need not tell you that.”
“Thank you,” Laedron said with a bow. “We'll not bother you anymore.”
“Bother me anytime you feel the need, young Sorbian. I stay either here or on the top deck.”
The stomach of the ship moaned as the waves rocked against the hull, and the ropes creaked when they became taut. Arriving on the gun deck, Marac's eyes grew wide with wonder. “Look at this!”
Mikal walked past them and sat on a large cargo bag while Laedron and the others gathered around the cannon, admiring its ornate decorations of gold and silver cast into a metal he couldn't identify. A series of cranks were placed oddly about the contraption, and the barrel extended up to a mere inch from a wooden door on the hull, and four wheels at the bottom of the frame allowed the gun to roll back and forth. The entire assembly rested upon a set of wheels along steel rails anchored to the oak beneath.
“This is a cannon, then?” Marac tapped his knuckle on the barrel. “Thick and dense.”
“I hear it's loud,” Brice said. “Louder than the thunder.”
“Hopefully we won't see them in action,” Laedron said. “No matter how curious I am to see how it works, we'll only see that if the ship engages another.”
With the cargo loaded and Laedron and his knights tucked below deck, the ship rocked with a noticeable shift. Through the open port in the ceiling, Laedron saw the sails unfurl and fill with wind, and the view changed from a skyline of buildings to a cloudless, blue sky. He joined Marac and Mikal on the far side of the deck, and Brice followed.
“You've been quiet,” Marac said, taking a seat on the burlap sack next to Mikal.
“He's right, isn't he?” Mikal asked with a disconcerted expression.
“Right? Who?” Marac asked.
“Rafik, the captain. He's right about us, you know?” Mikal said. “We're parading around as knights, but we're just a joke.”
“We're not a joke,” Brice said, maintaining his usual jovial nature. “We're knights.”
“Knights? Draive's sending us on a suicide mission. If we succeed, their purpose is served, and if we fail, it's no skin off their hide. We'll be dead, though. That doesn't bother you at all?”
“He can believe whatever he wants, but we're knights.” Brice lifted his shirt sleeve to reveal a tattoo. “We went through all the training, and we have the mark.”
“The mark means nothing,” Mikal said. “A mark is still just a mark when found on a corpse.”
“We have to keep up hope,” Laedron said. “We can't believe we'll do anything but succeed, or we have no chance.”
Mikal shook his head. “Can we, though? Do we even stand half a chance?”
“Less than that.” Marac slapped him on the knee. “Do you remember years ago in Reven’s Landing by the sea? The time Brice fell into the mill?”
Brice's cheeks flushed. “Let's not bring up the old times, eh?”
“We had to save him,” Mikal said. “I'm surprised he can still walk after falling that far.”
“We got him out, didn't we?” Marac asked. “We didn't think; we didn't hesitate. We got our friend out before he was crushed by the gears.”
“That's a little different,” Mikal said.
Marac turned up his palms. “It's not any different in my eyes. That's how we'll be getting through it, by keeping our friends alive. We can make it together, Mikal.” He offered his open hand, and Mikal took it.
“All right,” Mikal said. “You watch my back, and I'll watch yours.”
“Silly Sorbian boy!” one of the crewmen shouted from the porthole in a thick accent much unlike Rafik's. He climbed the stairs with haste, almost falling as he landed. “Get away from there!”
Laedron glanced about to see if something unspeakable stood behind him. The man ran to them, tossing each away from the sack upon which they had previously been sitting.
“What's wrong?” Laedron asked, his pulse racing.
The man pointed at the sack. “You could have killed us all!”
“What's in there?” Marac asked.
“Cannon charge, dumb boy! Don't ever sit there again.” The man pointed to a red diamond with a black circle stamped on the bag. “Better still, never go around anything marked with this symbol.”
“We're sorry. We didn't know,” Laedron said.
“Could have destroyed the whole ship, meddling fools,” the man said, sweat pouring from his forehead despite the breeze.
“Please, accept our apologies,” Laedron said, trying to console the man once more. “If we'd been told of it, we wouldn't have sat upon them. I swear it.”
Taking a deep breath, the man bobbed his head. “At least we're still present in this life, for the moment.”
“Who are you?” Marac asked. “More importantly, how can you speak our tongue?”
“Uller. I'm the gunmaster of this ship. Rafik told me you were aboard, and Sorbia is not far from where I was born.”
“Gunmaster?” Laedron rubbed his chin. “What manner of work is that?”
“I run the gun crews. It takes great skill and patience to keep cannons and men working together.”
Laedron observed Uller’s features, noting his blue eyes, pale complexion, and sandy hair. “You're not Al'Qaran, are you?”
“Gotlander by origin, but I've spent most of my life with the Almarians.”
“A Gotlander this far south?” Marac asked.
“Rafik pays well. Quite well indeed.”
Nodding, Laedron smiled. “Are you any good with these things?”
“Silly boy!” Uller said. “Any good? Why, I should put you a thousand paces out for you to see for yourself.”
“That good, eh?” Brice asked.
Uller shook his head, his voice seething with irritation. “Boy, I was fighting battles 'fore you was a glimmer in your father's eyes. I could knock a seagull from the sky with stormy seas and dark of night.”
“Can you tell us how these work?” Laedron asked, trying to break the tension.
“Why would a bunch of miscreants want to know the fineries of these?” Uller asked. “Looks like you'd be worried more to get into a set of panties than learn the majesty of naval warfare.”
“Oh, would I!” Marac said. 
Laedron gave him a good poke. “Continue, sir.”
Uller glared at Marac, then pointed at the trigger. “These are some of the best, for a start. Cannons with a trigger are more accurate than those lit by a fuse. It's a solid piece, too. Load from the front, shoot, reload, and recover.”
While speaking, he demonstrated how the cranks could be used to quickly adjust the angle and position of the gun. “This one elevates, and this one returns the gun to the firing position. After it fires a shot, it rolls back along these tracks.”
“What does it shoot?” Brice asked, his childlike curiosity reflected by his excitement. “Can we see one?”
Leaning over, Uller produced a ball from a wooden box affixed to the deck and offered it for their inspection.
“Heavy, is it?” Marac asked.
Uller nodded while stroking the dense cannonball. “Aye. Pure wolframite. Just like the barrel.”
“Wolframite?” Brice asked. “What's that?”
“A metal found in few places, my boy.” Uller returned the ball to its enclosure. “Prized by weaponmakers the world over.”
“What's so special about it?” Mikal asked.
“It's one of the few metals which can withstand a cannon charge blast at any reasonable thickness.” Uller rubbed the cannon with the same care he might have used to touch a lover.
“Reasonable thickness?” Laedron asked. “The barrel's four inches thick.”
“Of course it is, young man. Cannon charge breaks through iron and steel; neither are strong enough to contain the explosion. Likewise, the ball must be made of wolframite lest it turn to shards and lose its precision.”
“Sounds expensive,” Laedron said. 
“Aye,” Uller said. “Beneath the city of Dragonsbreath flows a river of molten wolframite, and there the cannons are cast in the foundries. ‘Tis easier to make them while the metal is molten instead of remelting ingots later.”
Laedron tilted his head. “They're made nowhere else?”
“It's the richest supply of the metal, and the most available. Almarians are the most experienced, as well, and they teach their secrets to no one.”
“Then how do you know all this?” Marac asked. “If it's such a secret, why did they tell you?”
“I worked in those foundries, boy,” Uller said, a hatred carrying into his voice. “Rafik purchased me some years ago.”
“You're a slave?” Laedron asked. “And a discontent one, at that?”
“Not toward Rafik, no. They work their slaves to death in the foundries if they remain long enough. It was a favor to free me from that place.”
“Why work your laborers to death?” Laedron asked. “It doesn't make any sense.”
“To protect the secret. To keep you from escaping, if you even could with the constant guard. This cannon here costs thousands of your sovereigns, much more than the price of a new slave to replace a dead one.”
“Monstrous,” Mikal said.
“There are greater things to be feared in the world than slave masters,” Uller said. “I hear we've taken on some fools who mean to do battle with the Heraldan church.”
“We're not fools,” Mikal protested. “We're knights, and we serve the Shimmering Dawn.”
“Of course, young fellow. Too bad you didn't bring an army to aid you.”
“We don't need one,” Laedron said. “Don't worry about us, gunmaster.”
Uller bowed. “Very well, sorcerer.”
“How'd you know?” Laedron asked, raising an eyebrow.
Uller's eyes glanced at the narrow sheath at Laedron’s side. “I know a wand when I see one. At first, I thought it strange you weren't wearing a sword, but then I realized what you are.”
“Does it bother you?” Laedron asked.
He shook his head. “No, not at all. Never met a mage, but I've seen them. You're not an Almarian, so I don't figure you'd try to torture me for your own entertainment.”
“A Circle mage would never do that. Only a twisted, dark sorcerer would put someone in pain for his own amusement.”
“I hope you keep to that ideal. I'll be retiring now. Keep off the cannon charge, will you?”
“Yeah,” Laedron said, nodding. “Thank you for the conversation.”
“Anytime,” Uller said, ascending the stairs.



Chapter Fourteen
An Unlikely Ally


Over the passing days, Laedron watched the activities of the various crew members and the happenings on the ship. He had never been on a ship before, and the few vessels he had seen in Reven’s Landing were too far out at sea to learn anything of seafaring. In the mornings, an Al’Qaran named Pashim brought their meals before he continued his rounds of checking the ship for leaks and repairs. Laedron was nagged to be out of the way when Uller came to inspect the guns at midday or when the crew was called to swab the decks. When the sun set each evening, the Al'Qarans played a stringed instrument called a masharam that looked like a lute, but its tone was far more bass. With the crew’s passionate voices singing in Myrric, the songs had a calming influence on Laedron’s troubled mind though he couldn't understand the words.
To avoid tongue-lashings from the crew, Laedron and his knights locked themselves away in the bowels of the ship. While Marac and Brice practiced swordplay, Mikal watched Laedron practice magic until it was his turn to fight. Laedron noticed Marac and Brice stopping to watch him when he cast a particularly flashy spell, but he was quick to tell them to get back to practice. They must learn to concentrate on what they’re doing instead of me if we’re to succeed, Laedron thought.
Following a week of mostly favorable winds, he heard a noise he hadn't before, the ringing of a dense bell from the upper deck. Whoever rang the bell did it quickly, seeming panicked in their attempt to issue warning. Laedron and the others clamored to their feet and knocked one another around in the stampede to the top of the stairs.
Just as they reached the top deck, men rushed past them and down to the guns. Rafik stood toward the bow, a spyglass in hand, scanning the sea ahead.
“What's going on?” Laedron asked, trying to catch his breath from the sudden excitement.
“Warships. They approach from the east.”
“Warships?” Marac asked, his breathing panicked. “More than one?”
“Yes.”
Shielding his eyes from the sun with one hand, Laedron caught a glimpse of sails in the distance. With an echo of thunder, a splash rose from the water near the front of the vessel.
“What was that?” Brice asked, leaning over the side.
“Shot from a cannon. And you’d be good to keep yourself out of the way.” Rafik turned to the first officer. “Make ready the guns.”
“We're to fight them?” Marac asked. “Pirates?”
“No, not pirates. Ships of your Sorbian fleet. Far from their home waters.”
“What? Here?” Laedron asked.
Collapsing the spyglass, Rafik crossed his arms. “Your nation is at war with the theocracy, yes? This would be a blockade of their ports.”
“Surrender,” Laedron said. “We'll explain to them what we're doing here.”
“Surrender? And lose our cargo?” the first officer asked from behind them. “Nonsense.”
Rafik scratched his beard before looking back at the Sorbian ships inching closer. “Raise the white flag.”
“Captain? You can't be serious!” the first officer said.
“And what would you have me do, Nashir? Fight two warships and sink our own? Better to leave with our vessel intact. Besides, at this range, they could have landed the shot. It must not be their intention to attack us.”
“Perhaps they don't have a gunmaster like ours, Captain,” Nashir said, then another ball struck the nearby water. “You know as well as I do how the navies lack skill.”
“Raise the white banner,” Rafik ordered, “or you shall be swimming before the hour is out.”
Nashir raised his nose and tightened his stance. “Yes, Captain.” He ran to the aft, lowered their merchant flag, and raised a white strip of cloth in its place.
“Furl the sails and drop anchor,” Rafik called, and the crew rushed to obey.
The ship moaned to a halt, and the Sorbian ships came alongside. A man walked to the edge of the warship, propped his foot on the railing, and looked down at them. Laedron peered from behind Rafik, and he noticed the man’s only armor was a gorget about his neck and a breastplate with orange and black tufts of cloth skirting out from each opening.
“To whom do we owe the pleasure?” Rafik asked the Sorbian sailor.
“Tristan IV.” The man’s hate of the name seethed through his teeth. “I am Captain Adan Ross, commander of this squadron, and by order of his majesty King Xavier, we are required to search this ship for contraband.”
“Contraband? But what is your purpose, Sorbian? Why must you search my xebec?”
Adan raised an eyebrow. “Specifically, to ensure you aren't supplying the theocracy with arms or war supplies of any kind, of course.”
“We can assure it,” Laedron said, stepping out from behind Rafik. “There are no war supplies on this ship.”
A look of shock crossed Adan's face. “What are you doing over there, boy? Have these savages captured you?”
“For one, they're not savages. We paid them for passage, and they're taking us to Balfan; we have a mission there.”
“We? And how many of you are there aboard that Al’Qaran merchantman?”
“Four of us, sir.”
“And a mission? What sort of mission is that?”
“I cannot say for now. All I can tell you is we work for the Shimmering Dawn and King Xavier, and we must make haste.”
“What proof have you?” Adan asked.
Stepping forward, Marac raised his sleeve to display the Dawn Knights mark on his flesh. “There's our proof, Captain. Please, let us go.”
Adan nodded. “Get on your way, trader.”
The Sorbian ships’ sails unrolled in unison, and the vessels drifted away. Once his ship was free to maneuver, Rafik gave the order to make full speed into Balfan harbor, a command which the crew met with readiness and an eagerness to oblige.
“Lower the white flag from the mast,” he commanded before turning to Laedron. “It would seem my impression of you and your knights was made hastily and with error.”
“No, you weren't completely wrong in your appraisal. We are young and inexperienced, but we are steadfast to our cause and our mission.”
“Then, I thank you. Without your presence we would likely not have been allowed to pass. Come to my quarters.”
In his quarters, Rafik closed the door behind them. He produced a strongbox from the side of his desk, opened it, and gave a handful of coins to Laedron.
“Your fifty sovereigns,” Rafik said.
Laedron shook his head and tried to return them. “No, Captain. You've upheld your end of the bargain. They're yours.”
“They are yours.” Rafik pushed Laedron's hand away. “Our fee for passing your fleet unscathed and unmolested. Keep the gold.”
Laedron bowed his head and returned the coins to his purse. “Thank you, then, for the safe voyage and the hospitality.”
“May the Creator bless you in your mission. Best of luck to you.”
Leaving Rafik's cabin, Laedron disembarked, giving Uller a goodbye nod. He led the way along the dock, then traversed the village streets. Each of the buildings had ornate carvings of religious significance, from the temples in the distance down to the businesses, shops, and homes which lined the road.
“We need to locate Jurgen,” Laedron said, tucking his wand into his boot and uncoiling the scroll with their instructions. “We need not be obvious about our origins, either.”
He guided them across the town according to the directions Victor and Meklan had given him in Westmarch. “This place isn't much different from Reven’s Landing. Of course, the symbols of Azura aren't cast into every building back home, but these are quite similar in size.”
Marac said, “Yes, it does have that small town feel to it, but I feel danger in this place for us. We'd better find this Jurgen fellow fast.”
Taking a few turns and keeping a steady pace, Laedron arrived in front of a church.
“Where to next?” Mikal asked, glancing at each nearby street.
“This is it,” Laedron fixed his eyes on the steeple.
Brice turned to face the church. “You kid, right? There must be more.”
“No, this is the end.” Laedron searched the scroll for any further instructions. “It says to come to the end of the street and enter.”
A short man wearing the long brown tunic of a friar exited from the massive doors, and Laedron felt a sudden burst of fear shoot down his spine. 
“Excuse me, sire,” Marac said. “Pray tell us where we might find a man named Jurgen?”
When the friar looked up, they could see his look of surprise. “Midlanders?”
Thinking of a lie, Laedron tried to keep his expression plain. “Yes, we're Midlanders, out of Cael'bril we are. We've come on pilgrimage to pay our respects, and we seek Jurgen to give us shelter until we can move on.”
“I see…” the monk said, and Laedron held his breath through the long pause. “Come in, I shall take you to the vicar.”
Through the doors, past the pews and sanctuary, and into the abbey toward the rear of the structure, they followed him, finally reaching a sturdy oaken door upon which the friar rapped. A muffled voice spoke from within, and the friar opened the door wide.
“Vicar,” the friar said, “these young men have come to find you all the way from the midlands. Cael'bril, they said.”
“Thank you,” the man seated behind the desk replied. “Please, make yourselves at home.”
Closing the door behind him, the friar left, then Laedron sat and leaned toward the man. “Jurgen?”
“I am,” he replied, his face and voice weathered by many long years. “What might I do for you, my son?”
Placing a hand on his wand, Laedron stared across the table. “We've been sent by our order, the Shimmering Dawn, to find you, to seek your help.”
The man blinked slowly, clasping his hands together at his chin, a large ruby ring prominently displayed on his wrinkled left hand. “Did they now?”
Everything about the man told of his regal and wise nature, from the white of his hair to his upright, proud posture as he sat on the mahogany chair. He spoke every word with care and eloquence. Had Laedron not known better, he could easily have seen the man as being the Grand Vicar himself.
“Yes,” Laedron said. “Will you help us?”
The vicar adjusted himself in the chair. “You must understand my position before I respond directly to your question. I have been a Heraldan for my entire life, and I entered the church at a very young age. If I help you, I turn my back on all of those things I hold dear.”
“If you weren't considering it already, you wouldn't have even told us that,” Laedron said.
“Smart boy,” Jurgen said, smiling. “What I mean to say is that I would like to return to your Sorbia with you.”
“The church is banished from our kingdom. I don't think that would be possible, I'm afraid.”
“Then, I'm afraid I cannot help you in your task. You help me, and I shall do everything in my power to help you.”
“How are we supposed to do that?” Marac whispered to Laedron. “We can't disobey the king's order.”
“What would you do, Jurgen?” Laedron asked. “What would you do if you came with us to Sorbia?”
“What would I do? I would do much the same as what I do now. Guide my flock, tend to my church, and do the things I was born to do.”
“That's all well and good,” Laedron said. “But what do we tell the authorities when asked what you're doing in our company?”
“Tell them nothing. I would travel in secret, and so long as I don't display my regalia, no one would know the difference. I'd be an old man traveling with a guard.”
“And why should we care for a new Heraldan church in the lands of Sorbia? What do you have to offer that the sinister hands of the theocracy have yet to bring?” Laedron asked with a sneer.
Jurgen grinned despite the obvious insult. “I wouldn't bring a Heraldan church, young man.”
Laedron's anger turned to curiosity. “What do you mean by that, priest?”
Jurgen stood and paced as he spoke. “A new church, refined and reformed. Unlike the theocracy in every way. A church to do away with the corruption and secret dealings—a place of worship and nothing more. The people of Sorbia need spiritual guidance, but they can do without the flawed ways of the theocracy.”
“Who's to say you would fare any better?”
Jurgen nodded. “My plans wouldn't involve a Grand Vicar. Each church would be a parish unto itself, separate and independent of any higher authority. My brothers in Azura have lost their way, and I fear they shall not readily find the path to redemption.”
“He has a point,” Mikal said, “and it could be of benefit.”
“I would rather not be forced to pressure you, but I suffer misery the longer I remain here,” Jurgen said. “I want to be free of this hypocrisy, and you need me for your mission, whatever it is. I can make that happen, but you must swear to take me with you.”
Laedron thought on his words. His mind drifted between his own values and the words of Ismerelda, especially the parts about how the entire Heraldan church and all of its doctrines were, in essence, a fabrication. 
“Fine,” Laedron said. “We will bring you to Sorbia with us, but know this, if you do any harm, I shall become an instrument of vengeance upon you.”
“Sounds reasonable to me,” the vicar said with a dip of his head. “You are loyal to your people, and I respect that. Unfortunately, I can no longer be.”
Laedron lowered his eyes. “Now, you shall help us.”
“What are the details of your task?”
“We have come to kill Gustav Drakar. The brother of the Grand Vicar.”
Fright riddled Jurgen’s face. “Then you are either very powerful compared to your appearance, or you have been sent on a fool's errand.”
“You won't help? You won't be making the trip to Sorbia if you don't.”
“I'm simply concerned,” Jurgen replied. “If I help you with this task, there are no guarantees that any of us will return alive.”
“That is the price of betrayal,” Laedron said. “It is our mission, and we must accomplish it before leaving these shores—with or without your help.”
“You'll need every ounce of help you can muster. I can get you close, close enough to make the kill, but it will be yours and yours alone. My oath forbids me from taking another life.”
“Then get us close,” Laedron said, crossing his arms. “Take us to him.”
“Gustav has recently returned from abroad, and he is recovering in Pilgrim's Rest to the south. If we are to have any success in getting to him and making it out alive, we must go there. We must reach him before he leaves for Azura. Once he is returned to the palace, there’s no chance.”
Standing, Laedron extended his hand. “It's a deal, then. Make yourself ready, and we'll acquire a coach for travel. Does the road take us the entire way?”
Jurgen took Laedron's hand. “Yes, except for a bridge over the channel. Barring that, we can avoid the capital completely.”
“Good. We shall return shortly with a coach.” Laedron turned to the door.
“I would know your name,” Jurgen said.
He looked back to the priest and said, “Laedron Telpist,” before leading his knights from the room.
Once out of the church and on the street, Marac stopped Laedron. “Can we trust him? He's a priest. What if we return with the coach, and he has people waiting for us?”
“I didn't get that impression,” Mikal said. “He's an old man, and I genuinely believe he wants to escape this country.”
“What choice do we have either way?” Laedron asked. “We can help him and serve both of our ends, or we can go it alone at much greater risk.”
“Do you trust his words?” Marac asked.
“Yes, and more than that, Meklan and Victor trust him, though we may not know the reason,” Laedron said.
“Very well,” Marac said with a sigh. “I'll trust you. I always have.”
“I know,” Laedron said with a grin. “Let's find a coach.”
“I saw some lining a road near the docks,” Brice said. “That’d be a good place to hire one, I’d wager.”
When they returned with a carriage, horses, and a driver, Jurgen, clad in silver and gold cloth embroidered with symbols of Azura, waited on the steps of the church. “My traveling robes,” he said, seeming to notice how they gawked at its grandiosity.
Laedron walked to the front of the coach to talk to the driver. “Not a word of this to anyone if you want to keep your life.” Raising his wand to the horses, he cast his spell, and a burst of dull violet light encompassed them from the hooves to the tops of their heads. The carriage driver's jaw dropped, but he said nothing.
“No stopping, and drive the horses as you never have before,” Laedron said before climbing into the back with the others.
“Your ma would've been proud to see that,” Marac said. “Looked just like the time back in Reven’s Landing.”
“I had some time to practice on the ship.” He paused, remembering his mother’s face. “I hope she would be proud of what I've accomplished.”
The coach rattled through the streets until it passed the gatehouse, and they were soon on the coastal road above the cliffs to the south. Balfan, like Pilgrim's Rest, occupied the two flat areas on either side of a vast range of seaside ridges, and a road connected them. Only when they reached the Heraldan Channel did they see another low-lying area, but a bridge over the canyon allowed them to maintain speed. Some fifty feet below, warships emerged from the mouth of the channel and drifted into the ocean, the flags of the theocracy raised high on their masts. They were undoubtedly on the way to do battle with the Sorbian navy in the Azuran Sea.
“May the Creator bless our friends upon the waters.” Laedron stared at the ships. “And may He sink those with intrigue in their hearts.”
“Amen,” Marac said. “May He see fit to bless us in our task, too.”
Laughing, Jurgen shook his head. “Only a fool would call upon the Creator to destroy his enemies.”
Laedron glared at Jurgen. “And do I need to remind you of your own scriptures, priest?”
“How do you mean?”
“According to your own holy texts, Azura called down the power of the Creator to defeat Vrolosh, yes?” Laedron asked, his anger growing.
“Yes, but that is different. The Netheren are evil incarnate.”
“A point of view,” Laedron said. “That's all good and evil truly is, and you'd be wise to remember that fact.”
“Point taken.” Jurgen’s smile wiped away, and grins appeared on the faces of each of the knights.
The remainder of the trip went without conversation until they spied the city of Pilgrim's Rest. Laedron leaned toward the window to take in the spectacle.
“An entire city built into the face of a cliff?” he asked.
Jurgen glanced through the window, then returned to his book. “Ah, yes. A harbor lies at the base, but much of the city is built into a terrace on the flat parts of the ridge.”
“A fortress unto itself,” Mikal said. “It will be difficult to keep our privacy in that place.”
“Yeah,” Brice said, doing his best to peek around the others. “We'd better be careful. Better still, we'd be best to do our task and leave as quickly as we can.”
“I second that,” Marac said. “No need to linger about.”
“These shall help you blend in.” Jurgen pulled brown raiments from his case. “You'll find things easier in the guise of friars.”
They slipped the robes over their other clothes. While fitting well enough not to draw suspicion, the garments afforded plenty of movement and concealment.
“Good idea,” Laedron said. “Thank you.”
“I told you I would help. Simply getting you into the city isn't enough.”
“Thank you, anyway,” Laedron said. “And sorry about before.”
“No need to be sorry.” Jurgen grinned. “Sometimes we must be reminded of things which aren't obvious to us. For that, I should thank you.”
When the coach ground to a halt, they departed the cabin to a light rain rolling over the top of the cliffs above. Jurgen led them through the narrow streets and into an inn. The structure was interesting in design, having paver stones throughout except where the stone of the cliff had been smoothed for the floor. The same was true for the walls; wood and cut stone were fitted precisely to the face of the ridge.
“Welcome to the Overlook,” the innkeeper said, a quill in his hand. “Ah, Jurgen, good to see you again.”
“A pleasure as always, Velan.” Jurgen reached for the innkeeper's open hand, embracing it.
“Uncommon to see you around these parts this time of year,” Velan said. “Especially with the threat of war close to our shores.”
“The friars and I are here on a special purpose, for we've come to witness the Southern Lights. No better time to see them than before the conflict.”
“Just in time, I'd say,” Velan replied. “I've heard the Vicar Forane has made a special trip, also.”
“Yes, I've heard the same. It warms my heart to know that she and Deacon Gustav are present in this place.”
“Mine, as well.” Velan held out a rough iron key. “Here is the key to your usual boardroom.”
“Fine, thank you,” Jurgen said with a kind smile, then led the others upstairs.
“I can't help but feel sick being in these robes,” Laedron said. “It betrays everything I stand for.”
“Don't complain,” Brice said. “You can burn them later, but we must get close to Gustav.”
“Don't complain? You're one to say that,” Marac said.
Laedron shook his head. “No bickering. Now's not the time.”
When Jurgen opened the door, Laedron was quick to enter and shed the shroud. Marac, Mikal, and Brice followed suit, and Jurgen carefully removed his garb and placed it in the closet with great care.
“How long until these Southern Lights you spoke of?” Laedron asked, scratching his arms, which itched from their contact with the burlap.
“Tomorrow night.” Jurgen took a seat on a tufted chair.
“So, we wait here?” Marac asked. “Cooped up in this room the whole time?”
“Yes, but not without cause,” Jurgen said. “There are matters of etiquette to go over before I can take you to such an event.”
“I say we just go in, swords and wand waving without caution,” Brice said. “Get rid of as many as we can.”
Pointing at Brice, Jurgen frowned. “You'd soon be put down. Do you think someone as important as Gustav would travel without his guard?”
“He's right,” Laedron said, waving his hand at Brice. “This mission requires a certain degree of finesse and stealth if we're to succeed and escape with our lives.”
“The question is, can these saps be taught to be civil?” Marac asked, looking at Brice and Mikal.
“Hey!” the two said in unison, each striking Marac on an arm.
Laedron covered his face with his palm. “I hope so. Go ahead, Jurgen. Let's begin.”



Chapter Fifteen
An Old Enemy


The first thing you must know is that a lesser clergyman won't look a greater in the eyes while in public,” Jurgen instructed. “Avert your eyes to their chin or throat, or even as high as the nose but not, under any circumstances, the eyes.”
“Why's that?” Marac asked.
“It's a mark of respect for your betters. At least it is within the church. It shows you are a willing servant, subordinate of those of a higher status.”
“Where we come from, not looking someone in the eye is disrespectful,” Laedron said. “It'll be a hard habit to break.”
“You must try. It helps me when I focus on their raiments and admire the beauty of the cloth and the skill of the craftsman.”
“Don't look them in the eyes,” Brice repeated. “Got it. Anything else?”
“We haven't even skimmed the surface,” Jurgen said. “Do you have somewhere else to be?”
Brice shook his head with disappointment. 
Jurgen said, “Then we'll move on. You have it easier than I do, you see? Friars are at the bottom in stature, so there are few things anyone would ask of you. Your purpose is to aid me in any way I request. Follow me, do as I say, and ask permission for everything. After I give you instructions or permission, a bow will suffice to show respect to any onlookers.
“Keep your heads down, and use the hood. That should prevent anyone from recognizing you in case there is anyone present who might. Now, practice makes perfect. We shall go to our evening meal.”
Jurgen stood, then helped each of them arrange the cowls over their heads after they put on the robes. “Follow me and remember what I've taught you. No talking.”
They followed him downstairs and out of the inn, where Jurgen led the way to a restaurant not far away. Once inside, they sat at the only large table in the place.
“Be seated, my brothers,” he said after taking a seat, his palms raised in the air.
Jurgen ordered the food and drink, and they dined in silence. Laedron's mind was awash with thoughts of how dull and boring a life in the monastery would have been had he taken that route, but those ideas conflicted with the realization that, had he joined the church, his outlook on the Heraldan faith would be markedly different. He knew the priests believed in the church's doctrines, but Laedron thought the clergymen were simply ignorant of the truth.
Having satisfied Jurgen's want for perfection from them, Laedron and his knights were given the signal to stand and walk behind him toward the exit. Jurgen bowed as another priest entered the establishment, and when he saw the man, Laedron’s heart raced, his eyes widened, and his breathing went shallow.
Before him stood a man with a familiar face, one he hadn't seen since Morcaine. The priest had short auburn hair and a pair of emerald eyes peeking through it. Even his robes matched Laedron's memory, a memory he had tried to repress over the past weeks, and he couldn't keep his eyes from locking with those of the symbol of everything he'd come to hate about the church.
Reaching into his friar's garment, his hand readily found his wand. The priest looked back, his eye twitching. Just before Laedron could draw his wand, Marac grabbed his arm. “What are you doing? Come on, let's go.”
Brice and Mikal turned to help, but the priest spoke when they reached the door. “Wait a moment.”
Jurgen froze in his tracks and turned, seeming to just then notice the others were far behind him. He returned and bowed to the other priest.
“My apologies,” Jurgen said, his voice cracking. “They are new to the order and view your portrait in our cloister each day. Imagine their surprise to see one as great as you in passing.”
“All is forgiven,” the man said. “Perhaps that portrait should be replaced with the likeness of Azura, that they would be in awe of true greatness.”
“Yes, Deacon Gustav, I shall see to it.” Jurgen pulled Laedron along. “We shall do as you command.” Laedron's mind was filled with confusion.
Once in the street and out of sight, Laedron broke free from the others. “You mean to tell me that he is Gustav Drakar?”
“You say that as if you know him,” Jurgen said, a baffled look on his face.
“He killed my teacher!” Laedron said, seething with anger and drawing his wand. “I'll burn the place down!”
Jurgen snatched the wand from his hand. “You'll do no such thing! We wait, boy!”
“No!” Laedron shouted, struggling to wrest the wand from Jurgen’s grip. “Give it back!”
“Help me,” Jurgen said to the others. “He's mad!”
Marac and the knights each seized one of Laedron's limbs and dragged him toward the inn. He fought them with every ounce of strength he could muster, but it was no use. They returned to their quarters amidst funny looks from passersby and Velan the innkeeper, while Jurgen tried to explain his outburst as his being filled with vigor by Azura herself.
“Traitors!” Laedron shouted, entering their room and turning to them. “All of you, traitors!”
“You can't go blasting down restaurants,” Jurgen said. “It's not the way this must be done.”
“I can't? Oh, I assure you I most certainly can, and I most certainly will. Return my wand!”
“Not until you calm yourself,” Marac said.
Approaching Marac, Laedron was filled with anger. “And you're with him now? You would betray me after everything we've been through?”
“Laedron Telpist, you need be guarded with your words lest you say something you shall regret,” Marac said, his voice firmer than Laedron could ever recall.
“Tell me why!” Laedron shouted. “You tell me why I should restrain myself.”
“Think of the innocents.” Jurgen grabbed a handful of Laedron's robe in each hand. “If you would kill everyone in the place, you're no better than what you seek to defeat.”
Shaking his head, Laedron blinked, stepped back, and collapsed into the velveteen chair. As he breathed deeply, he saw the concern in each of them, but most of all, he felt Marac's dreadful gaze pierce his heart.
“I'm sorry,” he said, rubbing his eyes with his fingertips.
Marac knelt beside him. “It's all right. I'd be filled with anger, too, but we must keep our heads. We have no chance otherwise.”
“We have no chance to begin with,” Laedron said, his hands falling to either side of the chair. “He's too powerful.”
“Too powerful?” Brice asked.
“He killed my teacher, Ismerelda. She was likely one of the greatest sorceresses in the world,” Laedron said. “We cannot defeat him.”
“Tell us about her,” Mikal said, inching closer. “Make us understand.”
“It's no use. We might as well leave this place and make whatever lives we can for ourselves while there’s still time to escape.”
“Nonsense,” Marac said. “We've come this far, too far to turn back now. Tell us of Ismerelda, Laedron.”
He crossed his arms and tensed up, then finally obliged. “She was Uxidin, one of the immortals. She grew up with Azura.”
“Blasphemy,” Jurgen whispered. “Impossible.”
“Do you want to hear of this or not?” Laedron asked.
Jurgen nodded slowly when the knights stared at him. “Continue, then.”
“Uxidin, one of the immortals. She told me the tale of Azuroth and of Vrolosh, their ancient enemy. They stood upon the mount and defeated the defilers. If he could kill her, there is no hope that we can succeed, for she was more powerful than I could ever hope to be.”
Marac folded his arms. “We have something that she didn't.”
“Yeah? What's that?” Laedron asked.
“Laedron Telpist, son of Wardrick and Filadrena, the greatest sorcerer I've ever known,” Marac said.
“We have something else, too,” Brice said. “We know where he is, and he doesn't know we're coming.”
Mikal dipped his head to the others. “Here is something Meklan Draive said I'll never forget as long as I live. He said, 'You know how to kill a mage, Mikal? Surprise.'”
With tears flowing down his cheeks, Laedron shook his head and closed his eyes. “None of this should have happened.”
“But it did,” Marac said. “It happened, and we have to fix it. If we tuck our tails and run, how many more will die at his hands?”
Laedron wiped the tears away and took a deep breath. “You're right, but I will need to practice before we meet him again. You said we have until tomorrow night?”
Jurgen stepped closer. “Yes, one day until the Southern Lights can be seen in the night sky.”
“Then I don't have a moment to spare.” Laedron rose from the chair. “My wand, please.”
Jurgen offered the wand to him, and Laedron sheathed it inside his robe. “Do you know of any private place around here where I can prepare?”
“Outside of town,” Jurgen said, nodding. “There is a system of caverns not traversed by most.”
“The rest of you remain here,” Laedron said. “We shall return shortly.”
“Shouldn't we accompany you?” Marac asked. “Meklan told us to never leave your side.”
Laedron waved them off. “We'll be fine. Wait here.”
Jurgen grabbed a lantern and led him outside the city for over a mile, then cut through a field and thicket before arriving at the mouth of a great cave. They climbed down the rocky steps to the bottom.
Laedron produced his spellbook and flipped to the pages in the back. Those were the spells he hadn’t reviewed at length, but he knew they were the most potent of his collection.
“Do not be afraid,” Laedron said, holding his wand high in the air. With a flick of the wrist and an incantation shouted, a lightning bolt erupted across the open space of the cavern. Thunder rolled, the echo reproducing the clap for a minute afterward.
“My God,” Jurgen said.
“You've seen nothing yet.” Taking his stance again, Laedron used deep concentration, murmuring the words of the spell and waving the wand to and fro. The spell manifested in a blinding white light, enough to illuminate the sides and roof of the rock surrounding them. As he thrust the wand before him, beams of searing vibrancy arced into the darkness, licking the walls and floor. Into his nostrils wafted the scent of molten rock, and wisps of smoke smoldered from the stone. 
Jurgen stepped back as Laedron continued his spells, each one more magnificent than the last, and every spell produced a brilliant flicker of light before fading away. Hours passed before he perfected his casting, and every mistake was met with stern self-criticism—his own resentment for faults when he had no time for error.
“I underestimated you, young man,” Jurgen said.
Smiling, Laedron tilted his head and looked over his shoulder at him. “I get that a lot.”
“It's getting late. We should get back to the inn.”
With sweat beading on his skin despite the coolness of the cavern, Laedron nodded, and they returned to the inn.
Arriving in the room, Laedron's stopped in surprise. “Where are they?” On the far bed lay a pile of swords and sheaths, and his knights were nowhere to be found.
Jurgen's look of surprise matched his. “I do not know. Stay here, and I shall check with Velan.”
Just when Laedron's temper had reached its peak, Jurgen returned, closed the door, and said, “They left a few hours ago, but they did not say where they were going.”
“Left? That's not like them,” Laedron said. “We must find them.”
“Wait. We mustn't go searching the city for them, for it will only draw attention to us.”
Laedron raised his hands in frustration. “What do we do, then?”
“We wait. Perhaps they will return shortly.”
“And if they don't?” Laedron asked, folding his arms.
Jurgen looked at the floor. “Then, we shall seek them out in the morning. The mission is of the greatest importance, yes?”
Laedron bobbed his head in affirmation.
“Then we must wait,” Jurgen repeated. “To be on the streets seeking your friends would jeopardize the task at hand.”
While Laedron slouched in the chair, the hours passed with neither his friends returning nor any news of their fate. It wasn't long before he was left awake by himself, Jurgen having fallen asleep, and the candle at the far end of the room burned down to a nub. I swear by the Creator, he thought, if this is Marac seeking the pleasures and entertainment of the city’s night life, I’ll kill him myself.
The door opened. Roused from his slumber, Laedron sprang to his feet, wand in hand. In stumbled Brice, a trail of blood behind him. 
Laedron rushed to his side and closed the door. “What happened?”
The sudden activity caused Jurgen to awake in surprise as well. “Taken,” Brice said, his voice raspy. “They've been taken!”
“Taken where?” Laedron asked. “What happened to you?”
“Taken,” he repeated.
Laedron helped him to the bed and laid him down, careless of the blood soaking the linens. “Yes, yes, they were taken. Where, Brice?”
“The coachman, he betrayed us to the church,” Brice said in a frail voice, his eyes widening and fixing a stare to the ceiling before his body went limp.
Laedron brought his wand before him, waving it and chanting through his sobbing.
“What are you doing?” Jurgen asked. “He's gone.”
“Bringing him back!” Laedron shouted. “Stay out of my way!”
The brilliant green light enveloped Brice’s body, and his wounds closed as Laedron flicked his wand faster across the corpse. Through the room expanded the swirling energy, extinguishing the candle and knocking it from the table. While Laedron continued the spell, the curtains were torn from the window. Jurgen ran to the glass, throwing his arms wide to cover it.
Laedron's tears flowed freely when the body before him took a deep breath. Brice’s back arched, life once again flowing through his veins. A fracture found its way through the stone, and the floor shook before the spell dispersed.
Jurgen whispered, “Maker... you are surely divine, boy.”
Turning his head, Laedron stared at him. “You dream, priest.”
Brice coughed and turned to his side, immediately falling into a deep slumber. Laedron made his way to the door, but Jurgen stopped him. “Where do you mean to go now?”
“To find the coachman. To find out where my other friends have been taken.”
“No.” Jurgen moved to bar his exit. “Not tonight.”
Laedron knocked his arm out of the way. “No. Tonight it shall be!” He stormed through the door and slammed it behind him, meeting several of the other occupants of the inn in the hallway.
“What was that racket?” one man asked, tugging at his bedclothes to keep them closed.
“The storm grows close, I'd say,” Laedron said, pushing past them. Passing Velan, still snoring and seemingly unaware of any disturbance, Laedron wondered how a man could sleep through something like that.
The guard patrols were heavy on the roads, but Laedron made use of the sweeping rain and thunder to mask his movements. He chose a route through the alleys and darkness to the coach station. Laedron saw the man who had brought them to Pilgrim’s Rest seated atop the driver’s bench of his wagon. Like a wild beast stalking its prey, Laedron focused upon his target.
“No one's hired him on,” Laedron whispered. “Good.”
He waited until lightning struck again to act. With a swish of his wand and the words spoken, the coach driver flew through the air and into the alley, landing at Laedron’s feet. A roll of thunder shrouded the man’s screams.
Not wasting his opportunity, Laedron cast his spell, sealing the coachman's lips closed with folds of his own skin. “Scream again, and your suffering shall be legendary.”
The driver bobbed his head, and Laedron smelled the familiar scent of urine wafting from him. Drunk with anger, Laedron flicked his wand and shouted the word, slicing an incision into the skin of his mouth. The driver whimpered, blood flowing down his face.
“I simply want to talk,” Laedron said. “Where have they taken my friends?”
“What friends?” the driver asked. 
Unsatisfied with his response, Laedron cast his spell again, slashing the man across the cheek. “Wrong answer.”
“They took them to the cathedral,” the driver said, coughing on his own blood and wincing.
“And you revealed us to the church, didn’t you?” Laedron leaned close to the man’s face. “Foolishly, you sold us out.”
“I… I had no choice. Please!”
“Thank you,” Laedron said, standing erect above the man. “One last bit of business...”
“Don't do it,” a voice said from his side. Both Laedron and the driver turned to see Jurgen standing at the end of the alley. “Don't.”
“What do you know of it, old man?” Laedron hissed through his teeth. “Be merciful? Was your church merciful to my friends? I told you to stay with Brice, and you should have if you didn't want to witness what will pass here.”
The lightning cracked above them, and Jurgen approached. “Don't be like them. If you do this, you'll be a murderer.”
“It's not murder,” Laedron said. “It's fulfilling a promise.”
“It mustn’t be this way. Brice lives, and we have not discovered the fate of your other comrades.” Jurgen put a hand on Laedron’s arm. “Release him, and be better than those you fight against. An enemy committing an evil against you does not forgive you if you should do the same.”
Laedron shook his head, then looked at the man. “Get out of this town before I change my mind.” He walked away, leaving the coach driver alive. 
When he returned to the inn, Laedron could see the cracks and splinters in the once perfect architecture, but he didn't care. Opening the door to their room, he entered, leaving it ajar for Jurgen.
Drenched from the storm, Laedron knelt beside the bed and took Brice's hand. Jurgen locked the door and stood near the footboard.
“You’re a good man, Laedron,” Jurgen said, folding his arms.
“Am I?” Laedron asked. “He turned us over to the church, and he’s even more likely to seek the authorities now.”
“I doubt that. The last moment I saw him, he had gotten on his coach and headed to the north.”
“I suppose we’ll see if the guard comes knocking on our door. After all, he took my first warning quite seriously, didn't he?”
“I still think you’re a good man, for you’ve shown mercy despite the fact you had every reason to inflict the killing strike.”
Laedron narrowed his eyes. “And I’ve put us in even greater danger by allowing him to live, a mistake I doubt your precious church would make given the chance.”
Jurgen threw his hands in the air. “I've never harmed a soul.”
“Then you're a good man. Better than the rest of your brothers, that's for sure, but you weren't at the academy back in Morcaine. I've seen what your church is capable of doing.”
“That's not everyone,” Jurgen said. “More of us are good men than not.”
“We shall see. When the battle drums roar and the men march, we shall see the true colors of your church once again. Put a little pressure on your brothers, and they'll come around.”
“Useless,” Jurgen said, removing his robes and lying on the bed. “We'll discuss things in the morning.”
“In the morning, Gustav will pay for everything he's cost me. All of the vengeance I have within me shall be visited upon him.”
Jurgen turned onto his side without another word. With the passing of hours, Laedron stayed at his friend's side. When he could take the strain no longer, he collapsed, still grasping Brice's hand.



Chapter Sixteen
The Depths of the Church


The dawn of the next morning flooded the room with nothing to stop it; the drapes still lay crumpled on the floor amidst the other items tossed from the night before. Laedron awoke to a squeezing of his hand.
“Brice?” he asked, coming to his knees at the bedside. “How do you feel?”
When Brice moaned and grumbled, Laedron's heart was enveloped with warmth and his face with a smile. “Wake up, brother.”
Blinking a few times, Brice took Laedron in his gaze. “Lae?”
“Yes!” Laedron said, unable to contain his excitement. “It's me, Lae.”
“What happened to me? I hurt all over.”
Laedron nodded. “Don't worry about that, you'll feel better soon enough.”
“Where are the others?”
“Taken,” Jurgen said, rolling onto his side to face them. “According to you.”
Letting out a deep breath and stroking his forehead, Brice closed his eyes. “Yes, the coachman. He turned us in. Told the church about us.”
“You needn't worry about him anymore,” Laedron said. “Why were you out?”
“Marac said we needed to do our part, to pull our weight. He said we needed to scout out the cathedral for you, and since you'd been gone an hour already, we agreed.”
Laedron bowed his head. “You should've stayed here, but no matter now, it can't be undone or changed. What happened next?”
“We made our way through the streets and avoided the guard. So many patrols. We continued west and found the cathedral. Then the coachman shouted from behind us when a patrol approached.”
“How did you make it out of there alive?” Laedron asked.
“I ran and hid,” Brice said, a tear coming to his eye. “Like a coward. I don't deserve to be a knight, I let them all down.”
“Forget that.” Laedron put a hand on his shoulder. “If you hadn't made it back, I would never have known.”
“After a short fight, the guards took them into the church. Marac and Mikal didn’t have a chance without their weapons,” Brice said. “When I tried to make my escape, one of them saw me. I felt a sharp pain in my back, but I kept running. When I got outside of the inn, I pulled out the arrow. I shouldn't have done that, but I wanted it out of me.”
Laedron rubbed the back of his neck. “Anything else we should know?”
“No, that's it. I passed out and woke up this morning,” Brice said, reaching for his spine. “The wound, it's gone!”
“I healed you of it,” Laedron said.
“More than that,” Jurgen said, climbing out of the bed. “He brought you back to life.”
“What?” Brice asked, a confounded expression on his face.
Laedron shook his head. “No need to dally in the past.”
“Is that true?”Laedron closed his eyes and nodded. 
“How can that be?”
“I don't know. All I know is you're with me again. That's all that matters.”
“No,” Jurgen said, squinting before donning his eyeglasses. “Something else matters.”
Laedron turned to him. “What do you mean, priest?”
Jurgen approached, then examined Laedron's head for a few moments. 
“What are you doing?”
“Gray tips,” Jurgen said. “All over your hair. Better take a look in the mirror.”
Laedron stood and walked to the mirror. He saw a reflection unlike what he remembered. In such a short time, his visage had changed. His eyes were the same color, but the person behind them seemed older, and the white at the end of each raven lock troubled him. His eyes carried discolored bags beneath them, and his forehead was weathered. He didn't see a boy of sixteen, anymore; what he saw in the mirror was the face of a man in his early twenties, but his hair made him feel even older.
Touching his skin, he manipulated it as if he could repair the damage. “What has become of me?”
“Is it the magic?” Brice struggled to sit up in the bed. “Is it my fault?”
“No,” Jurgen said, turning to him. “It's no one's fault that this happened.”
“The fault lies with me,” Laedron said. “Don't blame yourself.”
The others stood in silence until Laedron spoke again. “No matter, it can't be helped. We must make a plan to get our friends back.”
“The festival of the Southern Lights begins at dusk,” Jurgen said. “Everyone gathers in the cathedral to await the presiding priest.”
“To have any hope of getting our friends back, we must attack before the ceremony,” Laedron said. “Are you on good terms with Gustav?”
“As best as can be expected,” Jurgen replied.
Laedron gazed at him. “And what do you mean by that?”
“The Drakars are a recent addition to our church, but they were accepted quickly. No one had ever seen priests with such fervent devotion to Azura or such minds for administration. Though I was assured to be the next Grand Vicar by all the consuls, they brushed me aside when the Drakars came, and I was banished to the tiny church where you found me.”
“Can you get us inside before the service?”
“Yes, of course. Clergymen are expected to arrive early, anyway.”
“Good,” Laedron said. “You and I will go in the afternoon, then.”
“What about me?” Brice asked.
Laedron turned to him. “You're staying here. After everything that's happened, you're in no condition to fight.”
“You can't go it without me,” Brice said, climbing out of the bed. He fell to the floor, unable to support his own weight.
“No,” Laedron said, helping him back to bed. “You need your rest. You're no good to me if you can't hold a sword.”
Brice closed his eyes. “You're probably right. My whole body aches.”
“I'll get us something to eat,” Jurgen said, opening the door. “Back in a blink.”
When the door opened sometime later, Jurgen entered with a box in his arms. Laedron helped him unload the food, and he passed Brice a generous portion of each item. Discovering a parchment and quill in the bottom of the box, he turned to Jurgen. “What's this for?”
“I can draw what I know of the cathedral. It shall help us make our plans.”
They ate while Jurgen took turns between a cut of beef and mapping the structure. When he was finished, he held it up to the light for a better inspection.
“Magnificent structure,” Laedron said, looking at the map.
“Yes.” Jurgen returned it to the table. “Much like the other buildings in this city, the cathedral is partly built from outside materials and partly carved from the cliff face itself.”
“Where would Gustav be?”
Examining the map closely, Jurgen said, “The most likely place would be here, in this large antechamber. Its common purpose is that of an abbey for monks, but there hasn't been a cloistered order at this church for many years.”
“Why not?”
“When the Southern Lights became more known and drew larger crowds to see them, the cathedral became more visited. Monks require privacy so they may partake of their quiet reflections and studies. The vicar received complaints of constant visitors from the men, so they were moved to a more fitting, and more private, location.”
Laedron nodded. “What's the best way to get in there?”
“The church has but one face exposed to the outside world. Once inside, the clergy have access to tunnels and corridors leading around the perimeter of the structure. We should have no troubles.”
Laedron searched the map for a moment. “And where would they keep my friends?”
“Knowing what I do of Gustav, he'd want to keep them secure, but close,” Jurgen said, his finger tracing the antechamber. “Here, or perhaps here. Both are deep in the cathedral, and both have quick access from the deacon's quarters.”
“Can we get to those rooms without first confronting the deacon?”
“Of course,” Jurgen said. “They will likely be guarded, though. We must be careful.”
Laedron bowed. “Good, then we go when the sun wanes in the afternoon.”

* * *

Jurgen helped Laedron dress in the friar's robes once again, pulling the cowl over his hair and straightening the bottom. Before Jurgen made the finishing touches, Laedron remembered when Ismerelda had done the same so long ago. You will be avenged this day, he thought.
He tucked his wand into his boot so it could be hidden while also being easily found when needed. Once Laedron was dressed, Jurgen opened his case and removed his ceremonial garments, rich and decadent clothes with embroideries and embellishments Laedron hadn’t seen before.
“You must be important in the church,” Laedron said.
Jurgen grinned. “You must be of some importance or a venerable status to hold dominion inside the theocratic lands. Even though my church and holdings are small, they are regarded higher than any great cathedral outside these lands. The Drakars couldn’t simply cast me out since I was well-connected, but they found the next best thing in Balfan.”
“Seems it would be difficult to leave such a position,” Laedron said. “Yet, you do it so readily.”
“I tire of the corruption. Like I said before, I seek a church of purity and reverence, not of intrigue and genocide.”
“I hope you see a church like that someday,” Laedron said.
Jurgen smiled. “I thought you didn't believe in things like that.”
“You're a good man. I can see that now,” Laedron said. “You deserve to live in peace.”
“Thank you, Laedron. I appreciate that.”
“You think me a bad person, don't you?”
“A bad person?”
“Yes, for wanting to kill the coachman, for all of the evil things I've done,” Laedron said. “Do you think I'm a bad person?”
“No.” Jurgen sighed. “I do not believe you're a bad person. On the contrary, I think you did a good thing by letting the driver go. If you continue on your present path, I think you may become evil, and quickly, but you still have the possibility of redemption.”
“How can one redeem himself?”
“I’m afraid that is beyond my expertise, for you're not a follower of faith. If I were faithless, I would say that the path to goodness would be to help my fellow man. To do no wrongs or as few as I could. To live a good life.”
“But how?”
“You know the way,” Jurgen said. “Surely your parents taught you the difference between right and wrong. You feel it in your heart, do you not?”
Laedron shrugged. “Well, yes, I suppose.”
“Then you know the right way, but you choose not to follow it at times. It is when our values are the least helpful that we hold to them. Through those trials, we find goodness.”
“You're a wise man, Jurgen. Thank you.”
“Wisdom is what you make of it. It can easily serve two sides of the same coin—the merciful, forgiving face or the one of hate and avarice.”
“I will try to do better,” Laedron said, opening the door.
“That's good.” Jurgen walked into the hall. “I'm glad for that.”
Laedron followed with his head hung low the way he had been told was customary. With the daylight, he could see that the cracks in the stonework were much worse than he'd originally thought, and he felt a measure of regret for damaging the building.
Passing the innkeeper's desk, Velan asked, “Did you have an easy night?”
“Yes, it was easy,” Jurgen said. “Why do you ask it in such a manner?”
“The quake. It didn't wake you?”
Jurgen eyed Laedron before turning to Velan again. “We must've slept through it.”
“I'm amazed,” Velan said. “It woke everyone else in the place.”
“We were quite tired from the journey here,” Jurgen said. “The road wears on these old bones worse than most.”
Velan nodded with a smile, and Laedron exited behind Jurgen into the street. Tiny cracks traced the nearby road and walls of the neighboring shops, too.
“What have I done?” Laedron whispered.
Jurgen led him to the left. “At least no one was hurt. No need to worry over it now.”
All manner of people from the town were in the streets, each dressed in their finest garments for the ceremony. The conversations he overheard consisted mostly of thanking Azura for protecting their lives during the earthquake the night before.
Mixing with the stream of people, Laedron and Jurgen continued along the winding road leading to the cathedral grounds. The first thing Laedron noticed were the gigantic pillars of marble, thicker than any oak in Sorbia and easily taller than the academy in Morcaine. A beautiful fresco across its massive face depicted the battle in which Azura destroyed Vrolosh. In the painting, hundreds, or even thousands, of intricate carvings of defilers surrounded the mound on which she stood, her staff raised to the heavens.
The parishioners funneled through a narrow entry, beautiful as it was, and Laedron followed Jurgen through the door also. Being at least triple the height of a man, the massive wooden doors on either side remained open by their weight alone. They eventually reached the foyer where Laedron heard a mighty organ piping out a tune.
Keeping his head down, Laedron was able to catch a glimpse of the people and activities nearby, but he relied on Jurgen's steady pace and the voices of others to guide him. When the music grew silent, the crowd lowered their voices, and Laedron glimpsed the opulent altar at the other end to see a priest raising his hands beneath an impressive crystal chandelier.
“Brothers and sisters in Azura, I welcome you to the festival of the Southern Lights. For so long as our blessed church has graced these shores, we have attended in awe of the splendors of our mistress. Though our trials have been difficult of late and war looms on our horizon, we stay vigilant to the teachings lest we lose the light and the world falls into darkness.”
After they turned a corner, he could no longer hear the priest's voice, for it had become nothing more than a hollow echo. Jurgen opened a side door, and Laedron followed him.
Closing the door behind them, Jurgen removed his cowl, so Laedron did the same. The hallway was dim, having only torches and candles to illuminate the way.
“I'll do all the talking,” Jurgen said, looking down the tunnel. “First, your friends, right?”
“Yes,” Laedron said
Jurgen produced the map and held it close to a nearby torch. “Let's get moving. Oh, and put your hood back up. Monks must be cowled at all times unless in their own cell.”
With a nod, Laedron covered his head before reaching in and scratching his scalp. I really wish they’d made it out of something other than burlap, he mused.
They walked down the hall, then came to an open room on the right. Several men dressed in signature brown robes occupied the tables placed about the room, each scrawling endlessly in the thick tomes opened before them. Beyond them sat huge shelves of books with movable ladders leaning against them.
“What is this place?” Laedron asked, stopping.
“Copymakers.”
“They sit and copy books their entire lives?” Laedron raised an eyebrow.
“No, only until they serve out their punishment. It is our way of showing penance for misdeeds.”
“They're criminals?”
“Not exactly. To you, it would be considered a misbehavior, failing to bow to a senior priest on more than one occasion, for instance.”
Laedron smirked. “That's all?”
“The church maintains a perfect order,” Jurgen said, continuing down the passage. “Deviation from that would result in mayhem, both for the church and for the populace we guide in these lands.”
While he was led through the labyrinth of tunnels and halls, Laedron felt a sinking feeling with each step they took. Deeper into the ground, he thought. Every inch we go means it will be harder to escape this place. With a deep breath, he forged ahead, keeping Jurgen within arm's reach.
“We're in the residences now,” Jurgen said as they entered a wider hallway. “It won't be much longer.”
“Good.” Laedron tugged at his robes. “It's getting cooler.”
“We're deep in the ground. The earth insulates the lower parts of the church.”
Laedron noticed the walls were more decorative the farther they went. “We're getting close, aren't we?”
“Yes.” Glancing to the left, Jurgen pointed at an opening into another hall. “Down there is the antechamber where Gustav will likely be. Your friends should be straight ahead, down these stairs.”
They descended a set of steps carved from the rock and beset by metal girders. Once at the bottom, a long tunnel darker than any of the others lay before them. About halfway down, Laedron heard a faint scream.
“Marac,” Laedron whispered, his fists tightening.
“Perhaps not. It was indistinct.”
“I've known him my whole life, priest. It was him,” Laedron said with a full measure of confidence in the fact.
Continuing through the tunnel, Laedron tried to walk lightly, but the sound of his shoes upon stone grated his teeth. They heard that for sure, he thought, the sound echoing.
Passing the next curve, Jurgen stopped in his tracks. With a hand motion, he summoned Laedron to his side, and Laedron slowly crept forward and peeked around the wall just enough to see beyond. A mere thirty feet away stood a guard in front of a single doorway, his halberd resting against the wall and a sword hanging at his hip.
“What shall we do?” Jurgen asked, easing back down the passage. “We're not armed.”
“You're mistaken.” Laedron drew his wand. “I came prepared.”
“Remember what we talked about, young man. Kill only when you must.”
Laedron nodded, then waved the wand and whispered the spell. A shroud of fluttering waves of energy enveloped him, turning him invisible. He approached the guard slowly, careful with every step until he was close enough to smell the man’s perspiration. At that point, Laedron held his breath so he wouldn't give himself away. Laedron gave the halberd a gentle push, and it slid across the wall and fell to the ground. 
“What in the hells?” Bending down, the guard reached for the polearm.
Laedron became visible behind him and waved his wand. As he whispered the words of the conjuration, the guard turned his head, his eyes wide with shock and fear. Laedron flicked his wrist, and a wave of energy struck the guard in the forehead. He began snoring, and Jurgen approached with an approving nod.
Opening the door, Laedron and Jurgen dragged the unconscious guard into the room. The stone walls were dark and grimy, and implements of torture were arranged in a semicircle around the places where men would be tied to pray for death. 
“Tie him with those bits of rope over there,” Laedron whispered. “Quick now!”
Jurgen closed the door and began tying up the guard, and Laedron spotted Marac bound by ropes on his wrists and ankles, hanging helplessly near the center of the room. He rushed to his friend. Marac's shirt had been removed, and the dirt and grime on his skin had mixed with his sweat and blood.
“Lae,” Marac said, whimpering with anguish. “I'm sorry, Lae. So sorry.”
“Is there anyone else here?” Laedron asked in a whisper, glancing to every corner of the room.
The simple act of shaking his head seemed to cause Marac more pain. “No, but they'll be back to finish me off. Just like they did Mikal.”
“Mikal? Where's he?”
Tears flooded Marac's eyes, his voice carrying as much anger as his weak body would allow. “He's dead. They killed him, Lae!”
Laedron eyed a pair of ropes cut and frayed beside his friend. “How?”
“Lashed to death. I lasted longer, but they'll be back to finish me for sure. We wouldn't tell them anything, Lae.”
While Marac writhed against his bonds, Laedron looked at his back. The cuts inflicted by his tormentors were deep and long. Inspecting the wounds made Laedron's skin sting with sympathy and his stomach turn with unease.
“Lock that door,” Laedron told Jurgen. “We don't want anyone coming in behind us.”
The priest slid the latch, and Laedron retrieved the strips of Marac's shirt from the floor. Coiling them into a ball, he pushed it toward Marac’s mouth. “Bite down on this. It's going to hurt, but only for a moment.”
The wounds sealed before his eyes as he cast the spell, the skin weaving together like stitchwork. Marac let out muffled screams, and Laedron saw his friend’s jaw clench tight on the gag.
Laedron flicked the wand and muttered a phrase at Marac's wrists and then his feet. The ropes snapped with a wisp of smoke, and Jurgen stepped forward to catch Marac's limp body in his arms.
“One more thing left to do.” Laedron cast another spell. Pale green light flooded the room, and Marac was engulfed by the energy. When Laedron finished, Marac stood under his own power.
“Can you walk?” Laedron asked, placing his hand on Marac's shoulder.
“I think so.”
“Good. Jurgen, return to the inn with him and get Brice ready for travel. I shall meet you there.”
“You can't do this alone,” Marac said with desperation in his voice. “Get me a sword, and I shall accompany you. We'll take him on together.”
“We can't risk it.” Laedron removed his robe and put it over Marac's head. “No one else is going to die here. I'll make sure of that.”
“No, Lae,” Marac said. “You can't do this by yourself. You can't!”
“Take him,” Laedron said, ignoring Marac's pleas. “Gather horses and a coach, and we shall leave when I'm done with Gustav. We'll make haste back to Sorbia.” Jurgen bowed his head, and Laedron added, “Be ready for my return. We may not have much time to escape.”
Jurgen led the way out the door and through the hallway. At the passage to the antechamber, Laedron stood and watched them leave before turning to his right. His pulse racing, he crept toward the door at the end of the tunnel, then reached for the handle and took deep breaths to steel himself for what lay beyond.



Chapter Seventeen
A Melange of Magic


Laedron turned the knob and gave the door a sturdy shove, causing it to swing wide. He stepped through, glimpsing the master craftsmanship of the stonework and the perfection of the artwork which adorned it. The vaulted ceiling rose higher than Laedron would have thought the mountain could contain. Proceeding farther into the room, his heart beat even faster.
“Ah, you're here,” an all-too-familiar voice said when he reached an enclave. The priest sat in a decadent throne before an oversized desk inscribing a scroll. “Let me take a look at you, then.”
When Laedron saw the man’s face, he held his wand at the ready. 
Without an altered expression, the priest said, “This is all Meklan Draive could find to pit against me? What a shame.”
Laedron's thoughts transformed from vengeance upon this priest to confusion. 
His expression must have betrayed his thoughts because Gustav asked, “Surprised? Like your Shimmering Dawn, we have informants of our own. What, you didn't think we'd find out about you?”
“Enough of your petty talk.” Raising his wand, Laedron took a defensive stance. “It would appear that I have you at a disadvantage; your staff is twenty feet away.”
“What, that old stick?” Gustav laughed. “I am more resourceful than that. Heidrik? Care to deal with this irritation?”
From behind a nearby column, a man stepped out wearing black leather armor and carrying a coiled whip at this side. When the man had come closer, Laedron thought he could see the stains of blood at the tip.
“Yes, my lord,” Heidrik said, a sinister smile creeping across his face. “My whip has a taste for Sorbian blood of late.”
In a flash, Heidrik drew the whip and cast it. Laedron felt a stinging on his face when he heard the whip crack, and blood ran down his left cheek. Thinking of Mikal being lashed to death and the torture Marac had endured, Laedron thrust out his wand and shouted his spell. Across the room shot a ray of red and orange flames, enveloping Heidrik in an inferno. Laedron maintained the spell until the man's skin turned to ash, and a charred, black corpse crumpled to the floor. He kept his expression serious even though the sight disgusted him.
“Fine, have it your way,” Gustav said, unbuttoning his sleeves. “If you want a mage's duel, you shall have one.”
As Laedron shouted another incantation and thrust his wand, Gustav produced a scepter and did the same. Laedron’s bolt erupted across the space between them with a flash of light but was absorbed by an invisible barrier in front of the priest. Casting another spell, Laedron watched it deflect into a nearby tapestry, setting it aflame.
Gustav laughed and approached, seemingly undaunted by Laedron's magic. Laedron flung spell after spell, a spectacle of energy and light, but nothing penetrated Gustav's shield. Over the course of his casting, Laedron had backed up to a stairwell on the opposite side of the room.
“My turn?” Gustav asked, his arrogance dripping from the words. With a swish of his rod and the utterance of a phrase, a sparkling blast of energy erupted from the tip and struck Laedron in the shoulder.
Zyvdredi! Laedron thought, but the pain took his mind off everything except his burning flesh. With a shriek, he ascended the stairs. Halfway to the top, he turned and cast again, a fibrous spider web appearing in the passage. He continued up as flames from Gustav's rod burned through the tangles.
Once on the landing, he turned to back to see Gustav approaching at a steady pace, his proud smile remaining on his face. “Can we hasten this? I have a ceremony to perform.”
The ceremony, of course! Laedron thought, turning to his left. Running down the passage, Laedron ducked the lightning strikes above his head. At the end of the hall, he pulled on the heavy door, but it was locked. Spinning around, he saw Gustav coming through the tunnel. Focus! he told himself when Gustav manifested his next spell. He considered conjuring a dispelling field, but he didn’t want to take the chance at being wrong; Gustav was clearly a studied mage, superior in his skill of magic to Laedron in every way. Just as he released the lightning bolt, Laedron jumped to the side, leaving it to slam into the door.
The door splintered into the room beyond. Laedron ran through the opening to see the congregation screaming and fleeing for their lives. He stared at the ceiling, where the massive chandelier hung above the altar, focusing upon it until Gustav came through the door.
“Now, you've gone and done it,” Gustav sneered. “This will take some time to fix, boy!”
Not wanting to give Gustav a chance to cast another spell, Laedron flicked his wand above his head and chanted. Both of them grew silent, then Gustav smiled, seeming to recognize the spell Laedron had cast. He shook his head. “This is no time for rope tricks, fool!”
Gustav took several steps toward Laedron and extended the rod. “Nowhere left to run, you pathetic little whelp. If you should see Ismerelda in the hells, tell her I sent you there to meet her!”
Laedron’s breathing hastened, and he shied away when Gustav chanted his spell. Flames encircled the priest, and a fireball manifested at the tip of his rod. Just as the fire leapt through the air, the massive fixture crashed down upon him, and crystal shards and scraps of metal exploded through the air. Laedron watched Gustav’s body fall, crushed beneath the twisted wreck of iron and glass. 
Across the floor skipped Gustav's rod, coming to rest at Laedron's feet, the swirling flames dissipating. Laedron breathed a sigh of relief and looked at the frayed ends of the rope at the top of the chandelier. Thank the Creator they finally broke, he thought. He reached to pick up the scepter and recognized the gold and silver twisted together into a spiral, the prongs at the top retaining a ruby. 
“Ismerelda's scepter,” he whispered in awe, taking it in his hands.
Laedron didn't know how to feel. His heart was filled with gladness that Gustav was dead, but it wasn't enough to ease the grievous emotions of Ismerelda's death. It wasn't enough that her killer lay dead before him, and it didn't give him any peace from Mikal's slaying. Happiness intermingled with sadness, and a sense of achievement was overshadowed with a feeling of loss.
“Halt, mage!” a man shouted from below the altar. Laedron turned to see the man’s spear held a few feet away. “He's killed the deacon!”
“And I shall take care of you, also.” Laedron whipped his wand about. When he finished the spell, the guard's spear split in two, from the point to the butt. Dropping the two halves, the man gasped and took flight.
Laedron proceeded down the center aisle of the room while the parishioners fought with one another to escape. After he exited the cathedral, he spied a row of soldiers marching in unison along the road toward him, their spears outstretched.
Laedron took his stance, and raising the rod to the sky, he shouted a spell in Zyvdredi, careless of anyone hearing his dark words. Lightning struck the cobblestones in the street, and a gust of wind swept through his clothes. The torrent of air grew stronger, and the loose stones from the road took flight and pelted the oncoming soldiers.
At first, the pelting of stones seemed only enough to irritate the spearmen, but the air current strengthened until the stones flew hard enough to break bones and crack skulls. The storm was then in full swing, the sky dark and thunder roaring all around them.
The remaining spearmen retreated as their numbers quickly diminished. Laedron had killed ten of them without so much as a drop of blood upon their weapons. Averting his eyes from the carnage, he walked through the strewn bodies, some missing limbs or even the head.
Before he reached the curve in the road, he looked back at the cathedral. His magic had broken one of the great columns, and a large crack ran the entire length of another. Turning to continue to the inn, he sprang back when an arrow struck the ground near his feet. Watching it skip harmlessly to the side, he locked his gaze upon the city wall, which had a lone turret with arrow slits carved into its perimeter.
With an utterance and a wave of the scepter, Laedron manifested a ball of fire in his hands. He thrust his rod forward, and the tower was swallowed in fire. When the flames broke through the wood and shingles of the roof, the structure exploded, raining stone and burning fragments of timbers on the nearby buildings. The silhouettes of archers ablaze fell to the ground below the wall.
Unopposed, he continued through the streets, the rest of the defenders and citizens he encountered apparently unwilling to confront him. When he turned the corner in front of the inn, he saw Jurgen and Marac seated on the bench atop a covered wagon.
“Come on!” Marac said, reaching down to him. “We must flee before the army is summoned!”
Climbing onto the wagon, Laedron said, “Too late,” when he spotted a column of troops approaching from the easterly road. “Drive!” he shouted, preparing a spell.
The troops stopped and raised their shields, and from behind the soldiers a hail of arrows flew toward the wagon. Just as Laedron finished the incantation, the arrows struck the barrier of energy his spell had created around them and bounced off. He twitched as the arrows beat down upon them, his skin itching as if from a pinprick each time a missile landed.
Jurgen slapped the reins, and they took off to the north. Once he could no longer see the troops, Laedron released the spell and perched on the bench. “Drive them harder!”
Around the northern gatehouse and the wall, troops patrolled in a leisurely fashion. “They must not know yet,” Laedron said, bringing his rod to the ready. “The gate's still open. Faster!”
Jurgen drove the horses along the edge of the cliff, which narrowed to mere feet when it reached the gatehouse. The guards raised their hands and shouted, “Slow! Halt!”
Laedron nudged Jurgen. “Go, before they have a chance to close the gates!” 
The guard nearest them yelled toward the gatehouse, and the portcullis started to close. Laedron gauged the distance and compared their speed against that of the closing barrier. “No matter what happens, keep going!”
He waved his rod through the air, and through the squares of the portcullis, a spell shot, slowing the gate’s descent. A hail of arrows whizzed past them. He continued to concentrate, and the portcullis froze in midair. Laedron was filled with anguish, the burden of the steel bars weighing on his raw will. When the coach passed the threshold, he relaxed and released the spell, allowing the gate to crash down behind them.
With arrows raining down upon them, Laedron flicked the rod back and forth, uttering minor spells to deflect as many as he could. The road curved between a jutting rock and the cliff face, and one of the lead horses could go no farther, having taken at least five direct hits during the escape.
The horse’s barding broke when it ran to the right. The wagon sprang through the air as if it had run over the body, but Laedron could see the horse had survived and gotten free. With the force of the break, the wagon steered left toward the cliff’s edge. The remaining horses kicked their hooves in an effort to stop, but the weight of the coach and the gathered momentum made it impossible with the sudden change of direction. Thinking fast, Laedron cast a spell at the bolt holding the horses to the wagon, releasing them before they plunged over the ridge. He smiled with relief before turning to stare at the sea below as their coach fell. 
“Hold on to me!” Laedron shouted to Marac and Jurgen as he reached for Brice. He waved the scepter and chanted with Jurgen holding onto his right leg, Marac on his left, and Brice grasping his free hand. 
“Kick the coach away from us!” Laedron shouted, his injured arm cracking and bleeding under Brice's weight.
Marac counted to three, and he and Jurgen pushed against the carriage with deep, anguished groans. The coach slowly separated from them, falling faster than their bodies. The wagon fell into the sea, and the echoes from the crash resounded on the rock faces.
Laedron concentrated, his face burning and the veins in his neck and head tensing. They landed in the sea with a splash, scattering in the waves. Sinking, Laedron maintained a death grip on Brice's hand and Ismerelda's rod, and he felt the hands release from his legs.
Popping his head above the water, he saw Brice come up next to him. “Are you well?”
Brice nodded as he gasped for air. “Yeah!”
“Marac?” Laedron spun in the water. “Jurgen! Marac!”
A few moments later, Marac appeared on the surface, followed shortly thereafter by Jurgen. They each sucked in air and opened their eyes. “What do we do now?” Marac asked, swimming and pulling Jurgen behind him.
Just as he finished speaking, a wave crashed over them, slamming their bodies into the rock. Laedron watched while his friends tried in vain to hold themselves away from the jagged cliff face, but the crushing power of the sea was too great.
“We can't stay here!” Laedron searched across the water for an escape. “There! That sandbank!”
“It's too far,” Brice said, obviously in pain, and blood poured from a cut on his head.
“We won't last much longer here!” Marac swam away from the base of the cliff. “Get a move on, thimble!”
Laedron helped Brice along, but the going was slow. Each wave that crashed into them seemed to put them back half the distance they had struggled to swim up to that point, but they kept fighting.
“Almost there!” Laedron shouted, the beach inching closer. “We can make it!”
“I can go no further.” Jurgen struggled to keep his head above the waves. “Just let me rest a while.”
“The tide will take you,” Marac said, pulling Jurgen beside him. “Keep pushing, only a bit further to go! Swim!”



Chapter Eighteen
At the Bottom of the World


Almost an hour later, they dragged themselves onto the sand bar beneath the rocky face. Laedron sat with his head down, taking deep breaths and thanking the Creator for their lives. The others lay nearby without a word until Laedron rose to his knees. 
Drenched with seawater and covered from head to toe with sand, Laedron laughed, shaking his head. 
Marac, still lying on his belly, turned to face him. “What could you possibly be laughing about at a time like this?”
Laedron wiped his face and spit sand grains from his mouth. “What else can I do?”
“Laughing's hardly what I had in mind,” Marac said, sliding his body around to a seated position.
Looking at Marac, Laedron smiled. “Is this the kind of adventure you were talking about back in Reven’s Landing?”
Marac let out a grin of his own. “That's about the size of it. No one told me this adventure bit could make you so tired, though.”
“I'm beyond tired,” Brice said, his face in the sand. “I never want to get up again.”
“Oh, quit complaining.” Marac swatted some sand at him. “You're always whining about something.”
“Whining?” Brice sat up. “We just fell from the top of a cliff and swam across the sea. I'm worn out!”
“Calm yourself. I'm kidding,” Marac said, then turned to Jurgen. “You well?”
“Uh-huh,” he muttered. His priestly garb was tattered and torn, a grim shadow of how vibrant it once had been.
“We had better make camp for the night,” Laedron said, dusting off his clothes.
Marac asked, “What, here on the banks?”
“The beach curves around the cliffs. There may be a better spot deeper in the schism.” Laedron helped Brice and Jurgen to their feet.
Laedron led them along the sandbank, the cliffs towering above, and the path tightened the farther they walked away from the sea. Carefully stepping around a rock formation jutting up from the beach, Laedron saw the mouth of a cave. He pointed at it. “That's where we'll camp.”
Jurgen sighed. “So long as we don't have to walk anymore.”
“Marac, why don't you and Brice see if you can salvage some wood from those drifts? I can start a fire from it.”
Marac took Brice by the shirt, dragging him along before he could protest. Jurgen rested on a large rock at the face of the cave, and Laedron inspected the opening. “It's not very deep, and I don't see or hear anything within.” Marac and Brice returned and dropped some sticks and bits of wood in a pile near the cave mouth. 
Bending over, Laedron picked up some pieces and inspected them. “They're soaking wet.”
“I told you it was no use,” Brice said, shoving Marac.
Marac pushed him back, nearly knocking Brice into the water nearby. “Magical fire isn't affected by dampness. Tell him, Lae.”
Laedron nodded. “That's true, but it could take longer. I'll work on it.”
A warm breeze drifted through the sticks while Laedron repeated his spell. A glow of red dripped from the tip of the rod and swirled through the pile. Steam rose from the twigs, then was replaced by gray smoke and a tiny flame. The flame grew into a small fire, and Laedron released the spell.
“Place the logs over it,” he said, lowering the scepter. “It'll dry them out.”
Brice and Marac stacked the larger pieces of wood above it and sat on either side of Laedron. 
“I wish we had something to cook,” Brice said, rubbing his stomach.
“Sorry,” Marac said. “Looks like all our things went down with the coach. Good thing we put our swords on before leaving or they’d be at the bottom of the sea, too.”
“Perhaps Laedron has something up his sleeve?” Brice suggested, his eyes full of hope.
Laedron shook his head. “I can't summon food. Well, I could, but we'd get no sustenance from it.”
“Why not?”
“It doesn't work that way. If I made an apple and you ate it, it'd only last as long as I concentrated. Remember when you asked about summoning water in Cael’bril? It’s the same thing.”
“How am I alive, then?” Brice asked.
“What do you mean?” Laedron was baffled by the question.
“You brought me back, didn't you? That wasn't some temporary thing… Here I sit.”
Marac waved a hand through the air. “Wait a moment. What does he mean, 'brought me back'?”
“To life,” Jurgen said. “Unless our mage friend refuses to admit that fact now.”
Brice continued, taking a step toward Laedron. “I'm still here, aren't I?”
“Yes, how do you explain that?” Jurgen asked, folding his arms. “I shall greatly enjoy hearing this.”
“I can't,” Laedron said. “How can I explain something of which I know nothing about? Perhaps he wasn't fully dead.”
“Wasn't fully dead?” Jurgen asked. “We both saw him die on that bed. Don't deny it.”
“What would you suppose, then, priest? That I'm a divinity of some kind? Nonsense.”
“It's not nonsense,” Brice said. “Maybe you are Azura reborn.”
“If only you knew how silly your assumptions truly were.” Laedron shook his head. “I'm not Azura in any form. I'm just a mage; that's all.”
“Can other mages return people to life?” Jurgen asked.
Laedron firmed his tone. “I've never been told. My teacher was killed before I could find that out.”
“Then it could be true,” Jurgen replied.
Approaching Jurgen, Laedron threw his hands in the air. “Would Azura think of murdering a man in such a way as I almost did? I didn't think so, Priest.”
“It was our mission to kill Gustav, and it's in a time of war,” Marac said.
Laedron turned to Marac. “Not that. I nearly killed the coachman who carried us to Pilgrim's Rest. He betrayed us, and I went to exact my revenge upon him.”
“What?” Marac asked, his voice crackling with confusion.
“Yes. His treachery killed Mikal. It killed Brice, and it nearly killed you. I told him what would happen if he spoke of the magic he saw.”
“Creator...” Marac said. “That's not like you at all. What became of my friend?”
“Your friend grew up, and everything that he loves is being taken from him. His home, his family, his teacher, and his friends—one by one.”
“It doesn't have to be that way,” Marac said, placing his hand on Laedron's shoulder. “Don't become what you hate.”
“I wanted to make him pay.” Laedron drew his arms tight around his chest and stared into the flames. “The priest stayed my hand from the killing blow, but I wanted to see his blood drench the alley.” Laedron tried to relax his mind.
“The question remains unanswered,” Jurgen said, returning to Laedron’s side. “Brice died, yet he is alive now because of what you've done.”
“And I have these grays to show for it.” Laedron ran his fingers through his hair. “As I told you before, I'm not divine. I'm not Azura reincarnate.”
“Perhaps you're right,” Marac said, sitting beside Laedron. “But maybe it's something else.”
“I've considered the possibility,” Laedron said, rubbing his temple, “but it's unheard of. Any mage can thread skin back together, but to bring someone back to life? Only Azura has demonstrated permanent magic, and no one since has repeated that feat.”
“Azura wasn't a mage, though,” Jurgen said. “She was divine.”
“She was a sorceress.” Laedron gave Jurgen a cross look.
Jurgen shook his head. “What proof have you of that, might I ask?”
“You're right. I have none, no more than you have proof that she's the Creator in human form. I'll concede the point.”
“If what you say is true, Azura was a mage, and she could make permanent magic, perhaps you have the same gift,” Marac suggested. “Why couldn't it be true?”
“I don't know,” Laedron said. “Maybe it is. Either way, I have no idea how to make it happen, nor do I want to age any further. Meals are out of the question.”
Sighing, Brice leaned back in the sand. “We'll need to get out of this ravine, then, and soon.”
“For once in my life, I couldn't agree more,” Marac said, swatting Brice on the arm.
Laedron glanced at the walls on either side of him. “The best way is likely to be deeper into the crevice.”
“What, to the east?” Marac asked.
Laedron bowed his head. “We should try, at least. Anything is better than scaling a cliff with no equipment.”
“I can think of things worse than that,” Marac replied. “What about running into their army?”
“What army?” Jurgen seated himself opposite them.
“You know, the army. The Heraldan army,” Marac said.
Jurgen let out a chuckle. “They have no army, young man.”
“Then who did I fight back there?” Laedron pointed in the direction of Pilgrim's Rest.
“Those? They're militia. They exist only to protect the towns and neighboring countryside. The theocracy cannot afford to keep a standing army,” Jurgen explained. “They rely on the Heraldan nations to protect them. Only recently have they been able to put ships to sea.”
“No army? How do they expect to fight a war against Sorbia, then?” Marac asked.
“As I said, the other Heraldan nations bind together in times such as these, and they possess formidable armies and navies alike. Who would need to bother with the training and supply of men when you have others willing to die for your cause in your stead?”
“You say that as if you despise the practice,” Laedron said, scratching his chin.
“Despise it? You could say that. I loathe what my homeland has become: a manipulative charlatan bequesting others to die needlessly for reasons they'll never truly understand.”
“Then, you don't agree the mages should be killed?” Laedron asked. “You don't see them as a threat to the church?”
“Neither I nor most Heraldans feel that way. Our people obey the Grand Vicar because he is our leader, much in the same way the Falacorans or Sorbians follow their king. Besides, if I thought that, would I have helped you in the first place?”
Laedron shrugged. “I'd say probably not.” 
Jurgen stepped closer. “Probably not? I wouldn't have, but I did. I'd had enough with empty edicts and hollow deaths in the name of Azura. Priests were never meant to dictate the affairs of nations and war.”
“Then, we must go east.” Laedron clasped his hands across his lap.
“No, we must go west,” Jurgen said. “To the west lies Sorbia.”
“To the east lies Azura, the capital,” Laedron said, pointing to the narrowing of the canyon. “We go east.”
“That wasn't part of our deal,” Jurgen said, flailing his arms. “You promised me!”
Laedron pointed a finger at him. “I promised you, yes, but I think we shall alter our previous arrangement. Worry not; you shall have a church to call your own, priest.”
“In Heraldan lands? It will never last!” Jurgen face flushed red.
Laedron shook his head. “No, you shall be Grand Vicar.”
“He's mad,” Jurgen said, turning to the others. “Stark, raving mad! You'll take me with you to Sorbia like you said.”
“Calm yourself, priest.” Laedron lowered his head and gave Jurgen a stern glare. “Hear me out.”
Jurgen threw his hands up and went quiet. 
Laedron continued, “You said it yourself; the people don't care for this war. They're neither on one side or the other, they simply obey the Grand Vicar. If you held the office, you could end this yourself.”
“It's far too perilous to try. Tristan will never give up his position now; he's far too embedded to abdicate.”
“Who's to say he would have any choice?” Laedron asked.
Marac rubbed his forehead. “I can't believe what I'm hearing. No, we can't do this.”
“And why not?” Laedron asked, turning to Marac.
“Because,” Marac said, his breathing panicked, “it's not a part of our mission to kill him. We were told to return to Westmarch after Gustav's death.”
“We're here now in the theocracy, and we have a chance to end this, and to save countless lives in the process. How could you deny me?”
“It's far too dangerous,” Marac said.
“You said the same thing about Gustav.”
“This is different, though. You're talking about the Grand Vicar!”
“It's a chance we must take,” Laedron said. “To leave now and not stop him is to betray everything we know and love. You know I'm right.”
Marac covered his face with his hands. “They captured us once and tortured one of us to death, Lae. They'll kill us all if they catch us again, especially after Gustav's death.”
“You're right.” Laedron nodded. “When we get out of this fissure, you'll take Jurgen and Brice with you. I'll travel east on my own.”
Marac uncovered his eyes. “What?”
“It's too dangerous to take everyone. I'll go it alone.”
“You can't!” Marac rose to his feet. “To go into the lion's den by yourself? It's suicide!”
“Then you'll come with me?” Laedron grinned.
“Damned stubborn,” Marac said. “I've never met anyone—mage or not—so obstinate as you.”
“Then you clearly haven't spent any time around my mother.” Laedron let out a laugh. 
“I'm glad to see you two think it's a wonderful idea,” Jurgen said, glancing between them. “I'm still not convinced.”
“Just look at it this way,” Laedron said. “You'll be doing the world a favor by helping us rid it of these Drakars. One down, one to go.”
Jurgen pursed his lips and closed his eyes. “Very well, Laedron. We shall try our best.”
“Good, then it's settled.” Laedron looked past Jurgen when he heard a small splash. “What are you doing back there, Brice?”
Turning his head, Brice said, “Fishing.”
“Fishing?” Laedron rose to his feet and walked to the water's edge.
“Yeah, fishing. I'm about to starve to death.” 
“Could you—” Marac started.
“Not another word.” Brice pointed at Marac. “You're hungry, too, the lot of you, and I'll catch us a fish.”
“Can you even see a fish?” Laedron asked, glimpsing the waves.
“Right there,” Brice said, holding a branch of driftwood above the spot.
A fish flew out of the water, and it landed on the bank following Laedron’s spell. “Good eye.”
“I thought you said you couldn't do anything!” Brice tossed his spear into the water.
Laedron gave him a coy smile. “That was before you saw a fish. I didn't know there were blackfins in these waters.”
“Well, now you know.” With hunger in his eyes, Marac searched the water. “One won't feed us all, though. Look!”
As quick as Marac spotted the next, Laedron flicked his wrist and out came the fish. He caught two more in the same manner, and with the four fish in hand, Brice found a sharp bit of rock and prepared them for the fire.
“Too bad we don't have any seasoning,” Laedron said, his mind drifting to the redfish Ma had prepared so long ago.
Brice filleted them with haste, his breathing rapid. “Forget spices so long as it fills my belly!”
After cooking the meal, Brice passed a fillet to each of them. Though it possessed a strong fishy taste and little else, Laedron ate it happily, and while using a bone to pick at his teeth, he said, “Nice work.”
“It's nothing special,” Brice said, already finished with his meal.
“No, it's good for what you had to work with. Thanks.”
With a wink and a grin, Brice lay on his back and rolled onto his side. “Better get some sleep.”
Laedron removed his shirt and took great care in peeling away the bits around his shoulder wound. Marac's eyes widened when he saw the hole, the flesh around it burned black. “What happened to you?”
“Gustav,” he replied with a grunt, examining the injury himself. “I don't know what spell it was, but it burns like fire even still.”
“Can you repair it?” Marac asked.
Jurgen waved his hand. “Allow me, won't you?”
“What do you know of it, old man?” Laedron asked.
Jurgen knelt beside him. “We're instructed in the ways of healing by our order. You might call it magic, but it's actually an invocation of Azura's blessings.”
“Do you use wands?” Laedron asked, looking at his empty hands.
“We're gifted rings inscribed with sacred texts. They give us the power to do miracles if we isolate our minds in prayer.”
When Jurgen had finished speaking, Laedron glimpsed the large ring. If they use rings as a focus, why did Gustav use Ismerelda’s rod in battle? he thought.
“Give it a try, then. I'd like to see these 'miracles' of yours.”
Despite Laedron's prodding, Jurgen placed his hands over the wound and chanted a phrase in Heraldict. Though the burning sensation took on an excruciating fervor, it subsided when he finished. 
Laedron inspected the area; the wound, and any evidence of it, was gone from his skin. “Powerful magic. I'm unable to remove every last trace of an injury, but you seem to do so with ease.”
Jurgen returned to his feet. “As I told you, it's not magic. It's faith, young man.”
Though he knew what Jurgen said was contrary to everything he had been taught, Laedron bowed his head, unwilling to engage in further debate. He accepted Jurgen's explanation as sufficient, a nap being preferred over an argument.
Wringing out his shirt, Laedron looked at Marac. “Good night. We'll have our work cut out for us in the morning.”
Marac lay on his back and stared at the night sky while Jurgen made himself as comfortable as could be afforded. Laedron balled his shirt for a pillow and flattened the sand beneath him. Placing the shirt under his head, he shimmied onto his makeshift bed. It’s not much, but it’ll have to do. Any rest is better than none, he mused.
“We've come quite a long way, haven't we?” Marac asked. “Do you think we'll ever see home again?”
“One day,” Laedron said. “Not anytime soon, but one day I feel we shall.”
Marac clasped his hands behind his head. “I long to see Laren again.”
“Does this make you love my sister more, Marac?”
“What, the traveling?”
“That, yes, and everything else.”
Marac bobbed his head. “Yeah. When I was in the cathedral, they whipped us until we couldn’t take anymore. Then they whipped us some more. The only thing that kept me going was the thought you'd come along and get me out of there. And Laren, I thought of her, too. How much I missed her and Da, and the mill.”
“Tell me more of the dungeon.”
He closed his eyes. “No, Lae. I can't.”
“Please. I want to know what happened in there.”
“There's not much to tell. The man with the whip came and lashed him to death.”
“Tall fellow, black leathers?”
Marac gulped. “Yeah, that's the one.”
“He won't be torturing anyone else anytime soon, not unless Syril has whips in the hells.”
“Good.” He crossed his arms at his stomach as if feeling the nausea from each slice of his skin. “It was terrible, Lae.”
“Go on.”
“They hung us there and asked us questions to no end. No matter what we said, we were lashed. Then again. I can still hear the crack of the whip in my ears, the ringing after the sudden snap. They laughed as we bled out. How can you laugh as someone's dying there in front of you?”
“Evil men shed tears for no one,” Laedron said.
“Perhaps you're right. They kept beating him when he refused to answer. I think he couldn't speak through the pain, even to give a lie. They whipped him until he stopped moving, and they lashed him some more to make sure he was dead.”
His stomach churned while Marac continued. “I begged them to stop. I pleaded with them not to kill him, but they only laughed louder. It wasn't until they were too tired to whip us anymore that they stopped, and I could tell Mikal was long gone by then.”
“May he rest in peace.”
“I held on to whatever I could,” Marac said. “Thoughts of your rescuing me, the mill, Da, and Laren. I think I love her more now than I ever did before.”
“I wish I'd found love before this,” Laedron said. “I may now never find it.”
“It makes it easier sometimes, but it makes things harder, too, you know?” Marac said. “It's hard to explain.”
“I think I know what you mean. I think they call that 'grounding.'”
Marac shrugged. “Maybe so. Does that mean I'm growing up?”
“It may very well. You would do best to be careful with that sort of thing.”
With his lips curving at either end, Marac said, “We can't have that, now can we? What will people think?”
Laedron laughed quietly to keep from waking the others. “Good night, Marac Reven.”
“Good night, friend.”



Chapter Nineteen
The City of Azura


Laedron awoke with his mouth filled partly with sand and a dryness he'd never experienced. He spit out the sand and dusted his face. Opening his eyes, he saw Marac sitting by the smoldering ashes of the campfire, holding Ismerelda's scepter.
“A lovely thing, is it not?” Marac asked, his eyes finding Laedron's.
Laedron was filled with uneasiness; he wanted to snatch the rod away from Marac. He doesn't know what to do with it, anyway, he reasoned. Watching Marac's fingers trace the shiny metals from the pommel to the gem, Laedron thought for a moment it might help Marac relate somewhat to magic.
Marac tossed the rod to Laedron, then covered the cinders of the fire with sand and water while saying, “The cliff awaits us, gentlemen.”
“Looks like I slept late,” Laedron said.
“Not by much,” Brice said, rubbing his back. “The ground's hardly a suitable replacement for a bed.”
“I'll fix it,” Laedron said, raising the rod.
“No, that's quite all right.” Brice waved his hand. “Motion is the salve of stiff muscles; it'll come out on its own.”
“Then at least let me cleanse our garbs as best I can. We can't travel with sand in our britches.”
“You can do that? Clean clothes?” Marac raised an eyebrow.
Laedron smiled and cast a spell. The specks of dirt and sand on their clothes floated away on the breeze. Once he was finished, he walked along the beach, leading the way to the east. Several hours after they had begun, their feet left the sandbank in favor of rock as the crevice narrowed. Black cliffs of jagged rock extended high above them in every direction, a foreboding presence that seemed to taunt them at their approach.
“A treacherous climb,” Laedron said, looking ahead to the erose stone of the cliff's face. “Be careful not to slip.”
They climbed for what seemed like hours, each handhold coming at the cost of minutes in some cases. Laedron quickly realized the only thing to their benefit was the series of clean breaks in the rock he found along the way.
“It's almost as if someone shaped these rocks,” Laedron said.
“What do you mean?” Marac asked with a grunt.
Laedron stared up at the remainder of the cliff and spotted an easier path zigzagging its way to the top. “There’s a pattern to these rocks. The route up is deliberately simpler.”
“Simpler?” Brice asked. “I'd hardly call this easy!”
“We're almost to the top,” Laedron said. “Keep it going, slow and steady.”
Cresting the ridge, Laedron dragged himself over the top, then leaned over and reached for Marac. Once he'd pulled Marac up, they both grabbed Brice's hands and then Jurgen's to help them. Afterward, each of them collapsed in the dirt and patches of vegetation.
“It took us almost a full day to get back to the top?” Marac asked, glimpsing the setting sun.
“It was hardly a pleasure walk,” Laedron said with a nod. “Would've taken longer if we hadn't had the handholds.”
“You can say that again.” Brice moved to a seated position and rested his arms on his knees. “My mouth is dry as the desert.”
“You mean you didn't get a drink from the tavern at the bottom before we left?” Marac asked.
“Very funny,” Brice said with a scornful glare.
“We can't linger out here on the plains all day.” Laedron looked at Jurgen. “Where can we go from here?”
“Not anywhere nearby,” he said, shaking his head. “Any place close to Pilgrim's Rest will have heard the news of your attack by now.”
Laedron shrugged. “Then where?”
“Perhaps we should contact your order. Maybe they will shelter us.”
“No,” Laedron said, rolling his eyes. “We're not returning to Westmarch right now. It's thousands of miles away from here, and we're headed east, not west.”
“Then they never told you? Perhaps I was right; you must be expendable after all.”
“Told us what?” Marac asked.
Jurgen smiled. “The Shimmering Dawn isn't confined to Sorbia. They exist in other parts of the world, though they're quite secretive in some places.”
“The Dawn Knights have a stronghold in the theocracy?” Laedron asked. “No, we were never told of these things.”
“I wouldn't call it a stronghold, really,” Jurgen said. “More of a safe house than anything else. In the theocracy, they're akin to outcasts and miscreants, foreigners in our midst who try to disrupt our teachings and the peace of society.”
“Do you know where they hide themselves?” Laedron asked.
Jurgen shook his head. “I know the city, but not the place itself. I was never privy to that information.”
“What city, then?” Marac asked.
“The capital, of course. Azura.”
“Wait, I think I may have an idea.” Laedron rubbed his temple. “Victor mentioned something to me the day we left. Something about a golden chalice. He said it overflows.”
Scratching his chin, Jurgen said, “He may be referring to the golden chalice on the south side. It's a fountain that was constructed there prior to the area becoming a slum of sorts.”
“A fountain made of gold?” Brice asked, his eyes widening.
“Hardly,” Jurgen said. “If it had been crafted of gold, the locals would have chipped and cut it to pieces by now. No, it's painted that way, and quite convincingly.”
“That must be it,” Laedron said. “Can you take us there?”
“Yes, but it will take some time. We won't be able to travel the open roads; that's for sure.”
“How far is it?” Brice asked.
“We could be there by midday tomorrow through the wilderness,” Jurgen said. “It lies about thirty miles from this spot.”
“Let's get moving, then,” Laedron urged. “No wasting time.”
“Oh, can't we camp for the night?” Brice asked. “I'm hurting all over.”
“I'll use a rejuvenation spell to refresh us. You'll feel right as rain.”

* * *

Walking through the night and the next morning, they came to the edge of the forest below a bluff. Ahead lay the city of Azura, and above the turrets and thick walls fluttered gold and silver banners. The chimneys billowed with smoke, and the roar of voices could be heard on the wind. The Heraldan Channel wound through the surrounding countryside with ships sailing slowly along the lanes in either direction. Beyond the city to the east lay the Sea of Pillars, and Laedron could barely make out the glints of light topping the rocky formations. Those must be the spikes summoned by Azura to kill the defilers, he thought, remembering the story Ismerelda had told him.
“I've always dreamed of this place,” Marac said, standing beside Laedron. “As Heraldans, we were taught from a very young age of the holiness of this place. Just think of it, we're standing in a place where Azura herself might have stood, where she and Tristan may have walked and talked in their time.”
“And Azuroth to the east,” Laedron said. “That's one place I'd really like to see.”
“You can't,” Jurgen said, moving to stand beside them. Brice sat in the grass, taking off his boots and rubbing his feet.
“And why not?” Laedron asked, turning to him. “I could conceal my identity.”
“It's not that, young man. They only allow priests these days, by order of Tristan IV, and they check more closely than by the clothes you wear.”
“Then we could hire a captain willing to take us,” Laedron said.
“You really know nothing of Azuroth,” Jurgen said. “The Sea of Pillars is a treacherous place for ship. The only ones who may successfully navigate the waters are the Arcanists.”
“Could you explain why that is?”
“Allow me,” Marac said, pushing past the priest. “I know a little history myself.”
Laedron said, “Very well, if you think you're able.”
“A long time ago, well after Azura returned from the mound, the Grand Vicar of the time... Oh, what's his name?”
“Petrius,” Jurgen supplied in a whisper.
“Thank you, yes. Petrius commanded the Arcanists to find a way through the sea. The pillars are of varying heights, and if you take the wrong route, they'll tear the bottom out of your boat.”
“So, they found a route? Surely someone else has found it out by now,” Laedron said. “They can't be the only ones clever enough to draw a map.”
“It's a closely guarded secret. They have these glyphs on the stones, and they teach the members of their order how to read them,” Marac said. “No paper maps, no written record of the glyphs. If all the Arcanists were to die tomorrow, the secret would die with them.”
“It seems rather elaborate.” Laedron put his hands on his hips. “Why would they care who travels to the holy sites?”
“To protect them, of course. Allowing everyone to travel there without regulation would be dangerous for the priests and monuments,” Jurgen said.
Laedron made no effort to hide his contempt. “Everyone should have access to these holy places. The church has no right to withhold it from the rest of the world.”
“Under normal circumstances, they would allow anyone, so long as they aren't of the seedy sort,” Jurgen said. “In times of war, though, it is highly restricted.”
“We have other matters at hand, anyway,” Laedron said. “What about getting into the city?”
“As a vicar, I am knowledgeable of certain routes in and out without using the gates,” Jurgen said. “To the east of here lies a tunnel opening between the forest and the antechambers of the Vicariate.”
“The Vicariate… The vicar's palace?” Laedron asked.
“Only part of it is the residence of the Grand Vicar. The passage goes beneath the consulship, but past that is an exit into the city.”
“Where does that come out?” Laedron asked.
“I don't know. I've never been through it before.”
“It's a chance we'll have to take, then,” Laedron said. “Anything is better than appearing inside the church's central headquarters.”
Laedron helped Brice to his feet, and they prepared to leave. Jurgen led them through the thrushes and into the wood. Following a brief walk, they ducked behind a boulder, and Jurgen peeked over it.
“There it is.” He removed his priestly ring and displayed it to them. “This is the key.”
“Any guards?” Marac asked.
“None that I can see,” Jurgen said. “Looks clear.”
“They'd leave a tunnel into the city unguarded?” Laedron asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Few know of them, and it requires the signet ring of a vicar, or one of the council, to enter. Only twenty such rings exist, and I possess one of five outside the walls.” Jurgen walked toward the door and placed the ring into a slot along the facade, turning the protruding stone in which the ring sat. With a sigh and a breath of wind from the tunnel, the door opened. Replacing the band on his finger, he entered. 
Laedron and the others followed. Laedron's rod glowed in the darkness while he concentrated, emitting just enough light for him to see the way.
The space between the walls was tight, forcing them to walk single file, and Laedron felt like they’d walked for over an hour. “No one comes down here,” Jurgen said, brushing cobwebs from his path. “Too confined for anything but an escape.”
“Looks like it's been months.” Laedron swatted a spider web off his face.
“I know it's been at least three years since I've heard of anyone traveling it,” Jurgen said.
The passage opened to a room with a ladder in the center, and Laedron breathed a sigh of relief. His muscles ached from the climb on the cliffs, the long journey to the city, and the miles of tunnel they had passed. I don’t know if I even have a spell that could reinvigorate me after this, he mused.
“The consulship is above this room.” Pointing to a hatch in the ceiling, Jurgen walked to a tunnel mouth across the space. “We won’t be going in there. This way.”
Once through the next tunnel, Jurgen slowly opened a heavy wooden door, and they followed him into what appeared to be a cellar. The racks of barrels ran the length of the room, and the smell of whiskey and ale flooded their nostrils. At other end of the storeroom, Jurgen led them to a set of wooden stairs.
Ascending the stairs, they were careful not to make noise, but the boards creaked with each of their footsteps. Once at the top, Jurgen opened the door, and the music and merriment of the tavern blasted in their ears. 
“Might want to hide those,” Jurgen said, pointing at Laedron's wand and scepter.
With a nod, Laedron stuffed them into his backpack before entering the tap house. He did his best to blend with the crowd while following Jurgen to the door, keeping his head down and never making eye contact with the patrons.
When they entered the street, Jurgen led them to the right toward a boulevard, then took a left down a side street. “There's an inn this way, and the proprietor was a member of my flock until recently.”
Following a brisk walk, they entered the inn, and Jurgen tugged the bell rope above the counter. From the back emerged an older man with a peppered beard to match his hair. 
“Jurgen? Is that you?”
“It is, my friend.” He took the man’s hand. 
“My word, Jurgen! Your robes, they're quite tattered. Are you well?”
“Yes, a bit of a mishap on the road. We had to walk the rest of the way.”
“What brings you to my humble inn?”
“I thought I might visit you since you've moved to Azura.”
“Couldn't stand to be apart from my dear Valyrie,” the innkeeper said. “I'd trade all the wealth in the world to keep her safe.”
“How does she fare of late? Attending the university, is she not?”
Bobbing his head, the man adjusted his spectacles. “Aye, that she is. Says she's finally found her calling in the world.”
“What is it this time?” Jurgen leaned across the near side of the counter, resting his arms on it. “Still on the path of a seneschal?”
“No,” the man said with a frown crossing his lips.
“Well, what is it?”
“A lyrist.” Shame tainted his words.
Jurgen grinned. “That's not so bad. At least she has no plans to be a street sweeper.”
“But a lyrist? Akin to the common scribe taking inventories in a shop.” He let out a huff at the end.
“Some of the greatest vicars have been nothing more than lyrists,” Jurgen said. “Writing at length requires a skilled hand, after all, and we wouldn't have the rich holy texts otherwise.”
“Perhaps you're right.” The man tugged at his beard. “Will you be staying long in the city?”
“That's one thing I thought you might help me with,” Jurgen said, clasping his hands. “We haven't the money to pay for a room, but we should be able to reimburse you later if you would have us.”
Laedron walked to Jurgen’s side and offered a handful of coin to the innkeeper. “I have the gold to pay for it.”
“I'll hear nothing of it! Have the adjoining suites.” The man handed Jurgen two keys. “Business has been good of late, thanks in no small part to your referrals, I'm sure. Besides, not many pass this way who can afford such lodgings; they remain empty most of the year.”
“Then, I thank you, Pembry,” Jurgen said, accepting the keys with a smile. “I'll revisit you so we can recount our days properly after we're situated.”
“I'll have the pipes and wine ready for you,” Pembry said with a gentle nudge.
“I look forward to it,” Jurgen replied with a grin before leading them upstairs. Unlocking the door, he handed Laedron the other key. Once inside the room, Laedron slipped his bag under the bed and, leaning over, scooted it farther. Brice collapsed into one of the beds with a heavy sigh.
“It's good that you've resolved to waste the afternoon with a friend of yours,” he said as he stood. “We're on important business here, if you don't recall.”
Jurgen closed the door behind them. “You should always make friends with an innkeeper each place you go. You never know when you might need a room for a night, and the streets are hardly a safe place to reside.”
“Fine, but we're still no closer to the goal. What are your thoughts as far as taking down Tristan?”
“Patience,” Jurgen said, resting on an armchair. “Open confrontation won't win the day, not in his home territory.”
“What, then?” Marac asked, his hands on his hips.
“To remove a Grand Vicar, you must remove the supports from beneath him,” Jurgen said. “We must persuade the consulship to replace him.”
“Or I can sneak into his palace and rid the world of him while he sleeps,” Laedron said. “A much simpler plan.”
“You think too highly of yourself, young man, for the palace is thick with guards and priests. It'll be nothing like Pilgrim's Rest. You enjoyed some measure of surprise there.”
“He knew I was coming,” Laedron said. “Well, not me, so to speak; he knew the Dawn Knights had dispatched someone against him.”
“Then, we must be even more cautious in our efforts. They'll be watching for anything out of the ordinary.”
“Indeed,” Laedron said. “How do you intend to convince the consulship, then?”
“I'll need to get in there and get a feel for things. With Tristan present, that could be difficult to accomplish, but I shall try. I was the most favored before the Drakars came, so I still have a little clout with them.”
Laedron bowed his head. “Then meet with your friend and enjoy yourself this day, for we have work to do tomorrow.”
Jurgen exited the room, closing the door behind him. 
“What are we supposed to do?” Marac asked.
“We need to find some new clothes,” Laedron said, running his fingers down his torn and soiled garments.
“But where?” Brice asked, sitting up on the mattress. “I know nothing of this city.”
“The innkeeper will likely know.” Laedron produced the handful of gold coins. “This ought to be enough.”
Marac nodded. “Better see if the innkeeper can change it to coppers, then.”
“Why?” Laedron asked.
“Something tells me the people in this section of town aren't used to seeing gold coins.” 
“Good point.”
Opening the door, Marac said, “Come along.”
Reaching the bottom floor of the inn, Laedron saw that Jurgen and Pembry were already thick in their drinks and pipes. 
“Could we get a little change?” Laedron asked, placing his hands on the counter.
“Certainly!” Pembry said, still laughing from his previous conversation. Laedron placed four gold coins on the counter and received four hundred coppers in return, each one counted meticulously by Pembry with his squinty eyes.
The door opened behind them with the ringing of a bell, and Laedron looked over his shoulder. Into the room stepped a girl of about eighteen, slender in build with straight, black hair brushing her shoulders as she walked. He figured her clothes were a sort of uniform, embroidered with emblems he had never seen. The garments reminded him somewhat of those worn by the academy mages of Morcaine, but they obviously weren’t sorcery robes. With her arms filled with a stack of books, she shied away from Laedron and the others, seeming content to go behind the counter without saying a word.
“Ready, Lae?” Marac asked holding the door. “Shops are likely to be closing soon.”
Handing the coins over to Marac, Laedron said, “No, go on ahead.” He leaned to try and catch a glimpse of the girl in the back room, stricken by what beauty he had seen and intrigued at the thickness of the books she had been holding.
“You sure?” Marac asked.
With his palms sweaty and his skin clammy, Laedron said, “Yes, I'm sure. Go on.”
“We'll get you something while we're out, then,” Marac said, a grin creeping across his face. “Good luck.”
“Luck with what?”
Patting Laedron on the arm and dipping his head, Marac said, “Good luck. You know what.”
“What? No... I just want to see what those books are...” Laedron said, trying to hide his true interest.
“I've made some flat cakes if you care for any,” Pembry called out, sitting in his chair again.
“No, thank you, Da,” a voice replied, muffled but still sweet to Laedron's ear.
“What are you doing lingering about?” Jurgen asked Laedron.
“I've sent them after some fresh clothes,” Laedron said, rubbing his hands together. “I was wondering if you wouldn't mind my joining you?”
“Why not?” Pembry asked. “Perhaps we could have a younger man's viewpoint on our dilemma.”
“Dilemma?” Walking around the counter, Laedron took a seat and a clay jar from Pembry when it was offered, the sweet scent of wine wafting from it.
“Jurgen here says the war's a farce and a useless waste of life,” Pembry said. “Me, on the other hand, I think it's necessary.”
“How could a war be necessary?” Laedron asked, still trying to spy on the back room. “The stakes are purely political and religious.”
“Glad you asked, my boy.” Pembry slapped Laedron on the knee. Though it was forceful enough to leave a sting, Laedron didn't think it was Pembry's intention to harm him. It seemed the wine was getting to him. “Every few years, we need a war like this. Thins out the bad blood, you see? Only the best remain.”
“Yes, but my point is that there's little guarantee, Pembry,” Jurgen said. “What if enough of the bad blood gets lucky and survives, leaving the best on the field?”
“Then we had it coming,” Pembry said.
Jurgen prodded Pembry in the arm. “War should be prevented at all costs and only fought for the right reasons, lest the good men end up doing evils upon one another.”
“I'll have to agree with Jurgen on that one, sir,” Laedron said. “Who was that girl?”
“Which...?” asked Pembry as if someone whom he hadn't seen had entered the inn. “Oh, my daughter, you must mean. Valyrie.”
“Yes, Da?”
“Oh, nothing, my dear. A fellow here asked who you were,” Pembry said, taking a plentiful swig from his jug. Just as much wine stained his beard as went into his mouth.
She came to the doorway but paused before entering the room. Laedron couldn't tell if she was put off by his staring or a feeling she had upon seeing him. 
She walked over and put her hand on her father's shoulder. “I can barely hear you back there.”
“Ah, I was just saying, this fellow here had asked who you were,” he said, putting his hand on hers. “What'd you say your name was, young man?”
“I didn't.” Laedron stood to face her. “Laedron Telpist.”
“Not from around here, are you?” she asked.
“No,” Laedron said. 
Pembry said, “Cael'brillan. A midlander.”
“Really?” she asked, her eyes wide with wonder.
Laedron nodded. “From the west.” Torn between telling the truth and maintaining his secrecy, he finally settled on a half-truth.
“I know where it is,” she said with a laugh. “Come, tell me about it, and leave these men to their idle ponderings of the world and its politics.”
“You'd be good to study politics yourself, girl,” Pembry said. “Giving up being a seneschal over becoming a lyrist, craziest thing I've ever heard.”
Ignoring him, Valyrie led Laedron out the side door to a covered patio with chairs and tables running its length. He followed her to a table surrounded by walls on three sides. “You'll have to forgive my father,” she said, taking a seat. “He's obsessed with coin and demands I pay my worship to it. I refused.”
Taking a deep breath, he tried to focus on something other than her fair countenance, but her beauty struck the words from his head each time he tried to speak. He'd been through situations many times more perilous than the one presented before him, but he felt more intimidation from the gorgeous girl across the table than he had from Gustav Drakar.
“Did you not hear me?” she asked.
Laedron bowed his head, trying to control his breathing. “Yes, of course. You were saying you didn't want to be a seneschal?”
“By Azura, no! Spending my entire life being a penny pincher and bookkeeper for some self-serving nobleman's house?”
“And you're trying to be a lyrist?” Laedron took a sip of his wine.
“A crafter of tales,” she said, gesturing to the ceiling as if presenting the future. “Grand narrations about travel and adventure, with some embellishments, as needed.”
“Exaggerations, you mean?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Well, yes. Some stories are quite dull and boring without a little... fine tuning here and there.”
While she spoke, he couldn't keep himself from being enthralled, by either her words or her crystal blue eyes. The hope and spirit behind her voice and expressions gave him a feeling of warmness and immediate attraction.
“Are you sure you're all right?” she asked, causing him to snap out of his reverie.
“Yes, yes, I'm fine,” he said. “Go on. You were saying?”
“That's truly the size of it. I'm learning the talent of writing at the university, but I'm having some trouble.”
“Why?” 
“They prefer historical fact to my fantasies,” Valyrie said. “Each time I change the original story from a holy text, they call it blasphemy. I wonder if I shall ever graduate from there.”
Laedron, wanting nothing more than to hear her speak a little more, said, “Give me an example.”
“Very well.” She stood. “I'll fetch my notes.”
When she walked past, he caught her scent—a smell much like that of the honeysuckle blossoms of his homeland. He drank his wine quickly, hoping it would grant him some courage.
“Here they are,” she said, emerging from the door and sitting again. “Don't laugh at them, though; ‘tis the only promise you must make.”
He locked his eyes on hers. “I won't laugh, Val.”
A nervous smile crossed her lips when he said Val, then she started reading. 
And there was Azura, the greatest of all who had come before, standing high upon the mound. Her wand raised high, she said the words of power.
Laedron stopped her. “Did you say wand?”
“I know, I know,” she said, blushing. “They correct me on that, too. I know it's supposed to be a staff.”
Leaning toward her, he rested his arms on the table. “Where did you get the idea for that, though?”
“Nowhere,” she said, seeming more nervous. “I... I just read it in some books.”
“What book?” He eased his posture when he noticed her anxiety. “I'd be interested to see it, that's all.”
“If I show you, you can't tell anyone, all right?”
“I promise,” he said before she walked away.
She returned with an old tome held tight under her arm, the cover facing toward her body. Never in his life had he wanted to be a book before, but he would have made an exception in this case.
Tucking her hair behind her ear, she placed the book before him and opened it a little past the halfway point. Pointing her finger at the passage, she read aloud. When finished, she closed the book, and Laedron observed the cover.
“Who is Farrah Harridan?” he asked, running his finger along the leather-bound face.
“The author, of course,” she replied.
“Clearly,” he said, rolling his eyes. “Do you know him? Or her?”
“No one does.” She took the book tight to her body once again. “It was written long ago, and this is one of the few surviving copies.”
“What happened to the others?”
“Burned,” she said, glancing down at the tome. “Destroyed by the church in an effort to remove heretical works.”
“Do you think it's heresy?”
She shook her head. “I don't know. I'm a Heraldan, and I've always been, but...”
“But what?” he asked, pressuring her for the truth.
Lowering her head, she sighed. “I don't feel like the church is doing the right thing. If they truly believed what they taught to be true, they'd have no need to remove any challenges or conflicting viewpoints.”
“On the contrary, perhaps they believe it so fervently that they're willing to kill for it,” Laedron said, folding his arms.
Her eyes met his. “No, they'd never kill for it. They have banished non-believers from these lands, though.”
“What do you mean? They have killed for it. How do you think the war was started?”
“The Sorbian mages influenced their king, of course. They've always been against the church. Nothing new there.”
“No, the church sent assassins,” Laedron said. “Who told you otherwise?”
“Assassins?”
“Yeah, they attacked the Sorbian mage academy weeks ago. I'm genuinely surprised you hadn't heard about it, with it being the cause of this war and all.”
Her eyes told of her confusion. “Heraldans would never do that. You must be mistaken.”
“Look, I wasn't truthful before,” he said, reducing his voice to a whisper. “I was there at the academy when they came. They killed most of us, but my teacher and I were able to escape, at first. They hunted us and killed my teacher in the streets, and I barely escaped with my life.”
“You're... a mage?” she asked, rubbing her hands together.
Laedron nodded slowly. “Does that frighten you, Val?”
“No. It should, but somehow, it doesn't. I've never met a mage before.” She studied him. “You look normal to me.”
“We're not all that different,” he said with a sigh. “Sorcerers are people, just as your priests are, just as you are. We have particular skills; that's all.”
“If what you say is true, what are you doing here?” she asked.
“We're here to make things right. To return things to the way they were before all this intrigue and murder. We intend to place Jurgen as the Grand Vicar, or do our best to rid the world of Andolis Drakar.”
“Then I'll help you as best I can,” she said. “I’ll convince father.”
“No.” Putting his hand on hers, he felt a rush of warmth but pulled his hand away when she froze. “Don't. He need not be involved in this. It's best if he knows nothing.”
She shook her head. “It will be dangerous without help.”
“I cannot ask others to become involved. One of our friends has already died, and I can't ask anyone else to risk their lives for this.”
“I just don't know what to make of all this. I need some time to consider what I should do and how I can help you.”
“I shouldn't have told you. I'm sorry.” Laedron covered his face, feeling regretful for getting her involved. “Forget I said anything, will you?”
Marac and Brice, each carrying parcels tied with hemp string, walked along the outside railing. “We've got the clothes,” Marac said, putting one of the packages on the brick wall near the street.
“Fine, thanks.” Laedron walked across the patio, took the bundle, and returned to Valyrie. “Best be getting changed, then. Thanks for the talk.”
“Of course. Anytime. We'll discuss things later,” she said, bowing her head and returning into the building.
When Marac and Brice walked toward the front door of the inn, Laedron spotted a suspicious man with a cowled head and dark clothes in the alley across the street. Turning to go inside, he felt eyes following him. There’s no way he could have heard us that far away, he thought.
“Something's not right,” he said, walking over to Jurgen and Pembry. “A strange man in the alley...”
Before he could finish his words, the front entrance burst open, followed by the back door at the end of the hall. Laedron spun around and saw cloaked figures with weapons flooding into the building from every direction. 
Pembry grabbed his crossbow from beneath the counter and shouted, “Damned robbers won't be taking me again!” He raised the crossbow to aim at the two men who had come through the front, but dropped to the floor before he fired his shot, a throwing dagger in his chest. 
Valyrie ran into the room, screaming in anguish. She knelt and took Pembry’s hand.
Marac and Brice dropped the parcels and reached for their swords, but before they could unsheathe their weapons, daggers were placed at their throats. Laedron trembled with fear at the sight of the blade coming to rest against Marac’s throat.
He searched his pockets for his wand, but then realized it was hidden away in his backpack upstairs. Damned fool! he thought. Enemies abound and your wand is nowhere to be found! One of the three men from the back took Jurgen by the neck, and the other two came at Laedron and his friends. “Take them,” one of them said. Laedron recognized him as the same one he had seen in the alley. “Tie and muzzle 'em.”
Though he resisted, Laedron quickly succumbed to his captors. Unable to pry Valyrie from her father's body, one of them men struck her with a sap, and she fell unconscious.
“Bastard!” Laedron shouted, struggling free from the one who held him so he could lunge at her attacker. With a quick motion, Valyrie’s assailant struck him in the head, sending him to the floor. In a daze, he felt his arms and legs being tied before a gag was shoved into his mouth. Through his blurred vision, he saw Marac and Brice tied, as well, and before he lost consciousness, several more hooded figures entered the building.



Chapter Twenty
The Dungeon Deep and Dark


Good, you're awake,” a muffled voice said. The cold stone floor beneath his right cheek gave little comfort, and he opened his eyes as he raised himself. Standing, Laedron was overwhelmed by the unrelenting pain in his head, causing him to wince.
He ambled to the door and peered through the bars set in its solitary window. He saw the back of a man, a cowl draping his shoulders and loose robes gathering about his back. Though the light was dim, Laedron could make out black locks topping the man's head.
“What do you want of me, of us?” Jurgen asked, his voice weaker than normal.
“We'll get the answers we need from you soon enough,” the man said, opening the door to Jurgen’s cell. Two others followed him into the room and took the priest by the shoulders. “It would seem you should have hired better guards than these. Hardly a challenge.”
When the men carried Jurgen out of the cell, his eyes met Laedron's for a moment. They told of desperation and resignation to his fate.
“Wait!” Laedron stretched his hand through the bars. Twisting Laedron’s arm, one of the men pulled him close to the slot. “What do you need, whelp?”
“I'll tell you anything you need to know. Just don't hurt him,” Laedron said, his breathing panicked from trying to enunciate his words clearly through the pain.
“Oh, we shall come see you when he's given out. It could take hours or maybe days, but we'll see you all in due order,” the man said, a smile creeping across his lips.
Once the priest had been taken down the hall and the men closed a door at the end of it, Laedron sat in the corner with the filth. Staring at the floor for a while, he heard Jurgen's screams echo down the hallway. For the first time in a long time, he felt powerless to do anything to save his friends. Now look what you've gotten yourself into, he thought, tears welling up in his eyes. Went and got everybody killed, haven't you?
His mind raced with memories of his home, those warm summer days he longed to see again. The warm embrace of his sister when he left Reven’s Landing and his mother's cooking only drove the depression deeper, like an arrow through his heart. For a moment, he thought Ismerelda and the others at the academy had been the lucky ones, having died quickly at the hands of their assailants, and he assumed those men were the same murderers who held him imprisoned in a city so far from his quiet seaside.
While he cried, he prayed to the Creator that it would be over fast, that he wouldn't languish in torment for hours at the pleasure of his executioner. For a while, he considered his fear and found it so different from the minuscule amount he had experienced over Gustav. He realized it was because he was just a young man with no wand or spell to protect him from the coming torments. Prior to his current predicament, he had been a free sorcerer on the track of adventure, his whole life before him, undecided and new. In the stillness of his cell, all of those dreams were diminished like any other condemned soul waiting for his execution.
Jurgen's screams pained his ears to hear, and they seemed to last for an eternity. With his hands on his ears, he tried to drown out the sound, and he suddenly remembered everything Marac had told him about Mikal's death back in Pilgrim's Rest. He put his head between his knees and hoped it would stop.
Then, he heard a whisper from behind him. He glanced over his shoulder out of reflex, but he saw only a stone wall at his back. He heard the voice again. Sliding himself away from the corner, he spied a tiny hole at the base of the wall and put his mouth close to it. “Hello?” He turned his head to listen for a response.
“Lae, is that you?” Marac asked.
He nodded in reply, but he quickly realized he couldn't be seen. “Yeah, where are the others?”
“We're all in cells along this corridor. We're not in a good way...”
Laedron snapped back at him. “That's an understatement, don't you think?”
“Sorry.”
“No matter. We need to get out of here.” He eyed some smelly muck and grime suspiciously when he rotated his head and saw it near his face.
“I don't see how,” Marac said. “We're two floors deep in the ground.”
Pausing to think, he noticed Jurgen's screams had grown silent, and his breathing hastened. Jurgen was dead, and they were next on the list. “We have to do something. I'll fight them tooth and nail if I must!”
“I should've fought back! Damned fool I was to give up so fast!”
“You'd be dead now if you had fought,” Laedron said, brushing the trash away from his face. “Have you spoken to or seen the others?”
“Brice is across from me.”
“And... Valyrie?”
“Who?”
“The girl from the tavern.”
“Haven't seen her, Lae. I'm sorry.”
Shaking his head, Laedron stood and walked to the door. He pushed and pulled on the heavy timbers and bars, trying to find a weakness. After a while, he gave up and collapsed to the floor.
He thought the stillness and quiet would soothe him, but it only made things worse. His fear and hope for Jurgen to have an easy death was replaced with the horror of anticipating his own fate. With thoughts running through his head faster than he could consider them, he heard footsteps echoing in the hallway. They're coming to get another one, he thought, cowering in the refuse.
When the steps stopped, he saw a shadow beneath his door. Two distinct thoughts washed over him—a calm relief that he wouldn't have to hear any of his other friends die and a deep depression knowing that he would be killed soon. With a click of the lock, the door swung wide. Beyond stood a hooded figure Laedron recognized as the one who had struck down Valyrie.
“Come to get me, have you? I think you'll find me more resilient than the old men you like to kill, fiend.”
“Don't make me come in there after you, boy.” The man’s voice was steady and firm, reminding him of the assassin Mathias.
“You think I'll make this easy for you?” Standing, he balled his fist.
The cowled man shook his head. “Get him.”
From either side of the threshold, two others entered. They wrestled with him. The first one in received a kick to the knee and a punch to the face, both backed by as much strength and animosity Laedron could muster. The first stumbled backward and was pushed aside by the second, a much larger man.
Ducking Laedron’s punch, the man swung his arm, backhanding Laedron in the face. Before he could regain his stance, Laedron was struck a second time with a fist in the forehead. With a daze washing over him, he was unable to stop the men from finally tackling him.
Dragging him through the hall and up a set of stone stairs, they dropped him on a wooden table. He struggled against his captor tying his hands and ankles with leather straps, but it was no use. He heard the footsteps go away from him and out of the room, and the door closed behind them.
He felt as Marac must have in the passages beneath Pilgrim's Rest, and he considered the emotions which had likely run through Jurgen's mind in the moments before he died staring up to the stained glass of the ceiling and the subdued sunlight it let through. The smell of copper from the old bloodstains was his only companion in that dreadful place.
Turning his head, he saw numerous torture implements lying on a table and hanging on the walls. In his peripheral vision, he saw a man strapped by his arms to a thick, wooden post.
“Jurgen!”
The priest didn't reply. Instead, he let out a muffled groan which was incomprehensible beyond the expression of his misery. Jurgen spat on the floor, and Laedron saw blood and a tooth in the mixture. 
“Did you tell them anything?” Laedron's fear grew when he received no response. “Jurgen! What did you tell them!”
“They...”
“Yes, go on! What did they ask?”
“Asked me why I was in the city. Wanted to know why I left my church in Balfan.”
“What else?”
“They kept hitting me.” Jurgen spat out some more blood. “I wouldn't tell them. I couldn't!”
Laedron waited for him to finish coughing. “Who are they, Jurgen?”
“Inquisitors.”
“For the church?”
Jurgen bobbed his head in reply. “It's over for us.”
“It's not over until we're dead. We have to do something!” He struggled against the leather straps.
When Laedron fell still from fighting against his restraints, Jurgen said, “As I told you... it's over for us. We should tell them what they want to know. They'll show us mercy.”
“We can't. We have to appear to be loyal to the church.”
“And what will that accomplish?” Jurgen asked.
“Some of us might make it out of here, that's what.” The leather straps cut into his skin the more he jerked his hands. Despite his wriggling and writhing, the bindings didn't loosen.
“Look at my face, Laedron. Does it look to you like it worked for me?”
Laedron gasped when the heavy door creaked open, and a man bearing a long scar on his face entered. Cold brown eyes looked out from beneath raven locks that brushed against his cheeks as he walked. Pulling the long sleeves of his robe up to his elbows, he ran his fingers across the implements on the table.
“You may not care what happens to you, but what of your companions?” the man asked in a raspy voice. “How many screams will it take to oil your vocal chords, Jurgen?”
To Laedron's horror, the man perused the implements of suffering much like a hungry man might look over a feast table for the best thing to replete his appetite. His finger traced a spiked rod first, and then he grasped a knife. Taking the knife into the air, the man turned it to inspect the blade before hastily returning it to the table. “No, that won't do.”
“Sir, please!” Laedron said, unable to take any more, despite the fact that the torture hadn't yet begun. “What do you want from us?”
The man shook his head while taking a hammer in his hand. “It's in bad taste to speak to the dead.”
His words were spoken with a chill and confidence, and Laedron knew at that moment that he would soon be dead. He breathed a sigh of relief when the door opened, and another man rushed into the room. “Supplies are in.”
“Then handle it,” the first man said with a quick turn of his head. “Must I do everything?”
“You said you wanted to know when they got here.”
“Can't you see I'm busy here, fool?” He slammed his hands on the table. “It's hard enough to work without all these constant disruptions.”
With a couple of backward steps, the man said, “Sorry,” and closed the door. Selecting a tool from the table, the first man lowered his head, then turned and approached Laedron.
He carried a metal implement with a square head. The top edge of it had been sharpened to be a fine blade. The closest thing Laedron could compare it to was a fruit peeler he had once seen in a tavern. 
“Now that we're alone, we can continue.”
Lying strapped to the table with the man's steady hand approaching, Laedron's mind raced, imagining his skin being removed piece by piece as he was flayed alive. Just when the cold metal touched his arm, Jurgen's words came rushing back to him. In a fury of emotions, he screamed, “I'm the sorcerer! Kill me quickly and be done with this!”
For the first time since the man had entered, his eyes carried hesitation. He glanced at Jurgen, then returned his gaze to Laedron. The peeler remained depressed against his skin, but still. The man's brow stiffened, and Laedron could tell he was deep in his thoughts.
While he waited for what would happen next, Laedron's whole body tensed with fear and anticipation. The whole world seemed to have stopped the moment he finished his confession.
The old scar on the man's face twisted with the raise of an eyebrow. “What did you say, boy?”
Laedron clenched his body tighter, turning his head and closing his eyes to avoid seeing his flesh peeled from his body. “It's me! I'm the one you seek. Please, spare the others!”
“Sorcerer?”
“Yes! Are you going to do it or not?”
Hearing the sound of metal hitting stone, Laedron opened his eyes and looked at the man. 
The man had turned his head and rested the tool on the table under his open hand. “You lie. It can't be——not here.”
“No, we've killed your precious Gustav, and we've come here to kill your Grand Vicar. Your war is the lie.”
“How can this be? What are you doing in the company of a priest?”
“He's been helping us. Jurgen knows the depths of your misdeeds, but he was unafraid to right the wrongs of your church, fiend!”
“Wait a moment. Who do you think I am?”
Laedron shook his head. “Does it truly matter? Some inquisitor charged with extracting our plots against your evil masters, I should say.”
The man gave Laedron a blank stare. “You think I'm Heraldan?”
“Don't toy with me.” He arched his brow in confusion. “What do you mean? Is this some sort of sick game?”
“No, it's no game. If you are what you say, where is your wand?”
“I don't have it.” He let out a sigh. “It's at the inn where your men attacked us.”
“Excuse me, then.” The man turned toward the door.
“Where are you going now?” Laedron jerked against his restraints. “What sort of torture is this?”
The man exited without another word crossing his lips, and Laedron went limp from exhaustion. 
Jurgen asked, “What do you make of this?”
“I think they're not of the church, which is a relief, but not knowing who they are makes me even more afraid.”
“If not church inquisitors, then who?”
“I don't know, but they're after my wand now. Can you get free?”
The priest pulled against the ropes. “No. Looks as if we're stuck here.”
“Wonderful.”
After what seemed like an eternity, the heavy door creaked open, and the same man stepped inside. Without speaking, he walked over to Jurgen and released him from his bonds, then proceeded to the table and unbuckled Laedron while Jurgen rubbed his wrists and sighed.
“What is the meaning of this?” Laedron asked.
“An error has been made. An unforgivable mistake.”
“Mistake? What in the hells are you going on about?” Jurgen shouted.
The man didn't speak until he had finished freeing Laedron. “One of my men saw you and your friends come from the basement of the tavern. We've known that was a secret entrance for the consulship for some time now. Then he saw Jurgen's face and recognized him as a vicar.”
“What does that have to do with taking us prisoner?” Laedron asked.
“Everything. You see, we're working to disrupt the church's activities, and every piece of information which could serve that purpose is... extracted, with great precision.”
“You mean you torture it out of them,” Jurgen said.
“You would take prisoners and agonize them without any sort of proof?” Laedron asked.
“The proof was our man's word that you were with the church, but he lied about what he truly knew.” He sighed and clasped his hands. “Worry not——it's been taken care of.”
“Taken care of?”
“He's been put down.”
Laedron raised his eyebrow. “Put down? You would kill your own men for such?”
“His lie has caused a terrible predicament, young man. Based upon what he said, we took you captive. We killed an innkeeper, and we've beaten your priest friend mercilessly. He knew the risks of bearing a falsehood to us, but he made an assumption which put all of our lives in danger.”
Laedron remembered Valyrie's father and the look on his face when he fell, a throwing knife protruding from his chest. He replayed the horror in Valyrie’s voice while she clung to his body, blood pooling around her knees. “Have you released my friends from below?”
“Caleb's fetching them now. If you'll come with me.”
Laedron stopped him. “I would know your name first.”
“Piers.” 
He led them to a large common room. Within a few moments, Marac, Brice, and Valyrie were brought to them. Laedron and his knights exchanged embraces while Valyrie found a place to sit. Behind them was the man Laedron recognized from the inn, the man who had struck Valyrie and him with the sap.
With a stern look on his face, Laedron walked over to him and swung his fist with all his might, striking him squarely in the face. “That's for the inn.”
“I see you two have gotten acquainted, Caleb.” A slight grin crossed Piers's lips.
Caleb nodded and wiped the blood from his mouth, then spat some onto the floor. “I deserved that.” He pointed at Laedron. “But don't think you'll be given any more than that for free.”
“You merit more than a tap on the cheek.” Valyrie stood, giving him a resentful look. “You've murdered my da!”
“The one who killed your father has sacrificed his life in turn,” Piers said.
“That's supposed to make it better, is it? Your men killed him. He was just an innkeeper defending his business from hoods, and you murdered him for it!”
“We’ve retrieved his remains from the inn and handled everything with care and respect. We're also prepared to pay restitution—”
“Keep your damned money. Just show me to the door.”
Laedron stepped between them. “Valyrie, wait.”
“What could you possibly say to help?” she asked, lowering her head. Laedron could see tears behind the locks of her hair.
“Nothing. No matter what I say, I can't bring him back, but you'll fare no better on your own. Stay with us.”
“You're not upset about how you've been treated by these thugs?” She pointed at Jurgen. “Look what they did to him! Remember what they did to my father!”
“You're right. They've done nothing but cause us suffering, but a fool's mistake is the cause of this. What they did was wrong, and that can't be denied. Don't suffer alone, though—stay with us.”
Wrapping her arms around him, she buried her face under his chin and cried. He awkwardly put his hands about her shoulders and held her until she drew away.
“Sorry.” She tried to dry the front of his shirt with her sleeve, but he took her hand in his.
“Don't worry about it.”
He helped her to a seat at the table, then looked at Piers. “A fine mess you've made.”
“We accept full responsibility, and I can only say that I'm thankful no one else was harmed before we discovered the truth.”
“I'd believe you were sincere if you felt some regret for what you’ve done.” Laedron rolled his eyes.
“I do regret it, but you must understand my position. We acted in the proper way given the information we had been furnished.” Piers hung his head. “If I could take back what has happened, I would.”
“That’s a start.” Laedron gave him a nod. “You told us earlier you needed knowledge about the church. Who are you, exactly?”
“Our order is tasked with disturbing and harassing the Heraldans in any way we can. In order to do that effectively, we require details—supply schedules, movements of important persons, and the like.”
“Your order?”
“To bring the light to pierce the darkness everywhere it is found.” Piers's eyes turned to the crest on the door. “We’re known as the Knights of the Shimmering Dawn.”
“You?” Marac crossed his arms. “Hardly.”
Piers glared at Marac. “And who are you to question it?”
“We're under the charge of Meklan Draive and Victor Altruis of Westmarch.” Laedron pulled Brice’s sleeve up to reveal his brand. “We're of the Dawn Knights, also.”
“You know Meklan Draive?” Piers clasped his hands, and his jaw dropped. “That fool Lester would have had me killing our own brothers!”
“We don't just know him. He's the one who sent us here. We've killed Gustav Drakar, and now we seek his brother.”
“Wait right there!” Valyrie stood and pointed at them. “You're of the same order?”
Laedron nodded. “Yes, but make no mistake, things seem to work much differently this side of the Azuran Sea.”
“I can't believe this. You’re asking me to stay with murderers and outlaws?” Valyrie cried.
Laedron knelt next to her chair. “We're not like that, I swear it. Please, don't leave, at least not until we've had a moment to talk about this.” She responded with a nod, but he could tell she was bothered by the proposition.
Brice broke the ensuing silence. “Who's Lester?”
Turning, Piers stared at him. “The one who told us of you at first. He claimed you were consorting with Jurgen, protecting him until he could return to the consulship. Lester has betrayed us all.”
Laedron rubbed his chin. “If he knew the consequences, why would he risk his life over lies?”
Piers took a deep breath and exhaled. “Lester was the kind of man who needed to be liked. When he recognized Jurgen's face, he made assumptions. Based upon those suppositions, I ordered the attack.”
“And now, two men are dead from a simple mistake—one, a liar, the other, an innocent businessman.” Marac approached Piers, his open hand outstretched. “Does this happen often? I mean, do you usually run loose killing people without confirming the facts?”
Piers returned a stern glare. “No. Like I explained a moment ago, I am ashamed that this has come to pass, but we won't win wars dwelling on our mistakes. We must move forward and learn from these hard lessons.”
“Calm down, everyone.” Laedron waved his hands. “He's right. We won't get anywhere by arguing the point, and we're deep in enemy territory; we need the allies, misguided as they may be. At this point, we'll take anything we can get.”
“Don't discount us so quickly, young man.” Piers narrowed his eyes. “We've lived in the shadows of this city for years, and we've seen many successes, regardless of what you may think of us. To remain under the church's nose takes great skill and cunning.”
“I don't doubt that, but you must understand our position. What occurred was a wrong not easily righted, and we have much work to do. Can you provide lodgings for us?”
“Lodgings? Of course.” Piers gestured to the door.
“And I'll need my things. The scepter from my bag, specifically.”
“Everything has been recovered from the inn. Right this way.”
After selecting rooms and changing into the new clothes Marac and Brice had bought, Laedron and his knights gathered in his room, and Valyrie, Jurgen, and Piers were summoned to join them. With a flick of his wand, Laedron cast a healing spell to rejuvenate the priest’s bruised body.
Valyrie's eyes grew wide and, for a moment, free of tears. “I've never seen magic before.”
“I have before,” Piers said, “but each time, I’m filled with awe.”
“That's only the beginning. He's the greatest sorcerer I've ever known.” Marac put his arm around Laedron's shoulders.
“Out of how many you've met? Let's not get carried away,” Laedron said.
Brice shouted, “He brought me back to life!”
“Too bad he didn't bring your brain back with you.” Marac jabbed Brice in the ribs.
“Hey!”
Laedron glared at them. “Enough. An entire army could be poised to attack, and you'd be lobbing insults at each other.”
Brice's voice faded to a whisper while he rubbed his side. “He started it.”
“Could you bring my father back?” Valyrie's face carried a hopefulness that melted Laedron's heart.
He shook his head slowly, trying to find the right words. “If I were to do so, I'd have to invest part of myself into the spell, part of my livelihood. When I brought Brice back, I came out of the spell older than when I went in.”
Her head dropped in disappointment, and he continued, “If I had any idea what it might do to me, I would consider it, but I could die in the process, for all I know. There's no way to be sure. I'm sorry, Val.”
“It was worth asking. To me, anyway.” She nodded, and he could feel her heart breaking with every moment that passed.
“Look, why don't you discuss how we will proceed,” he told Marac. Then he turned to Valyrie. “Would you care to take a walk?”
Marac stepped closer. “It's too dangerous, Lae.”
“It's quite all right. Follow this hallway and take the second door on the right.” Piers pointed at an open door to his left. “There you shall find the garden—it's safe there.”
With a nod to Piers, Laedron offered his arm to Valyrie. Once in the garden, Laedron guided her to a dilapidated, empty fountain at its center.
Sitting on the rim, she looked at the dirt and leaves accumulated in the basin. “I bet it was beautiful once.”
Not knowing what to say, Laedron decided to keep things simple. “Can I do anything for you?”
“What could anyone do? My father is dead, and I'm alone in the world.” She folded her arms, slouching her shoulders.
“What happened at the inn is a tragedy, but there's no need for you to go off by yourself. You can stay with us.”
“And do what?”
“You offered to help, didn't you?”
“That was before your new friends killed my da.” Her eyes grew cold. “Besides, I must send word to my family and inform them of what has come to pass. Someone will need to care for the inn.”
He tried to steer the conversation away from her father’s death. “Is it not yours?”
“No, it belongs to my uncle.” Pausing, she leaned forward. “I don’t know what I shall do now. I can’t afford the university on my own, and I have nowhere to stay. I won’t go to live with my uncle, though. The man is unbearable.”
“You can stay here with us. As far as I'm concerned, those men in there are no more than a tool to be used. Don’t think of it as staying with them, but instead, think of it as helping us.” Laedron leaned over and looked her in the eyes. “If we can end the war, we have a chance at preventing the needless deaths of many more. You could be a part of that, Val.”
“All right, Laedron,” she said, rubbing her eyes. “What do you need me to do?”
“You can call me Lae.” He offered his hand to her, and she took it. “We'll figure that out later after we've talked to Jurgen.”
“Very well...” She hesitated. “Lae.”
He returned with her through the short passage to the common room and found the others discussing plans on what would be done next.


# # #

The next in the series:

The Consuls of the Vicariate
Book II


Connect with the Author
You can easily reach author Brian Kittrell by the various methods described below.

On Twitter:
@Brian_Kittrell
http://www.twitter.com/Brian_Kittrell

On Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/author.BrianKittrell

On the Web:
http://www.latenitebooks.com

On YouTube (author interviews, discussions, and more):
http://www.youtube.com/user/LateNiteBooksDotCom

Through eMail:
brian@latenitebooks.com

Through the Mail:
Late Nite Books
Attn: Brian Kittrell, author
P.O. Box 321
Brandon, MS 39042


