The Odd Job
By Brennan Barrett

Copyright 2012 Brennan Barrett

Smashwords Edition

Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

This book is dedicated to David McCann, my sixth grade teacher. For the first person to encourage my writing, thank you.

Discover other titles in The Adjustor Series at Smashwords

Sharp Things
Bits and Pieces
The Naughty Necromancer

Table of Contents
Chapter 1     Chapter 2
Chapter 3     Chapter 4
Chapter 5     Chapter 6
Chapter 7     Chapter 8
Chapter 9     Chapter 10
Chapter 11   Chapter 12
Chapter 13   Chapter14
Chapter15    About the Author

Chapter 1
Paper can stink; its smell can be as unpleasant as an unmaintained dumpster, especially if you are surrounded by a miniature fortress of it on your desk. If you've ever been unfortunate enough to have veritable piles of paper, stacks of forms and statements on your desk that resemble medieval battlements, you know what I mean. I used to love the smell of paper. It always reminded me of favorite books and stories. Now it just stinks.
The main reason my desk currently looked like I was preparing for an impending siege by Saxon forces, was the result of a significant amount of abject hatred I had generated when I had inadvertently foiled Glen's budding office rape career. Glen is the snide and smarmy department manager that lives to make my life just a bit worse each day. Glen's preferred manner of interaction with me is an ABC checklist of a little more paperwork than I should be given, a generous helping of his own work added to the growing piles on my desk, bribing the mail boy to skip my sandwich order and stalling me with a series of fictitious questions the moment a fresh pot of coffee is made. I believe the technical term for people like Glen is ‘douche bag’. Alas, my working life just keeps getting worse as Glen’s boredom builds and it continues to build a little more each day.
“How could someone who should be managing an entire department possibly be bored?” you may ask. Well, he shrugs his own work off onto me in an effort to make my life miserable, at which point he has nothing to occupy his time and ‘idle hands are the devil’s playground.’
Glen must have been dying of boredom yet again this morning I noticed because the sandwiches were being passed out and once again my order hadn’t been taken. I was going to have to leave the office to get lunch and that meant being the last one out the door tonight. It also meant dealing with Glen’s retribution, all because Belinde had been gullible or stupid enough to let Glen lure her into the cubicles during a New Year’s Eve party.
Those were my heady days of clerical efficiency, of always being caught up on my paperwork and not hating my life. In an effort to maintain that efficiency, I had foolishly crept back to my desk to finish the paperwork for two claims that remained from my weekly work load. I wanted my statutory holiday all to myself without thoughts of unfinished paperwork interfering with a perfect, lazy day off. Ten minutes, just ten minutes without stupidity, lust or booze affecting my coworkers and my life would have remained comfortable.
Alas, good fortune was not with me. Glen pranced into the cubicles with Belinde and her gravity-defying bosom in tow for a little romance. I was just finishing the second set of claim adjustment forms when I heard Belinde start to panic. “Well, that’s your fault for thinking you can flirt your way into a promotion without paying a price,” I muttered to myself. Sour grapes? Hell yes! I had a crush on Belinde that was recognizable from orbit, to everyone but her. Grumbling and moping in silence, I was thinking I would be stuck hiding in my cubicle until the little act of office romance had run its course. At least that was what I was thinking up until I heard a muffled scream and ripping fabric. Maybe I should have had the presence of mind to leave Belinde to the fate she had manufactured for herself but I acted on impulse and instinct.
Looming over Glen as he writhed atop Belinde on the sorting table beside the large office printer, I cleared my throat like someone being ignored at an expensive restaurant and watched as Glen’s startled face suddenly took up the space previously filled by the back of his head. Startled or not, Glen still hadn’t bothered to move the hand that was covering Belinde’s mouth.
“It’s not rape if they don’t or can’t say no, right?” I said with eyebrows raised innocently. My snide comment seemed to galvanize Glen into action. Stiffening, he looked at the hand covering Belinde’s mouth below her wide frightened eyes with abject surprise.
“Whoa, hey, how did that get there?” the unspoken words playing across Glen's features as he looked down at his hand.
“You may want to get off of her now,” I said in a smug tone as Belinde struggled, still trapped under Glen's weight.
"Mr. Aingeal," Glen began, his customary smugness returning swiftly, "I don't know what you think you saw here but you are rudely interrupting Miss Dagmar and I." He finished with Belinde unable to say so much as a syllable in her own defense. Glen really was a self-righteous prick.
"I'm sorry," I said innocently. “'Interrupt' is such an interesting choice of words. I didn't realize it was rude to interrupt a rape." I finished my sentence with mock sincerity and a curious expression on my face. It was so unbelievably satisfying to stick Glen with a bit of his own smarminess and I just couldn't help myself. Then I was quickly forced to actually help myself as Glen lowered his head like an angry bull and charged at me. The hollow sound that Glen's head made hitting an office divider was also quite satisfying. I had crescent stepped out of his way and he hadn't even noticed. Glen was one of those men who thought height made you an 'Alpha Male'; Glen was incorrect.
After a few minutes of watching Glen knock over half the dividers in the office, the fun finally ended. Belinde had decided it was time to say something, which didn't sit well with Glen. At least I assumed it didn't sit well with him because no sooner were the words 'Please stop!' out of Bel's mouth before Glen delivered a resounding slap to her cherubic little face. I winced at the thought of her perfect little rosebud lips being marred and found myself hoping she had taken the brunt of that savage swipe to her solid Danish jaw.
"Hey!" I snapped at Glen. "Attempted rape and assault? Where do you draw the line?"
Glen was rapidly digging himself into a hole that there was no escape from. I was looking forward to seeing him taken away in cuffs when Belinde said, "Let's just pretend that none of this ever happened."
I had to hand it to Glen; his fine-tuned douche bag survival reflexes were top-notch. "Fine," Glen spat, "I'll go back to the party and let you two tidy this mess up." And with that, Glen turned and left.
"What the hell were you thinking?" I blurted like a startled goat. Belinde was already at work straightening or returning the disturbed office dividers to an upright position. I couldn't help but notice her wonderful ass as she bent over to gather a stack of half spilled files from one of the sales desks.
"I just didn't want any trouble," Belinde moaned as she returned a rather large stack of paperwork to the desk it had been upset from.
"Trouble is all we're going to see from here on,” I growled. “I don't see Glen as the live and let live type!" Belinde winced at my tone of voice, which immediately made me feel like an ass. "I'm sorry for growling at you," I said, "but seriously Bel, why not just have the bastard arrested? We'd never have to deal with him again."
Her answer was, “It's complicated.” 
And now my work life was a lot more complicated. I pushed my chair back from my desk and looked at my watch. If I elbowed my way through the lunch hour throng, I should be able to hit Standerwicks Deli for a meatball sandwich and be back in time to gulp it down with some lukewarm coffee before my break was over. My jacket was on and I was throwing my messenger bag over my shoulder as the elevator door opened. There was Bel, with Glen’s lunch.
Glen preferred to have Belinde bring him his lunch when he stayed in the office during break. I’m sure it was quite a treat to watch her bend over his desk with the necklines she always wore. “Did you spit in it?” I asked, reaching out my hand to stop the elevator door that she was holding with her foot.
“Of course,” she said with a wink. I winked back and ducked into the elevator before Glen caught us talking. We both knew he would be writing us up if he caught us talking. Then, in addition to the constant abuse, we’d be passed over for raises and promotions. Glen would love that. We’d be stuck in his little domain even longer.
The elevator doors closed and I was left alone with my inner grumblings. I liked Belinde but I wasn’t sure how I really felt about her. We had been giving each other signals before the New Year’s office party when Glen transformed from asshole to rapist asshole, but things were different now. How could I not be at least a little annoyed with her for not speaking up and having the prick arrested? Both of us were suffering because she was protecting the rat bastard. I wasn’t about to say squat until she did. I’d look pretty stupid if she didn’t back me up when I accused the office manager of attempted rape and Glen knew it. He also couldn’t fire me without good reason so he tried every single day to manufacture one.
I was starting to wear thin mentally. The workload was getting to me. I wasn’t sleeping well and I was becoming more and more irritable each day. I was even starting to think with foul language I suddenly realized, as I left the elevator and headed out the front doors of the building. Well, my father always said that a good meal makes everything better. He had lots of sayings that revolved around the ‘good meal’ theme, though he tended to call a meal ‘a feed’. And with feeding on my mind I elbowed my way through the lunch hour rush towards Standerwicks Deli with visions of meatball sandwiches drifting lazily through my mind.
I was drooling and looking food-crazed by the time I made it to the deli counter. There was no way my sandwich was going to survive the trip back. I would just have to keep my eyes open while taking bites this time. I had walked into a lamppost with a resounding clang once on my way back from lunch. The only thing that had saved my front teeth was the sheer density of the Standerwick Meatball Supreme. Dally, the girl at the counter, had laughed so hard when I told her the story that I thought she might wet herself. At least someone enjoyed that event; I sure hadn’t. I lost half my sandwich in that one-sided battle with the lamppost, and you didn’t waste a single bite of a Meatball Supreme!
Thank God Dally was working. She saw my face as I came through the door and had my sandwich ready to ring up before I got through the lineup. I left a tip as I thanked Dally for being an angel and opened the door with my hip. As I stepped out, I took the first blissful bite of my sandwich. I growled at anyone who ventured too close to me as I walked back to the office, because this was possibly the very best version of the very best sandwich in the world. I reminded myself to pick up something for Dally at Christmas as I peeled back the wrapping paper to expose the second half of my sandwich.
I must have been making sex sounds again while I was eating because one of the pedestrians waiting beside me for the light to change noticed the paper my sandwich was wrapped in and nodded sagely with a wistful smile. The light finally changed and I crossed the street while trying to remain mindful of other people and the remainder of my sandwich. Doing an admirable job of it brought me just short of the opposite curb when a black luxury SUV came screeching around the corner ahead in a tight right hand turn that plotted a beeline course directly through my body.
My fellow connoisseur of the Meatball Supreme, who was a mere half step in front of me, was saved by default when I dove across the remainder of the intersection carrying him with me in my flight. My heart was beating quite loudly in my ears but not so loud that I missed the three staccato pops coming from the SUV as it continued past and what felt like a kidney punch had me gritting my teeth. I quickly scrambled to my feet looking for something I could throw at the rapidly diminishing black Beemer when my heart dropped. At my feet lay the remnants of my beloved sandwich. "Burn in hell you bastards!" I roared. "By Odin’s empty eye-socket I'll see you pay for this!" My warped humor always kicked in along with my adrenalin. I admit, as defense mechanisms go, it's embarrassing.
I would have laughed at myself if I hadn't noticed the man I had saved still lying on the curb where we had landed. "Hey buddy," I asked, "are you ok?" A weak groan was his only answer. I didn't see the blood until I turned him over and realized the poor bugger was in bad shape. It looked like he had taken a round through his side and one through the chest. I had played enough video game and watched enough TV to put the pieces together. 
"Hold on buddy!" I said as I reached into my bag for my phone to call 911. When I looked at the phone to dial the simple emergency number I saw the mushroomed slug imbedded in the screen of my costly smart phone. Well, that explained the kidney punch I felt. I reached back to feel for blood as I called out to bystanders to call 911. 
"Just hold on," I reassured the man, "help is on the way."
People say that the dying often have that moment of clarity just before the end. I saw it now as the mortally wounded man in my arms reached up a bloody hand to grip the back of my head with a frantic strength.
"It's too late for me son. You've spoken the words and called upon your God. It's up to you now."
"What are you saying, old man? Just be still," I pleaded, once again trying to be comforting in a hopeless situation. It only made him offer up a sad smile.
"What is your name?" he asked, his voice growing more faint with each word.
"It's Declan sir, Declan Aingeal." He gave a slight nod as if everything made sense and all was right with the world, but it wasn't and I still didn't hear sirens.
"Be vigilant Declan. You will be contacted but you are not yet safe." With those puzzling words, the back of my head exploded with intense heat. Out of pure instinct I reached up with my left hand to pry his hand away, still supporting his fading body with the other.
As my hand covered his, the supernova at the base of my skull suddenly turned to ice and time stopped. Time actually stopped. I took a breath that sounded like rushing wind and distant thunder. People around us were frozen in mid stride and gesture. The dying stranger and I locked eyes for what seemed like hours and I swore I could hear a cavalry charge of hooves and an oddly musical peal of horns or trumpets. I felt a hurricane blowing straight through my soul for an unknown length of time and suddenly with a flash of light that seemed to come from everywhere at once. Time began to march forward once more. The polite, unassumingly dressed stranger went limp and his hand slipped from the back of my head to fall at his side.
I wasn't even thirty years old and a complete stranger had just died in my arms. I mean, sure I wasn't the first guy that had held a stranger while they died but son of a bitch! This wasn't a war zone. I wasn't outside a shady bar on the bad side of town. I was one friggin' block from my favorite deli on my god damned lunch break! Maybe I had had a stroke while eating, or worse I may be drooling at my desk because the pressure I had been under at work had caused an aneurism and I was face down in a pile of damage assessments. 
Except the concrete was killing my knees and my left side had an awful lot of someone else's cooling blood on it. I also wouldn't have heard the sirens from my desk. No, this was real and I didn't know if I should burst into tears from shock or just calmly shit myself. What the fuck was going on?
The paramedics pulled me away from the body and started frantically working on the fallen stranger. Someone was asking me if I was hurt. I just shook my head as I was led to an ambulance. Someone put a hot cup of coffee in my hands and I noticed that the cup was from Standerwicks Deli. It took a few minutes, and more than half the coffee in my cup, before I noticed the cop who started asking questions the moment our eyes met.
“No, I had never seen this man before and didn't know him from Adam.” “No, I didn't recognize the vehicle that had been involved,” “No, the only person that wanted me dead was doing it to me publicly and slowly with mountains of paper work,” and “Ok Officer, I didn't plan on leaving town anyway.” 
I was slowly coming out of my daze still half covered in blood as one of the uniformed cops dropped me off in front of my office building forty-five minutes late from lunch. Maybe Glen would see the blood and just stay quiet. And maybe Santa would bring me a map to Atlantis for Christmas.
"Oh look who has decided to grace us with his presence. It must be nice to take extended lunch breaks while the rest of us are stuck here working." This idiot was the poster boy for douche bags and it was long past time I snapped.
"Glen, you useless puke,” I yelled, “you can't honestly tell me you haven't noticed that I'm covered in blood?" He still had a smarmy expression on his face as I pulled my cell phone from my coat pocket. "I would have called to say I'd be running late but there seems to be a fucking bullet lodged in my god damned phone! I just had a man die in my arms and I'm sick of your bullshit you whining, conniving, chauvinistic piece of shit little rapist." His eyes were bulging from his head and I was picking up steam. 
"Now I'm going to the can to wash off some of this blood. When I get back, if you haven't removed every single scrap of your work from my desk, I will shove my entire arm up your smarmy little ass and turn you into a human sock puppet!" and with that I wheeled right and headed for the washroom.
It must have been ten minutes that I just stood and stared toward the sink. I was holding my hands in front of me entranced by the blood. A few speckles of rusty brown on my right hand that had mostly dried and my left hand painted completely dark red with a few brighter spots where the blood was thicker and hadn't dried completely yet. My entire left sleeve was soaked in blood and still quite red. 
I finally got the water running and started washing my hands. I took four applications of soap before all the blood was finally gone. I had already started drying my hands when I remembered the mystery man's bloody hand reaching toward me and turned the water back on. I ran the paper towels under the hot water for a second then wrung them slightly so I wouldn't have blood colored sludge running down the back of my neck.
The hot damp towels felt good on the back of my neck. I almost tossed the wad of towels into the trash without looking, to repeat the process, when I noticed they were still clean. "What the hell?" I muttered. I was certain Johnny victim's hand was literally covered in blood when I saw him reaching toward me. I even had blood on my right palm from trying to loosen his grip. 
"Where did the blood go?" I asked myself in the mirror. I realized I wasn't going to process what had happened to me in the next ten or twenty minutes so I figured I might as well deal with the backlash of my outburst with Glen. I grunted at the thought and finally tossed the last paper towel into the trash and left the bathroom.
I came back to the cubicle area only to find Glen facing me, arms crossed across his chest and a smug self righteous expression plastered across his face. He was bracketed on either side by the two biggest security guards the building had to offer. One was a bald black guy and the other was a monster with a crew cut that looked like he ate professional wrestlers for a light snack between meals. Our building had armed security guards due to the fact that it contained both a bank and a diamond brokerage and I noticed that the burly men had their hands resting on the butts of their guns.
"You are going to stay right there Declan, and not move a single inch until the police arrive." If anything, Glen was actually beaming as he finished his little power statement. "Boys, if he moves, shoot him." Both of the guards turned to Glen with raised eyebrows at the idiot's smug speech, realizing the smarmy little prick had played them.
"Did you get caught up in that shooting down the street?" the bald one asked as he eyeballed the bloodstains on my jacket.
"Yeah," I replied, "there was nothing I could do to help the guy and I almost took a bullet through the kidney for my troubles." I reached my hand into my messenger bag, poked a finger through the hole and wiggled it at him before I brought out my poor iPhone to show the guards.
"No shit” the more talkative guard said as he took the phone from me to examine it. "Did you show this to the cops on scene?"
"No," I said, "I was kinda caught up in the moment and forgot." He had already passed it to his partner before I finished.
"I served in the gulf," he began. "You are one lucky son of a bitch. A 6mm round like that can tend to bounce around once it's inside you." He was shaking his head as he finished. Obviously there were a few memories there he would prefer to forget. You could certainly tell he wasn't happy with Glen by the look he gave the little puke.
I was actually shocked when the first guard’s massive partner handed the phone back to me and turned to Glen. "Your father hated you didn't he?" he said in a gravelly voice that was as big as he was and liberally basted in some Slavic accent. "Don't ever waste my time again."
I had to hand it to Glen for not shitting himself before the giant finished speaking, and not making a single sound as the monster turned with his partner to call the elevator. Glen was still standing in shock as the elevator doors opened and the cop I had spoken with at the scene walked out. The cop, I guess Detective would be a better term, nodded at the guards as he walked past them and stopped beside me. "Mr. Aingeal," he said with a nod in my direction. 
Turning to a crestfallen Glen, he continued, "You must be Mr. Sumner," his voice directed coldly to Glen. "You phoned to report someone with a possible connection to a homicide?"
"I believe this is your culprit right here," Glen offered weakly. The detective, whose name I still didn't know, sighed in exasperation and hung his head. You could tell by his clenching hands that he desperately wanted to wring Glen's neck for wasting his time.
"Mr. Sumner," he began, "there are serious repercussions for wasting the Police departments resources. If you ever call my department or me again, it had better be for a serious reason. I am not your high school principal and I personally do not appreciate you wasting my time." He turned away from Glen without waiting for a reply. 
"Declan, why are you here? I'd have thought you would want to get home, ditch the bloody clothes, have a long shower and a shitload of booze."
"I'd love to," I said, "but fuck-face here would make my life hell if I didn't get all his work done for him before I went home," I ended with a slight toss of my head in Glens direction. The detective shook his head in disgust then pulled a small folder from his pocket.
"Here's my card,” the detective said. “I should have given you one at the scene but I had my hands full. My partner is home sick with the flu and I'm working the caseload by myself." I took the card he offered and quickly read it before looking up.
"Thank you Detective Mullins," I offered.
"You call me if you remember anything you think might be helpful, or if you just feel like talking," he finished with a warning glance in Glen's direction.
I walked with Detective Mullins back towards the elevator, more out of politeness than anything else, when I did in fact remember something. "Detective Mullins, I forgot earlier but you may want this as evidence," I said handing him my phone. 
He took the dead cell phone from my hand and examined it. "Where were you carrying this when it happened?" he asked.
"It was in my bag," I replied, once again reaching into my bag and poking a finger through the damaged leather. "It felt like I took a punch to the kidney. I heard a three round, silenced burst and felt the single hit. I thought I was a goner."
"Silenced?" the Detective asked.
"Yeah, sounded like a silenced FAMAS but I can't be sure."
"Did you ever serve?" he asked.
"No,” I said, slightly embarrassed, "I used to play a lot of Xbox when I was recovering from a knee operation."
"Well," he said with a thoughtful expression, "this tells us that the ‘plus one’ was the shooter. If you had tried just a little harder, you would be dead."
"Plus one?" I asked.
"Driver plus one; helps keep things straight." He tossed the phone back to me as he stepped into the elevator. "Keep that as a memento. The M.E. pulled two slugs from the ‘vic’ so we don't need that one. It does let me know there may have been three or more perps in the vehicle since a shooter in the front passenger seat would have killed you both. Our ‘vic’ was facing that first round just as you tackled him. Which means one of the rounds missed your face by inches." Detective Mullins was holding the elevators as he spoke. "Do you always wear your bag down the left side?" he asked.
"Not always,” I replied. "It’s usually on the right but I'm right handed and I'd just paid for a sandwich I was eating."
"You're one lucky son of a bitch," Mullins said as the doors started to close.
"So I've heard," I muttered in reply just before the doors blocked my sight. I turned back to retrieve my iPad from my desk, deciding to take Detective Mullins' advice and going home. I'd need the info from it when I went to get a new phone. I didn't have a landline and I knew my father would be trying to get in touch with me when he heard about the shooting near my work.
As I pulled open the top drawer of my desk to retrieve my iPad, keys and headphones, I noticed Glen still hovering nearby. "Glen,” I said, "I'm going home and I won't be back for at least a day and a half. You may have to do some of your own work for a change." 
Glen made a shocked clucking sound of honest actual surprise. I looked at Glen and then looked around the office. Half the staff was still staring at us like they had been from the moment I had returned from the bathroom, the other half were frantically attempting to look busy. "Don't bother saying anything Glen,” I said, before the human turd had a chance to speak. “No threats, no bullshit, just stay quiet for five minutes and I'll fill H.R. in on everything before I go.” 
"If you think you can milk your little mishap as an excuse to dodge work,” Glen said as he gestured with his finger, “you are history Bub!" He couldn't last even five minutes without acting like a complete asshole. The guy was amazing.
"You know what?" I spat, wheeling on Glenn halfway between my desk and the hallway to the Human Resources offices. "You can just fuck yourself Glen! You've been using the fact that I interrupted your little rape scene with Bel to make my life suck and foist all your work onto me for the past five months. Now piss off!" The little bastard couldn't take a hint. He was actually following me down the hallway complaining about the department review that my absence would sabotage.
Thankfully Glen didn't follow me into the H.R. department and I was able to explain the whole affair to Marry (The holy mother of H.R.) without a fuss. The poor woman was shocked white from the sight of all the blood on my clothes and it took a few moments for her to collect herself before she could copy down the information from the card Mullins had given me. One quick phone call by Marry to Det. Mullins, for a case file number, and I had two weeks paid leave. 
Glen could blow me I thought before I realized the little maggot was probably still waiting outside in the hallway, and would most likely stalk me all the way to the front doors of the building.
"Is there anything I can do for you before you leave," Marry asked, genuinely sincere and concerned. I explained Glen's reaction to the entire mess without mentioning a word about the attack on Belinde. I told Marry I just wanted to leave without another confrontation. I told her flat out that I probably wouldn't make it out of the building without knocking Glen on his ass.
"No problem,” Marry said as she stood from her desk and linked her arm with mine. "I'll walk you out on the way to summon Mr. Sumner." Marry really was a sweetheart. "I do believe there are a few courses offered during the evenings and weekends that Glen would benefit greatly from," Marry said with a mischievous smile, "especially if his career depends on it." 
That was Marry; a sweetheart that only fools crossed. Marry took a specifically harsh stand against office bullying and insensitivity. Glen was about to find out what life was like when someone higher up the ladder decided you had fallen from grace. I had started to feel the same mischievousness that Marry was showing slowly creep across my face. Then my grin turned into a full smile as Marry noticed Glen waiting in the hallway.
"Oh Mr. Sumner,” Marry began. "I was hoping I might run into you." Glen was torn between throwing venomous glances in my direction and trying to make a break for it. Before his face actually exploded from indecision, Marry asked. "Would you please join me in my office for a few minutes? There are a few things we need to discuss." Glen's abject hatred of me was his undoing as he tried to dismiss Marry and return to his favorite hobby of torturing me; the idiot committed a fatal mistake in the presence of our H.R. department head.
"Yes of course dear," Glen said snidely, "just as soon as I've had a chance to speak with Declan alone for a few minutes." Sweet little Marry spontaneously reached critical mass and became King Kong; she actually managed to loom over Glen while being more than a foot shorter.
"‘Dear’? Did I actually hear you address me as 'Dear'?" Marry asked. Glen was suddenly looking like he wanted to blame the actions of his mouth on global warming or brain damage. "Declan, I would like you to go home and make your own wellbeing a priority," she said as she positioned herself between Glen and I like a momma bear. "And,” Marry added, “I want your promise that you won't hesitate to call me if you need anything."
When Marry took that tone everyone did as they were told without exception. I nodded and smiled like a good boy. "Of course, Marry,” I said gratefully, “thanks again for all your help. I won't keep you. I think Glen needs you more than I do right now." And with that, I turned and walked away. I heard a stomp and glanced back over my shoulder to see Mary glaring fiercely at Glen while she stood firmly and pointed at her office door. I brought my gaze around in the direction of my feet and stifled my laughter as best I could.
Within moments, I was in the elevator and headed down to the lobby. Calling a cab from the lobby was out of the question since my phone had suffered a fatal gut wound. ‘Oh crap,’ I thought, ‘I have to get a replacement phone before I go home.’ Oh well, no salesman would want to keep me around too terribly long while I was covered in blood trying to replace a phone with a bullet in it. Thankfully my service provider had an outlet within walking distance.
Chapter 2
It had taken just over twenty minutes walking just to get into a line up at cellular dealer's outlet, where I could only hope the phone I wanted was in stock. It took another fifteen minutes creeping agonizingly along like a segment of a human centipede to get to the counter where I was promptly thrown out of the store for looking like a criminal and another twenty minutes before I finally realized I would never get a cab if I didn't remove my blood soaked jacket. Ten minutes after that, I was finally in a cab heading home. 
Most of my coworkers had probably left work or were already home and I still didn't have a phone. I'd have to go again tomorrow and just deal with the backwash of messages that would be waiting in my voicemail. It would be nice if something, anything, worked out in my favor before the day ended.
I was grumping to myself and I knew it was just exhaustion and nerves. Hell, my sandwich had been ready for me at lunch, everyone I had talked to the entire day with the exception of Glen seemed ready and willing to help or be understanding. Other than having the one guy die on me, the day had been pretty good to me.
It's the little things, the little acts kindness some people share that make you want to look for the silver lining I was thinking as I slid my key into the front door very glad to be home. It was the little things, or the little parts of what used to be bigger things, little things that were now strewn all over the floor of my apartment. "What the hell!" I groaned aloud as I surveyed the damage. 
Someone had trashed my home and belongings and then had the presence of mind to lock the door on their way out. I pulled Detective Mullins card from my pocket and realized I had no way to contact him. "Great, just fucking great," I bitched as I kicked a sofa cushion off the no longer flat flat-screen TV that I had just finished paying for. I didn't know where to start and was trying to come up with a plan when there was a knock at the door. Maybe it was a healthy sofa or new flat screen knocking at my door. No, it was Belinde.
"Bel,” I said, slightly surprised, "what are you doing here?" Not that I didn't like looking at Bel's lovely buxom frame, I was just dealing with enough already that I couldn't appreciate the honor of a visit.
"I was worried!" she exclaimed. "I heard what happened and tried to call you!" She was slightly out of breath and panting for some unknown reason. It was nice to watch Bel pant. "I've been trying to reach you since you left the office, why haven't you answered your phone?" she exclaimed in a worried tone. 
I dug my phone out of my bag and held it in front of her face. "Oh," was her sagely reply as she dropped her gaze in embarrassment. She then noticed the general disarray of my apartment and let out a low whistle. "Wow! Did Glen piss you off that much?" she asked while gesturing at the disaster around her.
"Bel," I began in dismay, "someone trashed my place. I didn't do this!" I was still searching for something more to say when a second knock came at the door.
I answered the door again. This time a very well dressed gentleman walked in, stepping around and past me like he owned the place. "Good evening, Mr. Aingeal," he said in an English accent. "My name is Wellington. I am here to facilitate your transition." The crisply dressed gentleman glanced around at the mess, then cast an appraising glance at Belinde. "I see you keep a Vampire. Impressive."
“Succubus,” Belinde interrupted.
The gentleman looked at Bel and simply said, “Of course.” He was all business. I was stunned into silence. "Here is your new cellular telephone, the keys to your new car and accommodations as well as your glasses," he said as he handed me one item at a time ending with a stylish leather snap case.
"I don't wear glasses," I said, as if this was the first and only point I should be taking exception to.
"You do now," he said as if he were fourth year physics professor. "Now please pay attention,” the Englishman said, “I have no wish to explain anything more than once and I am even less inclined to explain the obvious."
"I'm all ears," I said, playing along. "Please continue."
Before replying to me, Wellington turned to Belinde and said, “There isn’t much point in going further until you have made your decision.”
“What decision?” Belinde asked.
“You may not be a full Vampire,” Wellington said, “but you are of Vampire, and we are at war with a great many of them.”
“That suits me just fine,” Belinde said.
“I say this because,” the Englishman looked over his glasses for emphasis, “you may be seen as a threat. If you are allowed to remain, you will have to prove yourself. I sincerely hope you understand the gravity of your situation,” he finished with severity on his brow. 
Belinde swallowed audibly, her eyes growing large. I wasn’t sure exactly what was going on. I was probably still in shock but Bel appeared to be wrestling with a tough choice; that much was certain.
 Turning back to me, Wellington cleared his throat and began, "As the mantle has been passed to you, all arrangements have been made to accommodate you and your needs. Your transportation is currently parked in visitor parking with The Estate, your new lodgings, programmed into the NAV system. Your vampire is, of course, welcome." Wellington glanced at Belinde and nodded slightly before continuing. “Please use your eyewear at all times whether you are outside of or at work."
"Is that it?" I asked.
"No, of course not,” Wellington replied. "There will be a full orientation at Operations or what we refer to as ‘The Estate’, when you arrive. Should you wish to retain your vampire, she will be included."
"Succubus," Belinde interrupted with a grumble that was more of a pout. 
Wellington looked like he was trying to hold back a cough. "Sorry," he continued with what was becoming an obvious snicker. "Should you wish to retain your succubus, arrangements will be made." Wellington had to finish quickly as what appeared to be a coughing fit overtook him. Belinde was glaring at him with her arms awkwardly crossed over her breasts.
"What?" I asked them both.
"He doesn't know," Belinde grumped at the Englishman. At this point Wellington doubled over and there was no mistaking the laughing fit for a coughing fit.
"What are you laughing about?" I asked. 
Wellington, after a superhuman effort to control his mirth, finally replied, "A succubus differs slightly from the norm of Vampire in that they are not quite as strong and they require less blood." At this point he looked like he was about to burst out laughing again. "Their feeding habits are also, significantly different." Once again he was covering his mouth with a fist.
"Yeah, yeah,” I said. "Everybody knows that a succubus feeds on sleeping men." Before I had even finished speaking, Wellington was forced to turn away. His shoulders were shaking and it was obvious that I was being punk'd. "Ok you two,” I said in a voice that left no doubt that I had had enough. "Show me where the camera is, tell me what I've won and be on your way. I have a lot of cleaning to do before I can turn in and I have had a very long, very strange day!"
Wellington turned back to me, having finally composed himself. "I assure you Mr. Aingeal, you are not being 'punk'd' as you put it. This young lady is most assuredly a succubus, and although you are quite ignorant of anything outside of the mundane, you have proven instincts and you did agree to this."
"Agree to what?" I yelled finally losing my cool. "You march into my place, start talking about random shit, and then expect me to believe in vampires." Belinde cleared her throat and Wellington scowled at me. I didn't care. "You two are obviously in on this and I don't care what kind of game you're playing, but enough is enough!" Belinde was softly kicking the back of my leg to shut me up but it wasn't working. 
Wellington pulled a note pad from his pocket and leafed through a few pages. "You are Declan Aingeal, son of Seamus Aingeal born 1937 Limerick Ireland?"
"Yeah,” I said, "that sounds about right. Why is that important?"
"I'm establishing your identity beyond question. Now, today at 12:37pm you swore an oath to the God Odin. At 12:39pm the mantle was passed to you by your predecessor, Mr. Romeo Pittacus, who originally swore his oath in the name of Zeus. I can tell you there is definitely a flurry of activity and gossip over this. The elder, Odin, hasn't been in this position for a very long time. Actually I do believe this will be good for him." The Englishman sighed slightly as he finished speaking.
"Oh come on,” I blurted with honest panic in my voice. "Let it go, the game is over. Next you'll be trying to convince me that the fair folk and little people in my father's bedtime stories are also real." I walked over to the door and yanked it open, practically tearing the knob off in the process. "I think it's past time the two of you left," I stated with as much authority as I could muster. I was tired and whatever kind of game or TV show this was, I didn't care. I wanted a hot shower and sleep.
Wellington turned to Bel and said flatly, "Miss, please help Mr. Aingeal to the car. I will meet you both at The Estate after I perform a quick inventory." With that, he turned away. I was about to object further when Bel picked me up by the collar of my coat and marched out the door.
"Oh, you're a heavy one," Belinde said, putting me down after the short flight of stairs that led to the complex foyer. She was five foot four and had carried me about seventy-five feet with one arm. For once in my life I actually had nothing to say. It wasn't that I was shocked into silence, far from it. I was actually quite pissed, but after being manhandled by a petite blonde everything I could think of saying would have sounded stupid.
Entwining her right arm with my left and placing her left hand over my bicep, Bel looked up at me with a satisfied expression and marched me out the front door. I was scowling of course but at least my feet were on the ground. At the end of the walkway Bel turned to her left and led me towards visitor parking. "Have you been here before?" I asked, wondering how Bel knew her way around.
"A few times," she answered shyly, blushing slightly for some reason. My right hand crept up as I felt the urge to check my neck. Belinde, noticing my movements, slapped my left bicep lightly and said. "Don't worry silly, I've never fed on you." 
I wondered if I would know. I'd be sleeping with one eye open from now on though. Belinde saw the wheels turning in my head and gave an exasperated little sigh. 
A moment later we were standing beside a Maserati that was the strangest color of silver gray that I had ever seen. It actually took effort to keep my eyes on the car. There was an entire rainbow of muted colors just under the surface that was neither silver-gray, nor gray silver. It was such a beautiful car yet I had to resist the urge to look away.
"This can't be my car," I said in surprise. Wellington had handed me a set of keys and said they were to my new car. This car was definitely not used or old.
"Trust me," Belinde said with a grin, "this is the right car." I removed the keys from my jacket pocket and tried the door key. It worked, smooth as butter. I got in the car, throwing my bag in the back seat as the driver's seat molded itself to my body like a living thing. Watching Belinde walk around the car and enter from the passenger side with a look of pride and accomplishment on her face, I felt a pang of guilt for not opening her door. She sighed a little ‘Oooo’ as she experienced the self-molding leather seat then buckled her seatbelt like this was an everyday thing for her. She looked over at me with that lovely little face that made men stumble, and nodded towards the dash. "Well,” she asked, "are we going?" 
I slid the key into the ignition and cranked the motor over. It started instantly with a feeling of such raw unbridled power that I momentarily questioned my ability to handle the vehicle. That questioning was quickly replaced by the raw desire to drive the powerful machine. If Belinde really was a vampire, which was still blowing my mind, then I really should check out this new job. The perks were pretty good so far, I thought as I wrapped my hands around the steering wheel and darted a surreptitious glance at Belinde's chest.
"Ok," I asked, "where are we going?"
"Don't ask me," Belinde replied, "ask the car." I couldn't see a GPS panel anywhere. There was no NAV-SAT system logos or buttons. I didn't even see a stereo, just walnut, chrome, black panels and black leather. I looked at Belinde in absolute confusion but she just tilted her head toward the dash.
"Car?" I inquired. Nothing. "Really expensive car?" I inquired further. Still nothing. I was reminded of an old Star Trek movie where Scottie was trying to talk to the computer through the mouse. "Computer?" I inquired hopefully.
 "Good afternoon, Mr. Aingeal. How can I help you?" 
I spasmed in my seat as the car answered in easily the sexiest voice I had ever heard. "I'm supposed to meet Wellington at some place called The Estate. Can you point me in the right direction?"
"Of course, Mr. Aingeal," the sultry voice answered. "West."
"Could you be a bit more specific?" I asked.
"Of course, Mr. Aingeal," the car replied. "West of your current location." This was going to become very annoying very quickly.
"Computer,” Belinde interjected, "could you please offer Mr. Aingeal any information and suggestions that he might find useful in his current situation?”
"Of course passenger," the car replied. Belinde who had been getting along with the car up to this point directed a dirty look at the dashboard. 
"That would be Miss Dagmar," she informed the car.
"Of course Miss Dagmar," the car replied. Then in an even sexier voice, if that was even possible, the car spoke again. "I would suggest you don your interface glasses before proceeding, Mr. Aingeal."
The only glasses I had were the pair Wellington had given me. Hoping those were the glasses the car was referring to, I reached into my coat pocket and found gum, a pen and a Leatherman multi-tool. Remembering that I had tossed my bag into what was pretending to be a back seat, I reached back into my bag and located the leather snap case Wellington had given me. Inside I found a stylish pair of half frame glasses that managed to look both modern and antique. "Here goes," I commented as I raised the glasses to my face and gave Bel a quick wink.
As I put the glasses on my face, the world sprang into focus. I didn't need glasses, but I loved these. I could see subtle shades of color that I had never noticed before. Everything I looked at seemed to have more depth and the windshield was covered in a heads up display that contained a map showing a course already plotted from where I was parked to my destination. Separate sections of the display showed traffic information, police, fire and ambulance information. There was a continuous changing weather section with current forecast and a few other things that looked very interesting but held no meaning for me.
Feeling much more in control of myself, I put the car in gear and pulled out into traffic. A few minutes after pulling out, I noticed that the route had changed. According to the display, there had been a minor fender bender ahead that I had been automatically routed past. I could get used to this. The transmission had been a bit tricky at first but I quickly realized that a hybrid cross of standard and automatic transmissions just made sense and I found myself hoping that I could take the Maserati out on the highway to really open it up. Maybe there would be time for that later. "Computer,” I asked, "is there any chance we could listen to some music?"
"Of course, Mr. Aingeal," the car replied seductively, "what kind of music would you like to hear?"
"Rock would be nice, not too old, not too new, something that fits with driving." There was a brief pause before Bruce Springsteen's 'Born To Run' began thumping through a hidden sound system. A big smile spread across my face. Life was improving.
About two thirds of the way to our destination, a red dot appeared behind our current location icon. 'Jessie's Girl' was suddenly muted and the car issued a warning, "We appear to have a black luxury SUV following us, sir." The car still had a sexy voice but it was definitely much more business like now. "Should I deploy counter-measures?" I wasn't sure what the counter-measures would be and I had never been in a car chase. Better not to use up our bag of tricks just yet I decided.
"Not just yet computer," I answered. "Could you give me a hand outrunning them?"
"It would be my pleasure, Mr. Aingeal," the car replied, this time sounding downright mischievous. "Please follow the rapidly blinking commands that appear before you. A more basic version of the map appeared on the display, along with present speed and projected speed. In the top left hand corner of the windshield was an image of the vehicle following us.
I pointed at the display to get Bel's attention but realized she wouldn't be able to see what I was pointing at. "I wish I had a rocket launcher," I grumbled out loud. "I'd blow those bastards right off the road!" I was preparing to make a sharp right turn and goose the accelerator when I heard a pop/puff and noticed a yellow dot racing away from us and toward the black SUV behind us. The red dot on the display veered sharply left but the yellow dot followed its course through two more erratic course changes before both dots suddenly disappeared. Even through the confines of the car and the distance between us I was able to hear a faint whoosh.
"Target eliminated," the car stated proudly. Damn, I had really been looking forward to an action scene. I won't lie; I felt more than a little disappointed at not being able to race through narrow side streets like James Bond. I guess I would have to watch my mouth around the car. The sudden thought of my car blowing up a soccer mom and her brood after being cut off made me shiver.
"Computer," I asked, "what is your name?" The car seemed confused for a full two seconds then answered.
"You may refer to me as Computer or any other name you may choose as long as I am informed of your choice." Before I could reply, the car added, "I believe I would be partial to Samantha."
"That sounds fine to me as long as I can call you both Sam and Samantha."
"Agreed," the car replied.
"Excellent,” I said cheerfully. “Now, there is just one thing I'd like to clear up. Please don't shoot rockets at people or use any other weapons or counter measures without asking me first. Unless, of course, you are responding to a threat I haven't noticed or wouldn't have time to discuss," I finished as an afterthought.
"Acknowledged," Samantha replied in a slightly wounded tone.
"Oh, and Sam,” I said, "great shot."
"Thank you Mr. Aingeal," Samantha responded, obviously bristling with pride.
Ok, I had a moody female for a car that might slam us both into a bus if I wasn't polite and a vampire in the passenger seat. Speaking of vampires... "Bel, how is it that the sunlight doesn't affect you?" I asked. I had relaxed enough, despite recent explosions, to address the vampire issue.
"It does, silly," she replied in her normal manner. "That's why I had to put you down earlier." Now that I thought about it, there had been no direct sunlight before the point in the foyer where Belinde had set me down. Mental note, arguments with Bel should happen outside at high noon.
"I thought vampires burst into flames when they met direct sunlight?" I more asked than stated.
"I'm a succubus, Declan. There is a difference," Belinde responded with a wounded tone.
"I really don't think I'm seeing the point," I said. "I'm sorry."
We rode in silence for a few minutes before Bel decided to speak. "Vampire and Succubae are different like horses and dogs are different," she began. "To say I'm a vampire is the same as me saying you're like a dolphin; just because you're both mammals doesn't mean you’ll have legs or flippers."
"But you both drink blood," I stated quickly.
"Succubae need very little blood," she reminded me. "It's not so much the blood that we want anyway." I remembered stories about Succubae from the monster phase I went through as a kid. That would be the phase between dinosaurs and science fiction. I remembered quite clearly that a succubus would suck the life from men as they slept. That was the main ingredient in every tale.
"So you don't suck the life out of men while they sleep?" I asked meekly, as we had entered the suburbs and a large strip of trees was blocking any direct sunlight.
"It's not ‘asleep’. God, that part is always wrong!" Belinde attempted to cross her arms over her chest then gave up and crossed them under her ample breasts with an even more aggravated expression and actually stomped her pretty little foot slightly. I had a hard enough time trying to figure out what was going through the mind of a woman. I wasn't about to even try with a woman that was also a vampire, sorry, 'succubus' I mentally reproached myself.
Bel didn't speak to me for the rest of the ride but she also didn't beat me to a pulp, break my neck or drain me dry so I had to figure I was breaking even. We were nearing our destination and I was feeling a flutter of excitement. Belinde was still pouting and had somehow managed to cross her arms over her chest. 
Pouting like this was a very different device when Belinde employed it as opposed to most others. Her full, pouty rosebud lips couldn't have been designed better for the purpose and when she crossed her arms over her exquisite cleavage, she denied any clear view of that magnificently sculpted area of her anatomy. I wouldn't doubt that most men would trip all over themselves to make her happy again, just so long as she uncrossed her arms again. I had a number of other things on my mind at the moment however and I had built up considerable immunity by working with the sexy little vampire. I was also still nursing a teeny tiny grudge against her for the past five months.
My H.U.D. was indicating that I had reached my destination. I pulled to a stop outside a very imposing set of wrought-iron gates. I could see what looked like a four-car garage attached at the right hand side of a very large and stately home. Its architecture definitely dwarfed the surrounding homes in the area. "This must be ‘The Estate,’" I said in general. "Do we ram the gates or is someone going to let us in?" I asked, again in general and as much to myself.
"I can open the gates if you wish, Mr. Aingeal," Samantha offered.
"Don't tell me, these gates fall into roughly the same category as countermeasures?" I asked, only to be rewarded with silence. "Ok,” I said, "you can tell me now."
"You are correct, Mr. Aingeal," Samantha answered. This was becoming tiresome very quickly.
"Sam, call me Declan,” I said. “Open the gate. Please try to keep in mind that I'm new to this and have no idea what's going on."
"Very well Declan," Sam replied, once again using her curt tone. I really was going to have to be careful about upsetting her or she might slam us both into more than a bus some day.
I pulled forward as the gates opened. I marveling at the beautiful front yard, its landscaping so textured and sprawling that grounds would be a more apt description. I really and truly hoped that this wasn't some kind of sick joke my brain was playing on me as I bled out on crosswalk with the remnants of a meatball sandwich clutched in my hand. If I got to drive this car and live in this place until the end came, I would consider it a solid deal I thought as the garage doors opened at my approach. There were a couple very nice cars parked in the garage beside a beastly looking relative of the Hummer.
I took the one open stall, hoping that I wasn't stealing someone's spot. Before I shut the engine off I said, "Thanks for taking care of us, Sam."
"You're welcome, Declan," Samantha replied, sounding suitably mollified. With that I shut the car off and grabbed my bag from the back seat. Walking around the car, I noticed that Belinde hadn't opened her door. I opened the passenger door and Bel put her hand out to me. She had obviously enjoyed the ride in the expensive car and now wanted me to play the part.
I was actually impressed that Bel could ooze 'regal' the way she did but then again I was also impressed by the fact that she could pick me up like a bad puppy. I'd play nice but I still wasn't about to fall asleep with her in the same room. She had her arm in mine the way she tended to favor as we walked toward the more welcoming of the two doors at the back of the garage. It turned out that we had made the right choice as the door opened into a small foyer that adjoined the main foyer. The place was spotless but somehow skipping around in my sock feet didn't feel right so I gave my shoes a few good wipes on the mat and led Belinde forward. I wasn't surprised to see that Wellington had beaten us here. 
Chapter 3
"Ahh, Mr. Aingeal, you've made good time," Wellington said with a brief but polite nod to Belinde. "Please follow me this way," he indicated with his hand, palm turned upward. "We have a few formalities to conclude before orientation, and possibly a light meal before the ceremony tonight." I desperately wanted to ask Wellington what this 'ceremony' was all about, but I was quickly sidetracked by the majesty of the place. 
We passed a huge set of tall wooden doors that stood open to reveal what looked like a gigantic ballroom. The tile and carpeting alone were probably worth more than my apartment and there were paintings on the walls that looked like actual masterpieces. My father always used to say that if something seemed too good to be true, it usually was. I tried to keep my lack of enthusiasm in check as I followed Wellington through the first floor into the heart of the building. Belinde was still holding my arm and looked about ready to burst with happiness and satisfaction,.
After showing us the ballroom, Wellington brought us past what appeared to be a sitting room and a den that I rather liked. He led us into a kitchen which was a massive affair looking perfectly suited to a staff capable of feeding a group the size of a small army. Large orders of food would be needed to feed a party held in the large ballroom we had passed on the way in and would obviously require a kitchen this size. Still, it was bloody massive! 
Wellington led us to an area in the kitchen that looked a little more rustic and quaint. He gestured to a table and said. "This is the area commonly referred to as the cook's table or the chef's table. It's a traditional space in any manor and a place I find quite calming on a rainy day for slight repast or cup of tea. I believe you'll find it to your liking. Over here,” he turned left and gestured to the door he was opening, "is the larder. As is the case with many of the conveniences provided by the Elders, your larder will never run empty as it follows the same basic principles as the legendary horn of plenty."
"Hold on,” I asked, "are you actually saying that if we were to start pulling food out of the pantry, we would never be able to empty it?"
"Well,” Wellington replied, "I am saying that of course, but the more important point of interest is that every item of food has been blessed. You will not find such a quality of nutrients or sustenance anywhere mortals usually tread."
Now this I had to check out I thought as I walked into the 'Larder' as Wellington put it, careful not to brush my bloody jacket sleeve against anything. There were links of savory smelling sausage, smoked hams, hanging pheasants, ducks, fish and every manner of vegetable I could think of as well as a few I couldn't identify. There were sacks of coffee beans, tea and various types of bread. I could see sacks of flour and sugar, together with other bags probably full of rice and beans. 
The pantry alone was like a chef's Disneyland. I could have poked around for much longer and enjoyed every minute but I was practically frantic to see more of my new digs. They could stick me out in the garden shed for all I cared, as long as I could come back here for breakfast. I had seen the basket of farm fresh eggs and wouldn't be forgetting those before tomorrow morning.
Back in the same hallway outside the kitchen, Wellington led us to a changing area where I was instructed to take off my clothes behind a changing screen. "Please forgive my saying so, Mr. Aingeal, but it would be inappropriate to have you wandering around covered in blood until this evening." I felt a little odd about being asked to undress, but was actually happy to get out of my gory clothing. It wasn't like I was in plain view of anyone. Belinde was waiting on a bench just inside the door and I could see Wellington's silhouette gesturing through the dressing blind as he directed me.
"Please stand on the metal plate behind you and place your hands on the two upright bars to either side,” Wellington instructed. I smiled as I thought of Austin Powers in that old movie, being unfrozen and taken through the shower on a conveyor belt. Although that didn't happen, a series of fine blue beams appeared from above and below me and played about my body for a few moments. 
I was then directed through a doorway behind the plate where I found modern shower facilities. They were modern, but looked like something you might find in the Playboy Mansion. I had a quick shower and toweled off. It was a bit of a let down not to have some strange space age sonic shower or the like. I was obviously becoming used to the wonders of this place. 
Fresh undergarments had been laid out on a dressing chair to the right of the sink and mirrors. Assuming that they were for me, I donned them and returned through the door I had entered. Near the dressing blind, there was a suit waiting for me on a hanger and wooden half mannequin. This was too much. I was starting to believe that the ceremony might not be a blood sacrifice with me as the guest of honor, which was a good thing. I was also starting to think that someone might soon be expecting far more from me than I could deliver. 
After dressing and rejoining Wellington and Bel, we continued down the hallway. 'Damn this place is big', I thought. We walked until we came to a set of intricately carved wood paneled doors which Wellington opened and led us through. The doors seemed to serve no other purpose than separating a length of hallway. Within moments, we came to a set of double glass doors which framed a rather impressive pool complete with two diving boards. Wellington led us inside with his patently efficient manner.
"To your right, you will notice the women's changing rooms." Once again he was gesturing with his hand, palm upward like a French concierge. "At the back of the pool by the waterfall, you will notice the solarium with its patio tables." Belinde, save a little squeak of delight for the solarium, had remained silent. 
"This is where I take my tea on rainy days, although there is a quaint gazebo at the rear of the grounds that is also a wonderful spot for reflection should the weather be clement." Wellington continued remarking on the facilities features. "To the left, near those doors we’ve just passed, are the men's changing rooms and shower facilities," he concluded with his customary hand gesture.
Wellington again led us out to the hallway where our path took a ninety-degree right turn. A few strides further in this direction brought us to a door that reminded me of the standard film noir door to a private detective's office in old movies. It had the non-assuming word 'Clerical' stenciled at eye level on the upper glass half of the door. Inside there was a waiting room that looked like it should belong in a successful law office circa 1920 London England. A very proper looking lady, who smiled at us as we entered, staffed the reception desk.
"Merrill," our guide began, "I would like you to meet Mr. Declan Aingeal and his retainer, Miss Belinde Dagmar." Before Wellington had finished the introductions, Merrill stood and came around the side of her desk with a smile and a hand outstretched in greeting. 
We shook hands as Merrill said, "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Aingeal." She turned and took Bel's hand warmly. "Miss Dagmar, I must admit I was quite excited when I heard Mr. Aingeal's retainer was Vampire."
"Succubae," Belinde corrected, this time without any ire or pouting. Merrill flashed a very mischievous glance in my direction. Belinde’s new friend finished her enthusiastic handshake and gave Bel's shoulder a quick squeeze.
"Merrill, would you please be so kind as to take over the orientation for Miss Dagmar while I finish up with Mr. Aingeal?" Wellington asked officially.
"I'd be delighted to," Merrill replied as she linked arms with Belinde to usher her out the door we had entered. Belinde glanced back over her shoulder just before the door closed and gave me a wink of encouragement.
"This way, if you please Mr. Aingeal." Wellington indicated a large oak door at the back of the reception area. As we drew closer to the door I noticed that it must have been polished and oiled well over a thousand times. The door practically glowed with a life of its own. 
Something about this place was nagging at me and I couldn't put a finger on it. By all appearances, bits and pieces from many different buildings had been grafted together like an architectural version of Frankenstein's monster. There were a great many things about this place that didn't seem to make sense. Operations or ‘The Estate’ seemed a lot bigger on the inside than it had looked from the outside. There were a lot of different aspects that seemed to have been uprooted from other times as well. The overall effect was at once unsettling and enchanting.
Wellington indicated for me to proceed as he opened the door for me and once again I entered a space that seemed to occupy a different time and place. "Please have a seat, Mr. Aingeal. The formalities should only take a few moments and then I'm sure you must have a number of questions that you would like answered." Wellington rested a hand on the back of a wood and leather chair that would have looked at home in an English gentleman's club. 
Once I was sitting, he slid around his desk in fluid economical movements before pulling a burgundy folder with leather corners from a drawer. Wellington placed the folder on the center of his desk, his movements showing a practiced manner. Retrieving a small expensive looking leather case from the same drawer, he sat and placed the case in front of me at the edge of the desk and finally took his seat. "Mr. Aingeal," he began.
"Please, call me Declan," I replied.
"Of course, Mr. Aingeal." Wellington cleared his throat behind a fist before continuing. "In this world, Mr. Aingeal, there are rules and formalities." He looked directly into my eyes before continuing. "Mr. Pittacus had chosen you, some time before the events of today, to be cultivated as his replacement. Romeo had served steadfast and devoutly for many years but was growing weary of the burden of service. He had wanted to retire soon, which necessitated making contact with you today. Had events not taken a tragic turn, your transition would have been subtle and far more comfortable."
Wellington was obviously troubled, and it finally dawned on me that the two had probably worked together for twenty years or more. Wellington had lost a friend today and I had been insensitive to that fact. "You two were close, weren't you?" Wellington only nodded. 
"How long did the two of you work together?" I asked.
"Romeo brought me into service one hundred and forty one years ago when we became partners." I was about to ask what the two had done as a team when I realized that Wellington had meant 'partners' in the politically correct sense of the word. I inhaled sharply as I realized what a dunce I was. Wellington, whose gaze had drifted down to his hands crossed above the folder, suddenly looked up.
"I'm very sorry for your loss. You two were obviously planning on retiring together?" I asked.
"Yes,” Wellington replied, "but I now believe I will stay on, at least until the present crisis has been dealt with."
"I don't know what to say," I said, not having the slightest idea how to be of any comfort. The shock must not have even worn off for him yet and he was stuck babysitting me.
"There is some embarrassment and shame at how rudely you've been thrust into this position, Mr. Aingeal." With that, Wellington indicated the leather case in front of me and opened the folder that he had placed on his desk earlier.
Removing all but one document from the folder before handing it to me, Wellington gestured to the small leather case again. I picked up the case and opened it to find an ornate fountain pen with the symbol of a dagger embossed along its length. "You'll notice that the end cap opposite the nib opens," Wellington offered. True enough, I found that the end cap of the pen rotated open to expose a short stubby needle. "Go ahead Mr. Aingeal," Wellington said in a slightly chiding but professional voice as he made a clicking motion with his thumb. "You look more than stout and hale enough to survive a little prick."
"You have no idea how much pain the last little prick I encountered put me through," I said, but made a quick clicking motion with my thumb to pierce the skin. The pen issued a short pneumatic hiss followed by a click.
Wellington nodded with approval and indicated the form in front of me. "Here we have a standard agreement of confidentiality, though the penalty may be a bit stronger than you would expect," he finished as I signed the document. The penalty Wellington mentioned was clearly listed as 'Immediate termination.' As a claims adjustor myself, I was amazed at the lack of fine print in the contract.
"How so?" I asked.
"The penalty for purposeful indiscretion is death of course," Wellington provided.
"What?" I blurted, realizing I had already signed the bottom of the agreement in my own blood. I had thought 'Immediate termination' meant fired and kicked out the front door without a chance to clean out my desk.
"Would you ever consider purposefully betraying those who have given you their trust, a better option in life, and near immortality for no reason other than your own personal gain?" Wellington asked sternly.
"Of course not!" I snapped, in my defense.
Wellington pointed at my signature, a hand gesture I hadn't yet seen him use, and said, "Then there should be no dismay at standing behind your word." I breathed a sigh of relief. This guy obviously didn't know my father. No one in my family would ever betray a trust. It was even the family friggin' motto. I couldn't actually say the family motto in proper Gaelic as it was an awful lot of vowels and a few consonants that meant roughly 'Choose a messy death over betrayal'.
"Now that the hard part is over and done with, we have a few more forms for you to sign," Wellington said as he handed me a second form. "This form pertains to the handling and disposition of sensitive goods and artifacts."
"Could you break that down for me?" I asked.
"A number of artifacts at your disposal are, to be quite frank, legendary. A number of these artifacts were created solely for the facilitation of your role. The Estate’s larder is one such artifact." Wellington betrayed his thoughts with a slight smirk as he spoke. "Though it is doubtful you could ever misplace, sell or give away the larder itself, you might be tempted to part with any of the smaller less architecturally attached pieces."
"Wellington, did you just crack a joke?" I asked as I signed the form, which I figured meant I could kiss my ass goodbye if I lost, sold or traded any of the toys from The Estate.
"Anything is possible, sir," Wellington replied as he handed me the next form.
Form after form followed until I actually had to refill the pen, which I did as nonchalantly as possible, thereby robbing Wellington of the chance to tease me again. Just after refilling the pen, I was handed another form, but unlike the past dozen forms, it had nothing to do with visitors or social events. It pertained to entities. "I'm going to need you to break this down for me, Wellington," I admitted.
"Of course, sir," he replied. "This form pertains to your treatment of non-corporal beings. Many of the more intricate and larger devices you may find about The Estate and use in service are housing the living remnants, soul or complete non-corporal body of people, beings or entities that are serving out contractual obligations to them." The prim Englishman paused only for a brief breath before continuing. "Some have volunteered service and are serving for an indefinite period to further the cause of maintaining balance."
"Would that be why my car gets pouty when I'm not polite?" I interrupted to ask.
"I would expect so, Sir," he smiled briefly, with a touch of sadness. "She's new," Wellington said with a look of regret. I didn't press the issue. 
I signed the form, even though I felt that it was a waste of time. There was no way in hell I would treat anyone badly that was loyal to the point of serving past the grave, even if they were only making my toast. The fact that there were at least a few souls that believed enough in what was going on here to serve after death was impressive and spoke well of my new employers. But, after death? Seriously, what was this place and what had I gotten myself into?
One last form remained in Wellington's hand. "This form indemnifies you from necessary sin committed in the line of duty. However, I would like you to listen closely to me for a moment before you sign." Wellington paused for a moment to let the seriousness of the situation sink in. "Being able to act without the responsibility and weight of your actions looming over your head changes you. There may be times during your service to the Elders where you may have to commit necessary evil. Should you sign this form you will be indemnified, protected as it were, from the weight of those sins committed in the line of duty.” Wellington looked into my eyes before he finished speaking. “You are not obligated to sign this form. The choice is yours," he concluded with appropriate gravity.
'Ok,' I thought, 'this is some heavy shit.' I stood up and paced the floor for a full two minutes. Wellington followed my pacing with his eyes but said nothing. Finally I turned to Wellington and said, "I think that form is bogus." I pointed at the paper in Wellington's hand and continued, "I don't believe it's a sin to put a rocket into a car full of murderers. I'd do it again if I were ever put in the same position, but there is no way I want to become the kind of guy who gets used to killing without my conscience being part of the equation. If I sign that form, I might become my own worst nightmare."
I stood with my fists on my hips staring at the floor for a few seconds. The thought of being licensed to kill was one thing, being morally excused though was really quite frightening. "I don't believe these Elders you refer to have the power to negate sin when they choose, but even if they did, I'm not signing it.” 
With a measurably proud smile, Wellington tore the form in half and neatly folded the two halves. I was beginning to think I might be working for some secret branch of the government. If so, the government had a lot more power than I had ever believed.
"Thank you Mr. Aingeal. Our business is concluded," he said as he stood from where he had been sitting on the corner of his desk. "Oh, when I say Elders," Wellington paused and locked eyes with me before continuing, "you do understand that I am referring to practically the entire pantheon of elder gods?" 
At which point I immediately passed out. 
I came to on the floor feeling confused, overwhelmed and ashamed. Wellington was beside me on one knee fanning my face with the remnants of the form he had torn in half just a few moments ago. 'Oh shit,' I berated myself internally, 'right after that super cool and manly speech, I passed out like a girl at a rave. Shoot me now.' I could tell by the look on Wellington's face that I was never going to live this down. Then the reason I had fainted in the first place came back to me. 
"So, the Gods are actually real?" I asked, trying desperately to feign a casual air. I wasn't about to admit that I had suspected a secret branch of the government.
"Oh quite real I assure you. And we refer to them as the Elder Gods or the Elders." I felt like a hole had been blasted through my head.
"What about ‘God’ God?" I asked as Wellington winced.
"I'm afraid the Christian god isn't doing very well," he admitted.
"What do you mean not doing very well?" This was going to be something I wouldn't be sharing with dad, I could tell.
"Have you heard of the commandment not to 'take the name of the Lord thy God in vain'?" Wellington asked.
"Of course," I replied.
"Well, the common man isn't privy to the knowledge of the effect this practice has on a deity of any kind."
I obviously looked puzzled enough that Wellington felt further explanation was necessary. "Let me ask you this, Mr. Aingeal, how would you feel if everyone you knew wanted to talk to you at once, half of them also asking for favors while the other half are complaining?" I shook my head knowing it would be hell. "Now imagine that you could never shut the voices off and were forced to listen for thousands of years." The very thought made my eyes bug out.
"He's had a nervous breakdown,” I said flatly, feeling partially responsible, "or he's gone insane,” I said, feeling worse. Wellington nodded gravely.
A lot of things were starting to make sense. I was still feeling like a fish out of water, but I felt better knowing a little more about what I had gotten myself into. "The Christian God, you must understand, was fiercely devoted to humanity," Wellington shared. "He, for lack of a better designation, let things get out of control the first time and was forced to take drastic measures. That was when the current trouble started," Wellington finished.
"The first time?" I asked.
"The flood, of course," Wellington answered, shrugging a single shoulder.
"So it really happened?" I asked.
"Oh it most assuredly did," he answered. "It was a protective reflex that cost him dearly. You see, the amount of power a god holds at any given time is a direct relation to the number of believers. When the Christian god passed judgment in an effort to save his sanity, not only was he greatly wounded but his power was greatly diminished.”
This was a lot to process. Most of the questions I had held earlier were no longer valid. I had about a thousand half formed questions and was desperately trying to put a few useful pieces together. "Wellington,” I asked, finally getting up off the floor and returning to the chair I had occupied earlier, "can you explain a bit about the Elder Gods? Maybe start with my basic role and work outward from there?" 
"Certainly," Wellington agreed. "The situation for both you and the Elders is at once simple and complicated. It is simple in the fact that by agreement, the Elders cannot take a physical hand in the business of mortals nor directly influence humanity." Wellington laid a finger across his upper lip for a moment in thought, then continued to speak. "To maintain balance, in the absence of a holy hand in earthly matters, an Adjustor must come into play so as to prevent a breach of the contractual agreement between the consortium of Elder Gods and the Christian god. You have become their instrument on earth so to speak. There are a number of adjustors operating in this world at any given time.” Wellington paused and smiled as I stared at him slack jawed. “Each adjustor is responsible for his or her region but may be called on to assist another adjustor."
"What are we responsible for?" I asked. "I mean, the specific duties are still a mystery. I'm called an Adjustor so do I go around adjusting things, situations, people...?" 
Wellington quirked a brief smile and answered. "You are like a messenger for the Gods, as well as a handyman and a delivery boy. There may be times where and when you are called upon to be a champion as well, in every sense of the word," Wellington stated in a fatherly tone.
"You mean to fight, actual toe to toe?" I asked.
"At the very least" Wellington commented dryly.
"I still don't understand why the Elder Gods are involved. Weren't they unseated by God?" I asked, wishing I knew a better name for the god of my upbringing. Using just 'God' was starting to seem inaccurate and inappropriate.
"There are still a few things that we mere mortals are not meant to know," Wellington said with obvious mirth. "The theory held by many of us here at Operations, and amongst many stationed at affiliated estates, is that they are all part of one family. Imagine if you will, the father who opens a family business in the hope that he could watch his children prosper. Now imagine the problems that often arise when a father sees his children conducting themselves and their business contrary to his plan."
"Dad steps in and takes over," I offered. 
"Exactly,” Wellington commented with approval. "We believe in this case, that the children have come back to the family business in familial support of dear old dad," Wellington ended with a chuckle. "Of course,” he added as an afterthought, "there is always an undesirable element in any family." That last statement working quite well in tempering any levity.
Wellington, who had moved back to his perch on the corner of his desk, rose and gestured for me to follow. "There are a few people I would like you to meet before dinner. I do believe it's time you met the Armourer," he said briskly with a wink of enthusiasm.
"Wellington," I said as I followed him out the door to the reception area, "I can't believe you're so composed after what you've been through today." Wellington paused at the door before Merrill's desk and his shoulders slumped slightly. I suddenly regretted saying anything.
He was quiet for a moment and then with a long sigh he admitted, "I was a mess after it happened, devastated, positively gutted. I wanted blood. I wanted to join Romeo in death." He cleared his throat twice before continuing. "Fortunately, here on The Estate we have a suite that has been specially constructed through the combined efforts of a number of the Elders. That suite is insulated against the passage of time in this plane. Fortunately, our dear Merrill had the presence of mind to usher me there within moments of receiving the news." A slight shudder ran through his frame as he paused for breath.
"The demands of this office upon the mortal frame can often be great. Many of us here at The Estate use the ‘Summer Suite” on a regular basis." He looked almost embarrassed for a moment, and then added, "I wasn't being theatrical when I said I was devastated. I couldn't eat or sleep for days." The gravity of what Wellington had said took a moment to sink in.
"Days!" I blurted out in hushed excitement. "You can spend days in this room and come out the same day?"
"Rooms, Declan. It is a fully contained suite and easily one of the most important facilities this estate has to offer," Wellington said with apparent gravity.
"So it really has been days for you?" I asked.
"No,” Wellington replied with a wry smile, "it was days before I could sleep and a few more before I could eat. Merrill refused to leave my side for over a week in fear of what harm I might visit upon myself. It was over a month before I felt sane again and was able to continue my duties."
"Holy shit," I said, "I really have gone down the rabbit hole." Reaching up with a hand, I grasped my forehead in an effort to keep my head from exploding. If I had fallen down the rabbit hole and ended up in Wonderland, I could just convince myself I'd had a nervous breakdown and roll with it. What I was dealing with right now had far too much paperwork and normal mixed in to dismiss as a breakdown. Of course now, the curiosity was killing me and I had to find out more.
Wellington pulled a pocket watch from his vest pocket and consulted it briefly as we left the office and we strode down the hallway. With a satisfied nod, he replaced the watch in his pocket and looked at me to indicate an enthusiasm for our next stop.
"So I can use this suite if I'm ever bogged down, sort of sleep in or take a day off without actually being a slacker?" I asked.
"Of course,” Wellington agreed, "the primary function of the ‘Summer Suite” is to facilitate convalescence. Should you be injured or exhausted as is sometimes the case for those in the field, or should you simply desire an afternoon with a good book, the suite is at your disposal."
"Wellington, I'm really starting to like this place!" If this was insanity, I was buying the T-shirt! “Hey,” I said, coming to a complete stop as a thought finally dawned on me, “one hundred and forty years?” Wellington stopped and turned to me without speaking. “You really are a hundred and forty years old?” I asked.
“No,” Wellington replied, “I’ve been working for the Elders for one hundred and forty one years. I myself am closer to two hundred years of age.” Wellington smiled briefly and turned back in the direction we had been walking, leaving me to stumble after him once I had scooped my lower jaw up off the floor.
Stopping before a large and imposing set of double doors in an arched doorway, Wellington's face broke into a wide smile. It was the first time I had seen such an expression on the man, save the private joke he had shared with Belinde at my apartment. "This is the place where you get to feel all the staunch manliness you were lacking when you fainted in my office."
'Little bastard,' I thought. I knew he would have fun with that. I expected that was the first in a lengthy line of little digs I was going to receive from Wellington on the subject. I gently but firmly grasped Wellington's shoulder to force eye contact before he could open the doors
"Wellington,” I asked. "You're ok right? I mean, you've been babysitting me all day and I really appreciate it. I'm amazed actually. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I feel bad about what you've been through, and that on your first day back you have to babysit the new guy." I felt a bit foolish, but I really only knew one person in this new life and I was worried he might still snap at any moment.
"I no longer feel a desperate need to join Romeo, Mr. Aingeal, if that is what you imply. The blood though, that I will admit, I do greatly desire," Wellington said with an evil gleam in his eye.
I nodded the man to man nod that I hoped wouldn't be out of place for Wellington and said, "I'll make sure you get that chance." Strangely, Wellington returned my nod in fine fashion. I had just shared a moment with a gay man that was old enough to have babysat my great grandfather, and in the process made a new buddy. Yes, he was a buddy that was currently bloodthirsty and bent on revenge, but seeing as how he was the only one I had in this strange new place, I'd just have to make do.
Chapter 4
Wellington opened the doors with a solid push and let them swing wide as he strode through. "Mr. Aingeal, your new sandbox!" Wellington exclaimed with a flourish and obvious pride. There were racks and tables, shelves and stands, even pedestals covering an area larger than a tennis court that overflowed with weapons. There were swords, spears, shields, rockets, guns, rifles and pistols of every size and shape stocked beside crossbows, and in one case a spiked ball and chain beside a flamethrower. It looked like every video game enthusiast in the world had gotten together and built a place of worship.
In an effort not to say something stupid like ‘Uh, wow,’ I literally bit my lip for the count of ten. Wellington, who was smiling like the Cheshire cat, nodded toward the closest table. "Yeah," I said, "it's all fun and games until someone loses an eye." For the second time in less than a friggin' day I almost shat myself as a huge thunderous voice to my left boomed with laughter from the shadows. I whirled around to find a monstrous behemoth of a man in rough workers garb and a thick leather bib apron striding towards us.
I realized by Wellington's demeanor that there was no immediate threat but most of my muscle fibers were a bit uncertain. In fact, my mind and body were still in open debate as to whether or not running, shitting or screaming was the best plan. Then the mobile home sized man thrust a hand out in front of me and brightly said, "A pleasure to meet you."
"Hello Hagrid," I said as I reluctantly offered up one of my favorite hands for mutilation. The monster shook my hand firmly and, to my great relief, caused no apparent damage.
"I'm sorry?" the human wall said in a thunderous voice.
"No, no,” I said, "for a moment there I thought you were someone else." My God! The man was the biggest human I had ever seen! His hands were the size of dinner plates and as thick as phone books.
I couldn't see what the elders could possibly want from me that this mammoth couldn't do twice as well with a fraction of the effort.
"Mr. Aingeal, I would like you to meet Smith," Wellington said as Smith pumped my hand in friendly greeting.
"It's an honor to meet you, Smith,” I said with immense gratitude that my hand didn't become a pasty substance.
"Ya see Welly,” Smith said to Wellington as he pointed at my chest. "That there is a man who knows a Master when he sees one," Smith boasted as Wellington rolled his eyes. "Listen to the honesty in his voice," Smith said as Wellington harrumphed and rolled his eyes again.
"Declan is probably just tickled pink you weren't hungry," Wellington said, more accurately than he realized. I was obviously caught in the middle of some private joke but, as Smith released my hand, I had no doubt that man must be as skilled as a surgeon. To have hands with that much obvious crushing force and not elicit a single crunch or crack during our handshake was testament to that. 
Smith tilted his head back and boomed a quick burst of laughter before clapping a hand on my back and leading me into the heart of his domain. "Pay no mind to that jealous fop, my boy. Let's find you a suitable toy or two," Smith said with evident glee.
The equipment and weapons were looking more specific and expensive as we walked deeper through the maze of shelves, stands and tables. At one point I saw a low pedestal with a boulder the size of a smart car resting on it. It wasn't the boulder that caught my attention but the sword jutting out of it at a slight angle.
"Is that,” I began pointing at the sword, "the actual...?” before Smith cut me off.
"That she is, the grand lady herself, Excalibur," Smith chuckled. "She’s worth a pinch of shit if she doesn't go back in the rock every year or so for a few months recharge." 
“So,” I said, “the Legends of the Sword held a grain of truth? And Arthur really existed?"
"Arthur? Sure he did. He held your office for a number of years and placed the sword back in the stone with his dying breath. He was a fine man. He held true to the oaths and never let a single piece of his kit or gear fall into the wrong hands." Smith said reverently.
"Mr. Smith,” I began.
"Just Smith, boy. Don't need any more words or letters than that," he finished with a grunt.
"Does everybody here have just one name?" I asked as Wellington interposed himself quickly into the conversation.
"Many of us have lived a very long time, Declan. It is often a comfort to us not to be reminded of those we have left behind or our old lives. Near immortality is one of the blessings that comes with service but it can also be a burden for those who fate had not intended for such longevity." He cast a friendly glance at Smith and said playfully, "This mountainous brute has no such excuse. He is a demigod and cousin to Thor." He directed his voice to Smith and asked, "The ancient Nord's tongue had you as Shaper, then Hand of the Forge or some such if I'm not mistaken?"
"Aye,” Smith replied, "and if that's not a smith, then I'm a shoemaker." The massive man barked with laughter and threw a slight elbow jab to my shoulder that almost knocked me down.
Most of the explanations I had received so far had been a bit vague but I had a feeling Wellington was doing his best in the absence of the man who should have been grooming me for the position. What really had me mentally gasping for air was the fact that I was in the presence of a demigod. "So you are the cousin of Thor, the actual God of Thunder?" I asked. 
Smith took on the tired expression of someone related to a celebrity. "Yes, God of Thunder, Lightning, and the small spaces between matter and quantum entanglement; blah, blah, blah." I really wasn't good at ever saying the right thing.
"You're the guy behind everything though? The guy that makes the weapons that enabled all the heroic deeds. I mean without all this,” I said gesturing around, "Those legends wouldn't be very legendary would they? Just stories where mighty pushing and shoving happened, with maybe an insult or two and some hair pulling." 
Smith positively roared with laughter.
"You see Welly, the boy knows greatness when he sees it!" I mentally congratulated myself on a fantastic bit of verbal back pedaling. I wasn't above a bit of brown nosing if it kept people vastly larger than me from getting angry.
"His great and mightiness recently took the time to assist me with a few things," Smith said as he led me to a nearby table. "He loves to tinker, that one," Smith said regarding his cousin. "He'd not let on to just anyone, you know," the giant said to me with an air of conspiracy and a mischievous grin. "He's powerful excited about potential mass, virtual particles and the like. Not sure I understand it all myself but that doesn't mean I can't make something sharp with it, or a right fine toy what makes a big boom!" he finished with a mirthful roar. 
"Here, try this on for size," Smith said passing me a handsome silver ring with huge square cut sapphire set proudly amidst scrollwork depicting stags and lightning on one side and a hammer over shield on the other.
I could have slipped the ring over my thumb with no resistance. "This is way too big," I said but Smith only gestured for me to try it on. I did, if only to prove that the ring was far too large. Again Smith only gestured, then said to ‘give it a moment’. Presently, the ring began to shift in size suddenly becoming a perfect fit. "That's amazing!" I said. "What does it do?”
"Not much," Smith admitted. "Not without this,” he said as he handed me a stone and chain necklace. "This shouldn't be too noticeable under your shirt but for now it looks just fine,” he said as he leaned forward and hooked the clasp behind my neck.
"Ok, now what?" I asked.
Smith made a grasping motion and said, “Just reach behind your head and grab like this." 
That seemed easy enough. I was surprised to suddenly feel something back there. Both Wellington and Smith smiled at the look on my face. With as long as these two had been around, I figured they would be treating me like the new guy for a good ten or fifteen years. 
"Just pull," Smith said, making the motion he wanted from me. I did as I was instructed and I suddenly had a sword in my hand.
"That's going to be great at parties!" I said. I had no idea where the weapon had come from but I was beginning to think it had something to do with the fact that I had done an awful lot of walking in this place, a lot more than should have been possible for the apparent size of the building. "Had a little help from your cousin, I think," I said as I held Smith's gaze. "I think maybe he helped with a little building renovation as well."
"He's quick, Welly, I'll give you that." Smith boomed in his massive voice. Wellington looked proud. 
Maybe I wouldn't be the new guy for the next fifteen years. "Smith, tell me how this works," I asked.
"I would if I could boy," Smith sulked. "The truth is, I made the sword, I made the ring and the dandy's bauble you have around your neck, but Thor worked some of his craft on the stamps and tools I use for inscribing the symbols and runes that transcend." He rubbed his chin then continued, "He's always on about space, not the space in the heavens mind you, but the space between things." 
Smith looked embarrassed as he continued, "He wasn't always like this, but eighty or ninety years ago he started hanging around these thinker types and suddenly nothing was solid anymore. There was space in between the little bits of dust that make a diamond and there was space in between the layers of metal that I pound into swords!" The massive man wore a look of indignation as he spoke.
"When I forge a blade, there is no space in between the layers of metal! That's why I pound the metal when it’s hot, that's why the metal is purified in the forge." He shook his head in disgust. "I'll say this for him though, he can wrangle space like I wrangle metal. The way he explains it, there is space in between space or space that can lead to other spaces.” Smith grunted again with the mental discomfort. “All I know is that the symbols I stamp on the blade and set in the stones hold the blade in one of those other spaces. As the ring comes close to any of the stones on that necklace the blade is drawn into this space," Smith finished as he pointed to one of the slightly curved bluish gray rectangular ingots, each the same and joined to the next by three rows of silver chain. Each of the rows was comprised of three flattened links. It was a beautiful design that I knew would sell for a lot if it were on display in a jewelry store.
"How do I put it away?" I asked as the thought of trying to sheath that much razor sharp steel behind my neck gave me an involuntary shiver.
"You don't," Smith replied. "It's set in the other space like the lady here is set in that rock," he said as he flicked a thumb towards the sword in the stone. "Just drop it,” he said bluntly. 
I looked down at the stone floor and winced as I let go of the blade. I was expecting the beautiful edge to be ruined by the stone floor but I didn't hear a clatter. Opening one eye I looked down at the floor and saw nothing. I looked up at Smith and saw him recreating the gesture of drawing the sword as he said, "Try again." 
Remembering that he had said the sword was drawn as the ring came close to any of the stones I decided to draw the sword from my chest and it worked. I tossed the sword into the air but the moment it left my hand it was gone. I found I was able to repeat the process as quickly as I could bring my hand back to within three or four inches of the necklace.
A thought occurred to me, "Smith, could this technology be applied to other weapons?" I asked, "Maybe something with a little more range?"
"I don't see why not," he answered. "You see the crest on the crosspiece?" he said as he pointed to a sapphire that matched the one on my ring. I noticed for the first time that it was placed in the center of a shield or coat of arms that showed two crossed hammers of different types and a lightning bolt over a stag. As I was admiring the craftsmanship Smith said, "As long as we can attach one of those to it, it'll work just the same.” 
I nodded, slightly lost in thought. "Could I wear more than one set of these stones, such as a ring on the other hand and a belt that worked like the necklace?" I asked. 
Smith beamed with approval. "Aye! I'll bet you have the beginnings of a fine plan in there," he said as he tapped my head with a finger.
"We'll see," I said, "but for now, I'd like to see more toys."
Smith clapped a meaty hand over my shoulder and steered me toward another table. Off to the side of some work supplies and the remains of what looked like lunch for five, was a platinum egg about two feet tall. The way the egg stood out had me thinking it must be the next item on the agenda. For the life of me I didn't know what might come out of it when it hatched but if I were to bet, I'd say a dragon.
Smith walked over to the egg and knocked on it. "Wake up ya lay-about," he boomed gently with a smile as he knocked once more. A moment later a pair of eyes opened in the top third of the egg, blinked a couple of times at Smith, then glanced at Wellington and I in turn. Smith knocked on the egg again and suddenly a pair of feet sprang from the bottom of the egg, followed by a pair of wings.
"Bubo!" I yelled with enthusiasm. 
Smith buried his face in his hands and Wellington actually laughed. "Declan, the mechanical owl from film and television is and was only fictional," Wellington said with barely contained mirth.
"Sorry," I said, "I thought Athena commanded Hephaestus to build the mechanical owl for Perseus." I looked and Wellington and Smith with a little embarrassment. “You have to admit he looks a bit like Bubo," I said with a slightly sulking tone. I was glad I hadn't said what first came to mind.
Smith rubbed the top of the egg, as it still was egg shaped and said, "There's a good boy." Suddenly the egg started to transform into a dog. "He was supposed to be a weapon, a guardian...” Smith trailed off. 
Wellington came over and patted Smith on the back. Smith looked at me and said, "‘Haphy’ never built a damned thing after he had me to work for him. Anything he ever needed made was begged, borrowed or stolen from me. The grand barrister herself was responsible for two owls, after a fashion."
Smith picked up the egg/dog and sat it on the floor before turning back to me. "The first,” he said, "was an ancient mariners sextant she asked me to craft. I made one with two lenses that looked like an owl staring at you from its box. The second was not her fault really." He stared down at his misbegotten creation fondly yet sadly. "She had that damned owl with her when she came to visit one day. It just so happened to be the day I finished this little guy,” Smith reflected sadly. “The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was that owl and he hasn't left the image behind for more than a few moments ever since."
"I'll take it," I said. I had a hunch that there was a lot more to that egg than first met the eye, but I wasn't about to say anything. "Now, I'd like a kick ass gun before the next black car shows up," I said, remembering my brush with mortality from a lifetime ago or a couple of hours, depending on the point of view.
"Those I have!" Smith said with gusto and once again shepherded me towards a new section of the armory. "You don't want none o' them guns out front," he said, stopping in front of a more modern looking rack with a selection of eccentric looking weapons on it. I picked up a compact looking rifle that reminded me of a British Bulldog.
I was drawn to it, not only because of the way it looked with its sheen of polished molybdenum, but because of a hunch I had when I spotted the engravings I saw covering various parts of the weapon. The horn of plenty engraved over the magazine housing was a dead giveaway. I had another hunch about this weapon, much like I did on the dragon's egg. If I was right on either one of those hunches, I'd have everything I needed to handle another SUV full of scumbags.
I had taken a step back to face Smith and was asking a few general questions about the weapon I was holding when I noticed the surprised expressions on both his and Wellington's faces. Then I felt something brush my leg. Looking down I noticed a platinum colored dragon nuzzling the back of my leg. The egg had decided to take on a different form it seemed. Oddly, this dragon form looked a lot like a statue I had been given as a birthday gift in my late teens. As I pictured the shades of midnight blue and deep amethyst that had colored its scales, the little dragon mulling around my knees began to take on those hues.
At first I thought it was a trick of my memory but Smith gasped openly and started wringing his hands. A strange sight for someone as large and dangerous looking as he was. "He's imprinted!" Smith hissed in a stage whisper. I couldn't conceive of Smith doing anything quietly. 
Wellington stepped beside Smith and reached a hand up to rest it on the giant's arm, "Your honor has been restored it seems. Not a single failure in a final piece”. 
Smith was beaming with happiness. Watching the two men, I realized that somehow I had just made another buddy. Smith cleared his throat and clapped his hands together to control his emotions. Still looking like a proud father, he rubbed his hands together briskly and directed his attention towards the bulldog in my hands. "Now that there is a fine gun and when I say gun, I mean gun." 
I looked quizzically at Smith with a raised eyebrow. Noticing my expression, Smith offered an explanation. "You see,” he said, "you got yer pistols, you got yer rifles and you got yer guns like the big buggers on battleships and such." He smiled broadly and pointed at the weapon in my hands, "That, my boy, is a gun." 
I quickly checked to make sure my finger was nowhere near the trigger, which made Smith chuckle. Examining the engravings on the weapon, with Wellington peering over my shoulder, I listened to Smith's explanation of its various features. 
"I’m guessing that the horn here on the side probably means I'll never have to reload it?" I asked, pointing to the glyph with a finger as I tilted the weapon towards Smith. 
"Exactly,” Smith replied, "and the arrow on the upper barrel assists in aim for the standard rounds while the bolt on the bottom barrel powers the big rounds." I would have loved the chance to put a couple of those big rounds into a certain black SUV earlier today. 
"Why is this eye here?" I asked, indicating the depiction of an Egyptian style engraving of an eye on the top of the weapon. It seemed more than obvious that I was looking at the rear sight. I figured it must have some other meaning since anyone that needed that much directional prompting to use this weapon would probably do more damage to themselves than the enemy.
"That's for the sight," Smith said bluntly. I just laughed. Wellington and Smith looked at me in a puzzled fashion.
"Seriously,” I asked, “neither of you see the problem in handing a weapon this powerful to someone that doesn't already know the basics?" I laughed again. "Look this way and make sure the bad guys are in front," I said in a comical voice. I was giggling now. 
Wellington sighed. "Try looking down the sight, Mr. Aingeal," Wellington said smoothly.
"Ok,” I replied. I held the stock to my cheek the way my father had taught me many years ago and sighted down the barrel.
There was no mistaking that they were a finely crafted set of sights, reminiscent of some of the better setups I'd seen in quality first person shooter games, with the exception that they were obviously more intuitive. "Ok,” I said. "These are obviously the finest set of sights I've seen on a weapon but I think I'm missing the point."
"Try again,” Smith offered. With a shrug I brought the weapon up to ready again and sighted down the barrel. "Now look further," he instructed.
I was looking at something that looked like a goatskin flask hanging from a hook on a distant pillar. Look further huh? The moment I tried to pick out details on the flask it sprung into view as if it were hanging just a few feet in front of me. There was no scope yet the sights on the rifle weren't out of focus as they should have been. Still there was a small area in the center of my sight that was amplified and brought forward. I removed the glasses I had been wearing since I left my apartment, and hung them on my breast pocket.
Once again sighting down the barrel I experienced the same effect. It was amazing and undoubtedly not based on any earthly science I was aware of. I was still testing this magical marvel when a large simian face came around the same pillar. I almost pulled the trigger in fright before I realized the fully-grown silverback gorilla was wearing coveralls and must belong here. I lowered the weapon as Smith was reaching for it. He nodded in approval and released a sigh that could have blown out the candles on a half dozen birthday cakes.
"Angus!" Smith boomed. "Are you trying to get yourself shot lad?" The great ape hung his head in response and shuffled forward. Smith was shaking his head in mild disapproval and appeared as if he was trying not to smile. "Mr. Aingeal, I would like you to meet Angus. Once upon a time our Angus and his mates tried for a little sport with the wrong maiden. Didn't you lad?" he said reaching down to pat Angus on the shoulder. "That was a forgotten time,” Smith said, “but Athena has a long memory." 
Smith had steered Angus toward me and not knowing what else to do, I stuck out my hand and said, "Pleased to meet you, Angus."
Angus reached out and grasped my hand for a brief shake and replied, "Likewise."
 My eyes practically popped out of my head and once again everyone got a good chuckle at my expense. "Any more little surprises or helpful safety tips that you think maybe I should know? I'm not going to find out that the gardener is Frankenstein's monster or the cook is Mother Goose, am I?" I grumbled in question. This had the undesired effect of making them laugh harder. I almost laughed myself, but the fangs exposed when a fully grown silverback laughs tend to have a sobering effect.
Once the general mirth had been contained, I handed my new weapon to Smith and asked for a favor, "Smith, could you outfit this rifle like the sword? My idea was a ring for my left hand and a belt buckle. If possible, I would like the forward grip to serve like the handle of the sword," I asked pointing to the fore stock of the weapon I was mentally referring to as 'The Bulldog'.
"That I can do, aye," Smith said with a satisfied grin. I didn't know what I would be up against but I wanted to be prepared. I also didn't think I'd be performing most of my new duties in a suit.
"Smith, do you have any ballistic clothing?" I asked. Smith seemed slightly confused by the term. I reached down to my messenger bag and noticed it was gone. ‘Damn it, where did I leave that bag?’ I thought, looking around before continuing. "There is a product called Kevlar that is quite resistant to damage from knives and bullets," I said as I felt a nudge at the back of my leg and looked down. 
My little dragon sat on his haunches behind me with his tail making intricate undulating and flicking motions in the air at his back. The little blue dragon held the strap of my messenger bag in his mouth. "Now there's a good egg," I said gratefully, offering him a big smile and a pat on the head.
"You certainly do seem to have a way with people, Declan." Wellington said with a nostalgic smile. "And non-people, so to speak," he added. I patted the little blue dragon once more and stood fishing in my bag for my damaged phone. I finally located the phone and handed it to Smith.
"That round went through my bag and lodged in my phone. I would have taken that through a kidney if my phone had been in my pocket." Angus had come around my left and was poking his right index finger through the bullet hole in the flap of my bag and matching it to a second hole underneath that pierced the side of the bag.
Smith turned the phone over in his hands before pinching the mushroomed round between a thumb and forefinger and pulling it from the phone to inspect. "Mithral would stop a blade. You'd be bruised but you'd live. The problem here is that the shock from a heavy round would travel into your body," he said as he held the bullet he had plucked from the mortally wounded iPhone up to a squinted eye for inspection.
"Nice bag, Dr. Jones," Angus said, still mesmerized by my messenger bag. I hadn't actually noticed before but my messenger bag closely resembled the bag worn by the intrepid tomb raider from the Indiana Jones movies.
"You a movie buff, Angus?" I asked, as if having a pedestrian conversation with a gorilla about entertainment was an everyday thing.
"Oh, I love the pictures!" Angus answered enthusiastically.
"Have you seen 'Shawn of The Dead'?" I asked. 
"Loved it," he answered.
"Evolution? Dead and Breakfast?" I asked.
"I don't think so," he replied.
"You and I have a few movies to share soon my friend," I said enthusiastically.
"I'd like that," Angus said, obviously touched at the offer. Then, as if on cue, my new phone rang.
Stepping away from the group, I pulled the new phone from my pocket. The display confirmed my suspicion and I answered the call I had known would come. "Declan, it's your father." the voice on the other end informed me. 
"Yes, dad," I replied. There was no point in once again trying to explain to him that he was the only elderly person with a thick Irish brogue that ever called me. I glanced back to the group of interesting characters I was quickly making friends with. Wellington tapped an index finger to his lips with a warning expression, reminding me to keep my business confidential.
"I heard the news today,” my father drawled. “It seems you're getting yourself into trouble again," he said in his typically judgmental manner.
"Dad, I was trying to save a stranger from being run down. I didn't know he was being shot at." I had a feeling this was going to spiral downward into condemnation for not attending church on Sundays. "Hey dad, I'm just with some friends right now that are helping me get my shit together. How about I call you sometime soon?" I asked, hoping I could put an end to the call before my father got too nosey.
"Father Ferguson was asking about you at church this last Sunday. Will you be there this week?" he asked.
"I'll have to see dad. I have a lot to get done between now and then," I said, honestly hoping that he would be placated and turn his thoughts toward tea or something else. As per usual, I had to wait patiently while dad droned away about the news of the day. After once again assuring my father I wasn't mixed up in drugs, I was able to end the call.
Turning, I almost tripped over my little dragon. I was distracted as I usually was when getting off the phone with the old goat. "What are you up to, Egg?" I figured Egg would be a good name for my new friend. It may not be the most creative but as no one else had bothered to give him a name as yet, Egg would have to do. 
Egg looked up and trilled at me in a musical voice. "I'm ok, Egg. I was just talking to the old man," I said. The little dragon had probably picked up on my body language. I arched my back to try and rid myself of the inevitable tension that always crept into my body during phone conversations with Dad. In the process of stretching and turning, I noticed a table covered with sand.
"Smith,” I called, "do you have a small bag, leather or canvas? Anything thick will work?" Smith upended a small cotton bag full of biscuits onto his workbench and walked over.
"What is it?" he asked, handing me the bag.
"Do you mind if I use some of the sand on that table over there?" I asked.
"Not at all," he replied with a curious expression.
"I'll show you what I was thinking about," I said as I walked over to the sand covered worktable and started scooping handfuls of sand into the bag. Now and then I came across a chunk of slag metal or solder which I tossed aside. Within seconds, I had the bag a little less than two thirds full and knotted at the end. "Come over here for a second and press the center of this bag down."
"Certainly," Smith said as he stepped forward to comply. "It feels a lot like pressing a pouring mould," he said as he toyed with the bag of sand.
"Ok," I said as I picked up the sand bag to shake it slightly before setting it down again. "Now punch it, but not too hard as you may want to use this table again." Smith snickered and leaned forward to give the bag a little punch. This time instead of giving way slowly that bag froze in place with the impression of Smith's knuckles in its surface.
Smith clapped his hands together in delight. I could see the wheels turning in his head. "When you mentioned the shock of the bullet getting through the Mithral, I thought of this. I also thought about the strings of a guitar carrying the vibration through the whole instrument and the ripples on a pond,” I said, expecting that Smith could probably follow my thinking. He was, after all, half god.
Angus, who had been looking thoughtfully at the bag of sand, suddenly spoke. Honestly, this still freaked me out a bit, and I gave a slight start as he said, "Miss Merrill bought me a pillow like that from the television box." the gorilla finished shuffling slightly.
"Exact same principal, Angus," I said, happy to include him. I looked up at Smith to see him making a diamond shape with the thumb and index fingers of both hands. He was flexing the diamond shape open and closed over and over as he muttered to himself.
Wellington cleared his throat and we all looked up. Egg looked up and trilled at Wellington in question. The little dragon was growing on me very quickly. "We will need to be getting on if we wish to remain on schedule," Wellington said as he snapped his pocket watch closed for emphasis. 
Smith clamped a big meaty hand on my shoulder and said "Leave this with me, young sir. I'll have your fancy new gun ready for you by the morning. This ballistic clothing may take a little longer." 
I had to smile at the way Smith over-shaped the syllables in the word ballistic. "That would be awesome Smith. Thank you," I said gratefully.
With nods and smiles all around, Wellington and I headed for the door. Egg was trailing behind us, as Smith started explaining something to Angus. "Is it ok for Egg to come along?" I asked Wellington who sputtered a puff of laughter before containing himself.
"Yes of course, Declan, and the puppy eyes aren't necessary," he finished as he looked over the top of his glasses at me. I just shrugged and smiled. At least he wasn't going to start in about church.
"I happened to overhear part of your phone conversation," Wellington mentioned. "I apologize for the unintended intrusion," he added. 
I held up a hand briefly in dismissal. "Don't worry about it. My dad has a tendency to call at the worst possible times,” I said to assuage his worries.
"That isn't exactly the point," Wellington said. "You are now directly aligned with an elder god who may not look kindly upon you visiting a place of worship."
"Gotcha,” I said, mentally believing that I was starting to develop precognition.
Chapter 5
Wellington and I had just passed a large stone bust of some ancient Greek thinker on a wrought iron pedestal stand. I heard a slight clunking clang and suddenly the sound of Egg's scuffling little feet had turned into heavier footsteps. When I turned to check on Egg, he had grown significantly and was looking me in the eye from an even height. He averted his eyes and trilled sheepishly. Judging from his increased size, it appeared that Egg had somehow absorbed the priceless work of art and stand.
Wellington was resting his fingertips on his forehead. "I believe that was a bust of Zeus from Pompeii," he ended with a pained sigh. 
"Bad Egg,” I said. Egg hung his head like a chastened dog and crept back to the spot where I had last seen the bust. A moment later the bust was back in it place sans pedestal but none the worse for wear. Egg was slightly smaller and looked pleased with himself. Now that could come in very useful I thought but I was going to have to train my little friend it seemed and the sooner the better. There was no telling what trouble he might cause if he tried to absorb the wrong item or person. 
Wellington sighed in obvious relief, and continued, “This way, if you would, Sir." 
I looked back over my shoulder at Egg as Wellington led us down the hallway. "Don't do that again," I hissed quietly at him. Turns out dragons can make puppy eyes better than I can.
"I believe we have time to meet one more person before dinner," Wellington said. The look on his face indicating he was keeping something to himself.
After a few seconds of walking we reached another set of double doors. This time the doors looked more like loading bay doors. They were clean and unmarred but noticeably of a utility design. Wellington opened the nearest door and held it for Egg and I. 
We walked through the doorway, followed closely by Wellington, to find ourselves standing in a hybrid cross of a gym and a dojo. A bald muscular man in his late thirties or early forties was walking towards me. He was about my height but other than being in great shape, there was nothing that stood out about him. He didn't exude the power that the confusingly good-natured Smith did. As a matter of fact, he didn't exude anything.
"Declan Aingeal, I would like you to meet Coach," Wellington said formally. 
I stuck out my hand as the man approached. "Coach,” I said in greeting as we clasped hands. I had a brief moment to notice the iron grip of the man in front of me before landing a few feet away flat on my back.
"He's not prepared for the unexpected, Wellington. That's an instinct. I can't teach instincts." The coach grumbled as he shook Wellington's hand in a far less martial greeting. I was still picking myself up off the floor when a sudden clang drew everyone's attention. Coach turned to come face to face with an annoyed dragon that had suddenly tripled in size.
 'How are those instincts working out for you now, smartass?' I thought as I straightened my jacket and walked over to join the group with no further concern of the coach showing off or asserting dominance. Egg was still holding his prey at bay when I noticed a hook on the wall just inside the door. I walked calmly over to the hook knowing that Egg wasn't about to let the blow-hard take a single step in any direction. It took only a moment to remove my jacket and tie. My messenger bag was on the floor where I had landed. I wanted another shot at this guy and if my iPad was broken, he was in deep shit.
When I was a lot younger I had met an old man practicing T'ai Chi in the park by my house. I remembered how graceful and mysterious it had looked. I had spent a few minutes watching the man practice his forms each day for over a month as I made my way to school. Each day I had come a bit earlier to watch until I started arriving at the same time the old man did. Throughout the day and often while I was falling asleep at night, the movements would play over in my mind. Eventually I began acting out the forms in my room until the day came when I had the courage to follow the man through his practice.
Once, after getting my ass thoroughly kicked by a group of bullies, I missed a morning of practice. I was back the following day though, a bit stiff and worse for wear with a black eye and a split lip. The old man didn't say anything about my state. He did however start adding little movements at the end of every form. Sometimes it was a grab, sometimes a strike with elbow or a part of the hand. There were only two kicks and a couple of punches. 
Eventually I learned that the man was a Master of T'ai Chi which I had always thought was just exercise for old people. I was wrong. I had become the protégé of a Grand Master. I continued to study under him for over eighteen years until he informed me one day that he was going home to die.
The day I went to say my goodbye was very formal and respectful in the small garden behind his small house. People were taking turns visiting him privately and sharing a small cup of tea while they said their goodbyes. I was given an incense burner, beautifully hand carved and noticeably ancient as my Master studied me over the rim of his teacup. "I have very much enjoyed teaching you Jiaozi." I had learned that his nickname for me was a Chinese term for rice dumpling, probably because I was small, white and chubby when we first met.
"I would like you to burn some incense now and then to remember me." I had a lump in my throat the size of a grapefruit but I would remain stoic out of respect for my Master. I only nodded in reply. "I would also like very much if you did not allow yourself to be beaten to a pulp ever again," he finished, in a slightly mocking but warm tone. I had been beaten up once only once, and in almost twenty years he had never let me forget it. I remember barking with spontaneous laughter which had pleased the Master greatly that day.
I turned back toward the men and dragon who were still standing where I had left them. I motioned for Egg to let the coach move freely. The only thing my Master had ever asked of me was to not let people beat me up. This bald smartass was about to get the surprise of his life. Hopefully Egg could keep his distance as I would prefer it if he didn’t eat the coach if this didn't go well. "Ok," I said, “why don't we try that again?"
The coach stepped forward with a hand outstretched. I had a feeling he was looking to humiliate me by pulling the same move on me twice. That or he was hoping to use it as a feint to hit me with something else. As I expected, Coach tried the same move with a slight variation of the timing. I slammed my fingertips into the inside of his elbow, quickly negating his move. I was prepared for the hand under my elbow and countered with a palm to the inside of my own elbow while following through with an elbow to his chin which connected with a solid thunk.
Coach staggered back and regained his stance. This time it was a more wary stance. I also notice that he wasn't in as much of a rush to engage as he had been. I'd shaken his cockiness. That was a start. He came at me again with a painting hand motion that I recognized as Kung Fu and knew was a ruse. I stepped inside the kick I knew was coming and slammed my shoulder into the center of his chest. It was Coach's turn to pick himself up off the ground. We were about to begin round three when Wellington clapped his hands twice in rapid succession.
"Best out of three I believe, gentleman," Wellington said with a chuckle. 
Coach wiped his hands on his thighs and stepped forward with his hand outstretched once again, this time with a smile on his face. I took the coach's hand, still wary of any tricks, but this time he just shook it amiably. "It's a pleasure to meet you,” Coach said. “It's also quite unexpected to have someone in my care that isn't an untrained physical wreck." His smile was genuine enough. "Everyone calls me Coach and I guess that's mostly what I've been for a long time now but I'm also a trained chiropractor and yoga instructor." I almost laughed out loud as he finished speaking. I had just endured a tough sparing match with an evenly matched yoga instructor. Coach seemed to take the smile on my face as a good sign.
"You will be meeting regularly with Coach to maintain your physical fitness as well as your combat readiness," Wellington informed from behind me. "It is well that you two seem to be getting along.
We all turned at the sound of a clank to see a much smaller Egg walking away from an intricate framework of pulleys and weights. My introduction to Coach had taught me to always be on my guard. It had also taught me that little dragons could put on a big show when necessary. I left Coach behind with a smile and went to retrieve my jacket and tie. I'd probably need another shower before I attended dinner or met anyone else. "We shall see you at dinner I suspect?" Wellington asked Coach.
"I'll be there. I wouldn't miss it for the world." Coach said in reply, as we reached the double doors to the training center.
Egg opened the doors for us and was wait in the hallway. I noticed my messenger bag hanging from his front arm as he didn't exactly have a shoulder to drape it over. "Hey thanks buddy,” I said with a smile. I had forgotten all about my bag. 
I was starting to put two and two together and I had a strong feeling that Egg was telepathic. If he wasn't telepathic, he was the next closest thing. I was also beginning to think that something had happened to me when the 'mantle' was passed to me. I was noticing that various things I thought of were happening or being said just after I had thought about them.
"Would you like to freshen up and change clothing before you attend dinner?" Wellington said as we started retracing our steps down the hallway. There it was again!
"Wellington, there's more to this 'mantle’ that was passed to me than responsibility, isn't there?" I asked.
"Oh much more, although it can be different with each person," he said thoughtfully. "My own experience was mainly with the talents Romeo developed, but I have heard of others," he finished.
"I seem to be thinking of things just before they happen. Is that odd?" I asked.
"Precognition is definitely one of the traits for someone wearing the mantle, though sadly not one that was passed to Romeo," he added, regretfully. "The best advice I can give you is to stay alert and mindful of your situation at all times. We have staff here that will help you discover and train your talents. In the end though, just like the rest of us, you will have to wait and see what fate provides."
Ok, officially, precognition had a strong vote as the first talent to appear. I could only hope it worked while I was sleeping. Bel was still in the picture and I didn't know exactly what her feeding schedule was.
We had walked back past the Armory, past Wellington's office and were nearing the pool when we bumped into Belinde and Merrill walking in our direction. Merrill nodded at Wellington as they drew close and said, "We were just coming to meet up with the two of you, Sir." her crisp and efficient manner closely mirroring Wellingtons.
"That is very thoughtful of you, as always Merrill. I see you've taken the time to furnish Miss Dagmar with suitable attire for the evening," Wellington acknowledged with approval.
Suitable was a grossly inaccurate understatement. "You look absolutely stunning, my dear," Wellington said to Belinde in sincere compliment. Belinde was decked out in opulent white gown that was a melding of new-roman and mermaid styles in cut. Split in the center at mid thigh and tapering outward and down to just above the ankle it showed off her shapely legs. The full of folds and gathering accented her lush cleavage and narrow waistline. A pair of very stylish high heels added height. A matching pearl and silver bracelet, earrings and necklace completed the outfit. In total, the outfit had to be worth more than the car I had been hoping to afford one day.
"Bel, you look amazing!" I said with enthusiasm. I had been crushing on Bel for the better part of a year until the incident during the office party had put a serious cramp on any forward momentum. Belinde looked like a goddess in this gown and I, though capable of looking quite dapper in a suit, was sadly outclassed and I knew it. 
Bel did a slight twirl to show off the rest of the dress. Unfortunately she looked just as good from behind. The open back of the dress was just as alluring as the front. The soft angle in which it scooped toward the small of her back boldly mimicked the cut of the front. I didn't stand a chance with Bel and there was no point in fooling myself. The funny thing was that if I did somehow manage to win her over, she might suck the life out of me while I slept.
Wellington lifted my messenger bag off my shoulder and opened the pool door for me. "Merrill, if you and Miss Dagmar would like to accompany me, I will take Miss Dagmar on a tour of the rooms she and Mr. Aingeal will be occupying." He cleared his throat slightly, which I was beginning to recognize as the sign of an upcoming etiquette lesson. He was holding my bag out in front of himself as if it was slightly offensive. "After I have deposited your quail bag in your quarters, I will return to escort you to dinner sir," Wellington finished.
"Thank you, Wellington,” I replied. I guess if the bag looked that much like a hunting bag, wearing it to a black tie affair might be inappropriate.
"You do remember your way to the showers?" Wellington asked me with a raised eyebrow. Egg trilled in confirmation from behind me only to have his helpfulness rewarded with a startled squeak from Belinde. My unflappable British guide was quick to calm Belinde with a slight 'shush' and hand motions. Merrill, on the other hand, just seemed curious. 
"It's a lovely story that I'll be happy to share along the way," Wellington said with a smile as he caught my eye and nodded toward the showers. Egg nudged my buttocks from behind and I got the hint.
"I'll catch up soon,” I said with a wink to Belinde and stood to watch for a moment as Wellington linked arms with both women and led them down the hallway. "Well Egg, the sooner I get cleaned up, the sooner I can sneak another peek at Bel in that dress,” I said as the little dragon trilled up at me. I could have sworn that trill sounded like a wolf whistle. The little bugger was catching on fast.
Chapter 6
I had expected Egg to follow the others but he refused to leave my side. I held the door for Egg as I entered the shower and changing rooms from the pool side this time. He seemed very interested in everything he saw. It was hard to believe that curious dragon was actually a machine. Thinking about the way I was put together, I realized that people are really just machines as well. We're just built from different materials. Egg seemed to be entranced by the automatic faucets and urinals. Figuring Egg would keep himself amused for a while, I quickly peeled off my sweaty clothes and hung them on hooks by a towel hamper.
Soaping up in the shower, I couldn't help but reflect on just how strange my day had been. I was startled from my thoughts as I was suddenly hit with a blast of hot water. Poking my head out of the shower, I found Egg scampering back and forth in front of the bank of urinals. The draw on the water system as every urinal flushed in sequence was the cause of my lobster-colored chest. Egg was gearing up for another run, bristling with enthusiasm and excitement. 
"Egg! You're boiling me alive in here!" I shouted. Egg hung his head looking like a scolded puppy. "Just play with one, ok?" I begged. Egg brightened up a little and returned to his game while I cautiously returned to my shower.
Moments later, I was toweling my hair dry and sneaking glances at Egg while he played cat and mouse with an automatic sink faucet. I left him where he was and went to retrieve my clothes from the hooks by the towel hamper. They were gone. I wasn't exactly panicked but I didn't think wandering the halls in a towel was my best course of action. I went through the doorway to the room where I had been laser measured earlier but found no clothing or any attendant. "Oh well," I muttered to myself, "might as well wait with Egg by the pool.”
No sooner had I entered the pool area when Wellington came bustling through the door. "I am sorry to keep you waiting Declan." Wellington came to a stop and stared at the towel. "You do plan on dressing for the evening?" he asked.
"I would,” I said slightly perturbed, "but my clothes have disappeared." Thankfully I hadn't taken off the ring or necklace and wouldn't have to face a firing squad for loosing important equipment. Wellington frowned and straightened his tie. A movement I would come to recognize as sure sign he was annoyed.
"This area is staffed by two former shipmates of Angus," he said. "Neither of which were as repentant as Angus for their actions. They do have a tendency to rebel," he said as he straightened his tie a second time. I heard the echo of what sounded like a judge’s gavel and looked to see where it had come from. Wellington pulled his watch from the small pocket at the front of his vest, consulted the time and snapped it closed. "Right then,” Wellington said laying a hand on my shoulder, "we do have other means," he finished as a loud pop and whoosh filled my ears. I was suddenly standing in a very large bedroom facing a set of double closet doors.
I turned to take in my surroundings. I was in a large stately bedroom that was easily large enough to hold a gymnastics competition. One area was dominated by a large masculine looking canopy bed. To either side of it were night tables that looked more like a secretary desks than night tables. Another area held two heavily stuffed wingback chairs and a tea table. The walls were paneled in a rich mahogany that held antique brass and glass wall sconces at even intervals. The lighting was ample for the room without being glaringly bright in any area. I could be comfortable in a room like this.
"This place is awesome! Where are we?" I asked.
"We are in your bedroom, sir." Wellington said patiently. I looked at Wellington and winked because acting like a smartass was the only reasonable action. I was, after all, standing alone with a man in my new bedroom wearing nothing but a towel.
"Clothing has been prepared for you. It should have been laid out before you had finished tidying yourself,” he said as he opened the doors to vast walk-in closet. Before Wellington could say another word, there was a loud whoosh and Egg appeared behind me glaring and hissing at Wellington.
I honestly didn't think it was possible for someone like Wellington to be stuck for words. "Easy Egg," I soothed. "Sorry to upset you buddy," I coaxed until he started to calm down. I couldn't believe just how pissed off Egg was. "I think the next time you beam us anywhere, you should at least inform Egg," I said in fair warning. "If he gets mad and decides to eat a few statues and a sofa, I think we're both screwed.
"Point taken" Wellington said, regaining a little color. Egg paced across the room and settled to the floor at the foot of the bed to keep a wary eye on Wellington.
Once Wellington had regained his composure, he motioned for me to follow him into the walk-in closet. I was quickly shown drawer after drawer of undergarments for every conceivable occasion, as well an entire drawer of watches, cufflinks and tie clips. I honestly couldn't see why a person could possibly need more than one good watch but I didn't say anything on the subject. I suspected some of the items may have functions completely unrelated to telling time or keeping shirt cuffs tidy.
After the drawers, there came a full-length mirror and a motorized tie rack. Again, the number of ties seemed foolishly extravagant and I kept my opinion to myself. Next were racks of suits, extravagantly filled with a useless surplus of expensive items. "More clothing will likely be added once Smith solves your ballistic issues," Wellington said in a businesslike manner. "Until then I have taken the liberty to outfit you with clothing resistant to most small arms fire."
"You're kidding,” I said in surprise, backing up a step to look at a particularly fine suit. "This will actually stop a bullet?" I asked.
"Unfortunately, no," Wellington said, with obvious concern, "you stop the bullet. The woven Kevlar prevents the bullet from entering your body," he said, and then added, "for the most part." Wellington looked down at the floor for a moment and I felt like kicking myself for my insensitivity. 'Good one, idiot!' I chided myself internally.
For the most part I still had to be pretty careful. Whoever was gunning for Romeo was certainly still gunning for me, and using something a little more powerful than small arms. A little Kevlar was better than nothing though. 
Wellington stopped in front of another section of clothing. "There may be times where you will have to blend in to a crowd. I took the liberty of using the clothing you had at your apartment as a starting point," he said, indicating a section on the wall that looked like it came directly from my apartment closet. "There may also be a need for more tactical outerwear," he said as he started pulling and replacing various pieces that ranged from climbing gear to something that looked like a cat suit a futuristic spy might wear.
Finally we came to shoes and coats. "All of the footwear has been manufactured with the same basic principals commonly used for travel by Hermes," Wellington informed me. I picked up a pair of hiking boots and shook them slightly, looked at them for a second, then shook them again. "Please don't tell me you are looking for a little set of wings?" Wellington asked in a mocking tone. I put the boots back down.
"So, how do they work?" I asked, trying to look natural.
"Quite simple, really," Wellington said, holding back the laughter I had instigated with my inspection of the footwear.
"One simply fixes an image in one's mind of a specific place and takes a mental step." Wellington still looked amused. “You really were looking for little wings, weren't you?" he asked. 
"Shaadap, smarty pants," I replied. "You've had over a hundred years to get used to this. I've had one afternoon with nothing to prepare me but TV, cartoons and movies." I could still see the mirth in his eyes as he tried to distract me by pulling a suit off the rack. The chuckle escaped him as he continued pulling a few items with his back turned. A shirt, shoes and a tie were set out on a changing chair along with a watch and a set of cuff links.
"I will leave the choice of undergarments up to you and will take advantage of your sitting area while you dress," Wellington informed me curtly. Then, as an afterthought, he selected a pair of dark socks with a thread pattern that matched the tie and watch strap.
As I studied myself in the mirror I was amazed at the transformation. I had worn a suit maybe three times in my adult life but I had never looked this good. Of course, I had never been able to afford a suit that looked this good and I had never had a very proper gay man help me dress before. I left the walk-in closet, expecting the light would turn off when the doors closed. Glancing at the slight crack under the doors I was pleased to find that at least one assumption today wasn't wrong.
Wellington rose from the chair he had been sitting in and retrieved his jacket from the foot of what I assumed was my bed. He reminded me of a British banker with his vest and pocket watch as he turned, straightening his jacket to give me a closely scrutinizing once over. "Quite the transformation, young man. Quite the transformation indeed."
"Thank you," I said. "This is officially the first time I've ever worn cufflinks," I added, brandishing the accoutrements.
"Yes, it shows, you have them in backwards," Wellington stated, plain-faced as a poker player.
Once Wellington had helped me reposition my cufflinks, he stepped back to give me one final scrutinizing scan from head to toe. With a brief trip back to the closet, he quickly inserted a stylish handkerchief into my breast pocket. I doubted that I would remember the intricate folds he had used to leave just the proper amount exposed, though I had a feeling he would be pleased to help me again should I find myself in need.
"Declan, there are a few things I would like to familiarize you with before we leave," Wellington said as he checked his watch.
"Sure," I said, honestly hoping everything he showed me would be normal and boring. I changed my mind when I saw the remote in his hand. Toys were different, especially toys you could plug in. Wellington took obvious satisfaction in the look on my face as a flat screen TV slowly swung down from the canopy of the bed to rest at a forty-five degree angle. "Oh, I'm going to love that!" I said, looking over Wellington's shoulder at the remote.
Wellington walked around the bedroom indicating the hidden door to the bathroom, the controls for the lights and a desk hidden behind two wall panels. "If you find you have forgotten the location of any of these amenities, simply press this button twice," he said, indicating a button marked 'View' on the remote. He pressed the button twice and suddenly panels started lifting and swinging open all over the room. Egg jumped in surprise darting glances every which way in confusion.
"Ah, you forgot to mention the bar!" I exclaimed, pointing at the wet bar with coffee and tea service that had appeared from behind a couple of panels.
"Please forgive the oversight," Wellington said with mock gravity. "There are of course a few minor details that I will let you discover on your own. As we are pressed for time, I would like to show you the bed controls and then we should make our way to the dining hall," Wellington said as he walked briskly to the bed, stopping at the foot to rest his hand upon the left post.
"If you will notice the engravings are different on each post. By brushing a thumb or finger over any of these symbols, you can control various climate aspects of the room. You will notice the clouds here." he said indicating two sets of clouds one bigger and one smaller in each set. One set of clouds was raining and the other was blowing. "These symbols will increase airflow and humidity,” he said as he stepped to the opposite side of the bed. "This set of symbols is responsible for the scent of the room,” he said as he indicated pictograms of a mountain, a forest, a tropical beach, an orchard and a library.
"A library?" I asked.
"Surprisingly helpful when concentrating or working at your desk,” he said with a slight shrug. I couldn't fault that logic. I realized as I followed him to the right hand post at the head of the bed. "These symbols are for sound. I often find that the distant waterfall will lull me to sleep on nights where my mind refuses to quiet," he said pointing to the image of a waterfall. Stenciled into the wood were images of a birdbath, a lakeside dock, a babbling brook, a cloud pouring rain and a cloud with bunched up cheeks on its little face, blowing furiously. That image made me chuckle. "Pressing two at once will combine sounds and a brief brush up or down the post will raise or lower the volume,” he finished as he bustled around the bed to the last post.
Standing by the last post, Wellington indicated another series of symbols. "There are for temperature," he said indicating the first two symbols that weren't the stencils of suns I expected, but were instead handsome looking Norman Rockwell style fireplaces. One was roaring away and the other just embers. "Here we have the tilt and posture controls,” he said, indicating a series of simple lines for different positions the bed could assume. And finally, we have security," he finished as he lifted the duvet and sheets then pressing down the corner of the mattress slightly to reveal a pair of clashing swords. "Do not activate this symbol unless all of your limbs are within the confines of the bed." He cautioned, this time there was no slight mocking tone to the gravity of his words.
Consulting his watch once again, Wellington placed a hand on my shoulder and addressed Egg. "Young dragon?" he said, only to be ignored. 
"I've been calling him Egg," I offered.
"Very well," Wellington quipped. "Egg, please come with us." Egg loped over to us and stretched out his neck. Wellington placed a hand under Egg's chin and suddenly my ears were once again filled with a pop quickly followed by a whoosh. I opened my eyes, not realizing at first I had scrunched them shut, to behold the entrance to the cavernous dining hall.
Chapter 7
I was surprised that no one bothered to stop Egg from entering the Grand Hall, until I noticed an area just inside the doors where a number of creatures were gathered. There were perches for a number of different flying creatures. One was easily the biggest crow I had ever seen. It was definitely a crow, of that I was certain, when it bunched up its feathers when it saw Egg. It was just about the size of a bald eagle and if Egg got any funny ideas, there would be feathers and scales flying. Close by was a large grey owl, and beside it was something that looked like a bat but it had a long reptilian tail with a tuft of fur at the end.
We walked past the menagerie leaving Egg to take his place among them. Merrill and Belinde were waiting for us just a little further into the dining hall. Once again my breath caught in my chest at the sight Bel in her gown. Merrill had changed into a stylish black dress and heels and was looking very handsome herself. Visually, Merrill looked to be ten or fifteen years older than Belinde, but in this place one never knew. She was probably over a hundred and easily more attractive than any movie star of forty-five.
"Are you ready to meet your new family, Mr. Aingeal?" Merrill asked, with a mischievous grin.
"I have no idea, ma'am,” I said, mildly concerned. "There’s only one way to find out, I guess," I finished. Promising myself that I would make every effort to be as polite as humanly possible, I offered my arm to Belinde and nodded to Wellington. I was as ready as I was ever going to be. I just hoped I wouldn't say something that would get me turned into an ape or maybe a dung beetle.
The four of us walked as a group towards the end of the dining hall where a massive table sat laden with place settings, center pieces, and numerous candelabras. High-backed chairs ringed the table. The guests were gathered between the table and the back wall near a long bar. Most of those mingling around the bar were chatting amiably with drinks in their hands or nearby on the bar-top. I was slightly surprised at the bar. It seemed more likely to belong in a large and expensive hotel, likely one that also housed a casino. Its location probably came down to a question of 'Where else would you put it?', like most of the oddities in The Estate.
"Not everyone is in attendance this evening," Wellington informed us. "As a new Adjustor swears fealty to an Elder, that Elder gains status," Wellington continued. "Should that Elder hold a seat on the Ruling Council, they then become Head of the Council for the duration of that Adjustor's service." Wellington carried on like a history professor, obviously enjoying the role. "The last Head of the Council of Elders was the Elder Zeus, who along with his closest supporters and retainers of course, will not be attending tonight out of courtesy,” he finished as we approached a slender yet shapely woman of unearthly beauty.
"Mr. Declan Aingeal, it is my honor to introduce you to the Lady and Elder God Aphrodite," Wellington stated formally as he bowed to the immortal. I followed Wellington in his bow, assuming it was the sensible thing to do. Introducing the elder as Lady first was, I suspected, was an indication of nobility. If I carried myself like a commoner being introduced to kings and queens, I might live through the night.
"I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr. Aingeal," Aphrodite replied after she had noted the curtsies of both Merrill and Belinde with a nod of acceptance. "I did not expect you to be attending the dinner this evening with all that has transpired in your life today," Aphrodite said with genuine interest and a touch of concern.
"I felt it wise that he should attend, Elder. With Romeo gone, there are none but the staff to train him and the assistance of the Elders would be most appreciated," Wellington offered in both explanation and well-crafted plea for assistance.
Aphrodite thought for a moment then stepped across the small space separating us. In that one step she seemed to grow almost two feet. She then leaned forward bringing her lips to my ear. The motion brought the clamshell shaped fabric of her bodice toward my chin. My god, she had to be over seven feet tall and her ample cleavage was almost touching my face. I actually felt Belinde bristle beside me and my thoughts were suddenly full of Bel's inviting décolletage. Of course my thoughts were often full of Bel's inviting décolletage. Though quite possibly my undoing, I still had a preference for woman who would likely kill me.
My thoughts were drawn back to the present by Aphrodite's whisper. "Would it be too much to ask a favor of you this evening?" she whispered in my ear. I gulped audibly.
"If there is anything within my means that I can do to assist you Elder, I would be honored," I answered, silently praying that it was a mundane task and I hadn't embarrassed Wellington.
"I will speak with you after dinner then," she finished. Turning to Wellington, the goddess said, "Romeo chose wisely. Should you have need of my assistance, you have it." Then stopping beside Belinde, she ran the back of a finger along the vampire’s regal Danish jaw line and down her neck before she stooped to whisper into Belinde's ear. Belinde blushed crimson and lowered her gaze. I would have been concerned if I hadn't seen her smiling with scandalized embarrassment.
Aphrodite nodded to the group and floated away with delicate footsteps, once again seeming a normal human size and the embodiment of grace and beauty. The four of us were still slightly stunned by Aphrodite's parting smile, when two men ambled over to us. One of the men rested a hand lightly on Wellington's shoulder while the other came to stand between the two of us. "She sure has an effect, doesn't she?" the gentleman between us asked, more as a statement.
Wellington, the first to recover, nodded warmly to the man on his left and patted the hand on his shoulder. Turning his attention to the more vocal gentleman between us he said, “She certainly does." After blinking a few times, Wellington cleared his throat and briskly straightened his tie. "Mr. Declan Aingeal," announced Wellington, "I would like to formerly introduce you to Bran the Blessed, Irish God of Health, Brother of Branwen and all around devilish practical joker,” he finished warmly as the gentleman between us turned slightly to offer a hand in greeting. I took the offered hand before I fully realized that I was shaking hands with a god.
"This may be terribly inappropriate, but aren't you dead?" I asked. "I remember my father telling me a bedside story about your sister dying from a broken heart over your death," I confessed.
"Oh I don't know about that,” he said, nonplussed, "she seemed fine to me just now." He chuckled as he gestured toward Aphrodite who was flirting with a very serious looking fellow in a three piece suit.
"That's your sister?" I blurted, in question.
"We have a lot of names," Bran replied in good humor. "This fine fellow,” he said, indicating the gentleman to Wellington's left, "might be my father, brother or son, depending on who you ask." He was obviously having fun. "Whether you call her Aphrodite, Branwen, or Airmid, she will always be my sister and she is very much alive," the amiable god finished with a wink.
"You can call me Miach or Doc, as many around here do," said the gentleman to Wellington's left removed his hand from Wellington's shoulder to offer it in friendly greeting.
"It's an honor to meet you, sir," I said, shaking his hand. I had remembered his name from my father's stories as well. "Son of Diancecht, right?" I asked.
"Very good," he replied, "Though we're more like extended relatives." He nodded mischievously toward Bran. I chuckled and shook my head.
"We're both healers, but this sot has all the skill in surgery while I concern myself with health in general," Bran offered proudly.
"We were largely responsible for much of the work on the pantry," Miach boasted, casting a congratulatory wink in Bran's direction.
“You both live at The Estate?” I asked.
“I do,” Bran answered. “Miach is visiting from the Emerald Estate, where he is the senior healer in residence.”
It was becoming clear that I had a lot to learn about who was who when it came to gods. These two seemed to be lifelong friends. It was obvious that they had a soft spot for Wellington by the warm way they treated him. Hopefully everyone I met tonight was as easygoing. I suddenly had doubts though, as I spotted a very large and very well-dressed man walking towards our group. If Smith was large, then this guy was extra large, maybe an XXL. He looked like he could hold his own at a monster truck rally, sans truck. He wore a fiendishly crisp and stylish three-piece suit and Italian leather shoes that had to have had titanium arch supports. He wore a full yet neatly trimmed beard and had a grand flowing mane of silvery grey hair.
Every molecule in the air around me came to full attention as the imposing figure stepped in front of me. There was the slightest hint of blue light creeping out from under a few tiny spaces around the edge of a black leather patch covering his left eye. 'Balor One Eye.' I thought, once again remembering tales from my childhood.
"Declan,” he said, addressing me by my first name as he came to a halt directly in front of me.
Luckily I had been to meet Smith and Coach, had been transported twice and shaken hands with two elder gods already today. Without that to prepare me, I'd easily have wet myself on the spot. Every hair on my head felt like it was trying to hide and I would never have believed that anything capable of intelligent speech could be so entirely imposing. "You swear some very creative oaths, my boy," he said as he cracked a grin. He leaned forward slightly in a conspiratorial fashion and said, "My eye socket isn't actually empty."
"I can explain that," I offered weakly. The elder god tipped his head back and laughed much like Smith, the clear difference being a measurement of decibels.
"No need lad,” he said with genuine warmth, "I've held this office before and you do me an honor by returning me to it." He smiled and rested a huge meaty hand on my shoulder. Instead of having both my knees buckle from the weight of that giant hand, I felt lifted. My body and spirit suddenly infused with strength and I felt a vitality I hadn't remembered since my teens.
"Let's get to the table before I drop from hunger," the elder god rumbled. "Given a chance, these youngsters will be gossiping over drink for hours," Odin said with a wink as he steered me to the first seat on the right from the head of the table. Stopping behind my chair, Wellington seated Belinde beside me. 
Bran and Miach took one last opportunity to brag about their accomplishments. "Wait until you try the bread!" Miach whispered excitedly. "The talent for the horn itself was actually my sister's work, but Miach and I did the food," Bran said with obvious pride. The two patted me on the back as they moved past and I received twin jolts of fortification to my being. I had a feeling I knew why everyone was resting their hands on Wellington. It was nice to know he was so well-cared for after what he'd been through.
“They were responsible for the blessings on the raw ingredients,” Wellington whispered in my ear after seating Belinde, “not cooking it.”
There was a tiny thunderclap and another imposing figure appeared across the table from me. His hair was much like Odin’s but a rich golden blonde and he was clean-shaven. "Please excuse my tardiness. I was helping Goibhniu with a project he is most excited for," the blonde giant said, addressing Odin. "With inspiration from our young friend here," he said with a nod in my direction, "Smith may have solved the problem of these damnable mortal weapons.” The immortal spoke with a slight bow in my direction. "Llyr and Lugh are still with him; I expect them shortly," the god I whom assumed must be Thor, finished then nodded curtly, as if he were giving a battlefield report.
Odin seemed pleased. I glanced around the table noticing that most of the guests were still making their way to their seats. No one seemed to be in much of a rush. I figured that rushing must be more of a human trait as there just wasn't much point in rushing for an immortal. I could hear slight pops happening out of my field of vision as more guests transported directly to the hall. I still didn't know what that form of travel was called but I was looking forward to being taught. I had the shoes, so in theory I should be able to do it.
I jumped slightly at a pop directly behind me. Another large meaty hand appeared on my shoulder along with the resulting surge of additional life-force. "You had some wonderful ideas, laddie," Smith said from behind me, leaning toward my ear. "You've already made me proud, boy. If you ever need my help, I'll be obliged,” he said with a wink as patted my shoulder again in parting and left to find his seat.
"Thank you,” I said simply, feeling a brotherly connection to the big brute.
Most everyone had managed to take their seats by this point. Seeing this, Odin rose slowly from his chair. A gnarled yet stout wooden staff suddenly appeared in Odin’s right hand and he used it to stamp out a pair of thunderous resonating taps against the floor followed shortly afterwards by a third thunderous stamp. The entire assembly rose from their seats as a staccato series of pops signaled the last arrivals. 
With everyone finally assembled, Odin spoke in a calm full voice that filled the entire hall, "We gather tonight in celebration and in mourning, as is always our way with a changing of the guard. We mourn the loss of our dear friend Romeo Pittacus and we celebrate his victory in once again finding us a worthy soul, stout of heart and spirit, to enrich our ranks."
"Aye!" roared the salute of everyone at the massive table. I noticed that I was the only one not holding a drink and quickly grabbed the tankard resting at my place on the table. I managed to drink to the toast before the elder god resumed speaking.
"I am very honored to find that once again I take seat at the head of the guard and find not one true heart sworn to me, but through him, two. I ask all of you to be kind and understanding with our young charge as he has been thrust into this new life without the decades of introduction usually afforded to a bearer of the mantle." Odin paused momentarily before resuming his speech. "We must, as a family, take up the responsibilities Romeo is unable to fulfill as he would have done for any of us. Even now I am told that this remarkable young man has aided Goibhniu in the creation of a new armor that will allow those of us susceptible to the mortal weapons to once again walk safely amongst man."
A deafening cheer filled the hall as all eyes turned to me. Bel was beaming with pride, as was Smith who was now standing beside Thor. Smith was fluffed up like a peacock and looked close to tears. "Some of you suspected a delay but thanks to the stout heart and determination of Purcival, the ceremony will be held tonight as is our tradition. In a welcome break from tradition, the old guard will be joining us in support to greet the new adjustor, and assist in ushering him to his post." There was a moment of shocked silence that I honestly couldn't appreciate then another cheer and applause. At this point Odin took his seat and the assembly followed suit.
A steady stream of beautiful young women began appearing with tray after tray of food for the table. Steaming platters were placed in front of me, one after the other. I had never seen so much delicious food at one time. In fact, the only time I had ever dined with as many people was an occasion where I had attended a Greek/Italian wedding. Hopefully this dinner didn’t end in the same kind of brawl/vomiting contest. Once the table was fully laden, one of the maidens took a place standing a half step back and to the left of each diner they would be attending throughout the meal.
I felt a bit awkward having someone standing beside me while I ate, but said nothing. "You'll get used to our ways soon enough," Odin offered in a grandfatherly fashion. "You do the young ladies a service in allowing them the chance to serve out their penance,” he finished with a wink. "Please try something before one of those two bursts," he added with a snicker, pointing surreptitiously at Bran and Miach who were bouncing in their seats. I reached for a steaming bread roll and broke it open. The beauty at my left elbow leaned forward and retrieved a butter dish for me.
After smearing a generous coating of butter on the roll, I took my first bite of food directly blessed and possibly prepared by gods. My eyes must have practically popped from my head. The butter was pure heaven. I had never even suspected that something as mundane as butter could be so rich and opulent. The bread I had dressed in that wondrous butter was truly a marvel. I felt strength and vigor rushing into every fiber of my body. I wouldn't be spending much on vitamins after today was my thought as the first bite of food awakened a hunger in me that I hadn't suspected existed. I began ladling, forking and spooning food onto my plate as fast as my servant could switch trays.
"Slow down, son. You'll have many more fine feasts such as this to enjoy in the days to come. It is our way to celebrate victories and I believe we shall see another soon," Odin counseled. I blushed red with embarrassment and stopped my shoveling. Odin winked at me knowingly and I smiled in relief as I began savoring the food on my plate. Each bite was such a delight that I wasn't sure if I should feel guilty or spoiled.
A large grey wolf trotted behind Smith and Thor to rest at Odin’s side. Promptly, Odin selected a large slab of roast beef and passed it to the wolf on the end of a massive serving fork. The wolf waited patiently with the meat between its jaws while the elder selected another smaller morsel of food to place between the animal’s ears. "He'll carry that back to my bird," he said with amusement pointing toward the menagerie at the halls entrance. I leaned back in my chair to watch and sure enough the turkey sized crow leapt down from his perch to land on the back of the great grey wolf and seize its prize.
One by one the familiars of those at the table were winging, slithering, bounding, trotting or hoping over to guests at the table for a treat. I was quite surprised to see Egg appear beside me, knowing that he was really a machine. "He's a living thing now, boy. Let him have a treat," Odin coaxed with a smile. What the hell did you feed a mechanical dragon? I wondered. As Egg draped his neck and head over my shoulder, I indicated one dish after another with no success. Egg suddenly trilled as my hand passed a large silver platter with a large silver pitcher of cream resting on it.
I picked up the entire tray and handed it to Egg who gently took the edge of the platter in his mouth and backed carefully away. My attention was drawn from Egg as I heard a number of elders congratulating Smith on his work. Smith was following Egg's movements with a face splitting grin and boyish delight. "You've made a good friend there," Odin whispered to me, flicking a brief point of his ring finger toward Smith. "Your familiar was the first life he ever created and the poor boy was heartbroken when he thought he had failed." Odin confessed, his voice actually breaking slightly in emotion. "It is hard not to become a little callus and jaded over the centuries but Goibhniu never has. He wears his heart on his sleeve," Odin finished, shaking his head with the hint of a proud smile on his face.
Conversations were taking place all around the table. Now and then the elder god, under whose patronage I now found myself, would lean toward me and point out a character at the table and explain a bit about them. Much like Aphrodite/, most of the elders at the table actually wore more than one mythical title. Odin himself was at once Balor, Dagda, and Odin. "I hope I'm not being offensive when I ask this, but what of your wife Freya?" I asked, sincerely hoping I wouldn't be turned into a frog. Odin smiled and answered.
"Freya is part of the old guard. She has sworn fealty to Zeus and you will be meeting her tonight." My face reddened once again with embarrassment, I had finally stuck my foot in my mouth. Odin simply chuckled. "I believe I understand your concern but it is misplaced. We do not align ourselves with one another in some popularity contest or play for power." He frowned suddenly and that frown sent a shiver down my spine. "We leave that sort of childish behavior to the Sly." He took a healthy swig of ale from a tankard the size of a small beer keg. "We align ourselves, Declan, where we will be most useful."
Odin stood and beckoned me to follow him to a large carving of a tree whose root complex covered most of the left wall. There was a moment of hush before the conversation around the table resumed. Odin reached out a hand in reverence and stroked the carving. I noticed one root in the carving stood out from the others. As I reached out my hand to touch the root, Odin cautioned, "Slowly, lad." I continued as he nodded in encouragement. When my fingers drew closer to the wood, I felt a curious tingling begin in my fingertips and race up my arm. I'd have stopped but the elder god nodded once again, coaxing me to continue.
With each fraction of an inch that I drew closer to the elder wood, the unearthly sensation increased to the point where I had to struggle through the last remaining space to finally touch the root. As my fingers, then my palm came to rest upon the wood, I was filled with grace. I had never felt such peace and contentment in my life and wondered if this is what heaven felt like. That thought in itself was very taxing to form completely and I was forced to break contact with the tree in order to think. "He's in the tree isn't he? God is inside this tree," I asked, so sure in my belief that my question was more of a statement.
Odin nodded, gravely with emotion. "We all sprang from the tree of life, the world tree Yggdrasil," he said, once again stroking the ancient wood reverently. "My father in his pain was forced to return to the tree for his own sake as well as yours. As promised, we returned to comfort mankind and provide what little guidance we were allowed under the pact." As the ruling head of the assembled gods spoke, I became aware of a crowd gathered at my back. Belinde had silently taken place beside me and I was aware of Egg's presence nearby. 
"There is much I would like to explain to you but simply cannot do so in mortal terms," Odin confessed. I nodded, agreeing whole-heartedly that there was a lot that I would rather not know. The Elder of Elders turned to face the great table with such an air of authority that I knew I wouldn't be finishing my dinner.
"We shall assemble for the ceremony atop Yggdrasil. Close the keep and summon Heimdallr to guard the pass!" Odin decreed and the peal of a hunting horn rang through the hall as he once again tapped the floor with the mystical staff the moment it appeared in his hand. There was a flash of light that followed the expected thunder and I found myself along with the others in a mossy clearing. The sun was setting and as I marveled at the beauty of it, I noticed large boughs surrounding us and reaching upward towards the heavens. I realized with a start that the entire assembly and I were standing in a crook atop a massive tree of unimaginable scope. There was a ring of standing stones nearby that reminded me vaguely of Stonehenge.
A hunter’s moon hung in the sky, half a compass point to the right of the evening sun. Stars were also visible in the sky and I thought it seemed odd that the sun, moon and stars were all visible at the same time. I never thought to ask or comment on the phenomena. Odin turned to his right and led the procession in the direction of the setting sun and towards the ancient henge.
As we drew closer, I noticed a group waiting within the confines of the ring of stones. Near the entrance to the stones waited a woman that looked like a curious blend of a barbarian swordswoman and beauty contestant. When we were just a few yards away, she walked forward with an enchanting sway to embrace Odin. "Declan," Odin began, once more addressing me by my first name, "I would like you to meet my wife Freya."
"It's an honor to meet you,” I said, glad that at least one thing I remembered from legend was accurate.
"Your predecessor was a personal friend of mine,” she said in condolence. "I would like to offer my assistance should you ever need it," she offered with a regal nod.
"Thank you, very much," I answered, the tips of my ears reddening with the attention.
Freya smiled in approval and turned her attentions back to her husband as our entourage entered the ring of stone. Numerous figures dressed in ceremonial garb reminiscent of ancient Greece were assembled to welcome our arrival. Odin broke from his wife briefly to shake hands with a robustly bearded man in an outdated yet oddly appropriate fashion. They exchanged a few words before approaching me as a pair. Zeus himself stood before me and examined me with a sharp eye. "My brother tells me you had no knowledge of us except in legend before today?" he asked with unmistakable authority.
Praying mentally that I wouldn't say the wrong thing, I finally decided to just speak simply from the heart and let the chips fall where they may. "That is true, sir,” I said past a lump of fear in my throat. "I only met Romeo today as I tried to save him from an attack." I looked down at my feet feeling fully responsible. "I failed," I added quietly.
"I am told that you did manage to save him from the first attack and that were it not for those damnable weapons you humans are so fond of, you'd have succeeded entirely.”
"That is true, sir," I said feeling sick with failure. "Romeo died in my arms. He didn't even ask for help. I didn't realize it at the time but he used last of his strength and breath to pass the Mantle to me and warn me that I would be in danger," I finished, lifting my gaze to look the powerful Elder God in the eyes.
Zeus turned to Odin. "It is true then? We are at war?" he asked.
"I'm afraid so," Odin answered. Zeus turned back to me once more in appraisal.
"Your sponsor was a friend of mine, young sir. You honor his memory with your words,” he finished as he laid a hand on my shoulder and I once again felt the tremendous rush of life-force roar through my body. "Is it true that you slew the treacherous Sly that attacked my friend this very day?" he asked.
"Yes Lord, I believe it was the same people that attacked us," I offered in reply. Zeus cracked a frightening grin and nodded before removing his hand from my shoulder and returning to speak briefly with his group.
People were taking up positions all around me and I found myself hoping that someone would make sure I got into the right place before I made a fool of myself. Thankfully Odin himself steered me to a slightly raised stone platform at the very center of the ring and took up a place in front of me. 
"Not since the time of legends have the Sly dared to threaten us openly!" he began. "We have not performed the Ceremony of Guardianship for more than two millennia but once again we will do so today. I ask the Elders of the High Seat to step forward as we accept the oath of Declan Aingeal as he takes the office of Adjustor, and of his retainer Belinde Dagmar in her oaths of fealty to him and through him to us.
Zeus stepped forward to stand at Odin’s right followed by an Egyptian god and a rubenesque yet startling beautiful woman clad in a green gown that mimicked forest greenery. "Declan Caen Aingeal," Odin began, "you have proven yourself worthy to accept the Mantle of Adjustor and serve this Fellowship of Elders. Do you swear fealty to me as your patron?" he asked.
"Draw your sword, place it tip down to the earth and say, 'I do'”, someone whispered in my ear though no one was beside me.
Drawing the sword Smith had given me earlier, I followed the advice in my ear. "I do swear,” I said once the tip had touched the ground between Odin and I.
"Do you also swear to uphold the duties and trust of your sacred office to your very dying breath as did the brave man who brought you to us?" Odin asked solemnly.
"I do so swear,” I said with conviction.
"Then let us bestow upon you the title of Adjustor and lend blessing to the sacred Mantle you carry," Odin proclaimed. At these words the four gods each reached out a hand to touch fingertips to my head. My head was wreathed with unimaginable power as the four ruling elders bestowed their blessing upon me. 
The realization that my situation was very real, very bloody real was finally making its way through my shock-addled mind. 'What the hell was I doing here?' I asked myself. I figured that there was probably no turning back when I noticed an electric blue glow creeping down into my field of vision. The elders withdrew their touch from me and took a half step back.
"From this moment forward, Declan Aingeal, you are our agent in the earthly realm of Midgard and its associated mortal realms," the elder god intoned.
"Adjustor!" cheered the assembled gods. Well at least I was popular, or would be, until they figured out I was just a random idiot that was in the wrong place at the wrong time. There wasn't much point in worrying as Belinde would probably kill me in my sleep later tonight anyway. 
I noticed a presence at my side and wasn't surprised to find Bel standing beside me. I was curious to see what would happen with Belinde. I figured that with all the talk about her being my ‘retainer’, it would be different and thankfully that fact was taking my mind off my own situation.
"Belinde Mary Dagmar,” Odin intoned, "do you swear fealty to Adjustor Declan Aingeal and to the Office of the Adjustor?" Odin asked with solemn gravity.
"I do so swear," Belinde said with conviction.
"Kneel before your Lord and accept your role as retainer to the Office of the Adjustor," Odin instructed. Belinda lifted the hem of her gown and knelt in front of me. She placed a hand on my sword just above the crosspiece and as directed by Odin, I placed my left hand on the back of her head. I was careful not to mess her hair, I knew there would be hell to pay later if I did.
"Repeat with me the blessing." Odin instructed as he stood sagely before me. "I accept you, Belinde Mary Dagmar, as my personal retainer," the elder boomed and I repeated his words. "I accept you as well into the Office of the Adjustor as a retainer to that office." Once again I repeated his booming words. "I bestow upon you the Mantle of Adjustor, as is my right, and call upon you to share my burden. Do you accept this sacred duty?" I repeated the words, sincerely hoping that Bel would accept. I was scared shitless of what might lie ahead and not too proud to admit that it would be damn handy to have someone with vampire strength around when shit went sideways.
"I accept your burden and will gladly share your duties," Belinde paused for just a moment. She then added in the barest whisper, "I will die before I fail you." I was so out-classed. I wanted so badly at that moment to kiss her. The girl was oozing regal charm to the point that I felt like a total fraud.
"So be it," Odin said softly as the air around us became still.
"So be it," I repeated, hoping I was supposed to repeat this last part as well. An electric blue glow spread from between my fingers then sank into Belinde's crown. I heard a sniffle behind me and turned to see Smith dabbing at the corner of his eye with a handkerchief the size of a small tablecloth. I made a mental note to trick Smith into watching at least one Harry Potter movie with me.
"Rise and stand Adjustor," Odin boomed proudly. Bel rose to her feet with the help of my hand and stood proudly beside me. I felt like we were having our prom picture taken. But to be honest, I also felt proud. Even though the ceremony had seemed a bit dramatic, as most ceremonies tend to, it felt right and for the first time in my life I felt like I was part of something that mattered. I had no idea how Belinde had been pulled into this affair anymore than I understood how I had been selected. However selfish the thought it might be, I was glad to have her with me.
The woman in green and the Egyptian god stepped down from the platform and resumed their places. The sun had set during the ceremony and a new moon had risen beside the one that had been visible to the right of the sun when we arrived. Tapping his staff again in a slightly different pattern, the elder god waited for each resulting peal of thunder to die before tapping again. Zeus, who had never left the platform, stepped forward to stand beside Odin. 
"My fellow gods," Zeus began, as Odin chanted under his breath in some long forgotten tongue, "lend us your strength as we forge the shield of guardianship for our champions." 
A glow began to infuse the ring of stones and every being gathered within. Wellington was suddenly loosening and removing my tie. I didn't resist his actions, trusting that he knew what was happening to a much greater degree than I did. He quickly unbuttoned the top four buttons of my shirt and left with my tie rolled up in his hand. A feminine hand appeared from my right and grasped my wrist, sweeping my sword and arm to my left and up above my head then lowering it slightly to allow Belinde to grasp the handle with me. The same person, I believe it was Freya, took my left hand and placed it upon my breastbone. Out of the corner of my eye I saw that it was indeed Freya who was assisting when she placed Bel's right hand in the same fashion.
Everything was silent for a moment while I assume Freya resumed her position among the others. Then, without warning, lightning began arching from the stones and striking the blade of my sword. Bolt after bolt of vermillion with a familiar electric blue at its core arced blindingly off the surrounding stone to strike the blade until I thought it would melt in my hand. Strangely enough, it was my left hand that was heating up. Bel gave a soft squeak beside me but didn't flinch. Then as quickly as it had begun, the barrage of lightning ended. Many figures standing in the ring around us slumped or sagged noticeably from the effort.
Beside me Belinde released a sigh of relief. Personally, I wasn't moving. I was scared to remove my hand from my chest because I expected to see a smoking crater the size of an ashtray. It wasn't until both Odin and Zeus were making 'Lemme see' gestures that I finally dropped my hand. Looking down, I was delighted to find my chest intact. I’d made it this far in life without ever getting tattooed so I wasn't quite sure how I should feel about the artwork stenciled into my living flesh. In the center of my chest stood the Celtic triquetra; its outer edge was gilded in gold, while the inner area was a deep sapphire with a maze of Celtic knots and scrollwork depicted in silver.
I turned to Belinde and saw her examining the same symbol on her chest. Bel's triquetra was slightly smaller with an outer edge of silver. The basic color scheme was the same with the exception of the gold and silver being reversed. The metallic coloring didn't appear to be pigment and though it flexed like the skin it was now part of, it did appear to be actual metal.
"Now you are protected against the talents of the Sly. Though they are fallen," Odin advised, "many of the Sly retain some godlike power.” The elder let those words hang as a caution on the perfidious nature and power of the enemy. These people, gods, I corrected myself, were putting an awful lot of trust in a couple of office workers. They really got screwed in contract negotiations.
Many of the assembled gods were making their way forward to congratulate either Belinde or myself. Some were congratulating us both as if we were a married couple. 'Ha' I laughed at myself, I should be so lucky! I would crawl over a half mile of barbed wire and broken glass just to go on a half decent date with Belinde. But in truth, I was a year off thirty, there was nothing remarkable about me at all, and my hair was thinning already. She could easily do better. There was no point in fooling myself about our relationship, I thought, as I turned and almost fell over Egg. 
The little dragon was arching his neck drastically and tilting his head to one side to look at his chest. There, dead center on his breastbone was a small triquetra. Three loops of gold bordered on each side by a band of silver.
Smith suddenly pointed at the little dragon and roared with laughter. The giant’s contagious laughter drew the attention of others. "Ha!" barked Odin, a wide grin splitting his face from ear to ear. "This is indeed a fortuitous omen, three Adjustors at once!" 
"Indeed," agreed Zeus, "the time of legends has returned."
Chapter 8
We returned in the manner we had left, a flash of light and we were all back in the Great Hall. For some reason we had all walked some distance from the standing stones before we were transported back to the hall. I figured that there was likely tradition involved or some force at work that prevented traveling within the stone circle. I'd have to ask one day. 
I have a bad habit of becoming lost in my thoughts. It must be a bad habit if it causes me to walk into lampposts and crosswalk signs. In my opinion, daydreaming is much worse when it causes me to walk into mountains dressed in full battle armor.
"I am Heimdallr," the walking mountain said in a rumble of tectonic plates. "I foretold your coming," the mountain continued.
"Heimdallr, don't frighten the boy," Aphrodite cooed. "He's had quite the day," Aphrodite concluded as she flashed the mountain with one of her enchanting smiles. The mountain began shuffling its feet like a boy at a school dance.
"You will come to my aid," the mountain said with another shifting of tectonic plates. "Thank you," it added, practically frozen by Aphrodite's smile.
"You're welcome?" I offered, not sure quite how to speak to the landmass.
Aphrodite slid a hand around my waist and guided me away, leaving the mountain stunned in her wake. "You and I have that favor to discuss," she said playfully, giving my waist a squeeze. I caught a glance of Belinde as I was led away. She looked absolutely scandalized. I was about to ask if Bel could accompany us when Aphrodite transported us. Oh boy, I thought, Belinde was going to be pissed. After my ears cleared from the whoosh I was beginning to grow accustomed to, I asked Aphrodite where we were. 
"We are in my personal chambers of course," she replied.
"On Mount Olympus?" I asked. 
She chuckled musically at my question. "No, two doors down the hall from your room," she replied, artfully containing her mirth.
"You said you had a favor to ask of me, Elder?" I said desperately trying to establish a level of professional conduct.
"Yes," the goddess purred as she turned to face me. I came very close to letting loose a very unmanly squeak as she came nose to nose with me. I could feel her breath on my face and was trying to think of as many different things as I could. It was a feeble attempt to take my mind off the fact that the most beautiful and sensual female who had ever existed was pressed up against my chest.
"I know that you have had a very long and unsettling day, but I desperately need your assistance,” she said, leaning even closer and whispering the words into my ear. 'Hold on,' I thought, 'if I couldn't get Bel to have a cup of coffee with me, why would the Goddess of Love, Beauty and all things delightfully spongy be hitting on me?' I reasoned, thinking in a loud mental voice, that she was obviously just toying with me.
"That's my job, your Godliness,” I said, finally deciding to get to the heart of whatever this was before I found myself groping one of the elders.
Once again the goddess of love laughed musically. She nuzzled my neck and said. "You are the Adjustor now. You can simply call me Elder or Aphrodite." A slight puff of breath from her nose tickled my earlobe as she finished speaking. I really couldn't take another moment before I started showing arousal. I finally had to lightly grasp her shoulders and lean her away slightly to look her in the eye. 
"Aphrodite, please tell me what it is you would like me to do. If I can pull it off without getting myself killed in the process, well that would be just great. You really don't have to flirt with me to get me to do my job." I was actually starting to get a little pissed off. “Almighty Gods or not, I think you all made a huge mistake elevating some random idiot to the post, office or whatever it is of ‘Adjustor’. I still don't even know what that means. That doesn't mean that I won't do the best I can. Just please play fair, ok?" I finished my rant and saw the surprise clearly on her face. 'Aw, son of a bitch’, I thought, 'I managed to piss off a god on my first damn day on the job!' I spent the next few moments wondering if my end would be painful.
"You don't seek to curry favor?" she asked.
"I'm sorry, Elder, I really don't know what you're talking about," I confessed. Jesus, this chick was a looney. She had me thinking I was here to play cabana boy one second and the next she had me thinking my number was up. Now she was acting like I was speaking in chirps and whistles like a dolphin.
"Your duty is to right the wrongs committed by the Sly. Protect us from their treachery and endeavor, with our, help to maintain a balance of hope in the mortal realms,” the goddess said. “When the Goddess of Love and Beauty asks for a favor outside of your sworn duties, well, you are a man and I would expect you to seek compensation." She actually looked embarrassed.
I won. My face turned beet red and I started to sweat as I tried to speak. "I, I, I, I, oh... crap." I managed to say without passing out. Naughty thoughts were having a knock down drag out fight between my eyeballs. I actually had to scrunch my eyes shut for a few seconds. I had just royally buggered up a chance to get frisky with Aphrodite! Beauty queens would switch sexual orientation just to flirt with this woman! What had I done? I had probably also screwed up any chance I would ever get with Bel, just for being alone with Aphrodite for this long.
"Please accept my apologies, Adjustor," Aphrodite said as she bowed slightly. She was valiantly battling the urge to smile.
"Will you tell me what you wanted?" I asked.
"It seems foolish now,” she said regretfully.
"I'd like to hear anyway. If it was important enough for you to consider slumming then it's important enough," I coaxed. She smiled then, not one of her practiced, enchanting smiles but a sincere smile. Taking my hand enthusiastically, she led me to a strange seat that looked like a chair playing at being a couch and sat down. Pulling me down beside her, she began relating the story of a young woman in need.
"The sickness has robbed her of her beauty, much of her hair and her hope," the goddess moaned, sincerely heartbroken by the tragedy. "Her last hope is to know love before she dies." A tear rolled down her cheek to rest at her nose. I pulled the handkerchief from my breast pocket, mentally thanking Wellington for his thoroughness, and offered it to her. She accepted it gratefully and dabbed her nose before continuing. "We've had such little authority since the pact that we are often powerless to help those who are pure of heart and deserving," she said with a sniffle.
"I'd love to help," I said, sincerely wishing I could. "I just don't know what to do," I finished hopelessly.
The elder brightened noticeably and said, "I have a gift." She sprang from her seat like an excited young girl and ran as quickly as her gown and heels would allow to a nearby vanity. Quickly picking up a brush, she scampered back to place it in my hands. "My brother helped me fashion this,” she said excitedly. "It will help restore her hair and her beauty,” she said with emotion brimming in her eyes.
"And when her beauty is restored, her faith will follow,” I said, realizing the plan.
"Her faith will save her," Aphrodite finished.
"How do I find her?" I asked, standing with the brush cradled in my hands like expensive china.
"Then you'll do it?" Aphrodite squeaked in delight.
"Of course,” I said, like I could refuse a chance to help in such a situation.
"Your carriage will have the path, but you must not be seen entering her home or her bedroom. You must also secure her oath of secrecy before bestowing the gift," she cautioned.
"I think I can manage that," I said, turning to leave.
"Declan," she prompted, causing me to turn back.
"Yes," I asked.
"You don't have to use the door. You are aware of that, aren't you?" she asked.
"No one has taught me to transport yet,” I said awkwardly. She chuckled and shook her head.
"Just picture the place in your mind, then mentally step," she offered.
"I'll let you know what happened when I get back. Please let Bel know where I've gone,” I said with a grin.
Whoosh and I was in the parking garage. I was about to climb into my car when I thought of Egg. The last place I had seen him was the Great Hall. Whoosh, and I was in the Great Hall facing the ornate eastern wall. In front of me, staring intently at the carving was Egg. The poor little guy must have thought I was still coming through and was stoically awaiting my return. How something mechanical could be so noble and loyal was a mystery to me. Then again I had been dealing with gods all day so I guess that just made Egg quirky. 
"Hey buddy,” I said, watched Egg jump in surprise. After recovering from slamming his nose into the wall carving, Egg shot me a chastising glance. "Fancy a ride in my new car?" I cajoled. Egg hopped up and down a couple of times and trilled a bright, clean note of happiness and excitement. I had a feeling the little dragon would have his head out the window like a dog if I let him.
Resting a hand on Egg’s head, I thought of the space beside the passenger side of my car and mentally stepped once again. Whoosh, and I was there with Egg. It seemed funny that when I transported I heard a whoosh and when someone else transported near me I heard a pop. 'Oh well, another one of the mysteries surrounding my new life.' I thought as I opened the door for Egg. "Watch your claws on the leather, Egg. I just got this car today and I don't want it messed up, ok?" I cautioned Egg. Egg trilled at me and hopped onto the passenger seat, thankfully doing no damage to the upholstery.
After closing the door for Egg, I padded around to the driver’s side of the vehicle and opened the door for myself. Climbing into the driver’s seat I remembered that the key was in my bag. "Crap! I left the damn key in my bag," I moaned, hoping this wasn't a sign of how my first mission would continue. I was startled by a whoosh and pop beside me that I could feel in my ears. I turned to see Egg sitting with my messenger bag dangling from his mouth. "Egg, you're the best!" I said patting his head. I reached into the bag and exchanged the ornate hairbrush for the key, almost dropping it before I could finish inserting it into the ignition. Sam's unexpected voice almost gave me a heart attack.
"Welcome back, Mr. Aingeal," Samantha cooed in her sultry voice.
"Jesus!" I yelped laughing at myself. "Sam, you scared the crap out of me,” I said as the car's voice reminded me to dig the glasses I was supposed to be wearing out of my bag.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Aingeal. I doubt it will happen again," she finished, obviously pleased at surprising me.
"Call me Declan," I urged, sliding the enchanted glasses onto my face.
"I have an errand to run for Aphrodite. Feel like a drive?" I asked.
"I have been sent coordinates and necessary information. I’m ready," Sam offered. 'I’m ready' sounding a lot like 'I’m naked' to my ears.
Cranking the ignition key with a smile, I pulled out of the parking garage as Sam opened the garage doors. "You may want to fasten your seatbelt, Declan," Sam offered helpfully. I had a feeling she was just happy to converse with someone. This was Egg’s first car ride and I was pretty sure the only time he had ever been outside with the exception of the trip to the top of the world tree. Egg had lowered my bag to the floor of the passenger's side and was eagerly looking out the windshield at the passing scenery. I was tempted to lower the window just to see if he would stick his head out like a dog, but I thought better of it.
"Sam, any sign of pursuit?" I asked, more to give Sam the chance to chat than anything else.
"No, Declan. I am actively scanning for both pursuit and interception," Samantha replied with her usual efficiency and phone sex operators voice.
Our destination was clearly indicated on the HUD. There were vehicles in operation all moving in random paths. None of them was presumably the same type favored by the people that had attempted pursuit earlier. I made a mental note to ask Sam how she had known the car that had followed us earlier today had been a threat. We were nearing our destination though and I wanted to prepare myself for what lie ahead.
I had a hunch that Egg was telepathic. If I were right, my job would be easy. If I was wrong, well, let's just hope I was right. "Egg," I said, getting the little dragon's attention, "can you hear me if I call out to you with my thoughts?" Egg trilled an unmistakable confirmation at me. I was starting to understand the different trills. That one was either 'yes' or 'I understand'. "Good, I may need you to help me tonight,” I said looking him in the eye as I did. Egg dipped his head and gave a lower trill. He was ready.
I was formulating a plan in my mind based on my own reactions to some of the odd things I had experienced today. If I approached this girl under just the right circumstances and with just the right words, she might not scream or panic. That would be great. In fact, it would be necessary if I had any hope of remaining covert. I wouldn't put it past the Sly, whoever they were, to be monitoring the police frequencies. "Sam," I asked the exotic automobile, "Who are the Sly?"
"They are the enemy," the car replied sounding thoroughly disgusted. I would probably have to ask Wellington what he knew about the Sly if I had any hope of getting a straight answer.
The display on the windshield had changed to a scaled wire model display of the surrounding buildings and a blue dot was blinking on the second floor of a nearby building. My guess was that we had reached our destination.
"Declan, we have reached our destination," Sam informed me. As I pulled to a stop across the street from the building in question, the HUD changed once again to a schematic of the second floor apartment belonging to our damsel in distress. A blue dot still signified her location but now the location was specific to a given room. In this case, she was sitting at a desk or vanity beside a bed.
I peered out the driver's side window at the apartment window and noticed a balcony that I could transport to. Thankfully there was a slight gap in the curtains that was shedding a soft pool of light onto the balcony. If I could see into her apartment from that gap, I was in. "I wish I knew her name," I grumbled. I was more than slightly pissed at myself for not having bothered to ask such a simple question before I left.
"The contact's name is Elena," Sam offered. "Elena Petrova, born of a second generation immigrant family originally from Lugansk, Ukraine."
"Sam, you really are wonderful,” I said, thanking Sam for preventing me from looking like a total idiot. If I was to show up without knowing the woman's name, it was doubtful an expensive suit would be enough to stop her from thinking I was a thief or a serial murderer. 
"Ok Egg, be ready when I call," I cautioned the little dragon while I withdrew the brush from my bag and handed it to him. "You bring this with you when I call, ok?" Egg gave a quick little trill and grasped the brush gently with his teeth.
Looking out the window once again, I fixed the position in my mind and mentally stepped. Whoosh, I was standing on the balcony railing in a semi-sitting position. 'Well isn't this just lovely,' I thought as panic took hold. I started to wobble while furiously looking around for some way to save myself from a thirty-foot drop to unforgiving pavement. 
In the end, the fact that I got a glance of a mat just outside the balcony's sliding door is what saved me. Straightening out my legs and mentally fixing the street beside the car, I transported again to the street, then immediately transported to the mat I had fixed in my mind. 'Moron,’ I thought to myself, 'you were sitting in the car, of course you would be sitting when you transported!'
There was no doubt that I had a lot to learn if I wanted to survive my new position for any length of time. After chiding myself, I carefully peered through the gap in the curtains. The balcony door was locked as I suspected, but I had a clear view of a landing spot. I also had a clear view of Elena as she sat at an antique vanity with her back to me. "Well," I whispered to myself, "there's no time like the present." So, trusting in the luck of the Irish, I transported to the bedroom in view.
I had also forgotten the popping sound transporting made, at least until the sound I had made arriving caused Elena to jolt with a start. The poor girl's head whipped around in fright to see me standing behind her. I guess it would be rather startling to have a well-dressed yet strange man, suddenly appear behind you in your bedroom. I was, however, counting on that fact. The theatric sound effect was just icing on the cake. 
Elena was speechless with fright but by no means frozen. She jumped up from her seat and ran for a door across the room. Another whoosh and pop put me directly in her path. I reached out to gently grasp her shoulders just before she crashed into my chest. She gave a tiny little squeak and started to go limp.
"Miss Petrova, the goddess Aphrodite sends her greetings,” I said, possibly just in time. The confusion of my words managed to short circuit Elena's urge to faint. She locked eyes with me in the manner of a child caught elbow deep in a cookie jar. "She also sends a special blessing," I finished. 
Elena took a small step back without trying to break my hold on her and looked me over briefly. She slowly reached up a hand to feel the fabric of my suit over my left lapel then ran it along my arm, squeezing slightly at the curve of my bicep. Almost too late, I realized that the girl thought I was the culmination of her prayers. I smiled at her and steered her back into her room with a hand resting on her back. Even in her frail state the girl was quite shapely and beautiful. Her Russian heritage was apparent in the high cheekbones and large blue eyes. But her full fashion model lips couldn't completely distract my gaze from the slightly sunken look of her eyes and the pallor of her complexion.
I managed to guide her gently back to her seat in front of the vanity. Borrowing from my experience with Wellington, I tried to remain businesslike while maintaining the theatrics that would supply the necessary air of mystery and legend needed to foster faith. What I was doing tonight was, for all intents and purposes, similar to a biblical event. "The goddess has sent a gift for you,” I said, trying to mix a little James Bond in with my version of Wellington. I mentally called for Egg and he immediately popped into existence on the bed to our right.
I slowly retrieved the brush from Egg and thanked him formally for his service to the goddess. I even used the term 'Noble Dragon,' just to add to the theatrics. I paused and bowed to Elena with the brush in my hands. "Elena Petrova, will you accept this gift crafted by Aphrodite herself?" I asked.
"Yes," Elena replied just above a whisper in a beautiful voice, only slightly ravaged by her disease.
"Will you swear to give thanks to the goddess every night as you use it and always keep its origins a secret?" I asked solemnly.
"I promise, every night." Elena swore, excitement brimming over in her voice.
"So be it," I finished.
A few slow measured steps brought me back to a position behind Elena. I looked into her eyes through the reflection in the mirror and began to brush her hair. The tightness of her shoulders eased immediately and a soft sigh of pleasure and wonder escaped her lips. Elena's hair though slightly brittle at first was rapidly becoming soft as I gently pulled the brush through her hair. The natural bristles slowly worked their way through the thinning hair as only natural bristles can. As I brushed Elena's hair, I silently prayed to Odin for her health. I could feel that she was, at the core, a sincere and virtuous person. It seemed so unfair that a malignant disease should be allowed to ravage one so pure and gentle.
I hadn't really been paying attention as I brushed. I was operating by feel and somewhat lost in my thoughts. When I remembered that I was here for a reason and not to daydream, my focus returned to the hair I was brushing. No longer limp and lackluster, Elena's golden locks were shining with the luster and sheen of youth. The wave and curl of healthy body had returned to her remaining hair. Even more astonishing was the amount of hair. I was brushing locks that were twice as thick as when I had started just a few minutes before. "You know, Elena, along with any measure of power or ability comes a measure of responsibility,” I said calmly.
Elena's eyes, which had drifted closed nearly the moment I started brushing, slowly opened as if she was afraid she would break the spell of what she was experiencing. Her eyes met mine in the mirror. "I have no power," Elena said sadly. "I can barely work a full day and this is the first time a man has spent more than a minute with me in over a year," she ended with an empty and resigned tone. 
I smiled and nodded while I brushed her hair. "How we use our gifts is a testament to our worth, of who and what we are at the core," I said, once again doing my own version of Wellington. "Just promise me that you won't break too many hearts,” I said as I slowly crouched down to bring my face beside Elena's in the mirror's reflection.
As the reflection of my face came even with Elena's in the mirror, Elena was forced to notice her own. Tears of joy sprang to eyes that were noticeably less sunken over a rosy set of cheeks. The big exclamation came when she looked up and noticed her much fuller hair with a healthy shine and bouncy curls. Tears of joy began to stream down her face as she ran her fingers through her hair. 
At that moment I knew I would do whatever it took to keep this job. I finally felt like I had done something that mattered in my life and a weight that I hadn't noticed before suddenly lifted from my soul. "It's time I returned to the goddess,” I said. "She will want to hear all about our little meeting," I finished with a smile. 
Elena looked a bit crestfallen as I stood. "You won't stay?" she asked, her cheeks betraying her embarrassment. I managed not to panic before inspiration struck, then raked her over with roguish appraisal and a decidedly naughty wink.
"Oh, I'm tempted,” I said, continuing to play the rogue for just a moment longer, "but I'd probably be turned into a newt for my insolence." I added a full smile after speaking. 
Elena looked shocked at first, then smiled up at me with hooded eyes that promised she would make it worth my while, and then finally sighed in acceptance. Showing a little spirit that did wonders for my ego, Elena grabbed my face with both hands and kissed me full on the mouth. "I hope I get to see you again someday, and that you're still human,” she added with a playful little smile once she released me.
"That would be nice," I said, not knowing if it would ever happen.
 As I turned to leave she asked, "Will you please tell me your name?"
Figuring it couldn't hurt I told her, "My name is Declan." I gave a slight bow to remain in character.
"Thank you,” she said simply.
I smiled and turned to collect Egg. "Remember," I said as I laid a hand on Egg’s head, "not too many broken hearts, ok?" and with that I popped back into the car.
My head thumped off the roof of the car because I had been standing when I transported. As I sat rubbing my head in the driver's seat I was consoled by the fact that Elena was unable to witness this little spectacle. It would have definitely diminished the overall effect of her experience. "Well Sam, the first mission went well,” I said.
"I'm grateful you didn't fall to your death," Sam stated blandly. I was certain that I heard desperately controlled mirth in her voice. Coming from a car, that mirth really was disconcerting. Of course, knowing that there was a soul housed within the body of my car was also pretty strange.
"Well, Egg, you did a great job,” I said, patting the little dragon on the head while ignoring Sam's mocking tone. Aside from almost toppling to my possible demise, I thought I had done fairly well. Egg appeared to be quite pleased with the evening's results. "I guess it's time we went home, Sam," I said, turning the key in the ignition. A map directing me back to The Estate promptly appeared on the HUD as I placed the car in drive and completed a U-turn in the street.
My life had changed so much in the last eight hours that I could barely believe it. I asked myself if I was dreaming at least three times on the way back and was about to ask a fourth time when I drove past a McDonalds. I was tempted to use the drive-through just to see the look on the attendants face as I pulled up to the window in a grossly expensive automobile and suit. At that point I knew I wasn't dreaming. No one questions the urge to be a smartass in a dream? If I hadn't snapped mentally by this point, chances were that I'd adapt sooner or later.
Chapter 9
The remainder of the drive home happened without incident. I had actually been expecting another attack of some sort and my shoulders had started to bunch toward the base of my neck. The first thing I was going to do after speaking to Aphrodite, was check out the ensuite bathroom and see if it actually had a bath. If it did, I would be soaking for at least an hour. I shook my head at the thought as I realized that I was planning a bath after chatting with a god.
Oh yes, my life had definitely changed. As to whether or not it had actually changed for the better remained to be seen. Sure, I was bumping elbows with gods and demigods but my life would also be at risk on a daily basis. The moment I formulated this question in my mind, I remembered the look on Elena's face when she saw the change in her appearance. The doubt quickly faded, I was doing the right thing. I was where I should be I thought as I pulled into the parking garage.
I turned the engine of after thanking Sam and placing her in park. I grinned as I thought of my father and what he would be like if he had to thank his car for its service on a regular basis. He'd probably walk a lot more. 
"Egg, why don't you go and hang out in my room while I speak to her loveliness?" I asked of Egg while I held the door for him to climb out. Egg gave a little trill and disappeared with a slight whoosh. I did the same as I fixed the image of the carpet outside Aphrodite's door in my mind. The familiar sounds and pressure change in my ears accompanied the transition.
'Oh my god,' I thought, 'that's what the whoosh and pop must be, air displacement!' It actually felt good to have figured something out without having to ask Wellington. Now all I had to do was give my report and then I could have a good hot soak. I was struck with a sudden feeling of trepidation as I thought that Aphrodite might have wanted me to act as the answer to Elena's prayers. There was only one way to find out.
I barely rapped at the door when it opened. The goddess of love and beauty stood before me in the long luxurious lingerie that she probably wore to bed. "Well," she said impatiently, "come in." Aphrodite stepped aside and shooed me through the door. 
Stepping briskly, I entered the chambers and was immediately hauled by the hand to the daybed where I had sat with her earlier. "You must tell me everything," she urged. "Leave nothing out,” she said with excitement. 
I began to relate the events of my first mission. I was stopped when I reached the point in my tale where I had begun to brush Elena's hair. "You actually took the time to brush her hair?" the goddess asked in surprise.
"Was that wrong?" I asked concerned.
I was shocked breathless as Aphrodite lurched forward and grabbed my face in her hands. The kiss she planted on my lips left me lightheaded. Once she had finished kissing me into submission, she hugged my shoulders and rested her head on the side of my neck.
"Please finish," she asked. 
I had to clear my throat a couple of times before I could speak but was finally able to finish my story. "Thankfully she didn't see me slam my head as I popped into the car,” I said in ending. This caused the goddess to bury her face in my neck and giggle for a moment before she could compose herself and speak while looking me in the eyes.
"I should have taken more time explaining godly travel to you,” Aphrodite said annoyed with herself. “Wellington didn’t mention anything about our form of travel?" Aphrodite asked with a mixture of concern and humor.
"No,” I replied flatly, "other than to mention that the shoes were spelled. I don't think he expected me to be leaving The Estate this evening." 
The elder nodded sagely with slight grin spreading across her lovely face. "The first thing you want to remember about stepping, as some of us call it, is that it truly is more mental than physical," Aphrodite said, suddenly taking on the mannerisms of a science teacher. With those words she disappeared from beside me and appeared sitting on her bed, only to vanish and appear standing in front of me. "You can envision not only the place you wish to transition to but your relation to that place," she schooled patiently.
"So, place and posture?" I asked.
"Place, posture, speed and movement,” she said with a devilish grin. As my eyes lifted from her cleavage to her eyes, she disappeared to reappear five feet away and two and half feet off the ground. As Aphrodite landed she executed a spin and jumped again. At the apex of her jump she disappeared and appeared beside me, once again sitting on the couch. Aphrodite giggled as her sudden appearance startled me.
"Ok," I said, as I jumped slightly, "that is really cool! So, I can transition as fast as I can think?" I asked, my mind buzzing with possibilities.
"Yes, and you can be executing any movement you can imagine as you transition," she finished. 
My face lit up as I imagined telling Belinde. "I can hardly wait to tell Belinde,” I said, immediately after thinking the words. “You did send word that I was going out didn't you?" I asked as an afterthought.
"I did," the goddess replied. "She was quite unhappy that you left her behind. Actually, she threw a tantrum,” the elder finished with a disturbed look that left me suddenly concerned.
"You didn't turn her into a monkey or a newt or anything, did you?"
Aphrodite suddenly covered her mouth as she sparkled with spontaneous laughter. "Nothing of the sort,” she said, once she had regained control of herself. She began to color slightly as she spoke. "I kissed her," she admitted. She smiled as my mouth dropped open. "It was one hell of a kiss, I must say, even by my standards," she finished as she held out a hand while inspecting her manicure.
"Is she ok?" I asked. 
Aphrodite raised an eyebrow and regarded me with a mischievous expression. "She is quite a talented lover, I must say,” Aphrodite commented. “You really should consider a dalliance with her." It was my turn to blush.
"That's not what I meant,” I said.
"I know, Declan." the goddess said, rolling her eyes. "Don't be such a prude. Other than a lingering urge to write me a few verses of poetry, she is quite well," Aphrodite said as she straightened a bit of lingerie that had ridden up to expose an exquisite thigh. "I left her sitting on her bed in a bit of a swoon," she finished proudly.
My shoulders sagged in relief. I felt responsible for Belinde. She had been dragged into this whole affair because of me. My thoughts caught up with the present and I asked out loud. "What the heck is a dalliance? Is that like an affair?" I questioned. 
Aphrodite gave a small unladylike little snort of laughter before answering, "Yes Declan, I am referring to an affair."
"You do remember that she's a succubus, right? What happens if I fall asleep afterwards? Who'll step up be the adjustor then?" The elder goddess broke down into full laughter and slumped against my shoulder as she jiggled away, laughing shamelessly.
"Oh Declan," she said, still convulsing slightly from residual laughter, "your trusted retainer will bring you no harm." With that she rose, indicating that our meeting was at an end.
I received a kiss on the forehead before leaving by the door. Once outside, I transitioned to my room. Egg was curled up on the floor in front of a fireplace I hadn't known existed. I nodded to the little dragon who had raised his head at my arrival. Crossing the room I pressed the panel Wellington had indicated was the door to the bathroom. Wow! These people knew how to put together a bathroom! I stared in wonder at the marble bathtub, the sink and mirrors and the matching toilet with bidet. I could easily throw a party in this bathroom; all I would need was a few chairs, a card table and some music.
The far corner of the bathtub had a large overhead shower apparatus but no apparent curtain or doors surrounding it. I'd have to look into that later. For now, I wanted to soak away my crazy day in this prince of bathtubs. In moments, I had the drain closed and the proper temperature of water running at full blast to fill the massive tub. By the time I returned from hanging my suit in the closet, the tub was almost full. I chuckled briefly at the thought of trying to fill this tub with the pathetic water pressure at my old apartment. It would easily have taken an afternoon.
I found a small grotto at one end of the tub that was practically form fitted to my body and stretched out to let the heat soak into my bones. After a few minutes my eyelids crept open and I started looking around the tub for soap, a back brush, anything a person might use to get clean but couldn't find a single item that fit the description. "Ok, that's odd,” I said out loud to myself. "How does a guy get clean?" The water in the tub began to swirl and froth around me. I felt every pore being scrubbed out, including the underside of my finger and toenails. 'Why fight it?' I thought and lowered my head beneath the churning water.
As I came up for air, the water calmed and returned to the placid steaming pool it had been moments before. I noticed the temperature difference on my head immediately and reached a hand up to make sure I still had hair. I suddenly realized with a little shame that my scalp was just sensitive because every single pore had been scrubbed out, probably for the first time since birth. Most of us don't have magic bathtubs at home. I couldn't help but think of The Estate as a grownups Hogwarts. I felt very lucky and especially spoiled in that moment.
Stepping out of the tub, I looked around for a towel and saw nothing. "Ok, how does a guy get dry?" I asked out loud. 'I should have expected this.' I said to myself as gusts of warm air patted and buffed me from all directions. When the wind died down I ran a hand over my arm and noticed it was dry. Checking my hair I noticed it was also dry, though it was sticking out it every direction. I went over to the sink to search for some type of hair product to calm my unruly mop yet found nothing but a single brush.
The brush reminded me of a masculine version of the one I had delivered to a young lady this very evening. Oh well, it was all I had. Of course the moment I began running the brush through my hair, my hair became soft and compliant. I should have known that everything in the bathroom would be enchanted. Thankfully I didn't have to use the toilet, the very thought made me quite uncomfortable.
Leaving my magical bathroom, I was about to check the closet for pajamas when I heard a knock at the door. I looked around but wasn't fortunate enough to find a robe hanging from a hook or bed post. Great, I was standing in my own bedroom trapped by my nakedness. "Who is it?" I called, hoping that it would be Wellington who answered.
"It's me, Belinde," Belinde whined from outside my door. 
Grabbing a pillow from the bed to hold across my waist I approached the door. "Bel?" I asked in surprise. "What do you want? I just got out of the bath and I can't find a robe," I complained at the door.
"Declan, I'm hungry," Belinde whined outside the bedroom door.
"We just had a feast not two hours ago," I replied.
"Not that kind of hungry," she whined.
"Then forget about coming in! I'm sleepy!" I said, sincerely concerned as I started pacing back and forth in front of the door. "Bel, I had an amazing night and I don't know how much longer I can stay up!" I said, hoping Belinde would listen to reason.
"I've had a pretty amazing night myself and believe me; I can keep you up as long as I want!" Bel snapped from outside the door.
I had been carrying a torch for Belinde for over a year only to find out that if I was unlucky enough to fall asleep around her, I might never wake up again. Now I had to deal with the situation because if she really wanted in, I sincerely doubted that the bedroom door would be strong enough to keep her out. If I could send her away before I fell asleep, I stood a chance of surviving until morning.
I opened the door, still holding the pillow across my waist. Belinda was leaning against the door jamb dressed in lingerie with her arms crossed under her ample bosom. She lifted her chin to indicate she was displeased with being held at bay outside my room. The effect was somewhat countered as she lowered her eyes to glance mischievously at the pillow I was holding over my groin. I felt like a lobster in a tank at an expensive restaurant. The girl of my dreams was standing outside my bedroom door and I was not reacting anything like I had in well over a hundred fantasies.
I was awarded a stunning view of the lingerie that Bel was wearing under the diaphanous robe as it billowed outward when she stormed past me into the room. It had been hard enough seeing Belinde in that amazing gown but I knew I was doomed seeing her in lingerie that would make a Victoria’s Secret model jealous. Belinde turned to face me with her back to the secretary desk beside the bed, far too close to the bed for my liking. It wasn't like I was a prude or anything but it had been a long day. If anything happened between Bel and I, I'd be fast asleep in no time and she had already admitted to being hungry.
"Why are you being such a chicken shit?" Belinde demanded.
"Come on Bel, you already said that you were hungry! If I fall asleep and anything happens, who is going to do my job? They'll probably burn you at the stake or turn you into a newt or something," I said, trying to convince Belinde that eating me was a real no-no. "I'm protecting both of us!" I practically shouted in closing.
Belinda let out a scandalized squeal and grabbed my pillow to swat me across the head with it. With her near vampire strength, I was glad she had chosen something soft. At least I was glad until I realized I was standing in front of her completely nude. In a desperate attempt to cover myself I grasped Bel's waist and lifted her up onto the secretary desk and moved in to block her view. Possibly not the best decision I could have made since she immediately wrapped her legs around my waist. I could feel the heat of her against my most sensitive parts. This wasn't going to end well.
"Bel." I began, before being interrupted.
"Declan, shut up. It doesn't work that way and I've taken an oath to protect you, even with my life," she pleaded.
"Can you control yourself and not go too far?" I asked, expecting Belinde to admit the danger of our position.
"Normally, no,” Belinde admitted. “That's why I've always had to trick men into forcing themselves on me." She exhaled a deep sigh, which I'll admit was wonderful to watch. "The more passion, the greater the risk I'll take too much," she finished. Then Belinde looked up and met my eyes with hope and expectation. "The goddess Aphrodite has assured me that the bond will keep us safe." Belinde blushed furiously as she mentioned the elder goddess.
Aphrodite's words from earlier in the evening came back to me. Belinde timidly placed a hand on my chest. Her eyes were moist and for the first time I actually saw her vulnerable. I had wanted this more than anything I could imagine for what seemed like a lifetime. As I leaned forward I could feel her heat and moisture. Little puffs of breath came from Bel's nose and mouth to play about my chin and lips. The time it took for my body to travel the few inches separating our lips lasted a moment and a lifetime. The rotation of the planet must have slowed to a crawl, and separate molecules of hydrogen and oxygen were plinking against each other like billiard balls on a pool table. Finally our lips met with an electric spark of passion that should have ignited the furniture around us.
Belinde was beginning to grind herself against me. I had felt heat and moisture before but now she was hot and passionately wet. I could no longer resist and began pushing against her. Bel let out a moan of pleasure as she felt my hardness pressing against the wet lingerie between us. Thrusting her tongue into my mouth, she reached down and tore her own panties away in a single motion. The sound of rending fabric seemed to ignite her passion further and she began frantically kissing me while grinding ever harder against me. 
I dug my fingers into Bel's hair, wrapping thick locks of her luxurious hair around my fisted fingers. She was starting to tilt her pelvis each time she ground herself against me. Penetration came unexpectedly and easily from ample moisture. Belinde arched her back forward and began to slowly tilt her pelvis, savoring the moment as she took me entirely into her. When I had finally entered her completely, she began a slow rocking back and forth rhythm, tilting as she came forward.
A gentle yet primal purr began to release itself from deep within Belinde's chest. The sound was affecting me at a cellular level. I had never in my life felt so aroused, so vital, and so hungry for the passion of another. Pulling Bel tightly to my chest and forcing myself deep within her, I picked the diminutive little succubus up off the secretary desk and transferred her to the bed. 
Not a single moment passed where Bel's rocking, tilting rhythm of animalistic passion was interrupted. Now, with my weight upon her, she seemed to deepen her lustful yet controlled frenzy. The purr in Bel's chest had taken on the lusty overtones of a growl that spread to her throat. The sound itself was igniting an animal need within me that was truly a force of nature. 
I buried my face in Bel's cleavage and was rewarded by an intense feeling of softness and strength. A mingling of scents tickled my nose; jasmine, lavender, honey and something I really liked but couldn't quite identify. Without breaking our rhythm, I lowered a hand to Bel's waist and pulled the sash of her robe loose. The whisper thin fabric fell away exposing more of her tiny yet dramatically proportioned frame. Another more delicate sash revealed itself from under the robe and I pulled it loose as well. With the release of the thin layers of fabric, I was finally able to see all of Belinde's exquisite figure and it literally took my breath away. 
In the brief moment that I was shocked into inactivity, Belinde flipped me quite suddenly onto my back and straddled me. Her rocking, tilting and thrusting motion began anew with greater urgency and power. I was at Bel's mercy and I couldn't have pulled away from her even if I had wanted to. Making love to someone of near vampire strength was teaching me something. All of Bel's muscles were near vampire strength and I do mean all. The two of us were moaning openly now and I was amazed that neither of us had climaxed yet. 
"Can we come together?" Belinde asked breathlessly.
"Yes," was my only reply. Not much of my brain was still functioning and even more of it shut down when Bel leaned forward and planted a savage kiss on my open mouth.
I knew that I was close to a monumental orgasm as I felt Belinde’s lips begin to travel down my neck. Moments later I felt a slight prick at my neck and it was like a fuse had been lit. Belinde released my neck a second later and her back arched dramatically. A silent scream was on her lips as I suddenly exploded into her. Over and over again my body was rocked by wave after wave of ecstasy as I experienced the longest orgasm of my life. 
Belinda let out a loud moan of complete rapture and gripped my body with her thighs. She was slowly grinding against me once again, with slight shudders consistently breaking her rhythm. Finally she leaned forward and rested her ample bosom against my chest and sighed into my neck. I could feel Bel's perfect little nipples still hard and pressing into my chest. The feeling was welcome and stirred something within me. I made a motion to roll her over and kiss her but found I was completely devoid of strength. I couldn't even lift my head. "Bel, I think you went too far,” I said without concern, I felt far too satisfied to be concerned, "I think I'm dying." 
Belinde lifted her head and looked into my eyes. "Your heartbeat is strong. You'll survive," she said with a grin as she levered herself up from the bed. Selecting only the diaphanous robe from the remnants of her lingerie, Bel covered herself and slipped out my door.
I was starting to nod off when just a few moments after leaving, Belinde returned with a tray of cheese, crackers and grapes. Pouring a small glass of wine from a small decanter on the tray, Belinde lifted my head and poured a few sips of wine into my mouth. "My god! That is delicious!" I exclaimed. 
Belinde placed a small wedge of cheese on a cracker and placed the morsel on my tongue. I began to chew greedily and as I finished one tasty snack Bel would be waiting with another. My little nymph seemed to take great pleasure in watching me enjoy each tasty morsel of food. I couldn't help but wonder if a moment could ever be more perfect.
Together, Belinde and I snacked from the tray she had brought from the downstairs kitchen. It took a few moments for me to realize that my strength had returned. "You got this stuff from the pantry, didn't you?" I asked.
"Of course," Belinde replied, "it works well, doesn't it?"
"It's got to be enchanted," I reasoned. "All the food in that pantry must be. Hey! You bit me!" I exclaimed as one thought verbally interrupted another.
Belinde looked at me with a shocked expression and replied, "I asked first." And with that, she tilted her chin up and away from me in a haughty fashion.
"When?" I asked, knowing full well that I had missed something.
"I did, when I asked if we could come together," she finished with a pouty display. Belinde knew she was busted.
"Don't give me that! You little scoundrel," I snapped with a big smile completely destroying the gruffness I was trying to project. Belinde broke out into girlish laughter, her bosom bouncing joyously along to the cadence of her mirth. "How about, in the future, we just pretend that I don't know anything at all about vampires?" 
"Succubae," she interrupted to correct me.
"Those too," I finished, with a stern look. "Ok?" I asked when she didn't answer right away.
"Yeah, ok," she pouted. "I just got so worked up after the goddess kissed me tonight and I haven't fed for so long." She was beginning to look emotional. 
Like any normal guy, I started to panic the moment it looked like a woman might cry. "Why doesn't it seem like you really took any blood at all?" I asked before she could get weepy.
"Oh, we don't need much. That's why our fangs are so much smaller." she gave me a winning smile and suddenly a delicate set of fangs slid down into the groove between her third and fourth teeth on each side. The fangs retracted as quickly as they had appeared and she said, "The blood is our bond to the energy. We take only enough blood to create that bond and we draw the energy out during orgasm."
"Oh my God!" I exclaimed. "The legend is total crap or ass backwards! You don't feed while we sleep, it's while you're sleeping with us!" I was tempted to smack a palm off my forehead. Belinde was rolling back and forth on the bed with a grape between her teeth, giggling like a fool. "Chew that grape before you choke on it, smartass," I scolded.
"Usually that legend works pretty damn well for us, you know, 'Oh we'll just have to keep you awake then,' or, 'I'll find some way to keep you up.' " Both of us were chuckling by that point.
"How about, 'Believe me, I can keep you up as long as I want!' huh?" I said as we simultaneously burst out laughing.
"You know I could have just carried you into the bathroom,” Belinde said, “and dumped you under the shower for a minute afterwards."
"What?" I asked. "Water restores your victims?" Belinde slapped my shoulder slightly at this.
"No, you twit. 'Victims'. Ugh!" she muttered before continuing. "The shower is connected to what they call ‘The Spring Eternal’. It's not just any water. I think it might be the Fountain of Youth. Anyway, all the baths and showers are connected to it in some way."
That explained a lot. Between the food and the water, it was no wonder that Romeo and Wellington had been able to work for the elders for so long. "Well, why didn't you?" I asked, remembering just how weak I had been after her feeding. "Too played out after our sport?" I asked a little smugly.
"No, I'm a lot stronger now than I was before I fed." She looked into my eyes and even though I deserved a little reproachfulness for my attitude, I saw only warmth. My heart went out to her at that moment. "I thought a snack would be nice and I didn't want to bruise your ego by carrying you,” she said with touching sincerity. “Thank you,” Belinde added softly.
“For what?” I asked.
“For not treating me like I was cheap, for making love to me and not just using me,” the tiny succubus said in vulnerable yet proud voice.
"How about you save some of those grapes for later," I suggested, "or you could just carry me into the shower afterward, as long as you stay and wash my back," I finished with a wink.
Chapter 10
I awoke feeling like I had been on a two-month vacation in the tropics. I was a little dehydrated, but not a single knot to be found anywhere on my body. Well, maybe one knot I realized as I tied the robe Belinde had found me last night a little tighter. I knew I should get dressed, but I wasn't doing a damn thing before I had a nice breakfast and a cup of coffee. Stepping into a pair of slippers from the closet, I used my new found skill and equipment to transition to the kitchen doorway. 
I heard Belinde talking as I entered. "I think I'm dying, he says in the same tone of voice that you would say, 'mmmmm, coffee.’" 
"Mmmm, I smell coffee," I interrupted as I tried not to laugh at Belinde's scandalized expression. "I thought ladies didn't kiss and tell," I stated offhandedly as I began following the scent trail towards a coffee carafe on the counter.
"Then you still have a bit to learn about ladies, it seems," Wellington replied for Belinde in a clipped British retort. ‘Women,’ I thought, taking a cup from the tray beside the carafe. I poured myself a steaming cup of coffee and savored the smell before taking a tentative sip. "Ahhh," I sighed, pure caffeinated heaven.
Belinde wore a devilish little grin as I approached the small table that she and Wellington were seated at. Not much for public displays of affection, I couldn't help but plant a small kiss on Bel's forehead before taking a seat beside her. 
"I'm sure you must be famished after your busy night," Wellington said with a conspiratorial glance at Belinde who smiled and blushed down to her bust line. "Chef will be here soon to cook breakfast. Make yourself comfortable and enjoy your coffee," Wellington advised. 
Belinde was already showered and dressed. I hadn't heard her wake or leave, but then again I had been sleeping quite soundly. Sex with my amazing little succubus was better than warm milk. A dreamy smile stole its way across my face as I remembered the events of the previous evening.
"Declan" Belinde repeated, "what do you want for breakfast?" she asked, probably for the second time. 
I had been staring off into space lost in a rather pleasant daydream. I looked up to see a cherubic little man with a pencil mustache and an actual chef hat smiling at me. Though I was seated, I was still practically at eye level with the little man.
"Some breakfast mon ami?" the little man asked with a smile.
"Yes please, Chef,” I answered. “Bacon, two eggs sunny side up, hash browns and toast."
"Of course, sir," Chef agreed amiably. Quickly collecting orders from Wellington and Belinde, he bustled off further into his kitchen to prepare our breakfast.
"I've heard rumors that you had an unscheduled outing last night," Wellington offered as a conversation starter.
"I didn't know that these things were scheduled,” I replied and paused to take a sip of the delicious French roast coffee. "It was kind of a crazy day and at the end of it when a goddess asks me for a favor, well it just seemed like the thing to do," I finished.
Wellington gave a slight snicker before he spoke. "Trust me Declan, we are all well aware of the elder’s charms. Saying no to her doesn't usually cross one's mind,” he finished in a sagely manner.
Belinde cleared her throat in a dainty fashion and the two of us noticed her blushing once again. "No, it sure doesn't,” I said with a grin as Belinde kicked me under the table.
"I would love to hear about your first assignment, if it's not too much to ask at breakfast?" Wellington asked.
"It was probably the equivalent of a basket weaving course in high school,” I said as I remembered almost falling of a balcony railing with some embarrassment. "It was just a simple mission. Do you really want to hear about it?" I said, hoping that he wouldn't be interested but both he and Belinde nodded enthusiastically.
I relayed the events of the previous evening to Wellington hoping that Belinde wouldn't snap at me for only giving her the cliff notes version last night. Wellington seemed interested in the smallest of details so I offered up all the information he wanted. I had just gotten up to pour a second cup of coffee when Chef arrived with breakfast. I hadn't noticed the quaint little serving trolley loaded down with our steaming breakfast plates until I almost tripped over it.
Chef was already placing plates out in order as I returned to my chair. Belinde was hungrily eyeing her plate of Eggs Benedict and was in danger of openly drooling. Wellington was primly tucking a napkin in at his collar as Chef placed ham and eggs in front of him. I took my seat as the aromatic scents of breakfast stirred my hunger.
"Your beautiful retainer has apologized in advance for your habit of smothering your food with ketchup," Chef said with a smile coloring his ever-present French accent. Bel would know as she'd seen me drowning my fries with ketchup often enough. I was touched that she had remembered though. I shrugged with a little embarrassment when he handed me a small white serving bowl. The bowls lid was notched to allow for the spoon handle sticking out of it. I set the bowl down on my right as he placed an oval platter in front of me. "Bon appétit mes amis," Chef said with a slight bow and wheeled his little trolley away.
The platter in front of me was a work of art. The hash browns were a colorful golden mound of potato with flecks of green, red and the stark black of cracked pepper. The potatoes smelled heavenly, my eggs were a perfect over easy and the bacon appeared to be the perfect density and crispness. I had to sample the bacon first, of course. I picked up a half slice of toast and poked it into the center of one of my eggs. A rich dark golden yolk oozed out onto the toast. I bit greedily into the wedge of toast and was rewarded with the taste of a farm fresh egg that had been cooked by a master. The amazing toast itself was thick and hearty with an almost sweet nutty taste. The suspense was killing me by this point so I picked up a fork and tried the hash browns. I could honestly say that these were the best hash browns I had ever tasted. Hell, this was easily the best breakfast I had ever been treated to.
"My god Wellington, how do you live like this?" I asked in amazement.
"We all have our little crosses to bear,” he said with a wink. "You will notice that Chef takes liberties if he doesn't agree with your choice of preparation," Wellington said as he pointed at my eggs with the tip of his fork. I stared down at my eggs for a moment before I remembered that I had ordered my eggs sunny side up.
"That's fine,” I said waving the matter away, "I actually prefer them this way but most cooks can't get them right. It's safer just to order sunny side up," I finished with a smile.
"Chef certainly isn't 'most cooks.’" Wellington said knowingly. With that we all munched away contentedly. I sighed with regret when I had finished my meal. I felt very satisfied by my meal but it was so tasty that, once done, I was already missing it like a friend. Wellington chuckled and patted me on the shoulder in consolation. I would be seeing a lot of Coach if I didn't start exercising some serious control at the table.
With another heartfelt sigh, I stood. There were things to do and I had best get my day started. I excused myself from Belinde and Wellington. After my amazing breakfast I was looking forward to a long hot shower. Whatever the day held in store for me, I would be meeting it well-fed.
Once I reached what I figured was a polite distance from the table, I transitioned directly to my bedroom. To my surprise, I didn't see Egg at his customary place at the foot of the bed. Believing there was a limit to the trouble Egg could find on his own, I made my way to the bathroom for my morning ablutions. 
The shower was every bit as magical as the bath had been the night before and, though men try not to let on, we do care about such things, I was pleased to note the healthy glow to my skin as I finished brushing my hair.
I chose a simple black sweater shirt from the selection at hand and a pair of simple semi-casual dress pants. I didn't see the point in khakis and a t-shirt if I had nice clothes and free dry-cleaning available. I would enjoy. I made sure to check for the winged symbol on the pair of dress shoes I selected, secretly thankful to have found a pair that didn't look too insanely expensive. I could barely make out the shape of the choker necklace under the thin sweater but decided it was better under the garment than worn openly. Buckling a dressy black leather belt into place, I turned expecting to find Egg and was surprised to notice he was still missing.
As I pondered the question of where Egg might be, I was suddenly treated to an unsettling vision overlaid upon my own. The vision itself wasn't unsettling but the fact that I was having trouble navigating was. I saw Smith working away at something on his workbench and suddenly realized that I must be seeing him through Egg's eyes. I had to smile as this little discovery could come in quite useful. 
Fighting the urge to click my heels together, I transitioned to the doorway directly outside the armory. You wouldn't think it, but I was already becoming used to transitioning, or stepping as some of the elders referred to, as a mode of travel. Not thinking of the mode of travel as 'teleporting' would take a little longer.
Pushing the massive doors open, I was greeted by a hearty and somewhat booming 'Good morning!' by Smith. Egg trilled away happily at my arrival. I greeted Smith with a smile and a handshake. "I see you're up early, Egg,” I said in greeting to my little dragon. Egg struck a regal pose and tapped the trinity knot on his chest with one of his little arms. I noticed the triquetra on the center of his chest, proudly thrust forward with intentional meaning. "You have been on official business?" I asked, humoring the charming little beast. Egg nodded once then hopped up onto the workbench to retrieve a belt before hopping back down.
"Been here since the crack of dawn, the little slave driver. Has it in his head that your work order should be ready for your first day," Smith commented with a proud chuckle as he handed me another ring.
"Another Super-Bowl ring? And I didn't get you anything,” I said with a wasted grin as I realized that Smith missed the reference completely. "Thank you, Smith,” I said, gesturing with the ring. "Since you didn't get down on one knee, I'll assume this goes with the belt?" I said before I realized my sense of humor might get me killed. Luckily Smith got the reference this time and barked with laughter. I would have viewed the moment as a success if he hadn't clapped me on the back in mirth and practically knocked me out.
Once I was able to breathe again properly, I exchanged my old belt for the new one. I marveled at the self-sizing ring shrinking to fit the ring finger of my left hand. Eager to try out my new prize, I swept my left hand up and past my belt. As expected, I felt the cool metal of the stubby rifle I had nicknamed the ‘Bulldog’. I won't lie. I felt like a real badass. Smith, of course, was beaming with pride and I knew the expression on my face was all the thanks he needed. "Smith, you are a true artist,” I said with gratitude.
"That, laddie, is nothing compared to the wonder I have to show you!" Smith stage whispered with unbridled excitement. I turned back to the workbench at his enthusiastic gesturing. New toys were a sure way to catch my interest. Smith picked up a sheet of fabric roughly the size of a queen-size bed sheet. At first I thought it was a charcoal grey, but soon noticed it was a mixture of silver and black. 
"That's nice,” I said, slightly brought down. "I'd love a jacket made of that stuff," I mentioned as an afterthought.
"You'll have it!" Smith said with pride. I looked at Smith with obvious puzzlement. The fabric was catchy, sure, but I didn't understand why he was so excited about it. Sensing my confusion, Smith tilted his head back and laughed. "This was your idea boy! Aren't you prancing to test it?" he pleaded with enthusiasm.
Realization dawned on me as I looked at the fabric in his hands. "This is your version of ballistic fabric?" I asked in disbelief.
"That and more, my good lad! Much more," Smith finished with a conspirators grin.
"Hell yeah, I wanna test it!" I agreed and stepped back as Smith threw the fabric over his shoulder like a toga and walked away.
"This should be far enough," he said, pulling a generous amount of the fabric across his chest and pointing at his heart.
"What, you want me to shoot you?" I blurted with sincere concern.
"Hell yeah!" Smith agreed, wholeheartedly adopting the modern euphemism. A look of surprise appeared quite comically on Smith's face. "You are a competent aim?" Smith asked, sounding a bit like Wellington in his serious manner but with a touch of honest boyish concern.
I produced, aimed and fired the bulldog in one smooth motion. My aim was, to pardon the pun, dead on. The round hit the exact spot Smith had indicated over his heart. The sharp rapport of the rifle was echoed by a strange clang that rang loudly from the fabric draped over Smith's shoulder and chest. I had a moment of shock as Smith's eyes bulged in surprise but relaxed with a huge smile split his features from ear to ear.
 "Incredible!" Smith roared. "I felt nothing!" he exclaimed, practically dancing with excitement. "Quickly, a heavy round if you would," he instructed. Shaking my head at the very thought of our foolishness, I fired a heavy round at the same spot. Once again, the sound of the rifle was immediately answered by the ringing clang, only the pitch was lower and the volume was significantly louder.
"Smith," I shouted with honest intensity, "that's bloody amazing! How did you do it?" Smith smiled and tapped a big meaty finger to his right temple.
"You made me think when you showed me that little trick with the sand and then started talking with Angus about his pillow,” Smith said with a big grin. “The real magic happened when you planted the seed of music in my head!" Smith finished proudly.
"Music?" I asked. "I don't remember talking about music. Unless you mean the vibration traveling down the strings of a guitar to spread across the body. I remember saying something about that." I said, slightly confused at how that could possibly have helped.
"Neither one of your ideas by itself was enough to solve the problem, but together, well together they were mighty indeed!" Smith complemented with obvious pleasure. His face was positively beaming.
I was about to ask the first of a hundred questions when what sounded like a giants hunting horn sounded inside my head. Smith went white as a ghost and Egg trilled like a car alarm. ‘Great Hall’ came to mind, and Smith and I bellowed this thought simultaneously. I had no idea where the thought came from but I didn't waste a second before stepping directly to the Great Hall. 
My transition brought me to the one spot fixed most clearly in my mind. The exposed root of the world tree came into crisp focus as I opened my eyes. Everything seemed in order until a prickling of the hairs at the back of my neck caused me to whirl in place. Approaching me menacingly from behind was a pasty figure in a plain black business suit. A rictus grin was plastered across his corpse-like face and his hands were outstretched as if to choke the life from me.
Before a cogent thought could form in my mind, I had drawn my sword and was watching Mr. Pasty's head roll from his shoulders. I kicked the still standing body in the chest and noticed what looked like a submachine gun slung from a strap over its shoulder. "Who bothers with a choke hold when they're carrying a P-90?" I asked out loud as something crashed to the floor on my right. 
Wheeling to my right, I saw Heimdallr lying flat on his back with a pattern of holes up the left side of his torso, each hole oozing blood. Just past Heimdallr was the body of what looked like one of the little fuzzy trolls with the big noses that you see at toyshops. Only this one was the size of a station wagon. Standing over the giant guard with a spiked club the size of a motorcycle, was another one of the brutish creatures.
I dropped my sword, pulled the bulldog from its resting place between worlds and was about to put a round through the monster's head when a sharp trill and the mental image of another submachine caused me to tuck and roll. I could hear bullets cutting through the air over my head as I came up firing. Round after round tore through the body of the second troll with satisfyingly wet slaps.
Another crash off to my right drew my attention back to Heimdallr who was still lying prone on the floor. Smith had joined the fray with the biggest axe I had ever seen. He was currently going toe to toe with a third troll when another appeared behind him. At first I thought it was going to attack Smith from behind, but it started for the helpless Heimdallr. Its club was raised to crash down upon the unconscious guard when I brought my gun to bear. 
I selected the large rounds and put one dead center into its chest. The impact lifted the massive creature off its feet as a good portion of its chest flew out its back in a mixture of vapor and chunks. I was congratulating myself on the kill when once again Egg's warning trill echoed through the hall and my mind. I whirled around to face what I knew was behind me but I was too slow. I got a good look at the giant mace descending toward my head and knew I'd never get my gun up in time for a shot.
Slow motion took over and I felt a brief moment of regret at not being able to fulfill my duty when I heard lightning crackle and the descending mace sprang backward before dropping from lifeless fingers. Tracking a fleeting movement I glanced back to my right in time to see Thor, God of Thunder, grasp the handle of his returning hammer. Quickly casting my gaze back to the left I saw a cavernous hole where the trolls face had been. Then I had to scramble to avoid the mountain of flesh as it toppled toward me.
We stood in the hall silently for a moment. Smith, Thor and I looked at each other until our silence was broken by the body of a pasty gunman I hadn't noticed until it was spat out at my feet. Egg sat back on his haunches and towered above me looking smug. "Good work, Egg." I congratulated the dragon who had probably saved my life. "Don't forget to put the chairs back," I added with a grin as I noticed that only two chairs remained along one side of the table.
We stood watching the fascinating sight of my dragon growing smaller by the moment as he paused to redeposit chair after chair along the length of the table, until our attention was drawn by a nearby groan. With a guilty realization, the three of us rushed to Heimdallr as he groaned a second time. Thor knelt beside the giant guard cradling his head and stilling the hand that kept trying to lift the sword it still grasped. 
"Be still my friend. The danger has passed," Thor said with surprising tenderness.
"The pass," Heimdallr gasped, "they came through the pass,” he finished before a coughing fit prevented him from saying anything further. Thor's eyes shot up to meet Smith’s who wasn't looking the slightest bit pleased with the situation.
"Goibhniu, take Heimdallr to the healers. I have to warn Mother and the others. Adjustor, with me," the elder Thor barked at me with authority.
Odin strode into the hall followed closely by Belinde and Angus. Odin and Thor shared a silent moment locked in an intense gaze before the Elder of Elders nodded.
"Bel, stay here with Egg," I pleaded. "Get some heavy stuff in here, anything metal, in case Egg has to get big again." Belinde nodded with wide eyes, obviously frightened. "Don't let anything through this hall,” I said as Smith started dragging Heimdallr out of the hall to transition to the infirmary. Others were starting to arrive as I felt Thor's hand rest upon my shoulder. The mighty Thor raised his hammer and it began to glow a brilliant blue just before he marched me through the wall carving and onto the plateau atop the world tree.
Chapter 11
The moonlight was bright enough to see quite clearly for some distance. What I saw made me want to lose my breakfast. The countless bodies of troll-like beasts, similar to those I had just fought, littered the landscape. Bodies of the pasty humanlike figures were also in evidence, or more to the point, parts of the pasty figures were strewn all over the bloody place. "My god..,” I said in awe, "what the hell happened here?"
"A diversion," Thor answered as we walked briskly toward the standing stone circle. Stepping over a hundred body parts big and small, I had to wonder what could possibly warrant a diversion of this magnitude. I had never seen war in person before and I didn't know if I was capable of handling it. Nothing I had seen in magazines or on TV came close to illustrating the depth and scope of the carnage when war was up close and personal.
As we neared the standing stones, the evidence of a horrific battle grew more ghastly with every step. More than one body was pin-cushioned with a dozen or more arrows. Other bodies were charred beyond recognition as if hit by fire and lightning. I saw that there were at least three different types of trolls. The biggest ones were hairless, the medium size ones were covered in long hair from head to toe and the small ones were somewhere in between with bare bellies and faces. The hair on their ten-foot frames was longest on the heads and they had large comical noses. More than one troll had been chewed on by something big enough to have gotten the better of it, something I really didn't want to meet.
I was still thinking about what might have turned the trolls into giant chew toys when I noticed all the walking wounded near the stone circle. Thor practically bounded ahead and I had to run to keep up with him. There were heaps and piles of bodies where the invaders had been cleared away from the standing stones. The wounded were being tended to and more than a few were being mourned. My heart sank as I came to a standstill beside Thor.
"We're too late,” I said in utter dismay as I looked down upon the still body of a beautiful young woman, still clutching a bow in death. A single hole in her throat was a stark blemish on the beauty still evident. A lump was forming in my throat and I wanted to hit something. I hadn't really hated the Sly until this moment and there was a righteous rage building in me that was determined to vent on the next pasty or troll I could find.
"Mother!" I heard Thor shout. I looked up into Freya's captivating face and tears sprang to my eyes. She had been crying and the sight of it left me shaking with rage. My fists were balled up at my sides and I couldn't talk past the lump in my throat. Thankfully Thor was far more in control of his senses and emotions. "Mother, what happened here? Is the elder...?" Thor's voice trailed off.
"We lost none of the elders this day, but some number of our trusted and loved retainers did fall," Freya provided and Thor sagged with a sigh.
"The Sly?" Thor asked.
"Aye," the goddess answered, "it was they and they brought the Titans down upon us."
"I saw and trolls, no less," Thor answered with disbelief.
"Aye, the battle began here,” Freya commented. “We rallied soon after the chaos began and pushed them back. Zeus is still far too angry to speak and Artemis gave chase," she finished, struggling with tears and worry.
"Alone?" Thor exclaimed in question.
"Aye, I was about to send for the guardian when I saw you both. How could you have known?" she asked as her eyes bored into my soul.
"The Sly struck at The Estate," Thor said as he held up a hand to forestall Freya's concern. "The adjustor was there with his dragon and Goibhniu before the attack had a chance to start." Freya relaxed noticeably at Thor's words. "Heimdallr was injured but will heal. Only Goibhniu and I were able to join the fight before it was over," Thor said as he looked down toward me with pride, which I didn't feel worthy of. I'd be dead now if it hadn't been for him. I made a mental note to start watching my back.
"What can I do?" I asked, finally able to speak past the rage and guilt that I felt. Freya stepped forward and rested a hand on my shoulder.
"You must find her, Guardian," Freya pleaded in reference to the goddess Artemis. "She is impetuous and may be walking into a trap. You must find her before it is too late."
"Find Artemis? How?" I asked, feeling desperate in my uselessness.
"She needs you," was all Freya said, but that was enough. With those words, a throb took hold of my heart and I felt pulled toward a destination.
Without a single word I turned and began to run. Every few strides I leapt as if jumping from stone to stone across a stream. Only each jump took me through to a different realm, world upon world attached to the reality of Midgard, my world. Trees whipped past, followed by desert, grassy plains gave way on the next leap to water then running lava. I didn't sink in the water nor was I scalded by the lava. I suspected the shield of Guardianship must have something to do with this, but I was overcome by need and moving too fast to really think. 
I slowed and stopped sensing my destination. I could feel a pull to the building directly ahead of me. At the time, nothing struck me as strange but I was in a world very different from my own. Oh it was pretty much the same, but the trees lining the streets at exact municipal intervals weren't sporting green foliage but were instead dressed in long strands of orange hair. The people looked like normal people; however, they did have a decidedly green tinge to them. 
I drew puzzled glances as I sped towards the building that drew me onward, stopping short when I felt certain my target was near the roof. Glancing left then right, I saw a shorter building I felt confident I could transition to. After tipping backward off the edge of the building and quickly returning to my original spot, I decided on a more daring approach.
Wind whistled past my ears as I free fell toward the rooftop of my target building. I had chosen a spot in mid-air above the building’s roof, but from my vantage point at ground level, I sorely misjudged the distance. I had never been skydiving before and was having trouble keeping myself properly oriented, but at last I was able to spot a suitable landing site near a rooftop access door. I remembered to transition to that spot in a stationary standing position and was amazed that my kneecaps weren't driven through my shoulder blades. Einstein would have had an apoplectic fit at the number of physical laws I had just broken, and I would have chuckled at the thought if I hadn't just realized that a very sturdy and locked door was blocking my entry to the building.
The urgency in my heart was building to the point where I thought I was going to have a cardiac event. "Fuck it." I thought as I drew the bulldog and fired at the doorknob. A smoking hole the size of my head appeared where the doorknob had been. I kicked the door and felt the shock travel up to my hip. I cursed as I reached forward and easily pulled the door open. 
Running down the stairs, I paused to stop at each landing and turn 360 degrees. At the third landing, I felt I had the right floor. This time I checked to see if the door was locked and which way it opened before further torturing various body parts. The door facing me was unlocked and opened inward. I dropped the bulldog, watching it vanish as I stepped through the doorway.
Drawn by the sounds of conflict, I took down the hallway to the right at a dead run. I felt sure the goddess Artemis was on the opposite side of the building and I was feeling slightly winded as I drew close to the sound of a struggle. Rounding the last corner, I saw a beautiful, athletic woman firing arrow after arrow at figures dressed in black and carrying submachine guns. Blood oozed from a bullet graze on her shoulder as she stood from behind the cover of a reception desk to fire another volley of arrows in rapid succession, before once again ducking behind cover.
A bullet thunked into the wall above my head indicating my arrival had been detected. Slightly enraged, I pulled the bulldog and fired a heavy round at the corner the gunman had ducked behind. A satisfying boom sounded as the corner disappeared along with a fair portion of the gunman hiding behind it. I followed through with a second round as the new vantage revealed an additional group of gunmen moving forward in a squad. Three of their number vaporized on contact with the heavy round and the rest were knocked askew or scrambled for cover. I took the opportunity to dive behind the massive reception desk Artemis was using for cover.
"Elder, we have to leave now!" I yelled over the sound of automatic weapons being fired one handed around corners at us. 
Artemis looked calmly at me as a spray of wood and Formica flew over her head. "No," she replied flatly, "I will not run from those who dare to attack us in a holy place!" she finished vehemently. There wouldn't be any reasoning with her. She was obviously more enraged than I had been at the standing stones.
I was preparing to simply kidnap the petulant goddess and face a scathing tirade for my troubles, instead of digging in for an ill-advised pitched battle when a whoosh caught my attention. My last coherent thought was, 'That can't be good.' 
I was thrown back into the hallway like a rag doll when the concussion of the rocket fired at our hiding place detonated against the far side of the reception desk. Artemis hadn't been lying prone like I had and the initial shock wave had thrown her further down the hall. I stumbled over to her side and was relieved to find she was still breathing. My ears were ringing painfully and another spray of gunfire had me ducking once again. Not knowing what else to do, I grabbed Artemis and started dragging her around the corner.
I stopped twice to return fire and buy a few moments. I wanted to fire one handed while I continued to drag Artemis to safety but every time I took my left hand off the bulldog, it receded to its resting place between worlds. 
A second rocket solved my problem as its shockwave carried Artemis and I to the corner. Two tugs and I had her behind the scant cover the corner provided. I was so dazed by the two blasts I couldn't think clearly. 
"Egg! I need help!" I screamed mentally toward my little dragon.
Preparing for the final stand, I pulled Artemis' limp form further around the corner and took up a position in front of her when a thought struck me. I fired a few heavy rounds in the general direction of our attackers, then turned back and ran past Artemis just in time to catch a few of the pasties coming through the fire door. I opened fire and their bodies flew backward riddled with rounds from the bulldog.
Rushing forward I closed the door and slammed the security lock into place before returning to Artemis. I was just in time to catch another group of pasties breaking cover and heading towards our position. Once again opening up with large rounds from the bulldog, I cleared the present danger only to hear a battering commence at the fire door just behind me. 
Another rocket slammed into the corner of the wall and debris rained down on us. Artemis let out a groan as she fought for consciousness. I was too dazed to think. I was simply reacting from one moment to the next. I tried to rise but my legs weren't moving properly and neither was my left arm. It seemed I was leaking precious bodily fluids everywhere. Home was literally worlds away and I was fighting to just keep my eyes open.
Determined to sell my life as expensively as I could, I gripped the forestock of the bulldog with my left hand and used my right to maneuver both the gun and my left arm into position. Without a second to spare, I managed to get my weapon aimed as the pasties that had launched the latest rocket attack rounded the corner. They came spilling into view only to be chewed up and mowed down by a continuous barrage from the bulldog.
I sagged to the floor facing Artemis just as she opened her eyes and noticed my bloody form. Her eyes were wide with shock as she looked closely at my wounded body. Another smaller group rounded the corner behind her and, with the last of my strength, I managed to mowed them down laying my gun across my chest for support.
Blackness was closing in around the periphery of my vision and I was starting to think I might never see Belinde again when I heard a curious trumpeting. The floor beneath me began to buckle and I came eyeball to eyeball with a truly monstrous version of Egg. With a loud triumphant trill, he scooped up Artemis, myself, and a large portion of the floor we had been lying on. I felt a hand on my face as Egg withdrew from the hole he had created in the side of the building.
I tried to open my eyes but couldn't. Some strength was flowing into me from the goddess caressing my face but it wasn't enough to rouse me. It did however seem to be keeping death at bay. "I owe you my life, Adjustor," Artemis said. I could hear regret and shame in her voice but didn't have the strength to open my eyes or respond. I did notice the light change through my eyelids as Egg emptied the contents of his mouth onto the ground.
Artemis placed a hand on my chest and kissed my forehead. I had a feeling it was a goodbye kiss but then other hands were touching me, checking my wounds and staunching the flow of blood. I was curiously detached, but was finally able to open my eyes slightly as one large and powerful hand cradled my head. I saw Zeus himself looking down at me proudly.
"Am I dying?" I whispered feebly.
"Not this day, Guardian," the elder god replied. I heard him shout to others nearby, "Bring water from the spring and send for the healers. We dare not release hold of him until he is strong enough to be moved!" Someone bring a draught for my daughter before she expires!" 
I could hear the patter of feet around me as people scurried in one direction or another. Within moments I felt more hands resting on my body, my shoulders, and my legs. Someone was holding each hand and I was being tilted up and forward. A cup was pressed to my lips and I took a sip of clear refreshing water. Moments later the cup was returned, and I took a few more sips then finally a gulp of water.
I must have drifted off for an indeterminate length of time. I was in constant contact with a bolstering flow of energy from the elders and I never felt the hands of those tending me leave my body. That earthly contact was most likely the only thing keeping me alive. 
I felt myself being lifted and carried. One set of hands was exchanged for another as I moved. I struggled to open my eyes and caught a glimpse of stars, a moon and the sun all at once. I knew then that I was on the clearing atop the world tree Yggdrasil and that I would soon be home. I tried to smile but pain shot through my face, then everything went black.
Chapter 12
"Elder Bran, can you heal him?" Belinde asked, through choking sobs and tears.
"To be honest, Adjustor Dagmar, I do not know," Bran said heavily. "The damage is great. He has a pound and a half of foreign matter embedded in him and he has lost much blood." 
"Take as much of mine as you need!" Belinde pleaded.
"Aye!" boomed a voice behind Belinde. "I have plenty to spare. You'll have mine if you need it," Smith vowed over Belinde's head.
"I would like to offer some of my own," Wellington added in support.
"Thank you, all of you," Bran said, meeting their eyes as Miach cleaned and bound one wound after another. Miach, who had been summoned from the emerald estate to assist Bran, looked up at his fellow healer. "Your blood will not be compatible, Adjustor. You are not entirely human and your blood may actually kill him in his present state." 
Belinde broke down into a series of wracking sobs and was comforted by the massive arms of Goibhniu.
"Bran," Aphrodite scolded over the head she cradled carefully in her lap, "take her blood and check it anyway.”
Belinde stepped forward, rolling up her sleeve. Bran moved to a nearby cabinet for syringes and tubes, and suddenly everyone present was rolling up a sleeve. A croak from the opposite side of the room startled everyone.
"You will test mine as well, Healer. I would be dead if not for this Guardian," Heimdallr stated wearily
"You shut up and sleep, you big lout. You've given yer lot o' blood already this day," Smith barked.
"Alright," Bran soothed, "this is a room for healing. I will test all of you except the Lady herself. Her strength is needed to hold the adjustor's life within his mortal shell." With that the room grew quiet and all human, god and demigod, lined up to give blood in hopes of saving a man they cared for. "You know this is forbidden?" Bran whispered to Thor as the thunder god rolled a sleeve back down.
"I know well, Healer. I also know the blood won't help him but it does great service to the others as they watch me give it," Thor whispered back under his breath. At this Bran couldn't help but provide a rueful smile and clap his relative on the shoulder in solidarity.
Soon the line before Bran was empty and those gathered were holding a cotton ball to their arms as they stood around the prone form of the Adjustor. Miach, who was still working diligently, produced a vial of salve that was generously applied to the area of Declan's face where he had just removed a hands length of flexible electrical conduit, embedded there by some unknown explosive force. 
Belinde had almost emptied her stomach at the sound of it pulling free and dropping into a metal bowl. Looking at poor Declan's ruined face and broken body tore savagely at her heart, but it also filled her with rage and bloodlust.
"Smith," Belinde began, "I would like you to accompany me to the armory."
"What? Now?" Smith asked, startled from his musings.
"Please," Belinde asked as she looked up at him with tears in her eyes.
"Welly," Smith said as he turned towards the slim Englishman, "fancy a walk with the lady?"
"I believe I could do with a walk," Wellington said in agreement, holding out his arm formally to Belinde. The living vampire took his arm and kissed him lightly on the cheek as he led her out of the infirmary.
"I'll catch you up in a moment," Smith called after Wellington and Belinde. Those who weren't directly needed began filing out and Miach returned to the emerald estate after cleaning and binding all of Declan’s wounds. Smith, however, had caught a glance from Bran and knew the healer wanted a private word.
"What is it?" Smith asked.
"I can't use the Adjustor's blood as I suspected, nor can I use Wellington's which is surprising. I can however use yours. If your blood is present, I can use some from Heimdallr also." 
Smith's eyes bulged in surprise. "Thank the Father for small mercies!" Smith said gratefully. 
"Smith,” Bran asked in a serious tone, “what of the pact?"
"What of the pact?" Smith asked. "That boy is an Adjustor and he's proven that he is the Guardian as well." Smith gestured towards the unconscious form of Declan as he spoke. "No one of the blood can break the pact, agreed. But, surely, once we give our blood away, it no longer belongs to us." He glanced over at the snoring form of Heimdallr and snorted. "That lout isn't even family. He's a Titan and I was born after the pact out of wedlock. I'm half human,” he continued convincingly. Suddenly a thought occurred to him. “You weren't thinking of using Thor's blood, were you?" Smith asked with concern.
"No, no. That would be a clear breach of the pact and would elevate the Adjustor to a God," he stopped briefly to shake his head. "Even using your blood, there may be side effects," Bran stated, concern evident upon his face.
"Bah,” Smith said in dismissal, “so he may grow a bit. Who should find concern with that?"
"Goibhniu, he already carries the Mantle of Adjustor and the shield of ‘The Guardian’ within him. If I add your blood and Heimdallr's blood, he may still become a god," Bran finished in a hushed voice. "
“Then use my blood alone, or Heimdallr's" Smith offered.
"I can't," Bran pleaded. "Heimdallr can recover from any wound. I need that blood to save Declan, but it must be mixed with yours or it will kill him." Smith looked at Bran in dismay.
"Boys," Aphrodite said gently from her place at the Adjustor's head. The two men turned to her as she continued, "Don't think you can whisper in a corner and I won't hear you. I'm an older and higher god than either of you."
Smith and Bran both sagged visibly. There was no way an elder goddess of the lady's standing would let them sneak around the pact. "Goibhniu, you were right when you said that Declan is already the Adjustor and the Guardian. I will not sit idly by while another good life is sacrificed in this battle." Tears threatened to spill over Aphrodite's lower eyelashes as she spoke, "We've all learned our lessons. We've learned to love, to trust, to hope and to honor. We've never had to learn bravery until now and we learned these things from mortals whose lives are frail and fleeting." 
The goddess held her head in fine regal manner as she continued. "Goibhniu, you make weapons at your forge but you are delicate of heart. You have never taken a life, not even in the hunt, yet this very day you fought a titan to the death. You did it out of love for your friend here." She paused to swallow a lump in her throat, not noticing the visible glow that was infusing her. Smith sniffed a big wet snort and cleared his throat gruffly. Bran shuffled his feet in obvious discomfort.
"Even now, I have the strength to keep our friend alive because of diligent and unceasing prayers of thanks. Those prayers are from a young woman whose life was changed by Declan shortly after last night's ceremony," the goddess sniffed slightly and quickly composed herself. "Little brother, perform the procedure and save our friend. I will take full responsibility for any repercussions." 
Both Bran and Smith were shocked speechless for a moment. Neither could remember an elder ever sticking their neck out for a mortal.
"Boys," the goddess said with a sigh, “we haven't held the pact for near a thousand years out of fear of reprisal. We follow the pact because it is right. Do you not believe in your hearts that helping our adjustor is right?" 
With that Bran and Smith practically tripped over each other as they finally sprang into action. Moments later, Bran was collecting the necessary blood from both Heimdallr and Goibhniu. Bran wasn't concerned about risk to Heimdallr. The giant guard hadn't lost much blood in battle, at least not in comparison to the amount that usually coursed through his veins. Heimdallr was still lying in a sickbed due to the massive blow to his head. That blow had only landed because one of the Sly's minions had distracted him with a stinging barrage of automatic weapon fire that left over a dozen itching, burning holes in his side. 
"Thank you Smith. You may join our friends in the armory. I will send for Llyr and Lugh to help with the transfusion," Bran said with the air of a seasoned doctor. Smith grunted and frowned in confusion. Bran chuckled and said, "I need them to trick Declan's body into believing this blood is already his." Smith nodded, actually understanding. Two metals mixed together must often be different temperatures when first poured or they wouldn't bond. 
Regardless, his duty called. Another adjustor was waiting in his armory and that was his area of expertise. As hard as he tried to remember, Smith could not bring to mind a single adjustor that had been female. Outfitting her with the right weapons was going to be a challenge and he loved such a challenge.
Chapter 13
"Please be careful with that, Miss Dagmar," Wellington pleaded as Belinde whirled around the room with a pair of mismatched swords. It was like watching someone run with scissors.
"Wellington, don't worry so much. I used to spend hours pretending to be a ninja when I was a kid," Belinde chided.
"Forgive me if that statement fails to inspire the expected confidence," Wellington said in a very formal manner that would have made Declan double over with laughter had he been present. 
Belinde stopped twirling around and planted her fists on her hips to scowl at Wellington. The two swords she was holding were sticking out at comical angles and the sight made Wellington smile. "There's an apple in that sack,” Belinde said, pointing to a small burlap sack to Wellington’s right. "Throw it at me." 
Being nothing if not a good sport, Wellington strode crisply over to Smith's workbench to inspect the small sack. Sure enough, there was an apple inside. "How did you know?" Wellington asked.
"I could smell it," Belinde said with a shrug.
The apple flew arrow straight towards Belinde's head. Wellington had surprisingly good throw that Belinde honestly hadn't expected. Spinning twice round in the blink of an eye, the little bundle of wrath brought one sword horizontally across the apple's path and followed through with a vertical slash from the second sword. The apple fell in neat quarters forming a semicircle at Belinde's feet. Wellington stood in silence for a brief moment then began to applaud.
"Oy! That's me lunch yer playin' with!" Smith barked from near the large double doors. Belinde brought the back of her hand up to her mouth to stifle a smile, her big beautiful eyes shining with humor over it and the sword still grasped in her hand.
Smith shook his head in mock disapproval. "Well, all yer playin' about does make my job easier," he said with a grumble as he walked over to a large chest of drawers. Bending down with a slight grunt, he opened the bottom drawer and withdrew a bundle of oilcloth. 
Closing the drawer with exact movements one would expect from a master craftsman, he stood and brought the bundle back to his workbench for unwrapping. Belinde and Smith came over to inspect the package that Smith was treating with such reverence. The light above the workbench reflected off the fine metal and sharp edges of a matching pair of swords that looked far too beautiful to be of any use actual use in battle.
"I crafted these for Egg, o' course I figured he would look like the elder Athena. I wasn't expecting her to bring that stupid bird with her," Smith said with a little sadness. "I'd like you to have them missy,” he finished as he stepped back.
"Oh, Smith," Belinde said as she gazed at the beautiful weapons truly crafted for a queen. Smith was leaning on his workbench and was low enough for Belinde to grab hold of his beard and tug his head down for a big kiss which shocked Smith out of his maudlin state. Smith cleared his throat gruffly and patted Belinde on the head as she smiled and picked up the swords.
"Let's give these little beauties a good testing," Smith said with an enthusiastic smile.
Belinde backed up a few paces and began her dance, twirling the swords around herself as she moved. In moments Belinde was lost in the movements of the dance her old master had taught her. She remembered the feel of the cheap hardware store machetes that she used to protect her master as he slept. Her life was so different now. She belonged. She had purpose beyond being bait for a disgusting creature.
The feel of the finely crafted weapons in her hands, so beautiful and so perfectly balanced, made the dance a pleasure for once. Suddenly a block of wood appeared in front of her. She neatly cut the block in half without missing a step in her dance.
Smith was standing over a wood bin selecting varying sized chunks of scrap wood to hurl at Belinde. No matter how fast or how many pieces he threw at her, she halved, quartered or deflected them while calmly continuing her graceful dance of swords. The wood bin was soon empty and nothing remained but a small anvil Smith had broken some time ago. 
With a shrug Smith reached into the bin and withdrew both halves of the anvil to hurl at Belinde within a moment of each other. Smith watched the heavy pieces arc towards the beautiful little female's head with interest but little concern. His efforts were rewarded by two clangs less than a second apart and the sound of forged metal falling to the ground.
Belinde had stopped her dance and was staring at the four large pieces of metal at her feet. 
Wellington, having seen the last two projectiles Smith had thrown, relaxed from a moment of panic and cast a disapproving glance at Smith. "You could have killed her!" Wellington snapped at Smith.
"I think 'twould take a fair bit more than a weight o' metal to take down that lass," Smith said with a shrug.
Belinde nudged one quarter of the anvil with her toe and judged that it must weigh twenty five to thirty pounds and let out a startled gasp. Quickly grasping the handles of both swords in one hand and laying the blades across the other, she began inspecting the edge of each blade for damage.
"Don't worry miss, it would take far more than that to nick one of those blades," Smith said with pride.
"Honestly Smith, a little warning before taking such risks couldn't hurt," Wellington said to Smith in reproach.
"If I'm right in my thinking, we don't have time for careful," Smith said quietly as he shared a look with Belinde. "The little lady has some business to attend to. This very night I suspect,” he said as he looked from Wellington and back to Belinde.
"I'll need suitable clothing and something suitable for long range targets," Belinde said with purpose and authority.
"Right this way." Smith directed with a hand. They walked together toward the firing range at the far end of the workshop. Smith stopped at a rack that had various firearms hanging on display across its width. 
Belinde stopped and ran a hand over a few items one after the other while Smith stood with his arms crossed over his massive chest. After a moment Belinde ended her perusal and faced Smith. "Well?" was all she said. 
Smith, in his fashion, tilted his head back and laughed as Belinde crossed her arms over her chest and regarded the giant with patience. Smith stooped to open a long drawer that ran the length of the rack at floor level. He produced a finely crafted wooden box and handed it to Belinde. 
"Made at the same time as those wonderful swords?" Belinde asked as she gestured with her head toward the workbench where she had left the two priceless scimitars.
"Aye," Smith answered with a nod.
"I'll treasure them," Belinde said, smiling up at the mountainous man.
"Them?" Smith asked.
"They're pistols of course," Belinde said. "They'll be perfectly balanced, they'll fit a woman's hand and they will be beautiful." she finished. Smith laughed and pulled Belinde close to kiss the top of her head. Belinde cooed softly in the comfort of his embrace. She had lost her mother and father barely into her teens when her old master had selected her for service. She felt like she finally had family again but could definitely use more hugs. Declans injuries had shaken her more than she liked to acknowledge.
Sniffing and stepping back after a moment, Belinde opened the box and let loose a sharp inward gasp at the sight of the twin handguns resting in the velvet lined box. She reached into the box and drew one of the guns from its plush resting place. The handle which was an intricate framework of walnut enclosing an alternating pattern of suede and sharkskin fit perfectly into her hand and would be a comfortable yet secure grip. 
There were no sights on the guns but Belinde was confident that Smith had thought of something that would replace them. The guns looked like a large version of the old Derringers she had seen in movies, only larger and far more ornate. She also noticed little symbols hidden within the scrollwork that covered the twin over and under barrels.
"I want to try them!" she exclaimed breathlessly. Wellington followed the pair as Smith led Belinde to one of the firing range stalls. A battered and dented old suit of armor stood at the far end of the firing alley and as Belinde took sight down the barrel of the gun in her right hand, a bubble appeared above the top barrel. It looked like a little glass bubble that only appeared when she was looking straight down the barrel and there was a tiny red dot at its center.
Belinde shrugged her right shoulder a couple of time, stretched out her arm and sighted down the barrel of the gun before squeezing the trigger. The helmet flew off the suit of armor and bounced off the wall behind it to roll forward towards the trio. It finally stopped a dozen feet closer to them than where it had been a moment ago. A radiant smile lit up Bel’s face. 
Smith beamed with pleasure and stepped forward, pointing to a small patch of gold inlay scroll work under Belinde's thumb on the inside face of the weapon. "Slide your thumb down over this here and you select the explosive round," Smith said in a conspirator's whisper while he sported a mischievous expression that made him look positively boyish in Belinde's eyes.
Wellington continued to say nothing and only watched with concern as Belinde drew the second weapon from its box with her left hand. Sliding both thumbs down over the matching gold patterns, she selected the lower barrel of each gun and faced the target. Twin booms barked from each weapon simultaneously, causing each weapon to jump slightly and the headless suit of armor disintegrated before her eyes. Belinde let out a wordless squeal of delight.
"I love them! Goibhniu, thank you," Belinde said using Smith's proper name as she looked up at him in admiration. 
Hating to shatter the moment, Wellington cleared his throat softly behind them. "What of the adjustor's tactical garb? Have you finished with your project?" Wellington asked pertinently.
"Aye, I've had the sisters working on it since this morning," Smith said, looking a little dejected as he replied. Wellington had known the Smith for a long time and though Belinde was confused at his mood, Wellington was not. The Englishman knew that Smith would be blaming himself for Declan's lack of protective gear.
"Smith,” Wellington said in an understanding tone, “you mustn't blame yourself for the unfolding of events beyond your control. I've known you for over a hundred years and have never known you to work at anything less than a break-neck speed during a project." 
"Aye," Smith concurred and straightened his shoulders, "I'll send word to the sisters that a fitting is in order."
"Already done," Wellington replied. Smith looked at Wellington in surprise. Wellington simply shrugged.
"Smith, can you do the thing you do where the swords come from nowhere like Declan's?" Belinde asked.
"Of course, dearie," Smith chuckled, "I'll get started on your swords and pistols right now and match them to your garments when the sisters send them up." Belinde clapped her hands twice in excitement then frowned.
"Two more things," Belinde began, "how do you load these, and can someone teach me how to spirit from place to place like Declan?" Wellington smiled and hid his mouth behind a fist to stifle a chuckle.
"You don't load them. Every shot is the first shot," a voice behind the diminutive succubus said helpfully. Belinde turned to identify this new speaker and let out an ear-piercing shriek. Angus staggered back, clutching his heart and looking wildly about in search of a rat or mouse. Those things, he knew, had a tendency to set the women folk off. When he turned back, he found Belinde pointing at him.
"It talked!" Belinde whispered, wide eyed.
"I am so sorry, Miss Dagmar," Wellington began. "I should have introduced you to Angus before now. With all that's happened recently, I simply haven't had the chance.” 
Belinde's cheeks colored slightly as she realized her unintended insult. "Oh dear, please accept my apology," Belinde said extending a hand to Angus.
Angus took her hand and said, "That's ok," in a sulky tone.
"Oh," Belinde replied wincing and hugged the gorilla. "Angus?" 
"Yes, ma'am?" Angus replied to Belinde's quiet voice as he nuzzled he ample cleavage.
"Please take your hand off my ass," whispered Belinde.
"Sorry ma'am," Angus replied nonchalantly.
"Ya daft ape!" Smith barked. "That's an adjustor you're pawing up!" Smith admonished as he cuffed the gorilla above the ear. 
Angus winced and did a double take with bulging eyes. "That's not the Adjustor. I met the new adjustor yesterday!" Angus croaked with concern.
"I said an adjustor, ya dolt!" Smith replied.
"You can't have two adjustors at one estate," Angus argued. "It just isn't done."
"We can," Wellington explained, "and we currently have three."
"Oh, no," Angus said. "Then we're at war?" the ape asked. 
"We are," Wellington confirmed.
"Do I get a gun?" Angus asked enthusiastically.
"No ya great twit, you don't get a gun," Smith barked. Angus sulked.
"I have work to do," Smith grumped and stomped off toward his workbench. Belinde replace the guns in their case and stopped to give Angus a peck on the cheek before following after Smith. Angus the gorilla stood with his hand on his cheek where Belinde had kissed him and watched her walk away.
Wellington stooped toward Angus and whispered. "Should the need arise, I'm sure you would find any number of these fine weapons more than useful." And with that he strode briskly off after Belinde.
Chapter 14
Belinde and Wellington stood before her dressing closet. The closet doors were open and an array of shoes was set out on the floor before of her. "So these are the only shoes without that symbol?" Belinde asked.
"Indeed," Wellington confirmed.
"Why do some of them not have the symbol?" Belinde asked.
"Those without the symbol are primarily used for functions and ceremonies where one cannot transition, or 'step' as the elders call it, to a protected destination. The circle of standing stones is the oldest of these places," Wellington explained. Belinde looked down at the slim black shoes that she wore. They looked like a pair of indoor climbing shoes but were more comfortable than slippers. "I think I'd rather just know where I'm not allowed to go," she said as she thought about the limitation.
"Only the elders and the guardian can transition to and from a protected area. It's a reasonable security precaution," Wellington offered, spreading his hands in front of himself, palms upturned in placation. 
Belinde frowned in thought. "What happens if you try to 'step' through one of the shields?" she asked. 
"You are thrown back forcibly. That force multiplies exponentially with the velocity with which you approach the shield."
"So if I picture myself moving slowly through the shield, I'll just get thrown back like I've been thrown from a horse?" Belinde asked.
Wellington held up a hand to forestall any foolish action on Belinde's part but she was gone in a blink only to return with wide eyes. "That was amazing!" she blurted. "Wait here!" and she was gone again. An instant later she reappeared looking worried. "I'll be back in a few minutes," Belinde said quickly. "Don't worry about me." And she was gone again. 
Wellington sighed and removed a slim phone from his coat pocket. "Merrill, please make sure that tactical garments for Miss Dagmar are sent to Smith for final alterations and adjustment as soon as possible,” Wellington advised his assistant. “Oh, and please let the elders know that the shields are inoperable." 
Wellington disconnected the call as he heard Merrill gasp on the other end. Once he had returned his phone to its usual place, he transitioned to his room and opened a drawer in the antique roll-top desk that sat majestically beside the fireplace. Removing a leather bracer and two rings, he closed the drawer and transitioned back to Belinde's room to wait.
***
Belinde felt a little bossy asking Wellington to wait while she tried transitioning. However, after she tried transitioning to the Great Hall the second time and hadn't been kicked back, she was growing increasingly concerned. If she was right, the elders at the circle had to be warned. 
Standing at the edge of the clearing where she had first stood atop Yggdrasil, Belinde fixed a spot within the circle and transitioned. Belinde's view changed suddenly to the view from the raised podium she remembered. Freya stood wide-eyed with her hand over her mouth.
"Sorry to have startled you ma'am!" Belinde stuttered, hurriedly trying to perform a curtsy. She had been warned about being disrespectful to the elders.
"No, no," Freya said, shaking her head, "I just hadn't received word that the guardian had passed." 
"He hasn't," Belinde said with a frown. Freya's eyes opened wide and her jaw dropped. "The shields are down," Belinde stated flatly.
"Hermes!" Freya shouted, without taking her eyes off Belinde. 
A young, fit blonde man appeared immediately, standing beside Freya."Yes?" Hermes asked the elder goddess.
"Rally your retainers and followers. Have them spread word that the shields are down," Freya ordered. Hermes stood frozen with an expression of shock on his face. "Quickly now," Freya reminded him. It took a moment for Hermes to gather his wits but he soon nodded and disappeared with a look of purpose on his face.
Freya sat heavily on the second step of the podium. "Those shields have stood resolute since the dark ages," she said shaking her head. "How could this be?" she asked as she looked up at Belinde, her eyes pleading.
"I don't know," Belinde said. "But I intend on finding out, starting tonight." Belinde turned and walked down the podium’s three steps.
"Adjustor," Freya called after her. 
Belinde turned and regarded the elder goddess. "Elder?" she asked in reply.
"Do not try to step through the circle of stones after this night. There will be a new shield in place by morning."
"Yes, Elder," Belinde said with a nod before she turned and walked from the circle. Already there was a row of archers surrounding the standing stones, a ring of torches twenty paces further out and a second ring of torches was being lit beyond those.
***
Wellington looked up from the strap he had been tightening at his wrist. "Well" he asked, "have the elders at the circle been advised of our situation?" 
Belinde looked at Wellington is surprise. "They have," she admitted.
"Good. I've taken the liberty to inform everyone at The Estate of the situation. Should anyone ask your name within The Estate, offer it quickly starting with your title of ‘Adjustor’. Even the chef is armed now,” he concluded, shaking his head in worry.
"Is there something else?" Belinde asked. 
Wellington actually chuckled before answering. "Angus is patrolling the halls wearing ammunition bandoliers and carrying a drum-fed shot gun. I don't which is the greater risk, the Sly or Angus."
"He just wants to help," Belinde offered. "He has a good heart. He's a bit of a ‘perv’, but he has a good heart." She snickered as she remembered the big gorilla’s hand gripping her butt cheek.
Wellington rose from the armchair he had been sitting in and offered an arm to Belinde. "Smith has sent word that he is ready for you and will be waiting in the armory for your final fitting." 
Belinde took his arm and the two of them transitioned to the armory. She blinked her eyes as the scene before her suddenly changed. This would take some getting used to. It was a little too easy to get from place to place with this ability and she worried about her figure. Those thoughts quickly flew from her mind when she saw Smith standing at his workbench with a clothing bag draped over his arm. He looked annoyed.
"What is it now?" Wellington asked as he caught sight of Smith's scowling visage.
"I was told everything was finished, fine and proper! Yet I look in the bag they send up and there's naught here but underclothes!"
"Oh, lemme see!" Belinde squeaked excitedly, perking up at the thought of new clothing. Opening the bag elicited more squeaking and bouncing from Belinde, "A catsuit! I've always wanted a catsuit!"
"There ain't no suit in that bag, lass. Nothin' o' yours 'cept some underclothes and a pair of long johns, and for a child no less!" Smith grumped and crossed his arms over his chest. 
Belinde laughed and hugged the clothing to her chest. "Where can I change?" she asked.
"I had a blind brought in over there," Smith said pointing at a corner nearby, "but there's really no point. The bit they did get right won't cover more 'n yer privates." 
Belinde had already dashed to the dressing blind that had been set up and was behind it peeling off clothing before Smith could finish.
"Welly, this is an outrage! The underclothes are fine but they won't protect her liver, her kidneys or most of her heart!" he paused in thought to work out angles given Belinde's endowment. "Ok, maybe her heart, but that still leaves a lot!" Wellington was enjoying Smith's ignorance far too much to share any information. Smith drew a deep breath and was about to continue his tirade when Belinde called for someone to zip her up.
"Hold that thought," Wellington said as he went to assist Belinde. Smith stood scowling with his mouth open and a finger pointing heavenward.
Belinde was waiting behind the blind with her back facing Wellington as he came around the corner. He could see the tab of a zipper barely poking out from between two slight folds of material. Wellington grasped the zipper and pulled it up past the back strap of Belinde's support bra to its final position. He then folded the Velcro-backed collar over the zipper enclosure and stepped back. 
"I'll be right out," Belinde said, “I just have to put my shoes and socks on."
"Of course," Wellington said, respectful as always, and withdrew to wait with Smith.
'Socks?' Belinde thought, was very surprised that anyone would take the time to make socks from the tactical material that Smith had designed, not to mention a support bra! She couldn't help but be amazed at the attention to detail that each and every person at The Estate paid to every task. The catsuit was a marvel. At first she thought it would be too tight and doubted that it would actually zip closed over her annoying buxom frame but it had and every inch of it fit perfectly. Belinde pulled the last shoe on and called out to the men waiting.
"Ok, close your eyes," Belinde called from behind the blind. Smith looked at Wellington in puzzlement, but closed his eyes when Wellington nodded. 
"Ok," Belinde said, "you can open your eyes now," she concluded, striking a pose with a hip cocked dramatically.
"Sweet glory!" Smith yelped and slammed a hand over his eyes hard enough to make a smacking sound as he turned away scandalized. Wellington broke out in fits of laughter, holding his side and leaning on the workbench.
"What?" Belinde howled, wanting to cry. 
Wellington held up a hand to calm Belinde and struggled to regain his composure. "You look marvelous, my dear. Please forgive Smith, he hasn't seen a movie since 'Gone With The Wind' and has no idea what a catsuit is," Wellington was still shaking with barely controlled mirth.
"I was worried when you laughed at me," Belinde pouted.
"I am truly sorry, dear," Wellington offered, "but I was so enjoying this big prude's reaction that I forgot myself."
"I think it makes me look badass," Belinde said proudly as she lifted her chin regally.
"I'm no authority on 'badass' my dear, but I can honestly say that it makes you look very disarming," Wellington said, still shaking with mirth. 
Belinde scowled at him slightly because she wasn't quite sure he was still laughing at Smith. With a sigh Belinde walked over to Smith and started pulling him toward his work bench. Smith was refusing to take his hand away from his eyes, which seemed to be a constant source of entertainment for Wellington. "Damn it, Smith!" Belinde complained. "I need your help to finish getting ready!"
"Put some decent clothes on and I'll help as much as you want!" the giant whined from behind his hand. 
Wellington had a hand clamped over his mouth and was starting to change color. Tears were actually streaming down his face. This was ridiculous! They were facing a crisis and she, as the senior functional adjustor, was stuck babysitting a pair of idiots!
"Look you!" Belinde chastised Smith. "You will remove your hand from your eyes, open them, look at me and help me. Or I will strip naked as the day I was born and sit on your work bench until you are willing to behave!" she finished with a stamp of her foot.
 "Wellington, I will be needing your help with my zipper again," Belinde said, not sure if the giggling Englishman behind her even heard.
"Alright!" Smith yelped from behind his hands as he turned around.
"Hands!" Belinde reminded, sternly.
"Fine," grumbled Smith as he lowered his hands with his eyes still tightly closed.
"Eyes!" Belinde snapped.
"Right," Smith complained, looking at the ground and tracing patterns with his toe. Belinde groaned loudly. This was going to take all night and she had people to kill.
"Weapons," Wellington whispered in her ear. The Englishman’s hint gave Belinde the expected idea.
"Oh well,” she said, "I guess I'll just have to grab something off the rack. Come on Wellington, help me dig up a holster and something to hack with."
"You'll do no such thing!" roared Smith. 
Belinde made sure to remove the satisfied smile and replace it with a meek expression before she turned toward Smith. She noticed he was looking at her red-faced, looking from under his eyebrows, but looking. "Well, maybe you could help me get set up?" Belinde asked as if she was a child wanting to stay up late.
"Come on," Smith grumped, waving her toward the bench. "I didn't have time to prepare anything like I did for Declan, but I do have these," he said pulling two rings from a pocket in his apron. Two rings sat in his palm with blood-red stones glinting at their center. Belinde held out her hands as Smith slid a ring onto the third finger of each hand. She was about to complain that they were too big but the rings shrunk right before her eyes to fit her fingers perfectly.
"This must be how the suit fits so well!" Belinda exclaimed as she looked at the rings and then ran a hand down the left side of her cat suit.
"What?" Smith barked, then reddened, as his reaction brought Belinde's bosom into view. "I thought I was the only one who had that worked out." Smith pouted.
“I believe that the elder Thor helped the sisters,” Wellington offered, “purely in an effort to speed up the process.” Smith nodded at Wellington, feeling better about the safety of his secrets.
Belinde cleared her throat to rattle Smith free from his mental wanderings and smiled, as he looked her directly in the eyes for the first time since she had changed. 
"Sorry, I also have these," Smith said as he retrieved a pair of buttons from the workbench. They looked like they were covered in the same material that her suit was made from. Smith, taking one of Belinde's hands at a time, separated each of the buttons, and snapped it into place at the inside of her wrist. "Ready to go," Smith said, satisfied with his work.
"Not yet," Wellington said, "we test everything twice before she leaves." When Wellington took that tone, everyone listened. Conservative in his movements as always, Wellington selected a small caliber revolver from the gun rack and returned. "Miss Dagmar, if you would be so kind as to step back a bit," Wellington requested in his businesslike manner. 
Belinde's eyes flew open in fear. "You're going to shoot at me?" Belinde squeaked.
"We are testing bulletproof clothing, Miss Dagmar," Wellington said as if he was talking to a student that hadn't been paying attention in class.
"Really?" Belinde asked.
"Yes. Now please step back and raise your arms out to the sides." Belinde complied slightly uncertain now that the moment was upon her. "I assure you, Miss Dagmar, I am an excellent marksman and should the garment fail, you will be sore and angry but you will most certainly live." 
For some reason Wellington's words actually inspired the expected confidence he had intended. 'Must be the accent' he thought, but quickly refocused on the moment, enough time had already been wasted and Belinde wanted to get on with her mission. 
Standing perfectly still with her arms outstretched, Belinde waited for the shot. She was scared but she had been through worse. The shot rang out and she felt the sound of a clang on her side just above her hip but no discomfort. If the bullet hadn't ricocheted off her and knocked a hammer off the tool rack, she'd have looked down to make sure she wasn't bleeding.
"Excellent," Wellington confirmed.
"Hey, watch out for me tools!" Smith complained.
"Of course," Wellington agreed as he laid the revolver down on the workbench. "Now maybe something with a little more punch," he said as he lifted his left fist to his chest and suddenly grasped the bow that had appeared there. Reaching over his right shoulder with his right hand he drew an arrow from an unseen quiver and readied the bolt.
"Miss Dagmar, once again, if you please," Wellington instructed. This time Belinde was relaxed and fearless. Wellington drew the shaft back to it full length and loosed the arrow at its mark. Once again the tactical garment deflected the projectile. Unfortunately it once again struck Smith's tool rack, knocking a number of tools from their hooks.
"Welly, me tools!" Smith complained.
"Sorry," Wellington consoled with a mischievous grin that only Belinde could see. Dropping the bow and letting it disappear, Wellington turned to Smith. "My only concern," he said, "is that she has no protection for her head and face."
"Oh, there's a button on the back of her collar," Smith said as he made the motion of pulling on a hood. 
Belinde reached back and felt the button Smith had mentioned. With a shrug she pulled it up then down over her face. "Oooo, this must be like what Declan sees through his glasses!" Belinde exclaimed as sharp details sprang into view.
"And you didn't think that I would consider the hood to be pertinent information before I started shooting at her?" Wellington asked Smith reproachfully. The large man smiled meekly and shrugged.
Belinde pulled the hood back from over her face and felt it recede into the collar. "Amazing," she said to herself as she reached back to touch the collar and found the button was again in its resting place. Much better than the vacuum cleaner she had at home with a retractable cord that never went back in all the way. 
"Weapons," Wellington said as he turned back toward Belinde.
Belinde stood before the two men, and reached up and back with both hands and pulled them forward holding shining twin scimitars.
"Excellent," Wellington commented with approval. "Now your pistols," he instructed. 
Belinde reached back with both with both hands and brought them back holding two guns, upside down. "What the hell?" she muttered.
"Just drop them and try again," Wellington coached. 
Belinde dropped the guns and watched them disappear before they hit the floor. Reaching behind her hips once again she drew the guns with the same result and dropped them with an annoyed hiss.
"No, no," Wellington said, stepping in front of her and placing her palms flat against her thighs. "Now don't turn your hands," he instructed as he stepped behind her. Smith looked at Belinde and rolled his eyes as Wellington grasped her arms above the elbow. Wellington drew Belinde's arms back and slid them behind her, keeping her palms facing him.
"Lord!" Smith yelped again and Belinde heard his hand slap into place over his eyes once more. Looking down at her own chest, overly enhanced by the posture Wellington was forcing her into, Belinde had to grin.
"Uh, I don't think you're aware of what's happening up front," she said as she felt the grip of each gun slide into her palms. Wellington was behind her shaking with laughter again. "Oh you two!" Belinde growled. "You're insufferable!" 
Wellington was laughing openly again. "I'm sorry," Wellington said, still shuddering with laughter, "I couldn't resist."
"You two are welcome to stay here and joke around," Belinde said, noticing that Smith had removed his hand from over her eyes. "I'm going to check on Declan and then kill a few people." And with that she turned and stomped out of the armory. A few feet past the door Belinde felt like an idiot. Stomping made her stupid boobs bounce even with a sports bra. If she hadn't let her temper get the better of her she'd have remembered that she could simply transition. 
Pausing to sigh, Belinde lifted her chin, squared her shoulders and transitioned to the doorway of the infirmary. She had her inherent skills as a succubus, new sharp things and things that went boom; she was significantly better prepared for this life than Declan. That thought sent a pang through her heart. After she had seen to Declan, someone somewhere was in for a nasty surprise tonight.
***
Declan was on a cot unattended. With a gasp of sheer dismay Belinde rushed to his side. Tears sprang to her eyes before she saw his chest rise and fall, then rise again. Bran appeared from a door at the back of the infirmary. "What is the matter?" he asked in concern.
"I'm just an idiot," Belinde said exasperated with herself. "I saw Declan by himself and..." Her voice trailed off as she swallowed a lump in her throat and tried to compose herself.
Bran patted her on the shoulder and steered her to a small couch across from Declan's bed. "Miach tended to Declan’s wounds and he has had a blood transfusion which was quite successful.” Bran offered happily. “Thor came to assist us in moving some displaced tissue back into its rightful place and his internal injuries are mending quite nicely, thanks to the blood offered by Smith and Heimdallr.”
Belinde released a long shuddering sigh. Until that moment, she hadn’t realized how terrified she was to lose Declan. For the first time in her life she had been free to love only to have that love taken away after the first passionate night. 
Now that the fear and sorrow were receding, the rage was starting to build. It would probably be best if she got out of The Estate before she vented her wrath upon someone who didn't deserve it. "I should go," she said quietly. 
Bran looked her in the eyes and nodded knowingly. From what Declan had told her, Bran had lived at least one lifetime as a Celtic warrior. He knew full well what she needed to do this evening.
"Fare well, and return to us, Adjustor," Bran said formally and rested his hand upon her shoulder. "Watch your back. We don't call them the Sly because they are clumsy." And with that he withdrew his hand and gestured with a tilt of his head and a twinkle in his eye that told her to go and seek her retribution.
Belinde nodded and left without a word. 
"Is it safe to come out?" a voice asked from the shadows behind Bran.
"Yes, Angus," Bran said as the gorilla crept from the back of the infirmary toward his post near Declan's bed.
"Sorry for disturbing you, sir,” the gorilla said. “I heard she was on the war path." Angus attempted an explanation that ended in a shrug, which looked quite strange coming from a gorilla carrying an automatic shotgun.
"No mind," Bran said. "Keep Declan safe and make sure he isn't disturbed," Bran said over his shoulder as he left for the small cot he kept in back. Even gods got tired.
Chapter 15
Belinde could sense Odin’s presence. He was in the Great Hall now because the shields were down. Belinde transitioned to the entryway of the Great Hall and walked in. She saw Odin sitting in a straight-backed chair facing the wall mural with his gnarled staff resting across his knees.
"Adjustor," the Elder of Elders said in greeting as she arrived.
"Elder," Belinde said as she lowered herself to one knee and bowed to the elder god.
"Rise, Adjustor Dagmar. There is no need to stand on ceremony when we are alone," the great sage informed her.
Belinde rose and walked in front of Odin where she knelt then sat back on her heels. "I know what you would ask of me," the elder interrupted her before she could speak.
"And?" Belinde asked brazenly.
"Of course you have my permission to leave The Estate. Where will you go?"
"Back to the circle to pick up the scent and from there, I'm not sure," she replied.
"Have you spoken with the adjustor?" Odin asked.
"He is unconscious, sire," Belinde replied, confused.
"The dragon?" Odin asked impatiently.
"Egg can't speak, sire. He only trills," Belinde replied. Odin chuckled at her response.
"Belinde, you cannot speak as gods do but we seem to be getting along just fine." Belinde knew she was missing something. "You speak with words and you listened to words," Odin explained. "Dragons speak with thoughts and listen to thoughts. This is why the Sly have hunted them to near extinction."
Belinde felt a moment’s rage at the thought of anyone harming Egg. "You're right," she admitted. "I'll try and speak with Egg before I leave."
"Then I wish you good fortune in your revenge," Odin said, indicating the conversation was over.
"More important than revenge, I want answers," Belinde explained, feeling that the elder god didn't quite approve of her actions. "I need to know how the shields were brought down and who specifically is behind these recent attacks. I am, of course, hoping that I'll get a chance to kill my way toward a few answers." 
Odin tipped back his head and laughed. His booming laughter filled the hall. Leaning forward, he rested a giant hand on Belinde's diminutive shoulder. "Then Adjustor, you not only have my permission," the Elder of Elders paused to smile, "you have my blessing."
Belinde felt every muscle of her body bulge with new strength and power. She felt buoyant yet focused. If this was a real blessing, then there was definitely a right way and a wrong way to ask for permission. She smiled up at the sagely elder. "I'll find Egg," she said as she rose. Odin smiled and pointed upward towards the end of the hall. Belinde turned in the direction that he had pointed and a massive sapphire head lowered from the shadows and stopped a hands breadth from her face. Belinde gulped, "Oh my! Egg, how you've grown."
"I'm sorry for not talking to you sooner," Belinde thought to Egg. Suddenly, images started flooding into Belinde's mind. She saw Declan fighting valiantly, wounded horribly near the beginning of the battle, yet not noticing. She heard Declan's thoughts as he worried that he might not see her again. She reached out to wrap her arms around Egg's snout and press her cheek against his face below his right eye. Another series of images flooded into her mind, the last of which was Egg chomping down on the body of an unidentified man and shaking him ruthlessly. 
"I'm on it," she thought at Egg as a basso rumble rose from deep within the dragon. Belinde flashed the dragon a mental picture of her pretty new sharp things and pistols. Egg seemed pleased with the news. As much as she was going to wreak havoc on the bastards responsible for her lover's current condition, those responsible were very fortunate that one adjustor was staying at his post tonight. She understood that the dragon was where he should be.
"I'll be back in time for breakfast, Egg,” Belinde thought to the dragon. “Protect Declan and the elders while I'm gone." Belinde sighed and straightened her shoulders. "Time to go make some friends, then cut them in half," she finished with a wink. 
Egg noted the slight pop as the surrounding air rushed in to fill the gap she had left. Glancing at the elder nearby, Egg saw that the immortal wore a mischievous smile.
The adventure continues in “Sharp Things”.
About the Author:
Please visit my website at www.brennan-barrett.com where you will find a blog, additional artwork, and a treasure trove of other goodies. Fans can email me at brennanbarrett@shaw.ca

I am a Vocal Coach and Reiki Master, living in beautiful British Columbia.
I’ve been writing as a hobby for years and just recently decided to share my stories with the public.

My works are of course, entirely fictional, except for the gorilla with the Scottish accent; he’s real, it's the accent that's fake.

Thank you: 
I would like to thank Jane Vadheim for her tireless assistance in editing and proofreading.
Thank you to my two great proofreaders Ash M and recently Carolyn Garber, thank you so much.
I would like to thank Dana Smith for her assistance as a test reader and in providing advice in French terms and spelling.
Discover other titles in The Adjustor Series by Brennan Barrett

Sharp Things
Bits and Pieces
The Naughty Necromancer
And
J. Godfrey After Life Consulting:
Book One: A Hanging Grave
