
The Fabled
Book One of the Fabled Series



S. L. Gavyn
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 S. L. Gavyn
Discover more information about S. L. Gavyn’s books at http://www.slgavyn.com, like her on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/slgavyn or follow her on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/slgavyn.

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any person (living or dead), business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

The Fabled

All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2014 S. L. Gavyn
Cover design © 2014 S. L. Gavyn

This book is protected by the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the author.

First edition:  July 2014

Available Books by S. L. Gavyn

The Forged by Magic Series
Brimstone 
Iron Made 
Dragon’s Flame 
Ange Noir: A Forged by Magic Prequel Novella

The Avery Tywella Series
Darkened
Deadened
Deceived
Craven: An Avery Tywella Companion Novel
Damned
Devoted
Avery Tywella: The Complete Box Set

The Fabled Series
The Fabled
Fable City

The Fallen–Fey Chronicles Novella Series
The Darkness
The Cursed
The Light



Content


Acknowledgment
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Preview of Fable City


Acknowledgments

As always, I’ll start by thanking my family for their support. Without you, I would be lost at sea without an anchor. (Or a paddle. A paddle would be nice, but nope.)
I’ll also give a shout out to my beta readers. You know who you are. 


Prologue
Egypt 600 AD


“And so it is said. So it shall be.”
“Halt, Aerystasia. You speak of our destruction. How can we possibly reverse this future?”
“I speak of warning. That is my gift. Some might be changed while other fates are inevitable. This, I believe might be altered.”
“How? You say we will be destroyed by the humans. You say they will possess weapons capable of annihilating us but say this future can be changed. Do you suggest we kill them before they have the opportunity to obtain such weapons?” asked Augustus, leader of the Vampere.
“No, Augustus, that is not of which I speak. The humans are too precious to our kinds.”
“We must shield ourselves then. But we live secretly as is. How can we shield ourselves further?”
Aerystasia smiled at the council. “I do not believe staying concealed is appropriate. Perhaps announcing our presence is key.”
“You must have the fevers, Aerystasia. Announcing ourselves to the humans will only bring our destruction faster,” Lucian, the head of the Council of Elders spoke up for the first time.
“You misunderstand. I believe you are right. The humans consider us monsters, and if we were to confirm our existence, then much bloodshed will pursue. But if we were to spread stories with false details about the monsters the humans believe us to be, they will one day become common tales told among the young and old.”
“You speak of fables, ones depicting our kinds as the terror in the night. How will that make them want to kill us less?” Augustus asked.
As second in command of the council, he was always trying to show his leadership while Lucian sat back, observed, and came to far better conclusions.
“These fables will one day become common knowledge. Were they to have details untrue to our kinds…” Aerystasia left the sentence unfinished, allowing the council members to make their own assumptions.
“The humans would not be able to spot a true Lycan, or Vampere, or any other of our kind,” Lucian finished.
Aerystasia smiled and nodded slightly. “Might I suggest sending fable tellers to all the continents? Even the one yet to be discovered. The natives there do love their stories.”
“Hiding in plain sight. Will this be enough to change your vision?” Augustus asked.
“I cannot be certain, but I believe so. I will inform you if I have another vision concerning this,” Aerystasia told the council before bowing and leaving the room.
After she had left, Lucian turned to the other four members of the council. Each member represented one of the major races, other than humans, who inhabited this planet.
“How can we be assured this is fact?” Augustus asked once she was gone.
“Aerystasia is the most powerful oracle in the world. Since her birth over a millennium ago, no one has bested her accuracy. If she says this will come to pass, it will come—unless we stop it,” Lucian said.
“Aye, she is powerful indeed,” the Bruce added.
Lucian nodded then looked at Augustus to see if he would argue further. When he stilled his mouth, Lucian turned to the rest of the members. 
“Council, now is the time to act. I think it would be prudent if each member of the council determines the false characteristics of your people. I will send for the best storytellers to speak these fables across the globe. We will join together and spread these tales to protect ourselves against this future threat.”
There was a round of nods, and everyone started to disperse. Lucian turned to the open balcony doors and looked out into the night beyond. With any luck, these tales would be enough to deter their future enemy. Aerystasia was right. They couldn’t kill all humans. Not only were they needed, but if they killed the humans, that would also make them no better. No, they would spread these fables until the humans no longer suspected the real thing actually existed. Their people would no longer be separate species coinciding in secrecy against the humans but would unite as one. They would become the Fabled, those of myth, those of legend.


Chapter One
“Dream a little dream”


I knew I was dreaming, but the memories came so freely I couldn’t stop the scene from playing out. It was the last few days of my life as a human, and I must have had them played through my head a million times in the years since. Now even in sleep, I couldn’t escape them.
“Sam, hurry up. All the good-looking guys will be gone before we even get to the club.”
I opened the door to the bathroom and looked at my business partner. “I didn’t realize we were trolling for men. You said we would just meet for drinks to unwind after a busy day.”
“We have been busy. Do you know how many small businesses fail because the owners didn’t take the time to set them up correctly, to begin with? A lot, I can tell you that. And what better way to unwind than to sit back, drink a few, and admire some good-looking hunks?”
I smiled at her. I always did like to people watch. I was actually pretty good at guessing something about them, either what they were there for—sometimes that one was too easy—or what they did for a living or just something about their personality. My ex-friend used to tell me it was my sixth sense. That was before I found out she and my husband had been meeting up for a romp every time I was out of town. Needless to say, he wasn’t my husband anymore, and she wasn’t my friend. I guess my powers of observation only extended to strangers.

Karen reached out and grabbed my hand. “Come on. I can tell your thoughts have gone south, so let’s get out of here.”
I couldn’t help smiling at her double entendre. That I live in Florida made her statement mean something else. Perhaps it was the affair that made me seek business opportunities elsewhere, or maybe it was just fate that I ran into Karen just as she was ready to leave the publishing house she had been with for years. We started talking, and before you could say “Bob’s your uncle” we had begun our own small publishing company in Vegas since that was where K was from, and she was the one with all the publishing knowledge. I was the asset that was able to speed-read through dozens of books a week and tell which ones had the possibility to become best sellers and which ones would bomb. K was the one that met with the clients and filed the necessary paperwork. 
After only six months in business, we already had three authors on the best sellers’ list. That fact alone was bringing in business like you wouldn’t believe. This trip had been to take care of the final touches of our shared business and celebrate our striving company.
At the club—which looked more like a bar to me—there were several middle-aged people like ourselves sitting around having drinks. K found us a table off to one corner because she liked my ability to guess people as much as I liked guessing them. 
“What about that guy over there?” K pointed to a man across the room who looked to be in his late thirties.
“He’s looking to cheat on his wife.”
“How do you know that?”
“Well, besides the light-colored ring around his finger where he usually wears his wedding band, see how he’s looking around. He looks desperate. He’s drinking too much, which means he’s nervous, and he keeps running his hand through his hair, which is starting to thin. It’s probably a habit. That means he’s been stressed quite a bit recently, and marital problems are the number one cause of stress in middle-aged men. Also, judging by the timid nature he’s exuding, I’d say he’s looking for a woman to take control of the situation.”
“So you’re saying if I walked over and told him to get in my car for some quality time of domination, he’d be my bitch for the night.”
“Pretty much. If you’re into that kind of thing.”
“No thanks. I like my men, men.”
“You and me both.”
We laughed. The thought of K as a dominatrix was funny. She just didn’t look the part. She was only five-two with light brown hair and eyes. Her small frame and delicate features made her look almost pixieish. 
As we sat there people watching, what appeared to be a woman walked into the club and headed to the bar to order a drink. 
“What about her?” K asked me.
I looked at her and raised a brow. “That’s a man.”
She looked at me, then at the woman, then back to me. “What makes you say that? She’s not exactly tall or big-boned.”
“First, she has an Adam’s apple. That’s a dead giveaway. Second, it’s in the brow. I’m not one hundred percent sure, but I would be willing to put money on it.”
“Really?”
“Yep.”
About that time the woman’s eyes met the man’s, and they shared a look. She took her drink from the bartender and walked over to the man’s table. Even though we couldn’t hear their conversation, she obviously asked him if she could sit, and he told her yes. She had a seat, and they were instantly engulfed in conversation.
I looked over at K and raised my brows. “Looks like cheater might get more than he bargained for tonight.”
She pulled her eyes away from the couple, and when she looked at me, hers were wide. I started laughing, and she joined me. The thought of what was going to happen when that woman took that cheater to her place was hilarious. That’s what he got for cheating on his wife. Then again, he might actually like it. If so, I felt sorry for the woman. It was bad enough to be cheated on without the other woman turning out to be another man. Even though I felt bad for her, the thought made me laugh harder.
By the time I finally gained my composure a man had joined our table. He looked to be in his mid-twenties with black hair and eyes so dark brown they almost looked black. He wore a gray T-shirt, dark jeans, a black leather jacket, and boots.
“Roman, I didn’t know you were going to be here tonight,” K said to the man.
“I hadn’t planned on it either. Who is your lovely friend, Karen?”
He had been looking at me while talking to K. I didn’t know what his interest was. I was at least fifteen years older than he was, and although I’m not ugly, I’m certainly not the best-looking woman. Him, on the other hand, I wouldn’t be surprised to see on the cover of a magazine talking about the hottest men in America. He would probably be toward the top of the list too. Those dark eyes made me think wicked thoughts, and I was ashamed to say he had a starring role in all of them. 
“Oh, this is my friend and business associate, Samantha Wilson. Sam, this is Roman. He’s a friend of mine.”
I just bet he was. Even though K was my age, she liked to look at and even date younger men. Personally, I wouldn’t date anyone that wasn’t at least forty. I mean, how could I bring a twenty-something-year-old man home to meet my kids who are almost the same age?
“Hello, Roman.”
“Samantha. What a lovely name.”
“Everyone calls me Sam.”
He frowned. “Do you prefer to have a man’s name?”
I shrugged. “I like it.” And I don’t really give a fuck if you do or not. That’s it, Sam. Stick to your guns. I didn’t need some child telling me what name I need. Even if he was the nicest looking guy I had seen in a while.
“I think you are definitely too feminine to have a man’s name.”
I looked at K and rolled my eyes. She was looking strangely at Roman, then at me and back to him. I brought my brows together in a typical “what” expression. She shook her head slightly.
“So, what do you do at Karen’s business, Samantha?” Roman asked as he took a seat at the table uninvited. 
Apparently, he thought he had the right. I was sure with his looks he was used to getting anything and anyone he wanted.
“Actually, Sam owns half the business,” Karen interjected.
“Really? Attractive and successful. What a combination.”
Okay, so this guy must have a thing for older women. It was time to nip this in the bud. Even though my inner libido was begging me to indulge him, I didn’t have it in me to lead someone on. I knew there was no chance I would ever be in any kind of relationship with him, and I wasn’t looking for a one night stand.
“I’m sorry, Roman, but K and I were kind of in the middle of something, so if you don’t mind…” I let it hang.
He looked shocked. I looked over at K in hopes she would back me in getting rid of him, and she looked almost worried. Did she think he would get mad because I wasn’t interested in him?
After a moment, he seemed to snap out of his shock and instead seemed confused. “I apologize. I didn’t realize I was intruding.” He stood. “I hope you both have a wonderful evening. Karen. Samantha.” He nodded to each of us as he said our names. Then he walked over to the bar and had a seat on one of the stools. 
“Wow. I’ve never seen him act that way about a woman before,” K said as she stared at his back.
“You mean you two weren’t involved.”
She looked at me. “No! I told you we were just old friends. It was never anything like that.”
“Oh.” Old friends? From when? When he was a toddler, and she used to babysit him?
“Weren’t you attracted to him?” she asked me.
Hell yeah! I shrugged to play it down. I really didn’t want her to think I was some kind of cougar. “He’s good-looking, sure. But he’s way too young for me. Could you imagine me bringing him home to meet my kids?”
“You could just have a fling with him. You’re halfway across the US from your kids. They’ll never know.”
“Ugh. I would feel like a cradle-robber. No, thank you. I think I’ll stick with men my own age.”
“He’s older than he looks, you know.”
“If you tell me he’s my age, I’ll be asking what the name of his plastic surgeon is because his work is totally worth the money.”
She laughed. “No. I guess he doesn’t look our age. Maybe it’s just that he’s an old soul.”
I looked skeptical.
“Well, one thing’s for sure. He was totally smitten with you. I wonder what he’s going to do about it.”
“There’s nothing he can do.” Oh, if only I had known. It turned out there was a lot he could do. 
The next morning I stood outside the building in which K had leased an office for our publishing business. It was a new twelve-story building that looked sleek and expensive, which was why K chose it. Image was everything, and she couldn’t very well meet clients in her kitchen. Or at least that’s what she told me when she rented it.
I entered the building and walked to the wall of elevators on the other side of the lobby. As I stood there waiting, a man walked up to stand beside me. The elevator dinged, and both of us entered. He reached forward to push the button for his floor, then turned to me. I saw he had already chosen the tenth.
“I’m getting off at the tenth as well,” I told him.
He nodded with a polite smile, then stood toward the back of the elevator. He could have been the older brother to Roman from last night—same dark hair and eyes, even the mouth looked just as kissable. But this man was probably twenty years older. He looked at me and catching me checking him out, smiled again. I suddenly felt nervous, so I decided to talk. It’s what I usually do.
“So, you work on the tenth floor?”
“Yes, I recently moved my practice there.”
“You’re a shrink?”
His smile grew. “We prefer the term clinical psychologist.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“On the contrary, it’s nice to find someone who isn’t afraid to tell me what they really think. Have you rented an office as well? I didn’t think there were any more available on my floor.”
“My business partner rented one a couple of months ago. I’ve been out of town, and this is the first time I’ve actually been here.”
“That explains it. I’m sure I would have noticed if you had visited before.”
The elevator opened on our floor, and he reached forward to put his hand in the doorway allowing me to exit first. I stepped off, and he fell into step beside me as we walked down the hallway. He stopped at the first door, and I saw “Dr. Alexander, Ph.D.” on a plaque beside the door. 
“This is me,” he said.
“Well, it was nice to meet you, Dr. Alexander.”
“Please, call me Roman.”

My face was vibrating. I tried to swipe it away and only managed to move the vibration to my chest. What in the world was that? I opened my eyes. I was lying on my stomach in my bed, and the vibration was my phone. As my befuddled brain evaluated what was going on, my phone stopped vibrating then immediately started again. I climbed up to my hands and knees and sat back on my heels while answering the phone.
“Sunny Dubois,” I said as I threw my long dark hair out of my face.
“Hello, Daughter. I am sorry to wake you, but I have a case for you. If you’re up for it.”
Was he kidding? “As long as it doesn’t involve handing out tickets, you have your girl.”
He laughed. “Oh, this is most assuredly not a misdemeanor case. A dead Vampere was found in the middle of the street in Dallas.”
“In the middle of the street? Was he killed there?”
“That would be for you to determine, but my sources say no. Calvin is currently on his way so we will learn more once he conducts his evaluation.”
“All right. I’ll get Tristan and hop a portal.”
“Very good. The local police are being taken care of, but I would like as little exposure as possible.”
“I’ll do a quick look-see; then we’ll bring the Vamp back for further examination.”
“That sounds like the most feasible plan. Be well, Daughter.”
“You as well, Father.”
I hung up then called Tristan.
“Hey, Mom. ’Sup?”
“Meet me on the corner in five minutes.”
“Whoa. I’m kinda in the middle of something.”
“Duty calls, Son. Unless you’d rather sit this one out.”
“It’s a real case? No baby shit?”
“If you’re not at the portal in five minutes, I’m leaving without you.”
I hung up. He’d be there. He had been an actual agent for almost six months now but had been on probation, which has consisted of only handling misdemeanor cases. As his partner, it meant I have been stuck working the same cases. Boring doesn’t begin to describe it. But I knew I would have to do it when I first agreed to let him become one of the council’s agents. My one concession was that he would work as my partner for the first year or until I thought he was ready to be on his own. He now was my only child after all. 
I threw on my clothes and grabbed my phone before leaving my house through the garage. Being able to bring my car would make getting around Dallas easier. Or I hoped it would. When I reached the gate surrounding my estate, I entered the code and held my hand to the monitor until it was accepted, and the gate began to open. Tristan was standing on the other side. I stopped, and he got in. 
“Nothing like giving me advanced notice.”
“Sorry if I interrupted your nightly romp. Next time, I’ll leave you to your women and go by myself.”
“Now, let’s not get hasty. I don’t give you grief over your relationship with Doyle. I was just asking for common courtesy.”
“Mine and Doyle’s relationship isn’t like that. It’s merely a trade-off. I have what he needs, and he takes what I can’t otherwise get rid of.”
“Yeah, you’ve told me before, but I tell you that he wants more than that from you.”
“We are both contented with our current partnership.”
“No, you are content. He would rather it be more permanent. And wouldn’t you prefer a more stable relationship? You know, with a man—not Doyle.”
“I have two stable relationships with men currently, and believe me, when I say that is more than enough.”
“I was referring to an intimate relationship with someone who isn’t related to you.”
“Why, so I can break up with them and find a new one every other week like you do?”
“I can’t help it that women can’t be more understanding when I tell them I can’t say what I do for a living and that I work seventy-plus hours a week.”
“And what was your excuse before becoming an agent of the council? Oh yes, now I remember. You didn’t want to be tied down to just one girl.”
His good looks had women practically flocking to his bedroom. His blond hair and dark eyes looked nothing like my dark hair and blue eyes, but age-wise, I looked like I could be his sister. At least most of the time.
“I didn’t then. Now I wouldn’t mind a relationship, but being called in the wee hours of the morning to go do something I can’t share with anyone kind of puts a damper on my possible dates. I had to practically throw this one out the door while she was, uh, less than appropriately dressed. She actually accused me of being married. She thought my wife was on the way home.”
Looking at him, I rolled my eyes. “You should have told her your mom was on the way home.” I chuckled. “As far as work goes, I notified you thirty seconds after I was notified. Would you like me to ask Lucian to call you first next time? I’m sure he would love to hear about how important your time is, and that proper notification should be given prior to you doing your job.”
“Ugh. Don’t tell Grandfather. The last time I complained about something he spent two hours lecturing me about the proper behavior of young men and how I was failing.”
I smiled at him. “Just be lucky he wasn’t the one to train you in becoming an agent. Trust me. No one knows how to exploit failure like Lucian.” 
“All I can say is better you than me.”
“Is that any way to treat your mother?”
“Hey, he’s your father.”
“And your grandfather. I think a little one-on-one time with dear old Gramps would do you good. I’ll be sure to schedule your next training session with him. Of course, I’ll be there for moral support—and to watch.”
“You’re sadistic. You know that.”
“Mwah-ha-ha. How did that sound? Villainous enough?”
He rolled his eyes.
We pulled into the park on the corner and made our way around to the fountain. It was built just inside the tree line and was surrounded by woods on three of the four sides. Many thought it was to give one the peacefulness of the forest and running water at the same time, but the Fabled had built this fountain as one of many portals around the globe. Essentially, the portal was closed unless someone with magical power decided to use it, in which case, there was a failsafe cloaking spell that would activate as soon as the portal was opened. It certainly made it a lot faster and easier to get from Georgia to Texas.
As we approached the fountain, I sent out my magic to open the portal and thought about where I wanted to go. All the portals were interconnected, and every major city in the world had at least one. Most larger cities had several. Dallas was no exception, and it had three that I could remember. I aimed for the one that was closest to the coordinates the council had sent to my phone. I could see the slight shimmer around the fountain and knew the portal was open, so I drove through. 
We came out at the end of an alley in central Dallas. I hit the GPS on my phone and followed the directions to the street I was looking for. We were in the middle of the industrial district, and even at five o’clock in the morning, there was traffic and people everywhere. This wasn’t good.
“Damn, no wonder the council is involved in this one.”
I nodded. “Even if this Vamp was killed in self-defense, the killer will be put to death for bringing attention to our kind.”
“The cardinal sin,” Tristan joked.
I quickly parked and started toward the dead body and our medical examiner Calvin Cooley. “Hey, Cal.”
“Hello, Sunny. Tell me, what do you see here?”
“I’m going to assume you mean besides the obvious.”
He nodded.
The obvious would be a cluster fuck. We were standing in the middle of a crowded street. At least four Wizards were holding a ward around the crime scene that was causing the cars and people to divert their course. Luckily, there didn’t seem to be much backup as far as the cars go, but we needed to get out of here quickly.
I concentrated my attention on the body. He appeared to be in his mid-twenties. That didn’t mean much as Vamps go since most Fabled could change their age at will. Only a few could change their entire appearance while most could just make themselves younger or older depending on what they wanted. It was because of the magic that kept them immortal. Blood magic, in the case of Vampere, was easily manipulated if you knew how. It was always working to keep them eternally young anyway, so it made sense they could use it to look younger or older. I once met a Vamp, who appeared as a child and liked being that young. Personally, I think that’s creepy, but to each their own. 
This Vamp was good-looking with blond hair and light-colored eyes. They were probably blue at one point but had a white haze over them now. He had a swimmer’s build and was at least six feet tall. It didn’t surprise me that he was attractive. As the only species of Fabled that are made instead of born, it is quite common to find them the “cream of the crop,” so to speak. I mean, who wants to turn some short, balding accountant into a Vampere and then have to spend all of your time with them for the next couple of centuries. From what I’ve learned about them, all Vampere sires treat their creations as sons or daughters and dedicate the time after their rebirth to teaching them everything there is to know about being a member of the Fabled. I guess it made sense because the sire was responsible for them, and if they screwed up, the council wouldn’t hesitate to eliminate them to prevent exposure.
I continued to evaluate the dead Vamp before me. He was lying spread-eagle in the very middle of the street. No doubt he was placed here. The thing I didn’t see was an apparent cause of death. Vamps, like all Fabled, are hard to kill. Usually, decapitation or destroying the heart were the only two surefire ways for immediate death. This guy didn’t appear to have a scratch on him. As I inspected the body for wounds, I noticed there was a sheen of liquid on his skin. I checked the face and arms. All visible skin seemed to have it covering it.
“Why is he sweating?” I asked Cal.
“That is not perspiration but condensation you see.”
Condensation? That means he was cold, and it was definitely becoming warm out here on this early spring morning.
“He was refrigerated?”
“Frozen. Look at the eyes, and when I took his internal temperature a few minutes ago, it was only forty-six degrees. Without being able to open him up, I would guess that was probably the cause of death.”
“Freezing won’t kill a Vamp unless someone managed to freeze him and keep him frozen until he ran out of magic.”
Cal nodded. “That is what I’m thinking.”
“So someone locked him in their deep freezer until he died?” Tristan asked.
“No. He could have broken through something that flimsy. Even an industrial freezer wouldn’t have held him,” I said.
“Not unless it was lined,” Cal said.
“With silver. That would mean the killer planned this out.”
It wasn’t that silver would kill a Vamp, just that the alloys in silver combatted a Vampere’s magic, making them unable to bend or break it any more than a human would be able to. 
“If that’s how he died. I won’t know for sure until I get him back to my lab.”
“Take him, but leave the spell casters for a few more minutes. I need to see if I can find anything left by the killer.”
Cal nodded, then held out his hands, and the body lifted off the ground and became invisible at the same time. He started for a van, and the body followed. I looked at the asphalt where the body had been lying. There was a wet spot the size of the corpse on the road. 
I knelt, put my hand to the ground, and sent my magic out in a radius around me. My magic mixed with the energy in my surroundings, and I pulled it back to me, absorbing it all. From it, I could get snatches of what took place here in reverse. I saw Cal standing over the body, then the casters spreading out, then a human standing over the body screaming, then finally a black van and two people dressed completely in black pulling the body out of the back and putting it in the middle of the street. Their clothes were nondescript, and they had ski masks over their faces. They took the time to place the body in the center of the road, and it took both of them pulling on the legs and arms to spread them out. As they returned to the van, one stayed behind to look at the body. The other waved his hand for him to come on. There was the only clue I would get. 
On the palm of the one man’s hand was a tattoo. An odd place for a tat and an even more bizarre design. It was the symbol of Caduceus. You know, the winged staff with the two serpents entwined around it. The US Medical Corps had adopted the symbol about a hundred years ago, but it was originally the sign of Hermes, the messenger of the Greek Gods. Why would one of the killers have it tattooed on his hand? Was he a military doctor or did it stand for something else?
I stood up and turned to Tristan. “Come on. I’ve found out all I can here.”
I turned to the caster closest to me and nodded. He returned the nod, and as one, they dropped the ward. Just like that, cars started driving down the street, and people stood at the crosswalk ready to go once they saw the green man. I started toward my car and Tristan followed.
Once inside, I turned to him. “What do you know about the symbol of Caduceus?”
“Uh, not much other than the basics, which I’m sure you already know.”
I nodded. “I think we need to find out what organizations are currently using that symbol, other than the US military, of course.”
“Did the killer have that logo embroidered on his shirt or something?”
“Tattooed on his hand. It was the only clue I picked up, other than an unmarked black van.”
“Yeah, let’s go with the tattoo.”
I smiled.
“I can start calling around to local shops to see if they’ve done the piece recently while you check out the symbol itself.”
“Good idea.” It wasn’t much, but it was better than nothing. 


Chapter Two
“Demons are a girl’s best friend”


My search for groups using the Caduceus symbol brought up nada. Other than a few offshoot medical companies and a few American ambulance companies, there was nothing—no secret organization that liked to freeze people to death. I did find out the victim’s name. He was Howard Davidson of Aberdeen. He was reported missing just over a year ago. There were no leads in the case. He seemed like an average Joe as far as Fabled go. He worked for a telecommunications company in middle management. He hadn’t been a Vamp too long, only about thirty years, which isn’t long for a Vamp, trust me. His sire was the one to report him missing. 
Like most Vampere relationships Howard’s sire considered him his son and treated him more like a young adult than the almost-thirty-year-old man he had been before turning. Most sires care for their “children” for at least the first hundred years of new life. After that, the relationship turns into more of a typical adult parent/child situation. Some Vampere children stay close to home while others move to the other side of the world, depending on their wants or needs, but remain in contact with their sires. That doesn’t mean all sires are created equal. Just like humans, there are good parents, and then there are those parents who should have been sterilized at puberty for the good of the population. Like those mothers that give their sons bleach baths because they are unclean, and then the child becomes the latest and worst serial killer. Unfortunately, some sires are just as bad, and just like human children, those Vampere children have no way to fight back. They are only mildly more powerful than an adult human is until they reach their first century. Then slowly gain strength for the next eternity, if they live that long.
It seemed Howard’s sire was one of the good ones. He had already shown up to identify the body and was standing before me now with tears in his eyes. He was too manly to allow them to fall, though. “You will make him pay for this. I know you can, and you will do this for me.”
I don’t do demands very well, but I was willing to let this one pass since it was obvious he was upset. “Yes, Mr. Ortega. I will find your son’s killer, and when I do, he will meet the same fate as all of those who have the misfortune of getting on my radar.”
“Sí, yes. I am confident you will. Please keep me informed.”
“As soon as I find them and eliminate them, I’ll give you a call.”
He nodded then cleared his throat before turning and leaving my office. I would do as I said and find this killer. I’ve been working this job for close to thirty years, and I have never failed to find my man. This would be no exception. Granted it was a little weirder than my usual cases, but I was sure I would find a break soon enough. With that thought, my cell started ringing.
“Whatcha got, Cal?”
“Hello to you too, Sunny. We were right. It looks like the vic died from lack of magic. Being unable to regenerate caused him to expire. There was something else I found. There was a two-and-a-half-inch incision made just under the ribcage on his left side. It was mostly healed prior to death. Want to guess what was taken?”
“Let’s see. Left side under the ribcage. Obviously, it wasn’t the heart since that wasn’t the cause of death. What can be removed from the body without causing death? Spleen?”
“Ding, ding, ding. We have a winner.”
“Why would anyone freeze a Vamp, then cut out his spleen? Why would anyone want a spleen? Is there some kind of black market I don’t know about? I thought those usually dealt in organs that were vital, like kidneys and such.”
“I wouldn’t know about black markets, but I do know that approximately a pint of blood is contained within the spleen of an average adult, Vampere being no exception. When under duress or during times of extreme stress, blood flow increases, and the spleen can hold up to one-and-a-half pints of blood. If it were frozen at that point, it would give the killer quite a bit of the victim’s blood.”
“Why would they need the vic’s blood?”
“That would be for you to figure out. That is the only reason I could think of for removing the spleen. It isn’t as though they could use a syringe to withdraw blood when it’s frozen. A spleen would give them all the blood they need. For what, I don’t know.”
“Crazier and crazier. Okay, Cal, thanks. If you find out anything else, call me.”
“I don’t think there is anymore. There are no other injuries. I ran all the usual spells on him and his clothing, but there was nothing, which is quite odd. Usually, the killer leaves some kind of signature. It’s as though they were cloaked.”
“You think another magic user did him in?”
I could practically see him shrug. “I don’t know, Sunny.”
“All right. Thanks again.” I hung up. Well, that was quite unusual. Obviously, whoever did this had medical training. Perhaps they really were ex-military doctors.
When Tristan finished his search for tattoos, he joined me in the office we shared. “Well, I got bupkus. There were several of these tattoos done over the last few years, but none on the palm of the hand. How about you?”
I told him what Cal said.
“You think the government is behind this?”
I thought about it for a minute. “Unlikely. They would have destroyed the body instead of dumping it.”
“Unless they wanted it found.”
“Why would they want us to find it?”
He shrugged.
“It’s more likely the killer didn’t have a means to burn the body or didn’t feel like digging a hole.”
“But they had a giant reinforced freezer? One strong enough to hold a Vamp I might add.”
“Good point, but I still don’t think it’s the government. If they knew about us, we would have a lot more to deal with than a single frozen Vamp.”
“True, but they could be keeping it on the down low. Experimenting on Vamps to find out what makes them tick. That way they can build the perfect weapon to blow them off the map.”
“Whoa. Someone’s been watching too many sci-fi movies.”
“Sure, poke fun now. We’ll see what fun you’re having when their shooting you with lasers from space.”
I rolled my eyes. “I’m not a Vamp, and I’m pretty sure they don’t have lasers in space. Oh, and if they get me, I’m taking you with me.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“Sure thing.”
It was his turn to roll his eyes. 
That evening I dropped Tristan off at the house he currently rented. I had laughed last year when he told me he was moving out and then proceeded to tell me the house he would be moving into was less than a half-mile from my own home.
I had just pulled up to the gate surrounding my home when Doyle called. 
“Hello, my sun. Would you have the time to come for a visit this evening?”
“Not tonight, Doyle. It’s been an exceptionally long day.”
“All the more reason to come by. Look Sun, I really need a pick me up. I promise to make it worth it to you.”
“You can’t wait until tomorrow night? Or you could find another Fabled.”
“You don’t want me anymore?”
“It’s not that. I just think you should find someone more permanent. You know I can’t always come when you need me.”
“I do use some others, but none of them hold a candle to you.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“I believe the expression is intended to represent how much better you are than others.”
“I know what the phrase means. I’m wondering what you mean by using it.”
“Exactly that. I would prefer to be with you.”
“Because you can extract more energy?”
He was silent for a second. “There is that, yes. And other reasons. I’m sure you don’t need me to go over all the reasons a man would want to be with you.”
I sighed. “I’ll come over tonight, but I want you to find someone else to suit your needs. I can’t just come whenever you need me. I’m back on full duty now, and I’m pretty sure the case I’m working is going to keep me busy for a while. It’s time to find someone else. Do you understand, Doyle?”
Again he was silent. “Yes, Sun, I understand. As they say, all good things must come to an end.”
“I’ll see you in fifteen.”
I didn’t wait for him to respond. Instead, I hung up and pulled back out into the street. I would have to take a portal to Doyle’s home because he lives in Virginia, and I live in Georgia, but it wouldn’t take long to get there. The portal I usually took was the same one I took to Dallas this morning. 
As I drove, my mind wandered back to the night I first met Doyle. I was chasing down a group of rogue Vampere. Its members had been smuggling drugs, spells, people, anything they could sell on the black market, and leaving a trail of dead bodies in their wake. All attempts to find their sire were futile, and even if we found them, it was unlikely he or she would have been able, or even wanted, to bring them to heel.
It took me several weeks to find them because they changed their location almost every day or two. One routine I found they always stuck to—they would meet at the docks every night after their business was concluded. I figured their stash was hidden on one of the boats, so after I finally found them at a local motel and exterminated them all, I returned to the docks and located the boat that belonged to one of them. 
I expected to find drugs and magical paraphernalia, but instead I found four coffins wrapped in silver chains. That was the cruelest form of punishment for a Vampere. Barring any injuries that would require healing, a Vamp can survive for a long time without blood. They would weaken considerably, and the power they lost during their imprisonment would take centuries to recover, but they would live. Could you imagine being locked in a box for decades or longer with nothing but your own thoughts to keep you company? It would drive the sanest person mad, and most Vamps aren’t that sane, to begin with. Well, at least not the ones I’ve had the pleasure of meeting. Something about the blood magic changes them. Some are saner than others, but they’re all at least a little crazy. Then again, who isn’t?
Anyway, I found some extra silver chains lying in a corner and wrapped them around my neck, crossed over my chest, and around my stomach. Then I pulled my sword out of its hip sheath and used it to cut the chains of the first coffin. Without opening the lid, I stepped back and waited. After a minute, I figured the Vamp was too weak to open the lid himself, so I slowly did it. He was dead and, by the looks of the body, had been that way for quite a while. The first thing I noticed was that he had not died slowly. Or, he hadn’t died over a series of years as most would in his situation. He had died of silver poisoning. His body had shriveled in death, but his mouth was still open on a scream, and the inside was coated in silver.
One by one, I opened the coffins. The second Vamp was as dead as the first only he had died without the silver. I was beginning to think all I would find was dead Vamps when I opened the third coffin, and the Vampere inside jumped out at me. He grabbed my sword hand and brought it toward his mouth. I could see his razor-sharp fangs extending as he opened wide to bite deeply. I did the one thing I knew would kill him. I sent my magic to my forearm where the Vamp’s skin touched mine, used it to cling to his, and began pulling it into me. Usually, it took several seconds to kill someone this way, but the combination of me pulling his magic in as fast as I could and his lack of energy, to begin with, had him losing his grip and falling to the floor almost immediately. I grabbed his hand as he released mine, and continued to absorb his magic until there was no more.
Once he was dead, I stood back up to catch my breath. My head began to pound, and I thought I might pass out from the pain of it, but I managed to retain consciousness. It always hurt after absorbing too much of another’s magic, which is why I only did it as a last resort. It was better to be in pain than to be dead. A headache was my body’s way of telling me I needed to expel some of the pent-up magic. Only, I couldn’t just release it. I would have to use the magic until it was gone. The good thing about absorbing magic like that is I get the abilities of the Fabled I absorbed from. Unfortunately, the only abilities, other than growing fangs, Vamps have are mind control, running fast, and healing quickly. So, unless I wanted to make a few trips around the park at warp speed or cut myself several times, then run around making a bunch of people cluck like chickens, I was pretty much stuck with this extra magic until it wore off. That could take several days. 
I still had one coffin to open, so I shook off the pain, and better prepared myself when I lifted the lid. If this Vamp thought he was going to get away with eating me as a snack, he had another think coming. I couldn’t absorb his magic too like I did his friend, but I made sure to hold my sword at an angle that would kill him if he lunged at me. I removed the chains but held onto the lid so he couldn’t push it open. Then I slowly lifted it and was surprised by what I found. There was no Vamp in the coffin, but instead, a Demon lay within. He looked at me and smiled. I must say he was one of the most handsome males I have ever laid eyes on, and then I could feel his magic. It was calling me, pulling me, making me want whatever he could give me. His green eyes seemed to look into my soul, and his copper-colored hair was begging me to run my fingers through it. The thought of my nails on his scalp had a sigh escaping my mouth. 
I put my sword to his throat. “Stop trying to seduce me incubus or I will end your miserable existence right here and now.”
He smiled and tried to look apologetic. It didn’t suit him very well. “I am quite sorry, but it is very hard to control when I am in such need.”
“How long have you been in this coffin?”
He smiled. “It is rather hard to keep a track of time while stuck in the dark but according to my watch,”—he held up a pocket watch that looked like it was at least a couple hundred years old—“it has been close to forty years, give or take a few days.”
“Forty years? How did you even see the watch in the dark?” I almost asked how it was still running but realized a watch that old would be the wind-up kind.
“You do realize I was created in Hell. Do you think there is much sunlight there? Believe me, when I say it is not hard for me to see in the dark.” He took a deep breath before letting it out in a sigh. “It seems like only yesterday I was running amuck in this fine city. We are still in Virginia, are we not?”
“Yes. Why were you locked in here? I want details.”
“And why would that be? If you don’t like them, will you kill me?”
“Probably not. I will know if you’re lying to me, but also, if your master mistreated you, there are actions that you can take against her.”
It wasn’t often Demons lived on this plane, but when they did, they almost always aligned themselves with someone stronger. It gave them protection, and I guess they were used to it, based on the hierarchy of the hell dimension.
He smiled fondly at me. “My Mistress punished me for not completing a task for her.”
“I said details. What was the task?”
He was still lying in the coffin, but I kept my sword aimed at him in case he attacked.
“To kill a human. I could not do it.”
“Why not?”
“She was beautiful, both outside and in. A light in the dark. To snuff out that light would have been to deny this world one of its most precious treasures.”
“Wow. A sentimental Demon. That’s not something you see every day.”
He huffed. “We have hearts too. Just some are smaller than others. I, myself, am a lover, not a fighter.”
“Yeah, I bet you just love your victims to death. Why did your mistress want this human killed?”
“Jealousy, I think. Of course, her reasons are her own, but I believe she was envious of this woman because the man my mistress loved was in love with this beautiful human.”
“So your mistress decided to eliminate the competition.”
He nodded slightly.
“I’m sure you could post a complaint with the council. We’ve been unsuccessful with finding your mistress so far, but we’ll find her eventually.”
“We? You work for the council?”
I smiled, kept my sword up, and held out my other hand. “Sunny Dubois. Council enforcer.”
He slowly lifted his hand to meet mine, and when our skin touched, I felt a tingle run through me. It moved around inside and slowly worked its way back to my hand and on to his. He brought my hand to his mouth and kissed it. Another tingle ran through me stronger this time.
“Sunny. Yes, that sounds apt. Doyle McConnell at your service, madam.”
I pulled my hand away and stepped back. I noticed my head wasn’t pounding as strongly as it had been. He had absorbed some of my magic just through that small touch. 
Doyle sat up in the coffin and brushed himself off. I don’t see why. It wasn’t as if dust had managed to seep into the airtight coffin and collect on him.
“Ah, that’s better. A little more magic and I’ll be right as rain.”
“If you kill a human to gain your magic, I will hunt you down. Right now I don’t have any reason not to release you, though I urge you to press charges with the council.”
He laughed slightly. “There’ll be no need for that, my beautiful Sun. I wouldn’t want to bother the council with my personal affairs. There is something you could do for me, though. I fear in my current state I would not be able to help myself if I were to encounter a human.”
“I’m not sure how you want me to help you with that. Would you like me to take you to some place Fabled frequent? Possibly a Vampere, a Witch, or a Wizard could help you.”
He smiled at me. “I was thinking of a more hands-on way of helping me.”
I drew my brows together wondering what he meant. He slowly climbed out of the coffin and approached me. I didn’t lower my sword as he came closer, and he must have taken that as a sign I was cooperating. He brushed my hair off my forehead with his thumb, and I could feel that tingle follow. My headache was temporarily appeased. He was almost a foot taller than I was and lowered his head so he could look me in the eye.
“Poor Sunny. How it must pain you to keep all of that inside. I can help you with it. Allow me to, and I will take your excess. In return, you will prevent me from hurting someone else. Perhaps it was fate that you found me tonight.”
He ran his thumb across my bottom lip, and I closed my eyes as relief ran through me again. I wasn’t stupid. This was a Demon, one that killed by seducing women and sucking their energy. He could take from other Fabled without killing because they could easily replenish the magic, but humans couldn’t absorb energy like we could and would die. A lot of Demon prefer it that way. They got their own pleasure from killing their victim. It seemed as though Doyle would prefer his meal live and kicking. 
Maybe he was right. If he absorbed my extra energy, it was a win–win. He would get what he needed, and I could offload the magic that was causing me pain. It would help him and me to function. The only problem was the way he took magic from others. I knew he couldn’t absorb much through touching alone. Incubi gained the bulk of their magic through orgasmic release. But then again, he was one nice-looking guy. I hadn’t been with anyone since—I wasn’t going to think about him—and it was well known that incubi were the greatest lovers on the planet—until they killed you at least. I wasn’t worried with Doyle. Why would he want to kill me? I could be the ultimate cash cow for him. Maybe I should think of a new name. I don’t particularly like being called a cow. But the point is, if he could take my excess energy, I was likely to use him on a regular basis.
“So you want to take only my extra energy. Is there a way I can give the magic to you? That way I know you’re only getting what I want you to have.”
His smile spread across his face. “Yes, my sun. You can give to me instead of me taking. You must simply set aside the energy that is not yours. Of course, this will need a more intimate interaction.”
“Sex, Doyle. It’s called sex.”
“Yes, it is. At the time of your release, you let go of the magic that is not yours, and I will take it.”
“How do I let it go? I’ve never been able to release it before.”
“I will be pulling it. All you have to do is shield your magic, and the rest will come to me. Do you agree?”
How the hell do I shield my own magic? I thought about it for a minute. I closed my eyes and looked inside at the magics as they intertwined inside me. I could easily determine the difference between my own and the magic I took from the Vamp. I reached out and touched Doyle’s arm. I could see the magic move toward my hand, so I pulled back my own and allowed the Vamp’s magic to continue to my hand and into him.
I opened my eyes. Yes, I could do this. All I had to do is keep a hold on my magic, and that was easy enough. I looked at Doyle and nodded. He was kissing me before I finished. 
This would work for both of us. I wouldn’t have to worry about killing someone using magic anymore because I would have Doyle to take it from me afterward, and I wouldn’t have to worry about one day having to kill him because he would have a constant source of energy in me. The fact that I get to take the edge off with great sex was an added bonus. Like I said, win–win.


Chapter Three
“One is the loneliest number”


“You know, Father, I really do like to sleep every once in a while.”
“I apologize, Sunny, but I thought it would be prudent to advise you two more bodies washed ashore last night.”
I sat up in bed so fast I nearly dropped my phone. “Whoa. Like the first?”
“I haven’t received the confirmation from Calvin, but it is suspected.”
“Ashore where?”
“Lake Lavon.”
“They were probably dumped by boat.”
“That would be presumable.”
“Wow. You’re just full of information today, aren’t you?”
“I will not assume. You know what that makes us.”
I laughed. Lucian talking about making an ass out of us was funny. 
“All right. I’ll see what I can find out and meet with you afterward. Maybe you’ll have some better ideas with some more information.”
“Indeed. Oh, I have already taken the liberty of notifying Tristan.”
I smiled even though he couldn’t see. Lucian always knew everything, so it didn’t surprise me that he was aware of Tristan’s complaint yesterday. “I’m sure he appreciates being the first to know.”
He chuckled. “Yes, I’m sure he does. Take care, Daughter. I will see you soon.”
“You too, Father.”
I hung up the phone and got ready to leave. There was a horn honk from outside, so I grabbed my jacket and ran for the door. As I got in the car, I smiled at Tristan, but he didn’t say a word. He knows better than to complain. It’ll just lead to more unwanted situations like this one.
“You look tired,” he said after a few minutes.
“I’m not surprised. This is the second night in a row that I only managed to get three hours of sleep.”
He shook his head. “You can go much longer. You visited Doyle last night.”
He hadn’t bothered to ask, and I didn’t bother to answer.
“I asked you not to go see him unless you needed to.”
“Part of this agreement is I feed him when he really needs it too.”
“He could find someone else for that. You can’t.”
“I could.”
“Not easily. Not someone you could trust not to just kill you.”
“Tristan, I told him I couldn’t do it anymore and that he needed to find someone else. Does that end this argument?”
“Only if you meant it. I know how he ropes you back in. You’re the only person in the world who thinks a Demon is a good guy.”
“I’m sure he wasn’t at one point. Just as I’m certain he has done some truly heinous things in his past, but as long as he’s trying to be better, I will try to help him be better.”
“Then help him by finding him another donor.” He seemed to think about it for a moment. “Hey, you think you could take out a personal ad for something like that.”
“And say what, ‘Lonely Demon seeking energetic woman to feed off and fuck’?”
“Or what about this one: ‘Hungry Demon seeking next snack and sex.’ Short and sweet, nothing like Doyle at all.”
“Son, stop hating on him. What is your problem with him anyway? It’s not as though he’s the stepdad you just can’t get along with. I only see him every once in a while, but you’ve hated him since first learning about him.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t love the idea that the one woman in my life I care about is feeding herself to a Demon. It’s not right, Mom. He could kill you, and then where would I be?”
Alone. I didn’t say it and neither did he. He’s always feared being alone, even as a little child. My mind was instantly thrown back into the day I first met him. My too-skinny, dirty, little boy. 
I had been tracking a small pack of Loup-garou—also known as crazy-ass Weres—twenty-two years ago. They had been feeding on human flesh in the greater Chicago area, and I had been sent in to stop them. The alpha of the group was a sly one. Whereas most werewolves prefer the woods and country life, this one kept his gang to the inner city. It was harder to be spotted in the crowd and easier for them to find prey. Twenty-eight humans had been killed and partially eaten by this group before I found them at a low-rent motel. 
After killing them, I left the room and started down the balcony toward the stairs leading to the parking lot. I was passing the room next to the Loups when I heard a small voice. 
“Mama? Mama, wake up. Please.”
I didn’t even slow my stride. That wasn’t my problem if his mom was too drunk to get out of bed. I learned long ago that you can’t help everyone, and there wasn’t anything I could do about a situation like that.
“Mama, I’m alone. Please don’t leave me alone.”
I stopped without turning. His tiny voice was playing my heartstrings like a harp. He sounded so sad, and the worst thing was the mom hadn’t even responded. Not just a single sentence letting him know he wasn’t alone—nothing. 
I moved closer to the door, leaned in, and breathed deep. Blood. My immediate thought was the Loups next door had gotten to her. I tried the door, and it was unlocked, so I let myself in. A little boy was cowering next to the cheap headboard of the hotel bed that had blood all over it and a very dead woman lying on it. I moved closer, and the boy flinched back.
“It’s all right, Son. I’m going to help you.” I looked closer at the woman. The Loups hadn’t attacked her. She had multiple stab wounds, and the knife was lying beside her on the bed. I touched the back of my hand to the weapon. I didn’t want to leave my prints, and all it took was touching it to see who killed her. It was the boy’s father. Apparently, she had blown his money on drugs and had paid the ultimate price for it. 
I stood back up and looked at the boy. He stared at me in return. He was so young, probably no more than three, and he was skinny. I could see all of his bones and his cheeks were sunken in. He was favoring his right arm, and I wondered if it was hurt. I made a decision right then to keep him. He wasn’t Fabled, and it was frowned upon to involve humans in our lives, but I didn’t care. I had left my own children, so they wouldn’t learn our secret. I would be damned if I was going to abandon this child too. He obviously had no other family, at least none that gave a crap, or he wouldn’t be here with a dead body. More than likely if I hadn’t come along, the super would have been the one to find them when he didn’t receive his rent. 
I held my hand out for the boy, and he just looked at me. “It’s okay, Son. I promise I won’t hurt you. If you come with me, we’ll eat, and I will make sure you’re never alone again.”
He reached out with his left hand and took mine. I sent magic into him to heal his broken right arm and to help sustain him until I could get him some food. The poor boy hadn’t eaten in a couple of days. 
I remember a conversation we had a few months later when I first introduced him to his grandfather and explained that he wasn’t my biological father either. Tristan had asked how he could be my son and Lucian my father, and I told him blood was thicker than water, but love was thicker than both.  



Chapter Four
“Ivana Tsukyablud”


Both Vamps were young, probably no more than forty or fifty years, and had been missing for over a year. Both showed signs of being frozen too. With their bodies being submerged in the water and then floating ashore I wasn’t able to use the magic surrounding them to ascertain any information about who dumped them, which in a word was frustrating.

Over the next two weeks, three more bodies washed ashore—all young Vamps, all frozen with their spleens removed, and all had gone missing within a few months of each other. The consensus was that they were captured and killed by someone in an attempt to find out everything they could about Vampere. Now that the bodies were used up, the killers were disposing of them. More than one agent had agreed with Tristan’s government conspiracy theory.
“It is time, Daughter. You have put it off much too long.”
I sighed before looking at my father. He was sitting in the single chair facing my desk while I stood in front of the window. The day outside was as dreary as the mood I was in. I knew he was right, but I hated what I would have to do. I nodded, and Lucian rose before holding his hand out to me. I hesitated for a moment. He was one of only a few people on this planet who would make that offer to me, and it was nice to know that someone actually trusted me enough to allow me to touch them. I smiled at him then took it. He allowed me to take a deep breath before he warped the space around us and manipulated it until we reached our destination. 
He released my hand and took a step away as I acclimated to my new surroundings. I hated traveling by portal that way. It was very rare that a Fabled had the ability to open his or her own portals at will. The only species known to have that ability were the Djinn, and they were an extremely rare race. Lucian was the most powerful Wizard in existence, so he was used to manipulating not only magic but also pretty much everything, and everybody, else. It was because of his unique abilities I was still living on this earth.
I looked around us and saw he had brought us onto the roof of a medieval castle in the middle of the eastern Alps. I disliked this overdone castle almost as much as I did the overdone Vamp, who owned it.
“Ah, Lucian. What an unexpected visit.” He bowed to my father before turning to me. “And, Sunny, you grow more beautiful every day.”
“Augustus. Thank you for meeting with us,” Lucian said while I studiously ignored the pompous Vamp.
“You know I am always willing to help one of our agents find a killer, especially you, Sunny.”
He smiled lasciviously at me. I managed a face that vaguely resembled a smile but probably looked more like a grimace. 
“Come. Let us retire inside. Then you can tell me how I can help you.”
He put his hand on the small of my back, and I wanted to rip it off, but I reached deep inside and searched for a shred of diplomacy to help me through this situation. 
Augustus Aigner was the head of the entire species of Vampere and second in leadership of the council. He liked everything elaborately gaudy, probably to detract from his own unattractiveness. He is the only non-good-looking Vamp I have ever seen. It wasn’t that he was ugly per se, just average. He was turned in his mid thirties, but even at that early of age, he had a major receding hairline. The fact that what hair remained was practically white and long enough to reach his thighs only made the loss more prominent. He had cold blue eyes, and his face was stuck in a permanent grimace that made him look constipated. Oh, and he was one of the most arrogant, pompous, astutely ignorant men I have ever had the displeasure of knowing, which only made him more unattractive. My dislike for him ran much deeper than my prejudice against Vamps themselves. If I were honest, I would know that it wasn’t Vamps as a race that I disliked but instead, the few that I knew personally. But I would have to also say that those few didn’t give me much hope for the rest of the species.
Augustus led us into his elaborately decorated sitting room and took a seat in an armchair that looked dangerously close to being a throne. He motioned for us to sit in the other opulent chairs surrounding his throne. I had a mental battle with my eyeballs to force them not to roll, and only barely managed to win. We sat in a pair of chairs angled to face each other as well as our host.
“Would you like a drink, Sunny?”
I shook my head, and he looked displeased with my response. He turned to Lucian.
“Yes, a nice brandy should do well.” My father, always the diplomat, until he kills you when you least expect it anyway. There was a reason he was head of the council. Power comes with a price. Ruthlessness was the penance he paid.
Augustus looked at a servant who was standing by the door, and he immediately started pouring the drinks. I watched his movements and realized he was no servant at all. I wonder if Augustus always had his bodyguards fetch his drinks for him or if he called this one in because of us. The thought kind of made me feel special. 
The guard brought Lucian’s drink, and I gave him a once-over. He had brown hair with hazel eyes, or maybe they were green. It was hard to tell, but one thing was sure, whoever created him needed an award because it looked as though they may have found the perfect male specimen. He was tall, probably six-two, with a lean but powerful-looking body, an olive complexion, and the face of an angel. He caught me watching him and gave me a wink, and I gave him my first genuine smile since I got here. 
“It is an honor to have you here, Thief,” he said for my ears only. 
I nodded back to him. “Thief” indeed. 
“That is enough, Drake,” Augustus said to his bodyguard.
“Drake? Kinda cliché, isn’t it?” I asked him.
He smiled and shrugged. “My mother’s choice. What can you do?”
I nodded again, and he returned to his station at the door. Drake the Vamp. I’ll have to remember him. Judging by his movements and the control he showed over each one, he would be a force to reckon with, if I were to ever have to fight him. Then again, I could just steal his magic. That is how I got the nickname “Thief” in the first place. Perhaps nickname is the wrong word for it, though. Friends call you by a nickname, and none of my few friends called me Thief. It was more of a name my reputation earned me. I wasn’t sweating it, though. I’ve been called a lot worse names, and I guess Thief is a fitting one.
“Now, what can I do for you today?” Augustus asked as he relaxed back into his throne.
Lucian looked at me. I guess I was running the show today.
“Have there been any recent disappearances in the Vampere community? I’m primarily interested in the state of Texas.”
Augustus’s eyes narrowed at me. I had no doubt he already knew about the bodies we found and probably had his own copy of the files. I was also sure he was expecting me to ask him if he knew anything about it, but what would be the use? I was pretty sure he wasn’t going to tell me anything he did know. Vampere tended to handle their own messes. The thing that kept nagging me about these bodies was why were the killers getting rid of them. They had had them for over a year, and now, within a couple of weeks, they were dumping them all. If it was as the other agents thought and the killers were using the Vamps to gather info, then it was likely they would want to continue to collect that information. And if that was the case, it was probable more Vamps would be, or had been, captured.
I sat and tried to look innocently at Augustus as he debated on what to tell me. 
“It is rare that Vampere disappear. I would have to look into—”
“It’s rare that they disappear? Yet at least six were captured and killed over a year ago, and the council has no record of the disappearances or that they were even investigated at all.”
“The Vampere handle our own affairs. We do not need others in our matters.”
“Really? Let’s ask Mr. Ortega if he would have preferred to have our assistance when his boy was killed. Or, for that matter, let’s ask any of the sires whose children were stolen if they would have preferred to exhaust all possible avenues in an attempt to save their children. I thought this was a unified front.”
“And who would we be at battle with, Thief?”
Oh, we had resorted to name-calling, had we? “Anyone who would do harm to innocents. Those Vampere did not deserve to die like that. I have been working this case for two weeks and have continually dug into the lives of these victims without finding any wrongdoing on their part at all. Hell, they were typical blue-collared workers, ordinary people who were stolen and frozen to death. If more Vampere are being taken, we need to stop this before they suffer the same fate.”
He sighed. “I will give you what information I have, only if you are the agent to work this case. I will not have just anyone meddling in our business.”
I nodded. “I’m already on the case anyway. So, missing Vamps?”
“Yes, there have been three Vampere stolen from the Fort Worth area over the last two weeks.”
I sat back in my chair. So they have been replenishing their stock. “I’ll need all the information you have on these Vampere. Did you find anything useful in your investigation so far?”
He looked lost. “I didn’t think there was any correlation to your investigation until now. We had assumed they ran away from their sires. It happens, unfortunately.”
“So three Vamps go missing in a matter of two weeks, and you don’t investigate? I thought you said Vampere don’t often disappear.”
“They do not. In the event they are temporarily lost, they are later found.”
“Usually, you mean. Usually, they are found, but sometimes they are stolen and killed. I guess you could say the six Vamps who were temporarily lost a year ago are now found too.”
“Yes, I believe that could be said.”
Vamps. Mind games and the convolution of words are their forte. I stood up. “Well, thank you for your time, Augustus. If you get me the information I need, we’ll get out of your hair.”
His eyes narrowed again. I tried not to snicker.


Chapter Five
“Bat-shit crazy”


“You’ve got to let go of this irrational hatred of Vamps. It’s not healthy.”
I looked at Tristan as if he had lost his mind. “Since when do you give me advice on what’s healthy for me? Should we go into detail all of the things you do that aren’t healthy for you?”
“This isn’t about me, Mother.”
“No. I thought it was about telling you what I learned at Vamp headquarters, and somehow it got turned around to me and my irrational hatred of Vamps.”
“I’m just saying that it isn’t right to hate an entire race because of the actions of a few bad ones. What will you do if I become one?”
I tried counting to ten before answering, but it really didn’t seem to help. “I’m not really planning on you becoming a Vamp.”
“Then why did I sign that waiver. You told me it was giving my consent to be turned in the event I’m too far gone to give it at the time.”
“It is. But that is a last resort. Only if you’re injured on the job and there is no way to heal you. There are traditional medicines, not to mention healing potions, that would be able to save you in most cases.”
“And then what? I die an old man in my bed while you live on to find another kid to raise.”
My mouth was hanging open. I couldn’t believe he thought so little of me. The worst thing was how close to home he had hit. When he was a child, I often felt like I was betraying my children from my human life by finding a new child to love. The only thing was my other children were old with grandchildren of their own now. It was hard to outlive your children and Tristan knew this. 
“I’m sorry, Mother. I shouldn’t have said that. It wasn’t fair. I just want you to understand where I’m coming from.”
“So you want to become a Vampere?”
“Not now. But maybe in the future, before I’m too old. Unless Lucian can make some more of that super powerful, super-rare potion that was used on you.”
I shook my head. “It took all the magic stored in the council’s reservoir just to make one small vial.”
“That’s something I never got. Why was magic stored in there in the first place?”
I sighed. He was always full of questions. “Back in the old days, instead of killing a Fabled for his misdoings they would strip him of his magic and make him live out the rest of his days as a human. They needed somewhere to store the magic that was taken, so Lucian created the reservoir. The magic had sat in there dormant until he used it.”
“To make a serum that would turn a human immortal. All because he had a dream someone who would one day be important to him would need it. That was kinda crazy if you ask me. Why don’t they take the Fabled’s magic anymore? You would think they would prefer that over death.”
I just looked at him. “It wasn’t a dream but a premonition, and yes it was crazy. All that work just to turn a human inhuman. And they don’t take the magic anymore because every one of the Fabled, who were turned human went crazy. I’m talking bat-shit and not the I’m-just-going-to-rock-in-the-corner-and-talk-to-myself type. There was a lot of bloodshed because of it, so they stopped doing it.”
“Whoa. Okay, I guess that makes sense. I still don’t understand why Lucian went through all of that trouble.”
“Especially since converting the power in the reservoir into his spell about killed him.”
“Yeah, I think I’ll just stick with becoming a Vamp.”
“I guess that’ll be all right. You’re right. Not all Vamps are bad. It’s just the old, power hungry ones who play the mind games. You’ll be a peon for at least a few centuries, and when you start in with the manipulations, I’ll be there to slap you upside your head and knock some sense into you.”
“Uh, thanks. I think.”
“No problem. Now let’s see what we can find out about the missing Vamps so we can catch these killers.”
He nodded and we got to work looking into their lives. We had a starting point in that they all lived in Fort Worth. The previous Vamps were found in nearby Dallas and had been taken from the surrounding area. The distance between both cities is only about fifty minutes, so it was feasible the killers were still in Dallas and gathering their new vics from Fort Worth. Or perhaps the killers were from Fort Worth, to begin with. Whatever the situation, it was apparent they were collecting new Vamps, so we needed to find a connection between them to prevent more Vamps being captured. 
Tristan took on the task of finding out the vics’ last moments before their disappearances, while I tried to find a connection with their families and everyday routines. A victim can be picked up almost anywhere under any conditions. We didn’t know if the killers were physically abducting them off the streets or luring them in by either coercion or sympathy. And just because they were last seen at the office or a friend’s house didn’t mean they didn’t stop by their favorite coffee shop on the way home. Once we know where they frequented and whom they were usually with, it made it easier to assume where they may have been when they were taken. 
After several hours of digging, I found that Mr. Ortega was friends with one of the new victim’s sire. I called the older Vamps and arranged a meeting with them. It could be a total coincidence, or they could be the key to cracking the entire case.
“I found a similarity with two of the missing Vamps. They both frequented a club called Eternal Darkness. Then again, it is the most popular Fabled destination in the greater Fort Worth area, but I think it’s worth checking out.”
“Do you know if they were there the night they were taken?”
“A friend of one of our vics, Elena Carter, said she was supposed to meet Elena there that night. The other, Richard Dunlap, was known to go there on Friday nights and that was the night of the week he was supposed to have vanished.”
 I nodded. “When do you want to check this club out?”
“I’m ready now. The club opens in an hour or so. It’s likely the owner will be there by now.”
“I’m assuming the owner is a Vamp?”
“Yep.”
“Great. I can’t right now. I’m supposed to meet up with Mr. Ortega and his friend. We could go afterward.”
“I’ll go check out the club while you meet with the sires. It shouldn’t be too much trouble. We can reconvene in the morning to discuss what we found out.”
“Are you sure? My meeting shouldn’t take more than an hour or two. We could go after.”
“By then the club will be in full swing, and we’ll be less likely to get to talk to the bouncers and owner. You don’t think I can do this?”
“Of course, you can do it. I just thought it would be better if we split up. You could talk to the owner while I question security, but if you want to do it all by yourself, go for it.”
“We are splitting up. You’re exhausting one lead while I, another.”
I waved him off. “Yeah, yeah. Text me after you leave the club, so I know I don’t have to go pound any heads.”
“Yes, Mother.”
“That reminds me. You know the drill. No one knows about your relationship to me.”
I didn’t want someone trying to hurt him because of me. I have a reputation for being a hard-ass, and there are quite a few Fabled, who fear me. There are also quite a few with a score to settle.
“I know. You act like this is my first case.”
“It is your first case. Those lame-ass misdemeanors don’t count. You’re in the big leagues now. Better pull up your big-boy pants.”
“Ha-ha.” 
He turned around and left before I could say anything else.

I met the sires at Mr. Ortega’s house in Dallas. As you would expect of a six-hundred-year-old Vamp, his house was huge and screamed of understated wealth. He led me into a sitting room where a younger-looking dark-haired woman sat on the couch waiting for me.
“You must be Ms. Rivero. I’m so sorry for what has happened to your family, and the council is doing everything it can to find and return your child to you.”
“I do thank you for that, Thief. Already you have done more than our own leader in just meeting with me and hearing my plea for Elena’s return.”
I nodded to her while ignoring the name and took a seat in the chair facing the couch as Mr. Ortega sat next to Ms. Rivero. He put his arm around her shoulders and she leaned into him for support.
“I understand Elena frequented a club in Fort Worth named”—I looked at my notes—“Eternal Darkness. Are you familiar with it?”
“I have never been there myself, but many other Fabled have been. Elena was supposed to meet her friend Amanda there that night.”
“And that was two weeks ago, correct?”
She nodded. “Do you know anything else about this club? Do you think someone there might have hurt her?”
“I don’t know for sure. It is known to have some pretty unsavory people there, but the upper class is also known to frequent the club. I have heard the owner doesn’t allow mistreatment of the customers, but that doesn’t mean one didn’t follow her on her way home.”
“Yes, but you said she was supposed to meet someone but didn’t show. Perhaps someone found her outside the club. Is there anyone you know of that would possibly want to hurt her?”
Again she shook her head. “She was loved by everyone.”
“Did she have a boyfriend?”
“No. She didn’t like men.”
“All right. A girlfriend then?”
She shrugged. “There was someone she had met and was interested in, but we didn’t really have time to talk about her before Elena was taken.” Tears started down her face, and there was a slight pink tint to them. 
“I’m sorry to have upset you, Mrs. Rivero, but is there anything else you can tell me? Anything out of the ordinary at all. The slightest thing might have the biggest impact.”
She took the time to dry her tears before answering. “Other than this new love interest, nothing had changed recently.”
“You don’t know where she met this woman?”
“No. I wish I would have found out more, but I didn’t expect…”
She broke off on a sob so I looked at Mr. Ortega. “Does anything regarding Elena’s disappearance seem similar to Howard’s?”
He shook his head. “Not really. Other than the lack of anything, that is it. Howard was taken after work while Elena was stolen at night in another town. Howard and Elena didn’t even know each other. I didn’t meet Gina until six months ago.”
“I see. I know this will sound personal, but are you two involved? I only ask because I wonder if it might have something to do with why Elena was chosen.”
“No. We are only friends.”
“All right. I think that will be all for now.” I gave Ms. Rivero my card. “If you think of anything else, even something small, give me a call. Again, I am sorry you, and especially Elena, are being put through this.”
She took my card, then stood and threw her arms around me. I tried not to make skin-to-skin contact. The last thing she needed right now was to have some of her magic stolen. She looked barely able to stand up as it was. “Thank you. Knowing you are on the case means so much. I know you will help us.” She pulled back to look at me. “And I know you will make those bastards pay.”
I smiled at her. “Oh yes. Once I finish with them, there will be nothing left.”
“Make them suffer as I have suffered and like poor Oliver has suffered.” She turned back to look at Mr. Ortega before turning back to me. “You will make them suffer.”
I nodded. There were no words that would make her feel better. She wanted to know that whoever did this wouldn’t get away with it, and I gave my word I would take care of it. There was nothing else to say. In her mind, it was as good as done.
I had just pulled into my garage when a text came through. It was from Tristan: Club a dead-end. TTY in AM.
Well, even though he didn’t get any good information, at least he was safe.


Chapter Six
“Zero to headless in 6.5 seconds”


I woke at six the next morning and went for a jog. When I got back, I saw I had three missed calls. Before I could check to see who it was, my phone was ringing again. It was K. She was my only girlfriend, though we rarely spoke. I wasn’t really the type to hang out with on the weekends, and she knew that. Without the business keeping us together, there was no reason to speak regularly.
“Hey,” I answered.
“Sunny, thank God. I thought I was a goner for good.”
“Whatcha need, K?”
“Well, I’m kind of in a pickle and was really hoping you could help me out.”
“What kind of pickle are we talking?”
“Oh, definitely the sour kind. I’ve been kidnapped by Weres.”
“What? What do you mean kidnapped?”
“I’ve been abducted by the alpha of the local pack. Technically, he had his wolves take me, but you know what I mean.”
“Okay, so you need me to break you out of wherever he’s keeping you?”
“Um, not exactly. See, he set up a challenge. If I win the challenge, then I’m free to go.”
“All right. So what’s the challenge?”
“Fight his beta and kill him.”
“You’re so dead.”
She laughed. “I know I would be if I were the one actually fighting, but the alpha allowed me to pick a champion.”
“Ah. Now I understand. The alpha wants you to lose but doesn’t want you hurt. Let me guess. If your champion loses, you have to mate him.”
“Please, Sunny. I don’t really know anyone else who is a sure bet.”
“Did you dump him? Is that what this is about?”
“Actually, I broke it off with Victor over a month ago. It was the knowledge that I was engaged to someone else that put him over the edge.”
That didn’t surprise me. Well, the engaged part kind of did but not that a man was going to such extremes to win her. K was Light Elf, and they are notoriously promiscuous. K has left a line of scorned lovers behind her. 
“When is this challenge to take place?” I asked.
“How long until you can get here?”
I sighed. 

Canada, the Great White North. Instead of working on my murder investigation, I was meeting with the alpha of the Yukon Territory just outside of Whitehorse. He owned a huge cabin and a bunch of land around it that was all wooded. Wolves and their woods, that’s one thing the stories didn’t lie about. The question was, ‘What was K doing in Canada?’
Luckily, there was a portal in Whitehorse, and the alpha was kind enough to have a truck and a guide waiting to take me to him. The guide only showed a moment of surprise when I got out of my car. No doubt he was expecting some burly guy with piercings and tats. Well, I do have the piercings—in the usual places—and one tat—not going to tell where that one is at, only I was five-six with a lean build. I had my hair French-braided with the tip of the braid touching the waist of my jeans. I didn’t bother to dress fancy for this occasion. My typical T-shirt, jeans, leather jacket, and functional boots were my attire for the day, and if anyone didn’t like it, I could always kick their ass like I’m going to kick the beta’s. 
The ride to the cabin would take almost an hour, so I sat back and let my mind take me back. I really shouldn’t be doing this for K. After all, she was the one who actually made me immortal. Sure it was Roman who coerced her, and it was Lucian’s elixir, to begin with, but it was K who gave it to me all those years ago. I can still remember the taste even after all these years…
“Well, it took you long enough. I’ve been waiting all morning for you.”
“Sorry. Have you met the therapist next door? He is hot.”
“Oh, Dr. Alexander?”
“Yeah. Don’t you think it’s funny that he looks like he could be the older brother of the guy from the club last night and his name is Roman too?”
K shrugged. “I never thought about it before. I usually just call him doc.”
“Well, you call him that. I’ll just call him three shades of fine.”
“That’s kind of long don’t you think. Maybe you could shorten it to TSF.”
“How about Dr. Fine?”
“Now that just sounds funny.”
“At least it doesn’t sound like a venereal disease.”
“Maybe you should just stick with Roman. Come on. I want to celebrate our success.”
“I thought we did that last night.”
“Come on, Sam. We need an inaugural drink in our official office.”
“Okay, just nothing too strong. I’m still hungover from last night.”
“Lightweight.”
I laughed and had a seat at one of the chairs opposite her desk. She walked over to her side table and pulled out a bottle that looked older than I was and held an amber liquid. So much for it not being too strong. It looked like she was breaking out the good stuff. I looked around the office. It spoke of success. Everything was strategically placed to draw the eyes and make you feel like the person who owned it knew what they were doing and was very good at it. Whatever it was.
K brought our drinks over and motioned for me to stand up with her. Once standing she handed me my drink, then held hers out for a toast. 
“To us. May we be friends forever and succeed in all our endeavors.”
I clinked my glass against hers and noticed mine had a slightly pinker tint than hers was. I figured it was a trick of the light and drank the entire contents in one gulp just as K had done. I managed to sit the glass on the desk as my head instantly began to swim. I obviously missed because I heard the sound of breaking glass before I too fell. 
I don’t remember hitting the floor. As a matter of fact, I don’t remember much other than intense pain until I finally woke lying on K’s couch in the office. I do remember some voices. K’s and Roman’s. Her voice sounded worried while his sounded reassuring. I thought he was assuring her that I wasn’t seriously injured, but now I know he was assuring her the potion was working, and the extreme pain and convulsions were part of the changing process. When I, finally, could open my eyes, Roman was the first person I saw. He smiled at me soothingly. 
“Hello, Sunshine. Do you feel better?”
I tried to nod, but my head felt like it might explode. 
“Try not to move too quickly. Karen tells me you hit your head when you passed out.”
“I’m so sorry, Sam. I didn’t know you would get hurt. I just wanted us to celebrate,” K still sounded worried.
“S’kay,” I managed to get out.
“When you feel up to it, I will take you back to your hotel room. You need to rest, but I would prefer to keep an eye on you. You had quite a nasty bump.”
I reached up to my head, but Roman took my hand. “Don’t worry. We put some ice on it, and the swelling has gone down now.”
“How…how long…”
“How long were you out?”
I nodded barely.
“Oh about ten minutes or so.”
And the swelling had already gone down?
“Do you feel able to stand? I will take you to the hotel so you can lie down.”
I slowly managed to sit up. K was hovering nearby looking nervous. I tried to give her a reassuring smile. 
“It’s all right, K. I’m feeling better now.”
“Oh, thank God. I was so worried,” she said as she started to descend, but Roman intervened.
“It’s all right, Karen. I’ll take her back to her place and stay with her.” 
He turned back to me and held out his hand. I took it and slowly rose. 
He gave me a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, Sunshine. You’ll be safe with me.”
If only I had known then that he was the reason for my condition. The elixir he made K give me, changed me that day. It’s weird when I think back to the days afterward. I felt better than I had in years, but I contributed that to my new lover, the therapist. Having someone tell you you’re beautiful does something to your self-esteem and can make an older woman feel young. Or at least, that’s how I convinced myself that nothing had changed. Besides, who would complain because they feel younger? I still looked the same when I checked my appearance in a mirror. It was later explained by Lucian that Fabled can look any age, and because I believed I was forty-five I looked forty-five. It wasn’t until almost five years after I was given that elixir when I about cut my finger off on a piece of broken glass and healed practically instantly that K finally broke down and told me the truth about myself. To say I was pissed that my entire life had been changed without my permission was an understatement. I broke off my engagement to Roman and ended my partnership with K. Both had betrayed me. 
I later forgave K. She had explained that she owed Roman big time for some previous debt, and when he met me that night in the club, he had decided to call in. She didn’t even know what the elixir was, but she knew Roman was taken with me, so she was pretty sure it wouldn’t kill me. After apologizing a billion times over the course of a decade, I figured I would forgive her. I couldn’t honestly say I wouldn’t have done the same thing in a similar situation. But what Roman did was unforgivable. My father later told me, when I met him for the first time, that before giving Roman the elixir, he had warned Roman to make sure the human he gave it to consented. It was my choice, and he took it from me. Because of him, I had to watch my children grow old while I stayed the same. Lucian eventually convinced me to fake my death and move on, and it was my career as an agent of the Council and later my relationship with Tristan that would give my life meaning again. But after everything I had to go through, I didn’t know if I had it in me to forgive Roman Alexander. There was just too much pain caused by him. Too much regret. Too much heartbreak.
I snapped out of my reverie when we finally reached the cabin, and I didn’t waste any time jumping down from the truck and heading inside. It was butt-ass cold outside, and I wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible, so I could get back to Texas and catch my killer. 
I was led to a large room with a huge circle drawn in the middle of the floor and nothing else. K ran toward me as I entered the door but was stopped short by a couple of burly Weres. 
“Check her for weapons,” the largest man in the room said. 
He was obviously the alpha. I could tell not just because of his size, but because of the sheer authority he exuded throughout the room. Without question one of the Weres came forward. I held my arms out to the sides and allowed him to frisk me. 
“I did not expect the Elf’s champion to be so attractive. Perhaps I can convince my alpha to keep you when you lose,” the wolf said in my ear as he patted my backside. 
“That won’t be happening. If you’re finished, I would appreciate you removing your hands from my ass cheeks,” I said aloud.
There was a round of laughter through the wolves. I’m sure they would have fist-bumped their brother if it wouldn’t have upset the alpha. There had to be at least thirty or more wolves in the large room lining the walls. The Were moved away, and the alpha came closer to inspect me. After a moment, he turned to look at K.
“This girl is your champion? I thought you wanted to be released.”
There was more snickering among the wolves.
“She’s going to kick your wolf’s ass; then I’ll be released,” K shot back.
He looked back at me with one brow raised. I smiled at him. 
“Perhaps introductions are in order.” I held out my hand to shake his. He hesitated for a moment before taking it. My smile widened just slightly.
“I am Victor Romansky, alpha of the Yukon Territory pack and you, little pet?”
“Sunny Dubois.”
He dropped my hand instantly. Smart alpha. Every conversation died as soon as my name was spoken. Only whispers remained. “Thief, the Thief. It’s the Thief.” The silence drew on for a fraction of a minute until at once all the wolves broke into speech. Mostly, bets were being made. Some who had obviously already placed their bets were trying to change them while others wanted to place new ones. Apparently, my odds had just gone up. During the commotion, the wolves barring K got distracted, and she used the opportunity to come to my side. I had used the brief contact with the alpha to take some of his magic, not much, just enough to last me a few seconds, but I don’t plan on this fight lasting very long. So if I played my cards right, a few seconds would be more than enough, especially if I have some Elf magic added in. 
K practically knocked me over when she reached me. Her hug was fierce for such a small person. 
“Oh, Sunny, I’m so glad you’re here. I mean, I knew you would come, but I worried you wouldn’t. I should have known you would never abandon me. You’re the best friend ever.”
“Calm down, woman. You’re killing me here.”
She finally released me. “I’m sorry. I’m just really glad you came.”
“Of course, I came. You think I have friends coming out of the woodwork?” I leaned in close. “It’s not easy being the thief you know.”
I thought she might cry. “I’m so sorry. You know I mean that, don’t you? I never meant to make you this way.”
I waved off her apology. “You didn’t make me anything. My father’s potion did. Besides, life’s not too bad. You will give me your hand, though, won’t you?”
I held out my hand to hers. Even though she had hugged me, her clothes and mine had kept me from forming a connection. I had to have skin-to-skin contact to take another’s magic, and judging by the size of the men in this room, I would need it for my upcoming fight.
She looked at my hand for a moment before looking me in the eyes and putting her hand in mine. I smiled, and she returned it. Trust was what it came down to and by allowing me to take some of her magic, she was trusting me to only take what I needed and not enough to harm her. 
After a moment I gave her hand a squeeze before releasing it. I didn’t take very much. Elves really only had one ability other than being able to make potions and spells. But those things took preparation while this ability came second nature to them. It was the capacity to pull their magic around them making them invisible to the naked eye. Of course, some counterspells would allow the spellcaster to see the Elf through their magic, but I guessed these wolves didn’t have those spells, and even if they did, wolves aren’t good magic users. Their ability lies in brute force, and since I now had some of the magic from the strongest wolf in this room, I was hoping to end this beta before he managed to get a hold on me. I was only five-six and a buck twenty while the smallest wolf here looked to be six-four and a good two-hundred-fifty pounds. All one would have to do is fall on me, and he could suffocate me to death. 
The alpha stepped to the center of the ring and all the wolves quieted. “The contest will be to the death. My champion will be Christoph Nomak, beta of the Yukon Territory pack.”
Victor pointed to a Were almost as big as he was, and the beta stepped forward. As he walked, his features slowly changed from that of a huge man to what can only be described as a wolf-man. His nose and mouth elongated until it was the shape of a muzzle, while long, sharp teeth replaced regular human ones. Long hair grew around his face and head, and his ears moved up and became pointed. His hands grew long, two-inch claws that were curved on the ends to help dig into flesh. All in all, he was one scary-looking mofo, but I wasn’t worried. The only thing that might really help him is the wolf nose. Like most dogs’ it’s supersensitive, so even with the Elf magic, he might be able to sense where I was. My hope was that using the reserve of Vamp magic I have stored up would help me move fast enough to gain the upper hand.
“The challenger will be the Thief, Sunny Dubois. The prize will be Karen Delaney, Elf of the Light Forest. Do you agree to this challenge, Thief?”
I narrowed my eyes. He thought to demean me by using that nickname. What he didn’t know was that I really didn’t care what he called me. “I do. I would also call for a counter.”
“A counter?” He laughed. “You mean you hope to win?”
“Indeed I do. My counter is this, if I beat your wolf in under a minute, you will owe me a favor.”
“What favor?”
“Whatever favor I choose. Whenever I choose it.”
It was his turn to narrow his eyes. No one in power liked to owe someone, but it was within my right as K’s champion to request the counter.
“I will agree as long as the request does not cause direct harm to my pack.”
“I will not request the harm of your pack only, perhaps, the use of your warriors and yourself one day.”
“Very well. The counter has been accepted. You must win within a minute, and this is the strongest warrior I have.” 
He glanced at his beta, and the look they shared spoke volumes. The alpha would win either way this contest turned out. It was obvious there was no love lost between the alpha and his beta, so if I killed him, it was likely that I would be doing the alpha a favor. Suddenly I wondered if this contest was as much about him winning K as him getting rid of a rival for his position. Ooh, this was a clever alpha. I wouldn’t mind helping him out with his beta problem since I would be getting something in return. Having a wolf pack in your back pocket wouldn’t be a bad thing at all. 
The alpha turned back to me and pointed to the half-wolf/half-man standing opposite me. “My champion has chosen his weapon. What is yours, Thief?” He pointed to the walls where various weapons hung. “You can choose only one so choose wisely.”
I smiled at him. This wasn’t my first rodeo, as the saying goes. “I choose magic.”
Had I chosen one of the weapons on the wall, I would have been prohibited from using any magic at all. Like he said, you can only choose one weapon and magic definitely qualified. 
The alpha smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “The Thief chooses magic.” He walked out of the ring to stand just outside of it. “Let the contest begin.” 
A gong rang out from somewhere, and the beta lunged forward. At the same time, I used K’s magic and became invisible while moving at Vamp-speed. When I passed him, I quickly turned and kicked the back side of his knee. As he started to fall, I placed my knee in between his shoulder blades and grabbed his head with both hands. Calling on the alpha’s magic, I pulled as hard as I could while pushing with my knee. His head came free as his body hit the floor. I dropped the concealment, and with my knee still on his back, I held out the head of my opponent and faced the alpha. Slowly I rose, walked to him, and placed the head at his feet before backing away again.
“That was but six seconds by my counting, alpha,” I told him. 
K came to stand beside me. “Really? I had ten on my watch, but then again, I did have to pick my jaw up off the floor before I could check it, so six is probably right.”
You could hear a pin drop. I’m sure they were all expecting some long, drawn out, bloody fight, but I wasn’t here to give them a show. I was here to kill a wolf and take my friend home. 
I waited for the alpha to acknowledge my victory, but he just stood there motionless. “I will take my prize now if it suits the alpha.”
He seemed to snap out of his daze. “Yes, you are the clear victor here. I grant you safe passage from my territory.”
His eyes met mine for a second before he turned away, and I realized what had stunned him. It was fear. Don’t get me wrong. He was a wolf and, therefore, would show no fear in front of his pack. To do so would be his death. But he couldn’t hide that look in his eyes before he turned them. He saw how quickly I had decimated his closest rival and realized I could do the same to him and perhaps his entire pack. It wasn’t often that a being as strong as an alpha of one of the largest wolf packs in the world met someone strong enough to wipe him off the planet in a matter of seconds. Of course, I had used my reserves of magic and didn’t have any more tricks up my sleeves, but he didn’t know that. Best to get out while I still could.
I nodded to the alpha but wanted him to also acknowledge my counter. “I will leave but will call on you when needed.”
He nodded, and that was good enough for me. We were in K’s car heading for the border—or portal in this case—faster than you could say dead dog.


Chapter Seven
“Love at the Star Wars convention”


“Oh my God, Sunny. That was the most awesome thing I have ever seen. And I grew up watching the Dark Elves cut each other to shreds to earn the right to screw a Light Elf.”
“Um, TMI. I really don’t care about Elf mating ceremonies.”
“Are you kidding? That was just a Friday night.”
I rolled my eyes. My cell started ringing, and I didn’t have to even look at it to know who it was. “Hey, Tristan, I’m running late this morning. I’ll be there in about an hour.”
“This morning? You do realize it’s three in the afternoon.”
I looked at my watch. Damn, it had taken me longer than I thought it would to get to the cabin and take care of that wolf. And I still have another hour back to the portal. Actually, judging by the way K was driving we’ll probably make it in thirty. 
“I’ll be there within an hour, and you can give me a rundown of what you learned.”
“Well, it wasn’t much. All right, I’ll see you in an hour. Is everything all right?”
“Yep. I just had to meet with K, and I lost track of time.”
“Hi, Tristan,” K screamed into the phone. 
“Uh, tell her hey back. And you just had to meet with her this morning in the middle of an investigation?”
“I’ll tell you about it later. See you in about an hour.”
He sighed. “Fine. Bye.”
I hung up. Well, he certainly sounded crabby. 
“Our little boy’s all grown up, isn’t he? Back talking, snarky, and all. Got to love kids.”
“You never liked kids, and you know it.”
“I liked him. He was always telling me how beautiful I was. That really boosts a woman’s self-esteem.”
“He was five, and you were the only other woman he knew other than his ancient-looking kindergarten teacher.”
“Thanks, Sunny. You really know how to pop someone’s bubble, don’t you.”
“It’s called reality, K. I hope you enjoyed the tour.”
She stuck her tongue out at me, and I rolled my eyes. She would never grow up. Maybe that’s why she’s never really liked kids. Because she is one and doesn’t like to share.
We rode at break-neck speed while I enjoyed the scenery passing by. Finally, I broke the silence. “So you never did tell me who this guy is you’re marrying.”
She smiled at me. “It just so happens he’s going to meet us at the portal.”
“Really. What’s his name?”
“Marcus.”
“And where did you meet Marcus?”
She bit her lip. “Don’t laugh.” 
I held up my fingers in the Scout’s honor pledge.
“I’m pretty sure you were never a Boy Scout. But anyway, I met him at a convention.”
“A convention. What kind of convention?”
“Um, a…uh…a Star Wars convention.”
I had to work hard for several moments to school my face into a composed “Oh, that’s nice” smile. “So, um, you’re both big Star Wars fans?”
I was so proud of myself. I actually said that without laughing. Don’t get me wrong. I’m a total Star Wars geek myself, but I’ve never picked up a guy at one of the conventions. Actually, I’ve never gone to one of the conventions, but that’s just because I have no life and don’t like crowds, or people really. 
“You just had to laugh at me. Well, excuse me for meeting someone with shared interests.”
“I’m not laughing. I never laughed. I’ll have you know I worked very hard at not laughing.”
She shot me a deadpanned look. 
“That’s great, K. I’m glad you met someone. Are you sure you want to marry him, though? I mean, you have never wanted to settle down before.”
“This is different. He’s different.”
I nodded. She didn’t need my negativity. Either it would work out or it wouldn’t.
“I want you to be my maid of honor.”
“Me?”
“You are my best friend.”
“I am?”
She rolled her eyes. “Yes, Sunny.”
“But I thought you had tons of friends.”
“No, I have tons of acquaintances. I only have a few friends, and you are the one I value most.”
“Is this because you feel guilty?”
She looked at me for a moment shocked. “No, this isn’t about guilt! You think the only reason I could value our friendship is because of guilt? Do you want to be my maid of honor or not?”
“No, yes, I…No, I don’t think you only like me because you feel guilty, and yes, I’ll be your stinking maid of honor.”
Her smile practically split her face. “Great. I knew you would. And look, we’re here.”
There was a slick black Lexus parked next to my car. As we stopped, the door opened, and a man stepped out. He was of average height with ginger hair and the freckles to match. We got out of the car, and K ran to him. They embraced for several seconds while I tried to make myself invisible. Too bad I didn’t have any more Elf magic. She finally released him, and he turned to me and smiled. That was when I realized I knew him. Or at least, I used to. He was the only friend of Roman’s I ever met during our time together. Now this is just plain weird. 
I looked at him, then at K, then back to him. How did she not know him before now? I’m not sure how long she had known Roman before I met him, but it was apparent it had been some time. And she had never met Marcus?
“Hello, Marcus.” I held out my hand for him. He looked at it with a smile before taking it and shaking it. I only took a little of the Vamps magic, just enough to replenish what I used fighting the wolf. 
“Sunny, you look well. I see the years have been good to you.”
“Oh, you two know each other?” K asked.
“I met him when I was with Roman.”
“Oh.”
“You didn’t know he was friends with Roman?”
“Yeah, but I didn’t know the two of you had met.”
“I guess it’s a small world.”
Marcus laughed. “Indeed it is.” He turned to K. “Did you tell her about the wedding?”
She mock-slapped his arm. “Yes, silly. Sunny’s going to be my maid of honor.”
He looked vaguely surprised. “Really?” He looked at me and tried for a smile. “That’s great.”
“Yeah, but I don’t actually know when this shindig is supposed to take place.”
“Oh, it’s two weeks from tomorrow. We’re mailing out invitations this week. Do you think Tristan will be able to make it?”
“I’m sure he’ll make the time. Talking about him and time, I’ve got to go. It was good to see you again, Marcus. K, take care of yourself and try not to get kidnapped again.” I gave her a brief hug making sure to have skin-to-skin contact for a second. You never know when invisibility will come in handy. 
“Kidnapped?”
Marcus obviously didn’t know about the predicament she had been in. It didn’t surprise me that she didn’t call him in to act as her champion. He was more of the type of guy you’d call in if you needed a computer hacked instead of a wolf killed. I took his shock as my cue to get the heck out of dodge. 
“See ya.” I did a little wave and beat feet. K shot me a nasty look as I got in my car and drove through the portal. 
As I came out on the other side, a thought hit me. Surely when Marcus told K of his friendship with Roman, she told him how Roman hated her. And just as surely, K refused to allow him to the wedding. Right? She wouldn’t ask me to be in her wedding knowing Roman would be there too. Knowing my intense hatred for that man. Right? Right. K was my friend, and friends take their friends’ feelings into consideration. However, K was a little self-serving. I had better ask her before the wedding. I’m sure we’ll have to meet up to shop for bridesmaid dresses or something. I’ll just make sure he’s not going to be there, so I don’t have to see him. That wouldn’t be good at all.
I made it back to the council’s Texas office in just under an hour. It was good that the council had offices in every state. Although portals make moving around relatively quick, it’s easier to stay on top of a case if you’re close to where the crimes are being committed. 
As I walked into the office Tristan and I were sharing, he was sitting in front of the computer with his face practically touching the screen studying a map.
“You’re going to go blind sitting that close to the screen.”
He turned and looked at me, blinking a few times to get me into focus. “I was trying to find a pattern between the routes the missing Vamps took regularly.”
“Did you find any similarities?” I took off my jacket and sat at the other desk in the room. 
“Not really. The only thing in common is that club.”
“The one you got nothing from?”
“Yeah. That’s the one. Tell me why you were with K.”
I thought about telling him about the Were challenge but decided it wasn’t worth him worrying over. “She’s getting married in two weeks and wants me to be her maid of honor. She wanted me to meet her future husband.”
“And you went in the middle of an investigation?”
“She made it sound like life or death. She knew I would come that way. You’ll be getting an invite soon.”
“Great. I love weddings.”
I rolled my eyes. He liked all the available women at weddings. And the free booze. “Anyway, tell me about the club.”
He rolled his eyes. “Like I said, nothing.”
“You got nothing because there was nothing or because no one wanted to tell you anything.”
“Um, the later.”
“The club owner?”
He shook his head. 
“The head of security?”
Another shake.
“The bouncers?”
He shrugged. “One seemed friendly enough at the beginning, but once the owner stonewalled me none of the others would talk.”
“Did the one you talked to seem to know anything?”
“He said he remembered Elena but didn’t remember if she came in the night she disappeared and didn’t remember seeing her with anyone.”
“How big is this club?”
He shrugged again. “I don’t know. Pretty big, I guess. There was a line waiting for it to open by the time I left.”
“A club like that would have surveillance. Did you ask for the tapes?”
He looked at me like I was stupid for asking.
“So let me get this right. You show up, tell them you’re with the council and investigating some disappearances, and they, what, tell you to get lost?”
“Not in so many words, but yeah.”
I narrowed my eyes. “Well, Son, I guess we’ll just have to try again. You know what they say about perseverance. If that doesn’t work, I could always throw the owner around until he decides to see things our way.”
He smiled. “I don’t know. I didn’t meet the owner but the chief of security. There’s something about her. I’m not sure what she is, but whatever it is, she’s powerful.”
I smiled back. “Good. I haven’t had any real power in a while, and I’m hungry.” I stood and grabbed my jacket. “They don’t call me the Thief for nothing.”
I started for the door. “What was the owner’s name?” If he was a well-known criminal, it would help me know how to handle him.
Tristan looked at his notes. “Some guy named Alexander, Roman Alexander.”
I stopped with my hand on the doorknob. I knew it. Between the dreams, the walk down memory lane on the way to deal with K, and then running into Marcus, I knew it was just a matter of time before the inevitable happened. Fuck. I really didn’t want to see him again. In fact, I would have given almost anything to never have to see that man again.
“Is something wrong?”
“What? Oh, I was just thinking. I haven’t heard that name in a while.”
“You know him?”
“I used to. A long time ago.” I smiled at him. “Come on. Let’s go get reacquainted.”
He nodded, and I opened the door—and found Lucian standing on the other side. Why didn’t it surprise me that he would want to talk to me before I went to see Roman again?
“Father. What an unexpected surprise. We were just about to leave, so if you’d like, I could come by your house tomorrow.”
He smiled at me. “Now would suit me, Daughter. I’m sure my grandson could wait in the car for a few minutes.” He looked at Tristan.
“Uh, sure. I’ll meet you outside, Mom. It was good to see you, Grandfather.”
“As it was a pleasure to see you, Son. I will meet with you on Tuesday for training, yes?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Very good.” Lucian nodded toward the door, and Tristan didn’t waste any time getting through it. 
My father turned to me and smiled. I walked back to my temporary desk and leaned against the front of it with my arms crossed.
“Why do you act as though I am going to reprimand you?” he asked.
“That’s not it. It’s because of where I’m about to go and who I’m about to see that I’m in an ill mood. The fact that you’re about to give me some advice I don’t really want is only adding to it.”
His smile grew broader. “And here I thought I was the one with premonitions.”
I tried for a smile but couldn’t manage it. He walked to the only window in the room and looked out at the twilight. 
“Do you believe in destiny, Daughter?”
I thought about it before answering. “To an extent. I believe people are given limitations, but it’s their choice what they do within those restrictions.”
He nodded thoughtfully. “So you believe if a human is born short, he could never become a pro basketball player.”
“Not exactly. I think if he was born short with a will of iron, he could become whatever he set his mind to. I’m saying fate would have him born short without the want to play basketball if that was not his destiny.”
“Ah, so you believe fate dictates what you do and do not want.”
“To an extent. I believe there are exceptions. Look at me, for example.”
He turned back toward me. “Yes, look at you. Do you believe I defied fate to have you or it was because fate gave me the ability to create you that I did?”
“You’re asking if I believe I was fated to become what I am. I would have to honestly say I don’t know. I don’t think anyone is supposed to have the ability I do. It defies the laws of magic. Even among the Fabled, there are no exceptions, yet here I am. I belong nowhere. I am unlike any other. Because of this, I am feared, hated. Is it a good thing that you made me?”
“I believe so. Tristan as well.”
“Yes, but who knows how his life could have turned out. It was likely he would be bounced around foster homes, but I don’t think so. He was too special—beautiful both outside and in. I believe someone else would have seen that too.”
“So you think if you were not there to save him, someone else would have. You don’t really believe that do you?”
“Maybe the super would have found him when he sobered up. Or another guest. Maybe he would have let himself out eventually. I don’t really know why we are having a conversation on what could have been. What is done is done, and there is nothing anyone can do to change it.”
Lucian smiled. “Exactly. Please don’t hurt the Vampere too badly. I believe he has suffered enough.”
With that, he came to me and kissed my forehead before leaving the room. Riddles and verbal manipulation. That was my father. It shouldn’t surprise me he would take Roman’s side. After all, he had wanted Roman to change me, and he was the one who gave him the elixir that would do just that.


Chapter Eight
“Mixing business with pleasure”


Eternal Darkness looked like any other club you’d see in any other city. It didn’t seem particularly dark and dreary like some of the more Goth or BDSM clubs. You would think that with a name like Eternal Darkness, all the décor would be black with burgundy trim and heavy fabrics like velvet. But from the outside, it just looked like a redbrick building with a large neon sign saying nothing more that the club name. If I didn’t know ahead of time that it was the club I was looking for, I could have passed it a hundred times and not given it a second look. The line outside the doors did kind of make it stand out, though. 
“You stand in line. When you get to the entrance, pay to get in like any clubby then come and find me.”
Tristan’s eyes widened. “What? You’re going in alone?”
“You think you’re the only one capable of handling yourself? I’m going incognito, and I can’t exactly take you with me. You standing in line and paying to get in doesn’t give us away right off the bat.”
“What if he won’t talk to us again?”
I smiled. “Oh, he’ll talk to me. One way or another.”
He rolled his eyes. “Fine, but I don’t like it.”
“You don’t have to like it. And under no circumstance do you let it be known that you and I are related. Got me?”
“Yeah, yeah I know the drill.”
“Good. See you on the inside.”
I got out of the car and started toward the entrance. When I got close to the bouncer, I used the magic I had stolen from K to conceal myself from sight then used Marcus’s Vamp magic to quickly make my way inside. There was a spell on the entryway to prevent Fabled from doing exactly what I was, but I absorbed the magic from it and continued into the club. It was as nonchalant inside as out. Minimalism would be the designer’s style of choice. The interior walls were brick like the outside with what looked like two large, wooden bars big enough to have several bartenders behind at once. One was toward the back and one in the front corner. Convenient for getting your booze right after entering, then later when you’re dancing and thirsty again another bar is there ready and waiting to make your next drink. 
The club was already in full swing even though it was still early. I scanned the crowd quickly but didn’t really expect to find Roman in it. He would probably be in his office—wherever that is—or the VIP section—if there is one. I looked at the layout of the club again and saw a set of stairs leading up to a second floor. That would be where his office is. Then I saw a roped-off section toward the back of the club. There was my VIP. I decided to scan it first, so I quickly maneuvered through the crowd. Which was easier said than done.
He was sitting at the booth closest to a closed-off walkway that led to the stairs and, presumably, his office. Another Vamp was sitting opposite him, so I easily sneaked past the bouncer guarding VIP and slid into the booth next to the Vamp while releasing the magic. 
“Hello, Roman.”
He was looking down at his cell phone and slowly raised his head to look at me. “Sunshine.”
He has always called me that. Mostly because he didn’t like my real name.
“Where the fuck did you come from?” the Vamp beside me said. 
I looked over at him and smiled, then turned back to Roman. He seemed like the Roman I first met in the bar all those years ago. Gone was the forty-something who wore slacks and dress shirts. He now looked to be in his twenties and wore dark jeans, a T-shirt with a rock band on it I had never heard of, a black leather jacket, and boots made for stomping heads.
“You’ve come a long way from psychology. Or are you still practicing?” I glanced again at the Vamp. 
“And look at you. You’re not exactly a book publisher anymore.”
I smiled again. 
“Look, sweetheart, I don’t know who you think you are, but we were trying to conduct some business here, so why don’t you wait until afterward to sell your wares, if you know what I mean.”
“No, I don’t believe I do know what you mean.” I tried to give him a look warning him not to explain, but he didn’t appeared to be the brightest bulb in the box.
“You want me to get rid of her, boss?”
I turned to see who had spoken and saw a young woman standing next to the booth. Judging by her attire she was a part of the security team, and judging by her species she would most definitely be the head of security. I looked back at Roman.
“A Djinn. Roman, I’m impressed.” I reached forward to pat his arm that was resting on the table, but he quickly pulled it into his lap. I refused to allow that rebuke faze me. I looked back at the young Djinn woman. “I’ve got to wonder what a Djinn would be doing in such a place, acting as chief of security. Whatever could he have that would be so appealing to you?”
She almost blushed before schooling her features, and I knew exactly why she was there. 
“I know why I’m here. The question is what you are doing here?” she replied with a sneer.
“I’m sorry. How rude of me.” I held out my hand to her, and she reached out to take it.
“Sunny Dubois,” Roman said before she made contact.
She instantly pulled her hand back. I heard a thump behind me, turned back, and found the Vamp, who had been seated next to me, picking himself up off the floor. Apparently, he had fallen in his haste to get away. I laughed. 
Roman ignored the other Vamp. “I’ll handle her, Carly,” he said to the Djinn before turning back to me. “What are you doing here, Sunshine?”
I caught Carly’s attention before she left. “Don’t go far. My partner will be questioning you, and I expect you to be more cooperative this time.”
She narrowed her eyes at me, and I raised a brow. If she wanted to tussle, I was up for it. There is a lot I could do with some Djinn magic. Instead of trying anything, she turned and left. 
Roman looked irritated. “You didn’t answer my question.”
“I’ve found six dead Vamps over the last three weeks, and three more have disappeared within the last two. Do you know the one thing the missing Vamps have in common?”
“I’m sure it has something to do with someone I know or else you wouldn’t be here.”
“You’re damned straight. They all either frequented this club or were last seen here. Do you know anything about this?”
He shook his head. “No, but I am interested to know why. If someone is killing my patrons, it is my responsibility to find out who it is and stop them.”
“Wrong. That would be my job.”
He smiled instead of arguing. “Perhaps we should continue this conversation in my office. There could be someone listening.”
I looked around to see the VIP section practically deserted, but it wasn’t worth arguing about. “Whatever makes you more comfortable.”
He slid out of the booth and motioned for me to precede him. As I stood, I saw Tristan enter VIP by flashing his badge to the bouncer and pointing in my direction. The bouncer looked at Roman and me, then opened the rope for Tristan. 
“Seems everyone’s in as good a mood as they were last night.” He looked from me to Roman then back.
“Tristan, this is Roman Alexander, the club owner. Roman, Tristan Harris, my partner.” Harris was Tristan’s surname when I found him, and I intentionally kept all of his legal documents with that name so no one knew of our relation. “Tristan, I’ve already met the head of security, and she’s waiting for you to question her.” 
“All right.” Tristan gave Roman the once over, and his face said he found him lacking. He turned back to me. “Are you going to be okay?”
Did he know about my and Roman’s past, or was he just reading the animosity between us? I wouldn’t put it past Lucian to have told him. 
“I’ll be fine. Don’t take any crap from her. This is about missing people, not a pissing contest.” I shot Roman a look and saw he was watching the exchange between Tristan and me closely. He finally met my eyes and realized what I was getting at.
“You’ll have no problems from Carly. She has been advised to fully cooperate with you.”
“It’s about damned time.” He looked at me again before leaving to find the Djinn.
“You and your partner seem close.”
“We are.” Our relationship was none of his business.
“How long has he been your partner?”
“About six months or so. You were going to tell me what you know about this case?”
“I believe I said we would discuss the details of your investigation.”
“You say tomato; I say you’re going to tell me everything you know.”
“I think that’s quite a difference, but after you.”
Again he motioned me toward the stairs. I led the way up and found they ended at a door. Roman pulled out a set of keys and slid past me to unlock it.
“What, no laser eye scan?”
“I prefer more traditional methods.”
“I’m sure you do.”
He raised a brow as he opened the door and motioned me inside. I walked into the room and found it was set up as more of a sitting room than a standard business office. There was a desk at one end of the room with a couple of chairs in front of it, but the majority of the room was filled with a couple of couches facing each other; a large ottoman took up the space between them with tables on each end. There was even a fireplace along one wall. Apparently, he liked to mix business with pleasure. This was probably where he brought his nightly conquest to feed on and fuck; not my business. I would find out what information he could give me; then I would take my leave. I did decide to stand instead of sit, though. Who knows what was on those couches.
“Would you like something to drink?” He walked over to a small bar in the corner.
“No thanks.”
“Don’t trust me?”
“Should I?”
“Probably not.”
“That’s what I thought.”
He came over and handed me a drink. “But I assure you I’m finished adding things to your drinks.”
“Technically it was K that added it at your request.”
He smiled. “I’m the only one here now.”
He took a step closer. I stepped back and took a sip of my drink. He sat on one of the couches and patted the seat next to him. 
“Have a seat, Sunshine. We’ll discuss this nasty business that brought you back into my life.”
“I’ll just stand, thanks. Why don’t you tell me what you know about the disappearances, and don’t try to convince me that you know nothing? Augustus and I already played that game. It ended with neither of us happy.”
“Games with Augustus seldom do.”
It didn’t surprise me that they weren’t BFF’s. They both liked to be in charge too much. I just stood there looking at him to let him know I wasn’t going to ask again about what he knew. He would either tell me or I would leave and try to force it out of someone else. I knew Roman too well to think I could force anything out of him that he didn’t want me to know. He sat there looking back at me for a minute before patting the couch again.
“Come. Sit and I will tell you all that I know regarding these missing Vampere.”
I raised a brow but walked around and had a seat on the couch facing the one he was sitting on. I wasn’t stupid after all, and there was always a pull toward Roman that he played to his benefit perfectly. I certainly didn’t want to fall into that pit again. 
Once I was seated, he huffed out air and again just looked at me. “Do you love him?”
I didn’t bother to ask who he was talking about. There was only one man he could be referring to. So he had guessed Tristan was my lover. I was sure the thought that he was my son never crossed his mind. I could set him straight on the issue, but it seemed it might play more to my advantage if he continued believing I was taken. Maybe then I could get through this investigation without having my heart mutilated. 
“Yes, I love him.” He would be able to tell that I wasn’t lying, so I left it at that.
He nodded slowly. “I see.” He was silent for a couple of seconds before he seemed to shake his thoughts off. “I’m happy for you then. Now, on to this business of missing Vampere. I don’t really know what information I have that might help you. Of course, I heard about them right after their confirmed disappearance. I also looked into it and found that each of them had been at the club before going missing. In two of the incidences, it was determined that the club was the last place they were seen. I have hired extra security to canvass the exterior of the club and a two-block radius around it. No one has noted anything unusual, though.”
“Did you hire the detail after”—I looked at my notes on my phone—“Craig Henderson disappeared five days ago?”
“Yes, I believe no one else has gone missing since. I don’t know if that is because of my added security or because of other factors.”
“You haven’t heard anything through your other connections about who could be doing this?”
“My other connections?”
“You know, your ‘business partners.’”
He was aware that I was referring to the Vamp he was speaking to when I got here. 
“I have not heard anything from them either. It is likely that whoever is doing this has picked my establishment simply because it is a popular hangout for our species.”
“Possibly. Or it’s also possible that you’ve pissed off the wrong person, and they’re picking off your customers because of it.”
He laughed. “I don’t believe that is the case.”
I rolled my eyes. “Either way, the council would like to know any information you might learn in regards to these disappearances as soon as you hear it.” I pulled a picture of the Caduceus symbol out of my back pocket and showed it to him. “Does this symbol mean anything to you?” I could tell by his expression that it didn’t.
He shook his head. “No, should it?”
“A kidnapper had it on his hand. I’m not sure if it’s just his or if it belongs to the group that is doing this.”
“I see.”
I stood up and set my drink on the coffee table.
“How will I contact you?” he asked.
“I’m sure you know the number to the local council office. You can leave a message, and it will get to me or one of my colleagues.” 
“You mean your partner.”
“Yes, he is working this case with me, so the information will go to him too.”
 Roman nodded. “I will be sure to contact you if I receive any new information.”
“See that you do. Also, warn your Djinn that there will likely be agents from the council watching the club until this is solved. I wouldn’t want her giving them as hard of time as she did Tristan.”
“No, we certainly wouldn’t want that.”
I ignored his sarcasm and walked toward the door. He was there opening it before me, and I continued to ignore him as I walked through. 
Once on the main floor, I made a beeline for Tristan, who was talking with the bartender. “You ready?” I asked him. 
I could see that Roman was talking with the Djinn but watching us. 
“Yeah, no one gave me anything other than they knew the victims as regulars.”
“That’s about what I got too. Fortunately, Mr. Alexander has decided to be fully cooperative with the council’s investigation from now on.”
“That’s something I guess.”
“Yep. Let’s go.”
“I’m right behind you.” Tristan turned to look at Roman and Carly before he left. The look on his face said he still didn’t care for the Vamp. I couldn’t say I blamed him.


Chapter Nine
“Boys will be boys”


I was so warm and comfortable wrapped in my blanket, but there was an insistent ringing. I came awake and listened. It was my cell ringing. I looked at the bedside table and the alarm clock there as I reached for my phone. Who would be calling me at three-thirty in the morning? I knew it wasn’t Lucian because I had a ringtone set just for him. I swear if this is someone drunk calling the wrong number, their night just went downhill. The phone stopped ringing before I could answer but immediately started ringing again.
“Yeah,” I answered. 
“There has been another Vampere taken.”
“Who is…Roman? How did you get my personal number? You know what, never mind. How do you know one was taken?”
“One of my security details spotted a Vamp being stuffed into the back of a van.”
“How did they know it was a Vamp?”
He sighed. “He saw the same guy leave the club just minutes earlier.”
“And he didn’t think to stop them or at the least to follow them?”
“He was too far away to stop them. He tried to follow, but he said they disappeared.”
“They disappeared? Wow, that sounds plausible.”
“I wouldn’t know because I wasn’t there, Sunshine. I’ve closed the club early and made sure everyone left in groups.”
“How far from the club was the Vamp taken?”
“Six blocks.”
“All right. I need to meet with your security and scan the area. Text me the approximate address, and I’ll meet them there in twenty.”
“Very well.” He hung up. 
Great. Now, not only is there another missing Vamp and a definite link to Roman’s club, he thought he could just call me whenever he felt like it. 
Tristan met me at the park with the portal we would use. He got into my car, and I could instantly tell he was ticked.
“Don’t tell me I made you kick another woman out of your bed.”
“No, Mother. Nothing like that. Surprisingly enough I was alone.”
“What has got you so pissy then?”
“It’s nothing. Let’s just focus on the case.”
“All right. What are your thoughts?”
He shrugged. “It’s possible the Vamp pissed someone off so their picking off his patrons as retaliation.”
“So you think it’s possible these disappearances aren’t related to the frozen Vamps we found?”
“It’s possible. I’ll admit the timing is really close, but just because Vamp bodies are showing up in Dallas and Vamps are going missing in Fort Worth, it doesn’t mean they are related.”
“That’s true.” I thought about it for a minute. “My gut tells me the two are connected, but we’ll keep open the possibility that these could be two separate cases. If that is the case, then you are right. It’s most likely someone Roman pissed off is getting back at him any way they can.”
“Roman? I didn’t realize you were so friendly with the Vamp.”
“Would you prefer I refer to him as Mr. Alexander? I don’t think a club owner that most likely deals in the unsavory side of Forth Worth deserves to be called by his surname. I guess I could always call him Dr. Alexander.”
“Why would you call him that?”
“Oh, uh, he has a medical degree.” Several actually.
“Did you look him up because of this case?”
“Didn’t you?” When too much information is on the line, turn the question around. It works every time.
“Yeah.”
“Then you know why I said I could call him doctor.”
“What else do you know about him? I mean the stuff that isn’t public knowledge.”
“Not much. I know he’s owned Eternal Darkness for about eight years, and it’s been the hottest nightclub in Fort Worth since it opened. It mostly caters to the Fabled but allows humans to keep things interesting. The ironic thing is I’ve checked all police records associated with the club, and none of them have involved any Fabled and human incidents.”
“So you think Alexander is running a tight ship?”
I shrugged. “It’s probably the Djinn.”
“Djinn?”
“Cute little Carly. You said she was strong, and you were right.”
“Wow. A Djinn. I wasn’t thinking that. I mean, I did know she was strong, but I wasn’t expecting a Djinn. I figured she got the security job because she was hot, but now I know it’s because she’s hot and a badass.” 
I didn’t say anything in response. It was obvious from our brief encounter that Carly had a thing for Roman. That he has one for her too was not something I want to think about. 
We arrived at the address Roman had given me about twenty minutes later. There were several Fabled standing around, including Roman and his Djinn. We got out of the car, and I took in my surroundings as I approached them. They were standing at a relatively busy intersection. Or it will be a busy intersection in a few hours. There were several businesses at all four corners with a large apartment complex next to the business on this side of the street. Behind where the Fabled stood was a large alleyway that appeared to run for several blocks behind the businesses. 
All eyes were on us as we approached, and I could tell some of them wanted to step back as I got closer. 
“Aw, waiting on us. How sweet. Please tell me this isn’t where the Vampere was actually taken.”
“No, he was cutting through the alley when he was abducted. He lives in the complex next door,” Roman told me. 
“Who saw him taken?”
“Charles.” He motioned to the man, and he stepped forward but still kept his distance. He was a black man about six-three with thick shoulders and corded arms.
“I need to know exactly where he was taken. You could allow me to take it.” I pointed toward my head. “Or you can show me.”
His eyes were big. “He was taken down there.” He pointed down the alley before starting forward.
“Make sure you take me to the exact spot. I don’t want to have to use my magic on the whole alleyway. Then I’ll need to refill.” I waved my hand toward him.
His eyes widened slightly, and I motioned for him to lead on. The group parted like the Red Sea for us as I followed Charles, and Roman and Tristan followed us. I noticed the Djinn followed behind Tristan. I really didn’t want an audience but didn’t say anything. 
We were about thirty feet into the alleyway when Charles stopped and turned back to me. 
“That’s where he was taken.” He pointed toward the middle of the alley beside a Dumpster. 
I nodded. “If you will step back, I’ll try to see what happened.”
Everyone took several steps back except for Roman. I looked at him and raised my brows, and he just looked back at me deadpanned. 
“Do you mind?”
“Not at all. Proceed.”
I narrowed my eyes before turning away. Okay, I’m going back to my plan from last night. Ignore him, and if I happen to suck some of his energy out, so be it. Not that I could without skin-to-skin contact, but who knows what I could do if he pissed me off enough.
“Roman.”
I heard the Djinn behind me. I didn’t bother to turn around and see their exchange, but it sounded like she was trying to convince him to move away from me. He didn’t say anything aloud in response, but I didn’t hear him move either. 
So my ignoring technique needs some work. I tried to shut them out as I knelt and touched my hand to the asphalt. I sent my magic out into my surroundings, then pulled it back to me. As typical of my magic, all of the energy in my surroundings clung to it, so when I pulled my magic back into me, I got it too. From there, I could sort through depending on what I wanted. In this instance, I wanted to know what happened to the Vamp so I focused on him. His energy was one of the strongest residual energies in this spot, so it wasn’t hard. I could see the Vamp walking through the alley. He had taken this same route a thousand times. The club was his favorite in town, but there was nothing special tonight, so he decided to head home early.
He didn’t even bother to pay attention to his surroundings. He was on the top of the food chain after all. If he had been paying the least bit of attention, he would have sensed the human hiding behind the Dumpster or maybe the two standing on the roofs of the opposing buildings. As it was, by the time he saw them, it was already too late. He was hit by what looked like a tranquilizer dart, and the effects were instantaneous. The Vamp stumbled three steps before falling against the wall and sliding down to pass out in an almost seated position. The humans didn’t waste any time. Within a few seconds, a black van similar to the one used in the first body dump in Dallas pulled into the alley, and the humans quickly loaded the body. 
I couldn’t get a good look at the two humans on the rooftop, but the one on the ground looked to be in his mid-forties with a crew cut and a no-nonsense look about him. He was wearing a black T-shirt with black fatigues and boots. His physique showed he was in good shape; plus, he single-handedly picked up the Vamp, threw him over his shoulder, and placed him in the van before climbing in behind him. As he got in, I managed to catch part of a tattoo on the back of his neck—the Caduceus. The van took off, and there was no more information I could gather from here, so I stood up and turned to Charles.
“I need you to take me to where you lost the van.”
“I didn’t just lose it. It turned a corner, and I followed. I was no more than four car lengths behind it, and by the time I turned, it was gone.”
“That’s why I need you to show me where it was. I might be able to figure out how they did it.”
He turned to Roman who nodded slightly; then he looked back at me. “All right. You can follow us.”
“Lead the way.”
We started back down the alley together, and Roman moved to walk beside me. “I’m eager to know what you learned, Sunshine.”
“That is council business,” Tristan said as he squeezed between us.
“I was under the impression we were working together in this case,” Roman said.  
Tristan huffed. “We appreciate your cooperation, but that doesn’t make you privy to all information.”
“If it were not for my security detail, you wouldn’t learn about this disappearance for days. You should appreciate my assistance.”
“I said we do, but we’re not going to tell you everything.”
“Without the proper information, my people will not know what to look out for.”
“We don’t need you to act on this case. Just report what information you find and we can handle it from there. I don’t even understand why you’re here.” Tristan was getting progressively more aggressive.
“I wanted to help Sunshine in this investigation. It is my club that is being targeted after all.”
“Her name is Sunny, and she doesn’t need your help. She has a partner.”
“A boy.”
“A man.”
Oh, my dear Lord above. What the hell has gotten into Tristan, and why the freak is Roman being such a Nosy Nancy? “That is enough, gentlemen. I appreciate your assistance, Roman, but I will need to gather more information before I can give you anything. As of right now, I can’t tell you any more than Charles has already told you. So if you would both put your dicks away, perhaps we could continue this investigation.”
“I’m sorry M—uh, Sunny,” Tristan said.
“As am I. It seems this investigation is trying my patience,” Roman added while sneering at Tristan.
“You could always leave. I’m sure I could stop by later today to tell you about what we found,” Tristan replied.
“I would prefer to hear the information from Sunshine. We have known each other for quite a while, and I respect her opinion.”
“You think you know her better than me? I’ll have you know I’m her—”
“Tristan! Let’s keep this professional, okay? There is no reason for you both to act like children.” Man, that was close. There were too many ears present for anyone to learn of our relationship.
“Well, there is reason for him to act like a child. Primarily because he is one,” Roman added.
Before Tristan could retaliate, I turned on Roman. Using the last of the Werewolf magic I had taken from the alpha of Yukon, I slammed him against the brick wall of the alleyway and held him there. “You will hold your tongue, or you will not be allowed to participate in this investigation. Do you understand me?”
He smiled at me, and before I knew what was happening, I was against the opposite wall, and he was holding me there. 
“I believe it is I who is assisting you so show some respect. You will keep your boy away from me, or I will show him what an ancient Vampere can do.”
He released me, and I shot daggers at him with my eyes. No, not really, but if I had that ability, he would surely be dead by now. It has been a very long time since an opponent has gained the upper hand. Of course, I could have just touched his skin with mine and been able to weaken him in a matter of seconds, but then again he could have broken my neck in the time it took him to throw me against the wall. 
After a moment of us both staring at each other without either making a move, I leaned in closer and whispered in his ear. “If you hurt him, I will hurt you, and it will be much more than your heart that gets broken this time.” I stepped around him and walked away, leaving him there facing the brick wall. 
We got in our separate cars, and I followed them to the corner where Charles lost the van. As I parked along the curb and got out, I noticed a tall brick wall running along this side of the street. I looked to my right and saw that it ran for at least a block. A look to my left showed it ran around the corner and for another block. That’s odd. I tried to look over the wall but this close I couldn’t see anything. I wonder if it was built to keep people in or out.
“What do you know of this wall?” I asked no one in particular.
“I believe it runs the perimeter of the asylum,” Roman told me.
“Asylum?”
“Yes, it is the Southeastern institution for criminally ill Witches.”
“Witches?” Okay, I know I was starting to sound like a parrot, but I didn’t know this place even existed.
“Yes.” Roman said, like he was talking to a child.
“No Wizards?”
“No. This is a woman’s facility.”
I nodded and continued on to the corner. My gut told me the whacked-out Witches facility had something to do with our disappearing van. I knelt on the asphalt and sent my magic out. When I brought it back in, I searched through for the van, and after a second, I saw it. I saw the van turn the corner and continue to turn directly into the wall on this side. 
I stood back up and walked over to the wall where the van had gone through. I could feel the magic before I ever touched it. It was strong Witch magic. I pulled it into me until the spell broke, revealing a large opening in the wall and a road leading up to the front entrance. 
“Holy fuck,” Charles said from behind me.
I took a moment to store the magic I had absorbed while trying to get a read on the spell-caster. There was nothing I could determine, though. Whoever set the spell made sure it couldn’t be traced back to them. Unless I absorbed magic from the Witch, who placed this spell, I wouldn’t be able to say who actually did it. 
I turned to Tristan. “Feel like visiting some wacky Witches?”
He waved his hand. “After you.”
I stepped through the opening and onto the road that led to the asylum and instantly was transported through a portal. I looked around and saw I was in a wheat field in apparently the middle of nowhere. Fuck. Illusions within illusions. 
A few seconds later Roman came through the portal. Judging by his body language, he was ready for a fight. Tristan was right behind him with Carly on his heel. I gave everyone a moment to realize we had been duped. 
“So they created an illusion of a wall just to cover an illusion of a road that was covering a portal?” Tristan asked just to be clear.
“That would be my assumption.”
“Why?”
“The first illusion was obvious. The second would lead someone to believe the spell-caster was at the asylum. Perhaps when the portal is closed, the road is actually there.”
“Or perhaps the spell-caster is at the asylum and wished us to be elsewhere,” Roman added.
“True. So the van could have traveled that road and the portal was just a precautionary measure in the event the spell on the wall is broken.”
Roman nodded. 
“So the van didn’t drive through a portal just to end up in a wheat field in the middle of nowhere?” Carly pondered.
“No. No tire marks are running through this field. It doesn’t look like anyone has been here in quite a while. Most likely the portal was set up with this destination as a default. If you know where you want to go, it will take you there, but if you don’t plan a destination, it brings you here. Most portals are set up like that.” I turned to Tristan. “Let’s get back and check out the asylum.”
“Did you see who placed the spell on the wall?” Roman asked.
I shook my head. “I know their magic, but I would have to experience it again to know whose it was.”
“That spell was strong. I would prefer you not to experience one aimed at you by this Witch.”
“Aw, how touching? You see that, Sunny. The bloodsucker’s worried about you,” Tristan said.
Roman’s eyes narrowed. Before they could start arguing again, I thought about where I wanted to go, grabbed Tristan’s hand, and stepped back through the portal. We stepped back out next to Charles and his partners. He raised a brow at me, and I winked.
I held my hand out to Roman. “Roman, thank you for your assistance. We will likely be issuing a team to watch the club over the next few weeks. We’ll meet with our superiors and get back with you.”
He eyed my hand for a second before taking it, bringing it to his mouth, and kissing it. “I look forward to hearing from you.”
I took back my hand as quickly as possible. His actions had taken me by such surprise that I didn’t even think about taking some of his magic. When I turned for the car, I saw that Tristan was giving Roman the stink eye. I patted his shoulder as I walked by, and he finally stopped staring at Roman long enough to follow me. 


Chapter Ten
“Wescueing Wacky Witches”


We drove around to the front entrance of the asylum, and I showed my ID to the guard at the gate. He allowed us in, so I drove up the long driveway to the front doors and waited for a moment after shutting off the car. 
“I need you to act like a professional during this case. I don’t know what your problem is with Roman, but I want you to work on burying it. At least until after we’ve caught these killers.”
“He’s a jerk. He’s been nothing but an asshole ever since before I actually even met him. And I don’t like the way he looks at you. You already have one guy who isn’t good enough for you. You don’t need two.”
“He’s not Doyle, and I’m not interested in Roman.”
“No, but you sure used to be, didn’t you?”
“Mine and Roman’s relationship is in the past. Hell, I haven’t even seen him in almost fifty years.”
“And now he’s back, and I don’t think he’s going to stop trying to get with you.”
“I fail to see where that is any of your concern. I’m a grown woman. I don’t need my son taking care of me.”
“I see the effect he has on you. Lucian told me about your relationship, and I don’t want him to hurt you again.”
That explains his ill mood this morning. “See, that’s where you have it wrong. He didn’t break my heart. I broke both of ours. Like I said, that was a long time ago, and I have no intention of allowing myself to be drawn back into Roman Alexander.”
“Is that why you told him we were involved?”
“How did you… I didn’t say we were involved. That’s just wrong on too many levels. He assumed we were involved because of our obvious concern for each other, and I just didn’t correct his misassumption.”
He laughed. “You talk more like Lucian every day.”
“Hey, there’s no need for slander. How did you know?”
He laughed again. “Alexander acts like a jealous ex, especially toward me. It wasn’t until you stopped me from telling him about our relationship that it dawned on me.”
“Actually, I didn’t want you to tell them about our relationship because I was trying to protect you. But yes, I would prefer if you don’t set him straight.”
“As long as you don’t want me to act like your boyfriend, I’m cool. That just goes into intense emotional therapy territory.”
“I would prefer you to act as my partner and leave the personal stuff out of it, which is what this conversation was supposed to be about.”
“Yeah, yeah, I got it.” He was quiet for a second. “How old do you think Alexander is?”
“I’m not completely sure, but I do know that the name he was given at birth was not Roman. That is who he was. A Roman.”
“Wasn’t there a Roman emperor named Alexander?”
“You mean Alexander the Great? I don’t know if there’s a relation or if Roman’s surname was Alexander before he was turned. He could have chosen that name to go with Roman. Why don’t you ask him some time? I’m sure he wouldn’t mind sharing his life’s history with you.”
“Ha-ha. You’re so damn funny. I thought we were going to beat some information out of some Witches.”
I pretended to be shocked. “Son! You wound me. I would never hurt an innocent.”
“Well, lucky for you all of these chicks are criminals, so it isn’t likely you’ll be finding innocents.”
“You sound more like me every day.”
He shrugged in response. “In that case, we had better get a move on.”
We got out of the car and started for the front entrance. 
“You have some Vamp magic now, right?” Tristan asked as we climbed the steps.
My brows drew together. Why would I have Vamp magic?
“You stole some from Roman while he was planting one on your hand, didn’t you?”
“Oh, yeah. You should know me well enough to know I don’t let opportunities pass me by.” I continued through the door. Hopefully, he wouldn’t see through my lie. 
Inside, I walked to the window and explained I was investigating the gaping hole in their wall and needed to verify no inmates have gone missing. Hey, it seemed like the most plausible excuse. The woman at the desk thought I was joking for a fraction of a second until I raised one brow, and she contacted the security guard on duty watching the surveillance cameras. He verified that there was indeed a hole in the wall and complete lockdown of the facility ensued. The clerk gave me and Tristan visitor’s passes and explained that the director would be with us momentarily. 
“You can wait in the atrium if you’d like,” she added when I explained how much I didn’t like to be kept waiting. 
She pointed to a door at the end of the hall, and as I walked toward it, I heard the lock buzz. I pulled the door open and just stood there for a second. If I hadn’t known I was in a building, I would have thought I was standing in the middle of a meadow with a waterfall to one side and sprites flying about gathering nectar from the flowers. I looked at the sky and felt a slight breeze as I watched the clouds float by. I could feel the sun’s warmth on my skin, and it brought a drop of tranquility with it. Or perhaps that’s what the spell was designed to do. I walked to the stream splitting the meadow in two and looked into it. There were fish swimming around. I reached my hand into the water, and it came out wet. 
“You’ll never catch them that way. I know. I’ve tried.”
I turned and saw a young Witch with auburn hair and the most amazing hazel eyes. She was looking at me with a smile.
“Hello Thief, I’m Brennan.” She held out her hand to me.
I took it with a smile of my own. I made sure to take only a very small amount of her magic. She was young, probably no more than sixteen, but she was strong magically. I got several images with the magic I absorbed. A boy, perhaps a brother, his face was torn in pain. She was screaming with flames surrounding her, then a woman was talking to her, and then there was a sense of confusion. The last image seemed the most prominent, meaning this was either her current condition, she had been in this state for some time, or both.
“Hello, Brennan. I prefer Sunny, and this is Tristan.”
“Wow. You’re hot,” she told my son.
“Uh, thanks. Nice to meet you, Brennan,” Tristan said.
“We don’t see many males around here. Only the guards and they look like donuts.”
I must have looked confused because she felt obligated to explain.
“You know, round and doughy with a slight glaze if they have to do any work.”
I laughed, but she seemed to sober.
“I know why you’re here, but you won’t get the answers you seek. She lies like a serpent. Don’t touch her. You won’t like it.”
I moved closer to her. I don’t know why, maybe it was because she wasn’t scared of me like everyone else, but I felt drawn to her. “And why are you here, Brennan. Don’t bother lying. I will know.”
She smiled. “I burned. I didn’t mean to. It built up until I couldn’t stop it.”
“Others were hurt, and you were brought here. Why?”
She shrugged. “No one else wanted me. They give me pills I don’t like.”
I nodded. “They’re blocking your magic. That’s not the way to help you. One day the pills won’t work anymore, and you will burn again.”
“I know. You could help me, though.”
“That’s enough, Brennan. Move along and leave our guests alone,” a woman in a sharp business suit said as she walked toward us. 
“Yes, Headmistress,” Brennan said before slinking away. 
I caught her eye before she left and nodded slightly. She smiled shyly before disappearing. She must have left the room, but the illusion didn’t show any doorways.
“I’m Headmistress Beasley. What concern do you have with my facility?” 
“Headmistress, I’m Sunny Dubois with the council. We are investigating the disappearance of a Vampere in the area, and the abductors used the hole in your wall to evade capture. Do you have any knowledge of this?”
“Ms. Dubois, I did not know there was a hole in our wall until you informed us.” She said my name like it was sour on her tongue.
“Pretty shabby job you’re doing here then. This is an institution for the criminally insane. Is it not? One would think you would know about a ten-foot hole in the wall keeping the prisoners in.”
“It is being investigated.”
She spoke with her jaws clenched. I’m sure someone who is used to being the boss of everyone, didn’t like being told she wasn’t doing her job. I didn’t really care, though. I’ve never really been a social person, and I really didn’t like dealing with assholes. Headmistress Beasley was a grade A asshole. 
“This is a nice atrium you have here. I’ll admit I was taken by surprise upon entering.”
“Yes, it helps to calm the patients.”
“It must have taken quite a spell to create. Not to mention the magic used to keep it up. However do you manage?”
“We have a very gifted team here that all work together to maintain the illusion.”
“Did your team work together to create the illusion on the wall outside?”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“I’m sure you don’t. Tell me, are all the patients here convicted criminals?”
“Most yes.”
“Most, but not all.”
“There are a few exceptions.”
“Like extremely strong minors whose families are killed.”
She laughed. “Don’t let Brennan fool you. That is her gift after all. She can make you see whatever she wishes. That was how she killed not only her family but also every foster parent she was put with until finally arriving here.”
“I thought her gift was fire magic.”
“Again that is what she wanted you to believe. Why do you think she offered to touch you?”
I laughed. This woman obviously didn’t know who she was dealing with. I leaned in closer. “I took her magic, and it doesn’t lie. Do you really believe she is powerful enough to fool me? Here’s what I think. I think you know exactly how powerful that girl is, and that is why you pulled strings to bring her here. Here is how this is going to happen. I’m going to find out what is happening to these Vampere, and if I find out you had something to do with it, I will make sure you spend the rest of your long life in a cell.”
“Do you think I fear you, Thief? You are nothing without the magic of others.”
I got right up close to her. “It’s funny you should say that because that’s exactly what I think about you. I can feel your magic, Witch, and I’ve gotta say, it’s not too impressive. Have you found a way to siphon off the magic of others? Is that how you created the illusion on the wall?” I pointed around us. “Is that how the atrium stays running?”
“Get out of my facility.”
“This is one of the council’s facilities, isn’t it? As an agent of the Council, I have every right to be here.”
“No, it is not. This is a privately owned mental institute, and you are disturbing the patients.”
“Oh, you are a patient now? It’s odd, isn’t it? A privately owned mental hospital. Why would anyone want to fund an asylum? Especially, an asylum full of Witches? It does lead one to ponder.”
“Well, you can ponder elsewhere.”
I smiled at her. I would love her to try to throw me out, but I wouldn’t make a scene since I was here on council business. 
“Very well, Headmistress. I’ll be seeing you.”
I turned and left the atrium, which was easier said than done. I basically walked to where I thought we had entered, and the door appeared before me when I was close enough. I walked back to the window and tossed my visitor’s pass into the tray before leaving the institution. The woman at the front desk watched me the whole time, probably making sure I didn’t break anything on the way out.
Tristan didn’t say anything as we left the facility. When I got into the car, I felt magic but didn’t acknowledge it. Instead, I started down the long drive out of the facility. 
“We definitely need to find out who owns this place. Head back to HQ, and we can do some digging,” Tristan said.
“We have to go to Lucian first.”
“Why? Do you think he knows what’s going on?”
We approached the guard, and he motioned for me to stop. I flipped him the bird and kept going. He just managed to lift the bar in time for my car not to break it off.
“No, I think he’ll be able to help Brennan. What do you say?”
“Me?”
“I think she was talking to me.” Brennan sat up in the back seat. “I’m cool with meeting the head of the council. He’s your dad, right?”
“Yeah, but don’t hold that against him.”
“Are you kidding? You’re by far the coolest person I’ve met in the past three years.”
“Wait. You just broke out a convicted insane person from a mental hospital?” Tristan said in disbelief. 
“Technically, she hitched a ride. I had nothing to do with it.”
“You knew she was in here.”
“You can’t prove that.”
He just stared at me. 
“I’m taking her to Lucian, so she’ll be in council custody. At least he’ll be able to help her instead of pumping her full of drugs, then stealing her magic.”
Tristan turned to look at Brennan. “Is that what they’ve been doing?”
She bit her lip and nodded. He reached back and put his hand on her knee. “Don’t worry. My mom will make sure no one ever hurts you again.”
I sighed and shot him a hard look.
“It’s okay, Sunny. I already knew, and your secret is safe with me.”
“Thank you for your discretion, Brennan.”
“You’re welcome. Thank you too.”
I nodded.
We pulled into Lucian’s drive a half hour later. I turned to Brennan in the back seat. “If you lie to him, he’ll know. Regardless of the truth, it’s always better.”
She nodded and looked nervous suddenly. It was apparent she thought that she would be judged for what she did in her past, but I had seen the images, and they had come straight from within. She couldn’t control her power when she came into it and had no idea what to do. Why her parents didn’t teach her how to wield magic from childhood, I don’t know, but after the fire, she was stuffed away in that asylum. She needed to learn her magic and how to control it, or it would control her. The headmistress was right when she said Brennan was dangerous, but I didn’t think she would do anything intentionally. 
I rang the bell, and Lucian answered the door before the chime had stopped.
“Hello, Daughter.” He pulled me to him and kissed my forehead. “I hope you haven’t been too hard on that Vampere.” He turned to Tristan. “Or you.” 
“She hasn’t been too hard, Grandfather.”
“I was referring to your mistreatment of the Vampere.”
Tristan’s mouth was open, and he put his hand to his chest. “Me?”
“Yes, you. Don’t try to act innocent. You would do best to worry about your own affairs instead of meddling in your mother’s. Now move aside, and let me see my new apprentice.”
Tristan was gaping like a fish, but he did as he was told and stepped aside.
“Father, this is Brennan. Brennan, I would like to introduce my father, Lucian Dubois, leader of the Fabled Council of Elders, the oldest and most powerful Wizard in the world.”
“Sunny, you don’t have to be so formal. We’re among family now.”
I looked at Brennan, and she looked both awed and pleased.
“Come in and be welcomed, Brennan.” Lucian stepped back with his arms wide. 
I allowed Brennan to enter first before following into the house. Lucian led us into a sitting room where a servant had already set out tea for everyone. I took my cup, added cream and sugar, and went to sit in the window seat. Lucian came and sat beside me while Tristan wooed Brennan with his skills. Judging by the doe eyes, whatever he was doing was working.
“So tell me how you came upon the fire child.”
I told him in detail everything that had happened since seeing him last night.
“My, that is interesting. You say the illusion on the wall was very strong? It was likely there was a password that when said would allow one to either enter the portal or travel the road to the asylum.”
“The headmistress, there was something about her. Other than the way she treated the patients there was something dark.”
“Dark magic. It will darken a person’s very soul. Of course, someone prone to reading and absorbing magic would be able to sense that immediately.”
“So you think it was the headmistress who created the illusion and portal. But why would she be helping to kidnap Vamps?”
“That I do not know.”
I looked at Brennan. “I think I need to know everything about this asylum.”
Brennan shrugged. “I don’t know much other than day-to-day stuff. I was given meds in the morning and at night. They made things fuzzy. I wasn’t able to read things as easily. Sometimes I would cheat and pretend to take my pills, but the headmistress always knew. She would watch me take them after that. It was while I didn’t have them that I saw you, Sunny.”
“That’s how you knew who I was and why you hopped a ride.”
“I knew you were my only chance.”
“I will help you however I can. I think for now the best thing would be for you to be taught how to control your magic. It’s imperative that you learn this because once those pills stop working, your magic is going to come back with a vengeance. Will you stay here with Lucian and learn what you need? Once you have better control, you can come stay with me.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. Lucian is the best possible teacher.”
“I mean about me staying with you.”
“Oh, absolutely. I’m not the best roommate, and I work a lot, but if you don’t mind that, I’d love the company.”
Her smile split her face, and she ran to me and hugged me. I hugged her back. So many people who knew who I was were afraid of me; it was nice to have someone who wasn’t. I would leave her here with Lucian for now, but I would come back for her. After all, she has been through, she needed someone to just care for her, not because they were using her for her magic, but because they wanted her.
She looked up at me. “Thank you, Sunny.”
“Thank you, Brennan.”
She hugged me again.


Chapter Eleven
“Sometimes it feels like somebody’s watching me”


We left a few hours later. It was getting late, and we still needed to do some digging. 
“Do you think it’s a good idea to let Brennan stay with you?”
I could tell Tristan had been thinking about it since leaving Lucian’s. “Once she can control her magic, yes. It isn’t really hard to control magic in the sense of not letting it run rampant. It’s fine-tuning that control that will take a while. Once she has a basic hold, I will allow her to stay with me, but she will continue training with Lucian for many years to come. I just hope we can finish this case before she’s ready to move in. I have a feeling I won’t be home much until we do.”
“I guess it’ll be good for you to have someone there with you. How long do Witches usually live anyway?”
“It all depends on their magic. The strong ones like Brennan, indefinitely. It’s essentially a spell that keeps them alive, which is why they have to have strong magic to maintain the spell. Some of the weaker Witches only live slightly longer than humans while some have to use all of their magic just to maintain their health spell leaving them without magic at all but still able to live forever, as long as they aren’t killed.”
“Wow. Having magic must be nice. I would be fine with just extending my life without being able to actually wield magic too.”
“Son, you were born human, and you’re a damn fine one if I do say so myself. Don’t want for what you don’t have. Enjoy what you do have.”
“I know. It’s just hard sometimes.”
“I know. You see everyone around you and know they will still be here when you’re gone, but that is the way it is supposed to be with humans, and there is something to be said about knowing you won’t live forever. A sense of now or never makes life worth living. Perhaps if I hadn’t taken you in, you would be happier with your life.”
“Or perhaps I would have died of starvation alone in a hotel room with a dead woman.”
“That wouldn’t have happened.”
“Do you really think my life would have been better without you?”
“No. I guess we will never know what could have been.”
“I don’t want to know what could have been. I couldn’t imagine my life different than it is. I have to give Alexander credit. He did the right thing in choosing to save you. If I fault him for everything else, it won’t be for that.”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Let’s discuss the case.”
“Suit yourself. Just don’t think I would have been better off without you because that’s ludicrous.”
I ignored him and moved the conversation on. “So the two cases are connected.”
“I figured that when I heard, it was a black van the Vamp chased.”
“Yep, plus one of the humans had the symbol of Caduceus on the back of his neck.”
“So we’ve got humans and Witches working together?”
“Possibly. Or the portal was there, and the humans somehow learned about it. That seems unlikely since, as Lucian said, they would have to know a password to use the portal. I want to find out who owns that asylum and how long the headmistress has been there. I also want to know if there are any other contributors. There has to be more than just the headmistress involved. They were taking magic from Brennan. Who knows how many other patients are having their magic siphoned.”
We arrived back at our temporary HQ in Dallas and began looking for anything we could find on the Witches Asylum for the Criminally Insane—yes, their acronym was WACI. We found out almost immediately that the company that owned the asylum was an international business named LabTech, which primarily sold medical supplies to several countries including the US. There was a list of board members but nothing else.
“Generally, if there is only a board listed then the company is owned by a larger conglomerate. I’ll follow the paper trail and see where it takes me,” Tristan said. 
Truth be told, he was better at this part of the job than I will ever be. I was better at reading people and forcing them to give me the information I want. This sort of thing took some kind of finesse, a kind that I don’t possess.
“Okay, I’ll try to find a connection with Roman. If that doesn’t work, I’ll try to find out who his enemies are. I’m going to call for some extra agents to watch the perimeter around the club. There have been several days between disappearances, so I think we’ll be all right for tonight, but tomorrow we’re going to need to be on patrol. We can take turns if you want.”
He shook his head. “We need to be inside. Keep the patrols running while we check out the clientele. Someone has been watching these Vamps, and the most likely place is the club itself.”
“Do you really think you can manage to spend your nights in Roman’s club? You two can’t even get along for five minutes.”
“You were right. I need to act more professional, and I will do my utmost to do so. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let a killer go free because I can’t stand some Vamp.”
I had pretty much come to the same conclusion about the club, but I really didn’t want to spend time with Roman and his Djinn. But like Tristan, I’ll be damned if I’m going to let a killer go because of my personal issues.
I sighed. “I’ll call Roman and make arrangements.”
“I want to be a bartender.”
“Bartender? Do you know how to tend bar?”
“I can make every drink in the book. Plus, bartenders learn more info about the customers than anyone else in a bar.”
“And what am I supposed to be?”
He shrugged. 
I rolled my eyes. “I’m sure I’ll think of something.”
“And I’m sure Roman will have his own ideas.”
“Oh, I’m sure he will too.”
Tristan smiled. He was probably imagining my constructive way of telling Roman what he could do with his ideas.
I continued digging for information on Roman and any possible enemies he might have. Of course, it would be easier just to ask him, but I would rather avoid that. Plus, it was likely he would lie if there were someone he suspected. Unfortunately, there was nothing obvious as far as business affairs went. There was paperwork of his acquisition of companies that had belonged to his sire, Judas Severus. Apparently, he had gained control of his sire’s assets on his death, but I couldn’t find how the sire died. The file merely said that it was classified per leader of the council. So Lucian knows how the sire died but doesn’t want anyone else to. I’ll have to ask him what he knows. I’m sure he would have mentioned it if he thought it might have some bearing on this case. 
Since I couldn’t find anything useful on Roman, I decided to look up Brennan’s history. Her coming into her powers without an experienced Witch or Wizard there to help guide her is very rare and very dangerous. First, I had to find out her full name because I never thought to ask. That was easy enough. I already pulled the files on the asylum; even though it was privately owned, the state requires a list of all patients because they are criminals. I narrowed my search to underage patients, and only one name popped up. Brennan Shane. Sounded Irish if I had to guess. 
I put her name and her year of birth in my database and got several hits. One was a report of the accident. Both parents and younger brother perished in the flames. Brennan was fifteen at the time, which sounded right for a Witch coming into her powers. That doesn’t answer the question of why she wasn’t guided. I looked for a birth certificate and found one. Both parents were listed. Okay, there went my theory that she was adopted. Usually, that would be the case in a situation like this one, especially since no other family members stepped forward to claim her. It didn’t make sense. I did a search of the Witch databases to find out if it was the mom or the dad who was Fabled. Or both. It turned out neither of them was associated with a clan. Huh. I searched just the last name and got no hits in Dallas, but there were several members with that last name in Austin. A cross-reference showed me the mother, Caroline Shane, was from Austin and her father is still a practicing Wizard there. So Brennan has a grandfather. It still doesn’t explain why Caroline didn’t teach her daughter to control her magic or why the grandfather didn’t claim her after the accident. I thought I was going to have to pay Grandpa a visit as soon as this case is over.
“Okay, I’ve got some good news and some bad news.”
Tristan’s eyes were red, and several empty paper coffee cups were sitting on his desk. As I looked at him, he stifled a huge yawn.
“Hurry and tell me so we can go home and get some rest.”
“That sounds like the best idea you’ve had all night, day, whatever we’re working on now.”
I raised a brow in a “get on with it” expression.
“Right. There is a conglomerate that owns LabTech. The majority stockholder is actually an account created in the name of a larger business that is owned by Neil Niobe.”
“Should that mean something to me?”
“Neil Niobe just runs a small software company called UniSoft. It is the leading software company in the world. He has businesses in every major country and is a major stockholder in several computer manufacturing companies. Basically, if it’s a computer, it’s likely his company had a hand in it some part of it.”
“So he’s richer than, uh, almost anyone? Why have I never heard of him before?”
“You’re not a billionaire? I don’t know. I had never heard of him either, but I’ve heard of his company.”
“So he’s definitely rich enough to be funding this whole steal-the-Vamps-and-kill-them project? Is he human?”
“As far as I know. I suppose he could be behind it, but I couldn’t imagine why he would want to be?”
“Oh, you know, golf doesn’t hold the excitement it used to, so now he’s torturing Fabled as a past time. His company has a logo, right? It doesn’t happen to be the symbol of Caduceus. Please say yes.”
“Sorry. It’s some weird geometric shape with a bunch of sides and a big N in the middle.”
“That figures. So he’s rich enough to pull something like this off, and he’s loosely connected to the asylum, but that’s all we’ve got. Am I right?”
“Sounds right, yes.”
“Great. Let’s get some shut-eye. Maybe I’ll dream about the answer to our problems.”
Tristan already had his coat on. “If you’re waiting for me, you’re backing up.”
I made it home in record time, showered, and climbed into bed just as the sky outside was starting to turn purple. My phone started ringing before my head hit the pillow. I reached over and grabbed it off the nightstand without getting up. “This better be good.”
“I waited all night for your call, but it never arrived. Have you found any information at all, or did you decide to take a vacation?”
“Yes, Roman, I’m currently in Cancun getting a massage by the most amazingly fingered cabana boy. Sorry, I forgot to call.”
“If I didn’t know you were currently in your bed alone, I might be upset by that knowledge.”
I bolted up and looked around the room but didn’t see anyone. Did he bug my house while I was gone? No, not only is there security setup at the entrance to the subdivision. My home had its own security system that was boosted by a spell created by Lucian.
“Don’t worry, Sunshine. I’m not in your home. I could be, though if you’d like.”
I lay back down. “Security detail on the roof of a building?”
With my room taking up a large section of the second floor of my house it was likely someone could see inside from one of the nearby skyscrapers, and Atlanta was full of them. 
“Yes. Which one, I won’t tell.”
“Great. Now I’m going to have to keep my blinds shut at all times. I’m sure he got a good show when I was walking around naked a few minutes ago.”
He didn’t reply right away. “I will be changing security personnel.”
“You’re going to fire him for seeing me naked? That’s a little extreme, don’t you think.”
“I mean to replace his post with a female. Don’t worry; he will not be fired.”
“Good, because I was joking about the naked thing anyway. I know better than that. Let’s steer this conversation into less personal territory. I talked with the director of the asylum, and she denied all knowledge of the hole in the wall and the illusion placed on it. Other than that, I’ve got nothing. Do you know of anyone who would hold a grudge against you?”
“No. Most who are unhappy with me take the more direct approach, except for you, of course. You run across the country, citing you never wish to see me again.”
I decided to ignore the last comment. “Well, whoever’s doing this is obviously using the club as a means to find their victims. Tristan and I talked about it, and we think it would be best to watch the club and its patrons. We’re going to have agents patrolling the perimeter, but it would be best if we’re inside. Can you give us temporary jobs that will allow us to watch everyone?”
“Hm.” He seemed to think about it. “I will introduce you as my newest conquest, and your partner can be a busboy since it so aptly fits him.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of Tristan being a bartender since they hear so much gossip, and I could be a server.”
He laughed. “Dear, naïve Sunny. There is no possible way I would put you in my club as a server.”
“Why the hell not?”
“Do I really have to explain? You don’t like people. You tend to hurt or kill anyone who upsets you. Not to mention everyone is afraid of you. I wouldn’t have a club once word got around that you were a drink wench there.”
“Hey, I never said anything about being a wench.”
“Server is out. You can pose as my lover. It will place you in the club each night without having to interact with the patrons.”
“No. There has to be some other job I could do that will allow me to watch everyone without interacting with them.”
He sighed. “I will think on this. Meet me at the club an hour before opening.”
“All right. But I’m not going to pretend to be your newest fuck, so you better come up with something.”
I hung up. There was no need for pleasantries, and he was keeping me from my sleep. 


Chapter Twelve
“Playing with an old flame”


We went to the club at eight the next night. It was Friday, and the club opened an hour later on Fridays and Saturdays. I parked in the employee lot and went to the back door with Tristan following. A rap on the door brought an employee to open it for me. It was the Djinn.
“Hello, Carly. It’s good to see you again.”
Her eyes narrowed at me as I passed her. You know what they say, kill ’em with kindness.
“Hey, Carly, how’s it going?” Tristan asked her as he passed.
“It’s going. How are you?”
He shrugged. “I’m here.”
I turned back to look at their exchange. When did they become BFFs? Carly caught me looking and smirked. She probably thought I was the jealous girlfriend, mad because she was hitting it up with my man. Whatever. I shrugged and moved on down the hallway. 
Roman was waiting in the main club area. He took in my attire appreciatively. I had opted to dress the part tonight so instead of my usual jeans and T-shirt, I wore black leather pants and a black camisole with a charcoal gray lace tank top over it. Black knee-high boots completed the ensemble. It wasn’t exactly provocative, but I wouldn’t stand out either. I had also chosen to leave my hair down since I usually keep it braided when I’m on a case. It had gotten long enough to touch the waist of my pants in the back. I’ve always liked having long hair. It was the only girly thing about me, but everyone had to have their concession. 
“Hello, Sunshine, you look very fetching tonight.”
I raised a brow. Fetching? What am I, a dog? I heard the sound of drums and turned to see the band for the night begin rehearsing. The drummer and the guitarist were doing a duet together, and it sounded pretty good.
“Thanks. I trust you have a job for me?” 
He smiled. “Indeed I do. If you will accompany me to my office.” 
I raised a brow. 
“It won’t take but a moment,” he added.
I glanced at Tristan. 
Roman turned to the Djinn. “Carly, show the boy to his station at the bar.”
She nodded and motioned for Tristan to follow her. Tristan shot Roman a warning look before turning for the bar. Roman ignored him and looked at me expectantly, so I started up the stairs.
When we reached his office door, Roman reached forward and opened it for me allowing me to enter first. Once he was inside, I looked at him expectantly in return. 
“I would first like you to reconsider the option of posing as my lover. It would allow you better opportunities for learning the clientele.”
“Not going to happen, Roman. I really hope you didn’t bring me up here to try to convince me.”
He smiled and took a couple of steps closer to me. “Couldn’t I persuade you, Sunshine? Even a little.”
I took a step back. “You have another job in mind. Just tell me about it.”
He would have a backup plan. A man like Roman Alexander always had multiple plans waiting in the wings.
He sighed. “The singer for the band has taken a preapproved vacation for the next two weeks. The backup singer is good but not nearly as good as you.”
“You want me to sing in the band?”
He shrugged. “It would allow you to watch the patrons without interacting with them.”
“I don’t know any of the songs. Hell, I don’t even know what kind of music they play. How am I supposed to fill in tonight?”
He smiled. “That is why I asked you to meet me in here. They have been playing in my club for almost two years. I know every song they play.”
And how is that supposed to help me? He obviously thought I could learn the songs from him, but how? My magic. He wanted me to take the songs from him. “You want me to take your magic?”
“Certainly not all of it. I will think of the songs and allow you to take just enough to get the lyrics with the magic. I would have you take it from the band members directly, but I don’t think they would approve of you stealing their magic.”
“Can I do that?” Okay, that sounded stupid, but I’ve never taken someone’s memories before. Sure I get random images sometimes when I take magic, but I couldn’t control what images I got. 
“If I make the thoughts readily available, yes. I’m sure with practice you could pull whatever thoughts you want to.”
Hm. That was an idea. Imagine the information I could ascertain with that ability. All I would need is a touch, and I could know all I needed. 
“All right. Are you ready?” I would give it a try. At the least, I could get some of his magic, and as he’d already pointed out, he’s a very strong Vampere.
“I want your word first. You will only take what I give and no more.”
“You have my word. I want no more and will take no more.”
He nodded. I closed the space between us and took his hand; then I let my magic travel into him. The first image that came to me was of us in an embrace. We were in my hotel room the day K had given me Lucian’s elixir. I remember thinking how handsome Roman was and how attentive he was being. He had driven me back after I fainted in K’s office and stayed with me to make sure I was okay. After talking about everything and nothing for a couple of hours, I had thrown caution to the wind and kissed him. That was the first time we would sleep together but definitely not the last. We had a five-year relationship that ended with me finding out he had lied to me about virtually everything the entire time. 
I pulled the other information he wanted me to take, then released his hand and punched him in the nose.
“Ow! God, what was that for?” He held the back of his hand to his face and saw it came away with blood.
“That’s for the reminder of how you manipulated me for five years.”
He reached for me, but I backed away.
“Sunshine, I didn’t mean it that way. I just wanted you to remember what he had.”
“Oh, I remember all right. You lied to me, Roman. For years, you lied to me. And I fell for it.”
“I didn’t lie to you about everything.”
I walked to the other side of the room and took a second to get control of my temper. Once I calmed down, I looked at him. He was watching me like I was a wild animal about to pounce, so I held out my hands in a typical “what do you want” fashion before dropping them and sighing.
“I don’t want to rekindle any old flames, Roman. I just want to find out who’s taking these Vamps and go back to my life.”
His jaw clenched. “You think that boy can make you happy?”
“Did you?”
He started to reply, then closed his mouth. I took that as my opportunity to leave. 
Downstairs I met the band members. None of them wanted to shake my hand, which wasn’t surprising. They all seemed a little skittish around me until I started to sing, and by the time the doors opened, they were all piped up for a night of music and dancing. My singing is what did it. See, one of the first things I learned about my magic is that all it does is absorb other magic/energy—except when I sing. I don’t know why, and no one else does either, but when I’m singing, whatever emotion I want to express through that song actually goes out with the lyrics and a small amount of my magic will disperse slowly through those emotions. For example, if I want the band members to be cool instead of freaked, I play whatever song suits my fancy and make sure to feel calm and cool myself. My magic does the rest. 
Unfortunately, it only releases my magic, but because mine is constantly absorbing energy, it never runs low. If I steal someone else’s magic, I can’t release it through singing. That’s where Doyle has been helping me out. Talking about Doyle, I haven’t heard from him in a while. I should give him a call when I get a chance—after I solved this case.
The band started at ten, and I instructed the other members to go on stage without me, opting to join them after the first song started playing. It would give me the opportunity to start singing before the tomatoes started flying. Not that I thought it was likely anyone would throw anything. They would be more liable to run for the door.
One thing I wondered about this is if Roman knew about my ability to make people feel what I want through my songs. I played the piano when I was human, and he often liked to hear me play and sing, but if he didn’t know about my ability, he had to know no one would want to hear me sing. No, he knew. I wasn’t sure how, but he had to know.
I joined the band on stage as I started to sing, and for a fraction of a second, the entire club was silent other than my voice with the band behind me. I put as much emphasis as possible on feeling tranquil and happy which was harder than you would think, since so many people watched me with obvious fear and hatred, but as I continued to sing, I could visibly see the crowd relax and begin to enjoy the music. By the end of the first song, the dance floor was packed, and many stopped to applaud before we started the next song. I caught Tristan’s eyes, and he gave me a thumbs-up. I couldn’t help my smile as I started the next song. A glance toward VIP showed Roman looking at Tristan with narrowed eyes. I ignored him and sang on.
At the end of the night, Roman came on stage to address the crowd. “Our very own Sunny Dubois.” He pointed toward me, and to my surprise, the crowd broke into applause “You sing beautifully, Sunshine.” He kissed my cheek. 
“Um, thanks, everyone,” I said into the microphone before quickly exiting the stage.
I could hear Roman say something else to the crowd, but I didn’t stick around to listen. I went through the back door to the employee lot. On one side of the club was an empty lot while on the other was another building butted right up next to it. I saw a fire escape on the back of the building next door, so I climbed it and jumped across to the roof of the club. Then I sat on the edge and looked over. Here, I could see the comings and goings of the partygoers. 
“Like the view?”
I turned to find Charles hidden in the shadows at the other end of the roof. He moved closer and leaned against the edge several feet away.
I shrugged. “I would much rather be up here than down there.”
He nodded. “I heard you sing tonight. You’re really something, for a psychotic killer, that is.”
“Was that supposed to be a compliment? Because I gotta say. You suck at it.”
He laughed. “You’re not the first to notice my inability for casual conversation.”
“So is that what the word on the street is? I’m the council’s psychotic killer.”
He shrugged. “Some say that. I’ve heard a lot of stories. You’ve been accused of being everything from a Banshee to a Yeti.”
“A Yeti? That’s a bit extreme don’t you think. I mean I’m not even that hairy.”
“They thought you shaved. Your whole body.”
I laughed. That was just crazy. “Apparently, whoever said that hasn’t seen an actual Yeti. They look more ape than man, and if you start comparing my facial features, I might have to throw you off this roof.”
He held his hands up to ward me off. “I’m just saying what I’ve heard. I will admit that guy was drunk as a skunk when he made that absurd accusation.”
“And what do you think?”
“Me? I’m just a lowly Vamp working security. It isn’t my place to make assumptions.”
“What, no psycho-killer thoughts?”
“Nah, you’re too straight for that.”
“Huh. Too straight. I’ll have to work on that.”
He laughed. 
“You can take a break, Charles. I’d like to speak with the psycho for a few minutes if you don’t mind.” 
Roman was standing behind us on the roof. I’m not sure how he got there without either of us noticing. Hell, he could have flown for all I know. I’ve heard some of the ancient ones had that ability. 
“Sure thing, boss. I could use a break.” Charles made quick work of exiting the roof.
“You could talk with me in VIP if you wanted to continue watching everyone.”
“I needed a break.”
“So you climbed onto the roof?”
“Yeah, I can still watch the people coming and going but from a distance.”
“Did you like your talk with Charles?”
“He seems okay. I figured it was likely someone would be on the roof watching. I just didn’t know it would be him. He appears to be fine with following your orders. How long have you known him?”
“He is the child of my sibling, so I have known him since he was turned over a century ago. When he left his sire, he moved to the area and asked me for a job. I knew he was dependable, so I gave him one. Why the interest?”
Whoa. I didn’t know Roman had a sibling. There was no mention of another when I was researching his business information. Apparently, the other Vamp didn’t get any share of their sire’s assets. 
“I was just asking. He seems nice enough, and it’s apparent you rely on him as the leader of your security detail.”
“Yes. He is very reliable. Not to mention extremely observant, which makes for an excellent guard.” He sat down next to me and dangled his feet over the side. He looked the epitome of a rock star, in his designer jeans and T-shirt with his dark hair and eyes sitting on the edge of a roof. All he needed was some guy-liner, and he’d be good to go.
“Did you know about my ability?”
“Yes, I have kept in touch with your father over the years. When he first learned of how your magic affects others, he consulted me on my thoughts. I had no more explanation than anyone else. I knew there was a reason I always wanted you more after you would sing to me.” He reached over and stroked a lock of my hair. “Now, I know it was because you were sending that emotion out with the lyrics.”
“So because I was horny and sang to you, it made you horny? That’s kinda fucked up.” I thought back and realized that there was never a time we didn’t have sex after I sang to him.
“I was always horny when it came to you, Sunshine. The songs just made it less controllable.”  
“Well, I guess if I ever lose my job at the council I could always go to work at a strip club. The girls could dance while I sing and the guys will never stop coming.”
“If you will be stripping, I will buy the gentleman’s club.”
“I think I’ll stick with the council for now. I’m sure the pay’s better.”
“I would pay you whatever you wished.”
Wow! There was some major heat in his eyes. I needed to take this conversation out of such dangerous territory because my thoughts were running wild, and I knew his were.
“I’m not going to be doing any stripping anytime soon thanks, so you can keep your pole to yourself. Now, what are your thoughts on these disappearances? Really. No bullshit.”
“I really don’t know. I have spoken with all of my contacts, and no one knows anything. I understand why you think it might be someone after me personally, but it might just be a coincidence. The killers could know Vampere frequent the club and be using it because it’s convenient.”
“I don’t know. I think it’s a little more personal than that. Several bars cater to Fabled in the area. The previous bodies washed ashore in Dallas. Why have the killers moved to Fort Worth and targeted only your club?”
“Excellent question. From the report I saw, it looked like the Vampere taken last year were stolen from within a two-mile radius, but none of them frequented the same club or anything.”
“When did you get the reports?”
He smiled. “It is nice to have friends in high places.”
“Did my father give them to you?”
“I requested them after the investigation showed a direct link to my place of business. He thought it was prudent that all parties involved have all the necessary information.”
“And he knew I wasn’t going to give you jack.”
“That would be correct.” We sat there in silence for a minute, with me stewing and him contemplating. “Do you think you could ever forgive me?” he asked softly.
I thought about it. Roman was a jerk who saw what he wanted and took it, but truth be told I wasn’t mad that he had changed me anymore. 
“Yes, I forgive you. For a long time, I hated that I lived while my children grew old. Faking my death was the hardest thing I ever had to do. But now, I’m glad to be alive. I don’t have a perfect life by any stretch of the imagination, but if you hadn’t changed me, I would have never found Tristan and for that I’m grateful. He needed me, and the truth is, I needed him too. So thank you.”
I looked over at him to see he was pissed. Did I say something wrong? I just told him I forgave him for what he did to me, and he’s mad?
“Why are you mad?”
He jumped up to stand on the ledge faster than I could blink. “You are grateful I made you immortal because of that child? I gave you everything, and you choose him?”
Oh, I totally forgot I was supposed to be pretending Tristan was my boyfriend. I just told him the truth about why I didn’t hold a grudge anymore.
“Look, Roman, I lied abou—”
“Hey, so this is where you disappeared to. The club is almost empty if you want to patrol some.”
I turned and saw Tristan on the other side of the roof. Obviously, there was a fire escape there. Before I could respond, though, Roman flew across the roof at Tristan. I jumped up and ran over as fast as I could.
Roman had his hand wrapped around Tristan’s throat and was holding him over the side of the building. “I could end him now. I would never have to look upon his face again. Who would you love then?”
“Roman, release him! Let him go now or I will kill you.”
He looked at me sadly. “You would, wouldn’t you? You would end me to save him.”
I looked into his eyes so he would know the truth. “Yes.”
In the blink of an eye, Tristan was lying on the roof gasping for air, and Roman was gone. Only a slight breeze remained from his quick movements as he left the roof. I didn’t know where he went, and I didn’t really care. If he ever tried to hurt my boy again, I would make good on my promise. 
“Are you all right, Son?” I knelt beside Tristan. He nodded in response. “Come on. I’ll take you home.” 
I helped him from the roof and to the car. We were going to have to find some other way to find this killer. Working with Roman obviously wasn’t going to work. I felt like saying I told you so, but I would only have myself to say it to, and I tried not to have conversations with myself if avoidable. 
We didn’t say anything all the way to his house. When he started to get out of the car I stopped him. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have let him believe a lie about us for so long. We will start patrolling outside the club from now on. I told you Vampere are unstable, and I won’t compromise you getting hurt to catch this killer.”
“No.” His voice was hoarse. “You tell him the truth about our relationship, and he’ll leave me alone. We’re not going to let killers walk because of this.”
I sighed. “All right. I’ll tell him as soon as we get to the club tomorrow.” 
He nodded. “Good night, Mom.”
“Good night, Son. I am sorry.”
“It wasn’t your fault. For the record, next time I’m stabbing him with my knife.”
My eyes grew as he pulled out the six-inch blade he kept in the sheath sewn into his jacket. He could have killed Roman tonight. I didn’t even think about the possibility of him defending himself. I smiled. 
“That sounds like a good plan.”
He nodded once, then shut the door. 


Chapter Thirteen
“Pour me a stiff one”


The Djinn opened the door for us again the next night. I didn’t say anything to her as I passed and headed straight for the main club. Roman wasn’t there, so I started up the stairs.
“He isn’t there.”
I looked down at Carly. “Where is he?”
She shrugged. “He took the night off, so I’m in charge.” She smirked.
Great. Now I have to deal with her attitude. “He just took a sick day in the middle of a murder investigation?”
“He’s entitled. Being the boss comes with its rewards.”
“I’m sure it does.” 
I would look on the bright side. At least I wouldn’t have to deal with him tonight. I did need to tell him the truth about Tristan before he tried something again, though. I pulled out my cell and dialed the number he had called me from the other morning. It rang without an answer or voicemail, so I hung up. I would try to call him again after the show. The sooner I set him straight, the better.
The band greeted me warmly when I went over to talk with them about last night’s performance.
“Hey, Sunny. How are you?” Keith, the drummer, asked.
“Uh, good. And you?”
“Great. Everyone’s been talking about last night’s gig.”
“Who’s everyone?”
“Everyone. Like as in the whole city practically. My phone hasn’t stopped.”
“Mine either,” Dan, the guitarist said. “Word gets around fast, and you are the word right now.”
“Great. What’s the headline—‘Psycho Killer Can Sing’?”
They started laughing until they saw I wasn’t. 
Dan cleared his throat. “Um, no.”
I laughed. He was a horrible liar. They joined in, and we all had a laugh at my expense. I didn’t mind. At least they were talking and laughing with me instead of cowering. I didn’t even have to sing them into it either. 
When the club opened, I had to remember to close my mouth as the people poured in. There was so many the bouncer outside had to finally stop letting them through the door because the club had reached maximum capacity. And there was still a long line outside waiting for the chance to get in. I couldn’t believe that many people had come to hear me sing, but the band members assured me that was the sole reason for the excess crowd. Unfortunately, it made it almost impossible to keep up with everyone, and I wouldn’t be able to differentiate between the regulars and the newcomers.
At ten, the band started, and once again, I waited to go onstage, primarily because I was kind of freaked out with so many people watching me, but I would never let anyone else know that. I joined the band as I started to sing, and I just managed not to be tripped up by the fact that all eyes were on me. No one was dancing, or drinking, or talking with their buddies while listening to the music. I had every single one of their attention, and it was eerie. Never, have I been the center of attention and never have I wanted to be. 
I sang through my set while trying my best to push goodwill and happiness out through the lyrics. It must have worked because everyone seemed to have a good time. 
“That’s it for tonight. Thanks for coming. I hope you all had a good time.”
I put the mic back on the stand, and everyone broke into applause. One guy even tried to get on stage. I wasn’t sure what he had planned, though, because Carly was there pushing him back. She actually stood there like my bodyguard blocking the crowd so I could escape through the back of the stage. Once I was back there, I started bursting into laughter. It was just too funny. The Djinn was protecting me from the onslaught of people wanting to…what? Touch me? Get my autograph? That had me breaking out into another round of laughter.
“Are you all right?” Keith asked.
“Yeah. It’s just ironic. A week ago no one wanted to touch me, and everybody feared me. Now I need a Djinn to keep them off me.”
He started laughing too.
“Enjoying your newfound celebrity status.” Tristan raised his voice an octave imitating an adoring fan and said, “Can I get your autograph, Miss Dubois?”
I pushed his shoulder. “You shut up.”
“Already forgotten the little people. You see that?” He looked at Dan who decided to stay out of it.
“Don’t you have a boatload of drinks to make?”
“Nah. Everybody’s either leaving or standing in line in front of the door to backstage hoping to get a glimpse of you. Man, that was some crowd, though. I haven’t had a break all night.”
 “You poor thing. Do your itty-bitty fingers hurt?”
“This one is kinda stiff.” He flipped me off. 
“If you’re finished flirting, there are about a hundred customers in line to meet with you, Sunny,” Carly said as she entered the room.
“Why do they want to meet me?”
“I don’t know. They want to meet you, not me.”
“Uh, okay.” I looked at Tristan with a “what should I do” look.
“Go out there and meet with them.”
My eyes grew wide. 
“If they try anything, Carly will beat them up for you,” he added.
“Ha-ha.” I walked to the door and slowly opened it. I didn’t even have time to close it again because they all crowded through the opening. Then there were a dozen people talking to me at once. Several of them were touching me, and I let my magic out slightly. Hey, if I was doing this, I was going to get something out of it, and I was out of every other kind of magic other than my own. I’ve found with my magic capacity—I can’t think of a better term for it—it’s easier to hold a little of different kinds of magic than it is to hold a lot of one kind of magic. I can keep a small amount of several magics stored up for months without feeling like my head was going to explode, but if I absorbed too much of one kind, I’d have to expel it somehow. If it’s just a little too much, I could just use the magic, whatever type it is, until I had the right amount stored. 
With this crowd, there was almost every type of Fabled waiting to talk with me or take a picture with me or have me sign their…whatever. I touched them all and took just the smallest amount of their energy. They wouldn’t even notice it was gone, but I would now have their ability. For a short time anyway, until the magic is used up. The funny thing is that no one was worried about me stealing their magic. Maybe the magic through my singing caused this effect or perhaps they’ve figured out I wasn’t the monster they thought I was. Nah, it’s gotta be the magic. 
When Carly finally kicked them out of the club, it was early morning, and I was beat. I would admit, it was nice to be filled up on magic, but trying to be social with a bunch of people I didn’t know was hard work. 
Carly came backstage as we were getting ready to leave. “Don’t let this newfound publicity get to your head. You’re still just the council’s lapdog.”
I held out my arms. “Aw, someone’s jealous. Come here, and I’ll give you a hug.” After all, Djinn is one of only a couple types of magic I don’t currently possess.
She narrowed her eyes and took a step back. 
I smiled evilly at her. “I may be the council’s lapdog, but I still think that’s better than being Roman’s.”
If looks could kill, I would be a pile of ash on the floor.
I dropped Tristan off at home about six in the morning. He got out of the car but popped his head back in.
“Have you managed to talk to Roman yet?”
I shook my head. “I tried calling him, but he didn’t answer. I’ll tell him when he got to the club tonight, and if he takes another sick day, I’ll just have to hunt him down. 
Tristan nodded. “I love you.”
“Love you too, Son.”


Chapter Fourteen
“Djinn, shaken not stirred”


At noon I woke up and went for a run. It was early May in Georgia, and it was scorching during the middle of the day, but I needed the run. It always helped me to clear my mind of all the clutter taking up residence, so I did my best thinking when my feet were pounding the pavement.
The problem was that as far as this case went, I didn’t have the slightest idea of who could be doing this. None of it makes sense. We had someone who obviously had it out for Roman and was choosing Vamps from his club and handing them over for humans to steal.
Then there was the illusion on the wall and the headmistress at the asylum. I just couldn’t figure out a connection to any of it. Sure, if Headmistress Beasley happened to enjoy hanging out in the club and, say, she and Roman used to be an item, but he shunned her. It would totally make my job a lot easier. But as it was I couldn’t find any connection between the Witches, humans, and Vamps, and it was driving me crazy. 
I finally called it quits when it was apparent I wouldn’t be able to figure anything else out. After a quick shower, I ran a bath and soaked for close to an hour. I love taking a long, hot bath. It relaxes everything, including your mind. With everything that has been going on, I needed all the help I could get. Roman was one of the main stressors I could think of. When I got to the club, I would tell him the truth about Tristan and me first thing. He’d be pissed that I lied, and he’d then try to play the deception for all its worth. Somehow he’d turn it around to me not being able to control myself around him, instead of the truth that I was merely trying to keep him off me. 
Oh well, if he pissed me off too much about it, I had plenty of magic stored up now to wipe him off the planet. Not that I really wanted to hurt him. I had never wanted that. Even when the wounds were fresh, I couldn’t imagine hurting him or allowing him to be hurt in any way. That was what happened when you loved someone with all your heart. Even their betrayal wasn’t enough to cause you to wish them ill will. Well, not anything serious. 
After my bath, I took my time lounging around the house and getting ready for the evening. I figured I would give Tristan the day off from work since we have essentially been working double shifts. We would work all day at the office then all night at the club, so I thought we both deserved a break.
At seven thirty he hadn’t called me. I hoped his voice hadn’t given out after being choked by Roman the other night. I had noticed last night that it had sounded scratchy. The thought of Roman holding him over the side of the roof still pissed me off. I know I just said I didn’t wish him ill will, but I really would have liked to kick him in the balls for what he did to my son. 
I decided just to drive over to get Tristan without calling him. The worst that could happen was he’d still be in bed with whatever woman he managed to pick up today. I’d just change my appearance to look like a fifty-year-old me and pretend to be astounded by what trollops some women had become these days. The thought made me smile.
When I got to Tristan’s, his car was parked in the driveway, so I called his cell. I really didn’t want to listen to another lecture about invading his privacy. He didn’t answer, and I couldn’t help rolling my eyes. When will he grow up and realize some things are more important than getting laid? I got out and knocked on his door. He didn’t answer. Huh. That was weird. I knew he was here. I shrugged and pulled out my key. If he didn’t want me barging in, then he should have at least answered the phone. 
“Tristan. It’s Mother.” I changed my appearance to look older in case he had someone with him.
There was no response, so I started down the hall. I knocked on his bedroom door, but it wasn’t closed completely, so it opened as I knocked. He wasn’t here. Where could he be? I tried calling his phone again and heard a vibration on the bedside table. A check showed his phone was plugged into the charger. Okay, this was beginning to freak me out. I did another search of the house, but he definitely wasn’t here. There were no signs of struggle or anything that would lead me to believe he had been abducted.
I stopped and thought of possible explanations that didn’t equal my son being taken. He could have run to the store and forgotten his phone or something simple like that. Yeah, that is what I was going to go with for now. I would just call our local office and have them pull up the GPS on him. It would give me peace of mind, and when he got back, I would ream him for making me worry.
All agents have a tracking chip implanted in their arm for location purposes. Because this was a dangerous job, it allowed us to be found in the event of an emergency. I was sure the council used it to keep track of us too, but that never really bothered me. Right now, I was hoping it would show me where Tristan was so I could get rid of this weight that had suddenly formed in my stomach.
I called the office and asked the agent who answered to pull up the locator software for Tristan’s location. They told me the search came back saying the agent couldn’t be found. So I had them run it again with the same results. A third scan too. By the time they had searched for him a half-dozen times, it felt like I was being mocked with the message that my son couldn’t be found. 
I tried to keep calm, but there was no logical explanation other than Tristan being taken by someone. Who would be able to get to him? How would they be able to take him without him at least putting up a fight? Why wasn’t his locator working? Given that he hadn’t taken his phone with him, it was likely he was abducted here. I walked back to his front door and opened it, then knelt and touched the doormat while sending out my magic. When I brought it back in, I searched through until I saw Tristan for the last time. A Vamp stood on his door stoop. I have never seen him before, but I could read his magic. He rang the bell and stood to the side of the door. A few seconds later, Tristan opened it slowly with his knife in hand. The Vamp stabbed him in the neck with a needle before Tristan could react. I could see Tristan wobble slightly, and when he looked at the Vamp again, the Vampere smiled. He told Tristan to accompany him to his car, and Tristan followed the command without thought. There must have been something in the injection that made him susceptible to Vampere influence because Tristan was trained to repel it. To my knowledge, he had never been able to be influenced before. 
I stood back up and walked over to the driveway. Kneeling, I sent my magic out into the asphalt. I saw a black Mercedes without tags pull up, and the Vamp get out alone. A few minutes later, the Vamp and Tristan got back in and drove away. There were no determining factors in regards to the car. It was a typical luxury Mercedes, probably a million of them on the roads. The Vamp didn’t have any distinguishing marks I could see either. He had brown hair and a full beard cut short. He was of average height and build. No tattoos that I could see, and no scars either. I could describe him to a sketch artist then search our database, but something told me I would be wasting my time. 
The question was ‘Who would send a Vamp to abduct Tristan?’ There was only one person who came to mind, one person knew how much Tristan means to me and because of that hates him, one person who would have the means to hire a Vamp to abduct him.
I arrived at Eternal Darkness about twenty minutes later and took the time to attach my sword to my hip before starting for the bar. It was the first gift Lucian gave me. He had been training me in sword fighting for a couple of years when he presented it to me. He had commissioned a Valkyrie he knew to make it. I didn’t always carry it with me because it was hard to walk around with all the time. I did know a spell that kept it hidden, but I had to constantly work on keeping the spell up. Some people are able to do this without thought, but for me it took effort. Not to mention my magic would pull from my surroundings to feed the spell, and I didn’t really like doing that. It would pull from plant life and small animals and humans. The thing about my magic was that it didn’t discriminate. Anything that contained energy was fair game to be pulled from. I wasn’t worried about hiding my sword this time because I would be concealing myself until I found my Vamp, and then I would be using the sword, so I wouldn’t have any use for it being hidden. 
Dark Elves are able to conceal themselves just like Light Elves only they use the darkness. Their magic is connected to the dark, so they use it to make them shadow. Luckily, one of my adoring fans from last night was a Dark Elf, so I used their magic to conceal myself and used the Vamp magic I had taken to quickly make my way past the bouncer and into the club. The band was playing already, and Dan was filling in as singer. I spotted Roman sitting in his usual spot in VIP, and I worked my way toward him.
There were just as many people here tonight as there had been last night, and as I got closer to Roman, I dropped my concealment. That turned out to be a mistake because I was recognized immediately. I could hear people say my name as I passed, but I ignored them. Then I heard the music stop and Dan’s voice come over the microphone. “Sunny. You’re finally here.” I ignored him too.
The bouncer at the entrance to VIP eyed me warily but didn’t make a move to stop me. Good for him. I continued to walk straight up to Roman and pulled my blade as I went until it was pointed directly at his neck. He didn’t bother to even move from his seat.
“Where is he?”
“I’m afraid you’ll need to be a bit more specific than that, Sunshine.”
“Where is Tristan?”
“I wouldn’t know where the boy is. Perhaps he grew weary of you.”
I called on Werewolf magic and backhanded him before placing the blade to his throat again. “Where is he?”
He wiped the blood off his lip. “I told you I don’t know.”
“You threaten to kill him, then the next night he’s taken by a Vamp, and yet you expect me to believe you had nothing to do with it?”
“I don’t really care what you believe. I’ve told you the truth. I had nothing to do with the child’s disappearance.”
Suddenly there was a knife to my throat. “Lower your weapon or I will kill you.”
I smiled. Carly should have known better than that. I reached up and used Witch magic to cast a simple spell that would hold her in place, and then I began pulling her magic into me. After several seconds, she fell to her knees, and I turned to look at her without breaking contact with her hand. 
“That is enough,” Roman told me, but I ignored him.
I looked her in the eyes. “The next time you hold a blade to my neck, you had better kill me because I will kill you.” I released her, and she fell to the floor. “I want my boy back, Roman. I will destroy this world if I have to, but I will get him back.”
I used the Djinn’s magic to teleport to the stage and took the mic from Dan. “Someone was taken from me. Someone I care for deeply, and I will not stop until he is returned. Spread the word because whoever stole him is dead. It’s just a matter of time.”
With that, I teleported out of the club and to Lucian’s. I took a moment to get my emotions in order. I didn’t know what to think. Roman was the top suspect, but he didn’t seem to be lying when he said he knew nothing of Tristan’s disappearance.
“Are you just going to stand out here all night?” Lucian asked from the darkness surrounding me. 
I looked toward where the voice had come, and instantly he was standing in front of me. He took a second to look at me before he wrapped his strong arms around me. I tried to keep my tears in, and only a few managed to escape as Lucian held me. 
After a few minutes, he pulled back. “Come inside and tell me all you know about his disappearance.”
It didn’t surprise me he knew why I was here. Lucian had ways of acquiring information I would never know about. He led me inside, and Brennan took one look at me before she too was hugging me profusely. I let her hold on for a few seconds before I moved us to the sitting room. Lucian handed me a cup of tea, and I accepted it gratefully. 
We just sat there in silence for a moment while I gathered my thoughts, then I began telling them everything I knew about Tristan’s abduction. When I finished, Lucian seemed to be thoughtful for several minutes. Finally, he got up and began to slowly pace the floor. 
“You can stop with these silly notions that Roman took him. That should help you concentrate on finding the real villain.”
“He held Tristan over the side of a building and threatened to kill him just two nights ago. I think it’s safe to assume he had something to do with this.”
“And I am telling you he did not.”
“Why would you think he’s innocent? Because the two of you are buddies?”
“I am sure he didn’t do it because he spent the majority of last night here with me.”
Brennan was nodding her head in agreement.
“Why would he be here?”
“We were talking about…things.”
“Things? You mean me. Did you tell him Tristan is my son?”
“No. He told me of the events on the roof, but I thought it should be your decision to tell him the truth or not. I did say to him that your relationship with Tristan wasn’t as it seemed, but that was all.”
“So he still thought Tristan was my lover, and after he left here, he went and abducted him.”
“He wouldn’t do that. No matter how much he did not want Tristan in the picture, he would not have harmed him. I also told him that Tristan was important to me, and if anything happened to him, I would not be happy. Do you think I would defend someone I truly thought may have abducted my grandson?”
“I don’t know, Lucian. I keep learning more and more about how close you and Roman are, and don’t get me wrong, but you aren’t exactly that friendly toward Tristan.”
His eyes widened. “He is my grandchild. I merely mean to guide him into the man I know he will one day be. I have known Roman for centuries, but that is not to say I would choose him over Tristan.”
“I’m sorry. It’s just that if it wasn’t Roman, who was it? I have never seen the Vampere, who took him. I have no idea if he was working alone or for someone. Where do I even begin to find any information?”
Lucian walked over to me and put his hands on my shoulders. “You need to stop thinking as a mother and start thinking like the agent I know you to be. If you allow your emotions to cloud your judgments, you will never find him.”
A tear slipped from my eye, and he wiped it away. It was easy to talk about not letting my emotions control me, but my mind was screaming that my boy was gone. He could be being beaten right now while I sat here and did nothing. He could already be dead. No, I wouldn’t go there. I couldn’t go there. 
“Stop. Your thoughts will be your downfall. The mind is a dangerous thing especially when it is lost.” He seemed thoughtful for a moment. “Perhaps there is one who can help you. She knows all, but it has warped her mind and forced her into hiding, though she may be willing to help you this once.”
“Tell me, Father. The sooner I get Tristan back, the better.”
“Her name is Aerystasia. She is the strongest Oracle to have ever lived. She is ancient, and she will know what you seek before you ask it. Whether she will tell you, the answer you want is the true mystery.”
“It’s worth a try.”
“I’ll come with you,” Brennan piped in.
She had been so silent while Lucian and I talked that I had forgotten she was here. “No, Brennan. You don’t have control of your magic yet, and if this woman is as old as Lucian says, she will be very dangerous.”
“That’s why you need me. My magic is strong.”
“Yes, it is. That is why you need to learn to control it.”
She huffed and for a moment I thought she would continue to argue, but instead she held out her hand. “Then take some of my magic. It’s getting stronger as the meds wear off, and you taking some of it will help me and you both.”
“Are you sure?”
She nodded. 
“Then I thank you and accept your offer.”
I reached out and took her hand. I pulled in as much as I could stand to take before squeezing her hand once and releasing it. 
“I will open a portal for you to get to Aerystasia’s,” Lucian offered. 
“How will I get back?”
“That will be for you to figure out. If you are really lucky, Aerystasia.”
“Great. I have to rely on the crazy, über-powerful oracle. Thanks, Father.”
“You are quite welcome, Daughter.” He winked at me. 
He waved his hands in front of him, and the air began to distort. After a moment, he pulled his hands back and nodded to me. I nodded back and walked through the portal. 


Chapter Fifteen
“Crazy cave lady”


I came out in a cave. WTF? Why was I in a cave?
“Because you have to ask me where your son is. Or at least that’s what one voice says.”
I turned to see an old woman approach me. She was dressed in rags, and her hair looked to have either fallen out or been pulled out in places while the rest looked as though it hadn’t been brushed for centuries. There was dirt all over her, and her hands had several scratches on them with the nails broken and jagged. There was a light surrounding her, but it didn’t seem to be coming from her. It just moved with her, lighting her way. 
I curtsied to the best of my ability. “Aerystasia.”
“Get up, girl. I know my damn name. At least I haven’t lost that yet.”
“Uh, sorry. I was just trying to show you some respect.”
“You want to show me some respect? Next time, don’t come to me with your problems. There are so many thoughts and strings. Thousands of strings. If you pluck just one, just one, the whole thing might unravel. I hate when the strings become tangled. It takes forever to get the knot out. Still trying to get the knot out.”
Okay. Let’s try to move this along. “I’ve come to ask you if you will tell me where my son is.” I didn’t bother to ask if she knew where he was because more than likely she did.
“I’m not omnipotent. I only know what I’m supposed to know, and yes, his whereabouts are one of those things.”
“Um, okay. So you will tell me?”
“I can tell you much, child. Some you will want to know. Most you will not.”
“Right now I only want to know about my son.”
“He is alive. That is all. You must pick your allies for the coming battle. The Vampere would not be a bad choice.”
“What battle? Which Vampere? Where is my son?”
“So many questions. Always questions. What it would be like to be the one told for once.”
“I will tell you something if you would permit me.”
She tilted her head, and I worked hard on thinking about anything except what I had planned to do. 
“You will. I grant you permission.”
Before I could think better of it, I reached out and touched her arm. Images flooded my senses so fast I felt lightheaded. Pain was the one sense that accompanied it all. I released her arm and took a step back. Before the images could leave me, I sorted through what I could make sense of. 
She had been alone her entire life. Put on display as a child by her father and demanded to give premonition after premonition, she finally managed to get away from his controlling hand, only after his death. Others have tried to control her, but she learned how to be cunning and led them to their death until no one would try to take advantage of her again.
Even with that freedom, she was a slave to the voices. They seldom let her sleep and constantly told her secrets, futures, deaths, she had seen and experienced it all. There was but one person in the whole world she was never able to read, a man she met in a chance encounter and then he was gone. It was only after his departure she realized she knew nothing about him. All of her life, she knew everything about everyone. More secrets than she ever wanted to know. And yet with this one man, she knew nothing.
That was the information I needed to seek. I need to find this man for her. He will be her salvation. With the thoughts, I heard whispers from within, her magic at work telling me everything—all that I might want to know and all that I didn’t want to know. I asked the voices where my son was, and they went silent. No wonder she was crazy. All the information about anyone except the one you really wanted to know about. 
I put thoughts of Tristan aside. If I were lucky, she would help me find him. Instead, I thought about the man she could know nothing about. Because he wasn’t connected to me, the voices immediately started telling me everything. I turned to Aerystasia and smiled. 
“He is a Djinn.”
Her eyes widened.
“He is alone. As you’ve never forgotten him, the same can be said for him about you. If you leave tonight and follow the North Star, you will find him.”
There were tears in her eyes, and she didn’t speak for several minutes. Finally, she looked down at herself and seemed to notice the state she was in for the first time. As she looked back up at me, she was a young woman in her twenties with golden locks flowing down her back and the sheath style dress she wore was pristine white. She smiled at me, and I smiled back.
“I thank you for your gift, child. It is the first true gift I have ever received. In return, I will ease your burden.”
“You’ll tell me where Tristan is?”
She shook her head slightly. “That I cannot do, for it would do him a great disservice. I will, however, allow you to rest. When you awake, you will know your son’s location.” She smiled again. “Oh, and be prepared to beg.”
My brows drew together. Beg? She reached out and touched me, and I knew no more. 
I was floating happily, and when I landed, I was on a trail in the woods. I looked around but didn’t see anything familiar.
“Is this the fastest you can go? You’re like a sloth.”
Roman was standing in front of me smiling as he teased. It wasn’t the Roman I left in his bar earlier, but the older version I had known years before. He took my hand, and we started along the trail again. “Come on. It’s only a little farther, and I want to get there before it’s too late.”
Too late? Wait. Something about this seemed familiar. I followed him through the woods up a slow incline until finally, the trees opened, and I saw a large meadow that led up to a cliff overlooking the canyon below. Now I knew why this seemed familiar.
The sun was about to set, and that was obviously why he had wanted to hurry. I also saw that a blanket had been laid out, and there was a picnic basket sitting on top.
“Wow. You’ve gone all out,” I heard myself say. 
“You’re worth it. Have a seat and I’ll pour the wine.”
I sat down on the blanket, and he poured us wine before sitting beside me. We could watch the sun’s full descent from our perch, and it was perfect. Slowly the sky turned from a brilliant blue to an orange before turning red and finally becoming purple. 
“That was beautiful.”
“You are beautiful, Sunshine. My very own light in the dark. Without you, I would live in eternal darkness.”
“I don’t know about being a light.”
He kissed me instead of responding. When I was completely breathless, he pulled back and just looked at me until I began to feel self-conscious.
“Will you marry me, Sunshine?”
“What?”
Out of nowhere, he held a ring in his hand. “I asked if you would marry me.”
“I, I don’t know what to say.”
“Say yes.”
I looked into his eyes to see he was sincere. It was apparent he was eagerly waiting for my answer. “Yes.”
His face broke into a smile, and he kissed me again even more passionately. After a moment, he seemed to come to his senses because he pulled back and took my hand before sliding the ring in place. I looked at it. It was beautiful. Simple but perfect in its simplicity, and it appeared to be old. I’m talking belonging-in-the-Smithsonian old.
“It’s amazing.”
“I’m glad you like it. It was my mother’s. It’s been in our family for a very long time.”
“It looks old. When was it made?”
He shrugged. “Probably around six hundred AD.”
“Are you kidding me? You just gave me a relic to wear on my hand.”
“It belongs to me, and now it belongs to you.”
“How did you keep it shiny for so long?”
It appeared to be made out of silver. Didn’t that tarnish after a while?
He laughed at my absurd question. “I have an excellent jeweler.”
“All right. I’ll try to be careful with it.”
“Don’t fret, Sunshine. It is but a symbol.”
“A very old symbol.”
“Do you not like old things?”
“I do. It’s just that I don’t want anything to happen to it.”
“Then it won’t.” He looked out into the darkened sky for a few moments, and I used what light there was to watch his profile. After a little while, he turned back to me with an almost worried expression. What could he be worried about? I already said yes.
“If I asked you to spend the rest of eternity with me, would you?”
“What are you talking about? I just told you I would marry you.”
“What if I wanted more than just words in front of a judge?”
“Is that all marriage is to you?”
“That is what it is to most people.”
“Well, not to me. It means you dedicate yourself to that person for the rest of your life. I know that makes me sound like a hypocrite since I’ve been divorced before, but that is what I believe. You’re right. Not everyone believes that. My ex-husband, for example, but I do.”
“Then you will agree to be with me for the rest of my life? However long that might be?”
“Do you think you’re going to die soon?”
His brows drew together. “No, why would you think that?”
“Because you said however long that might be. Like you think you might kick the bucket in a few days.”
He laughed softly. “No. I referred to if I have an exceptionally long life.”
“You think you’re going to outlive me?”
“No. I believe that we will both live an exceptionally long time. Sometimes people grow weary of each other. I only hope that will not happen with you.”
“You think you’re going to grow tired of me before we die?”
“I meant you may grow tired of me.”
“Are you kidding? That could never happen, Roman. You are the only man I will love for eternity.”
He smiled again. “That, my lovely Sunshine, is exactly what I wanted to hear.”
My phone was ringing. I jumped up out of bed and looked around. I was in my bedroom. How did I get out of the cave? My phone stopped ringing and immediately started again. I answered without looking at the ID.
“This is Sunny.”
“You need to come to my club now before it’s too late.”
“Roman? Why? Did you find Tristan?”
“He was dumped in the employee lot. Carly found him a few moments ago. You need to come quickly.”
I didn’t even bother hanging up the phone. Instead, using Djinn magic, I teleported straight to the club.


Chapter Sixteen
“Going into debt”


I was standing in the middle of the club, but I didn’t see anyone. I started for the hallway leading back to the employee lot when the door opened, and Carly motioned for me to follow. She moved around me and led the way to a room that was obviously an employee lounge. There were a couple of tables in the middle of the room with a counter running around the perimeter and cabinets above it. A microwave sat to one side with a coffee maker beside it. Toward the back was a couch and lying on it was my son.
I ran to him and fell to my knees. He looked so beaten and bloodied that I had to put my ear to his mouth to make sure he was breathing. I could barely feel air coming in and out. I took another look at him. Both of his arms appeared to be broken with one actually bent backward. His legs looked to be in the same shape. I looked at his beautiful face to see a huge gash running from his right temple, bisecting the outer edge of his right eye, along his cheek, and down to his jaw.
I tried to use the rest of my Witch magic to heal him, but it wasn’t nearly enough. “Oh, my poor boy. How could I let this happen to you?”
“It is not your fault.”
I turned to look at Roman. He was standing in the back corner of the room watching us. Instantly, I knew what Aerystasia meant when she told me to be prepared to beg.
“Please, Roman, don’t let him die. Not like this. Please save him.”
His brows drew together for a moment before he realized my intention, and he looked horrified. “I can’t do that Sunshine. Ask anything of me, but not this.”
“He’ll die. There is no way a human doctor could save him.”
“You don’t know that. If we leave now, he’ll stand a chance.”
“You know that’s not true. He’ll die, and I’ll be alone again.”
He came closer and knelt beside me. “I would do almost anything you ask me to. But how can you ask for this?”
“Because he’s my son. You asked me if I loved him, and I said yes. That was the truth. I love him like any mother loves her child.” I reached over and grabbed his hand. “Please, Roman. A mother isn’t supposed to outlive her children. I’ve already had to do it once. I will do anything, anything at all if you will turn him.”
He hesitated. “It’s against the rules.”
“I had him sign consent when he first started working with the council.”
He bowed his head for a moment before sighing and looking me in the eyes. He reached forward and ran his hand down the length of my hair, then let it rest on my shoulder. “You say anything. I want your word.”
“You have it. By all that I am, I will do anything you want in exchange for my son’s life.”
He nodded once to me, then reached back up and wiped a tear away. “I will do as you ask.”
He stood, picked up Tristan, and left the room. I followed, but as he reached the stairs to his office, he shook his head at me before ascending them.
Great. Now, what am I supposed to do? I looked around and found Carly behind the bar pouring a drink. That sounded like a wonderful idea. I sat on the stool in front of her, and she slid a glass over. I downed it in one gulp, then set it back on the counter. She filled it again.
“For the record, that was a low-ball move.”
I sighed. “To which move are you referring? I’ve done so many it’s hard to keep up.”
“Somehow that doesn’t surprise me. I was talking about telling Roman Tristan was your lover. I knew something wasn’t right with that, but I just couldn’t put my finger on it. I mean, every time we were alone, he was hitting on me nonstop. I thought maybe he was just tired of having such an old lover, but now I know he was just sticking to the part when he was with you.”
“Yep. You hit the nail on the head. Well, except the old lover part. Just so we’re clear, though, I didn’t actually tell Roman that Tristan was my lover. He assumed it, and you know what that makes out of you.”
She let out a short laugh before downing her own shot. “You’re not lying, are you?”
“I’m not sure what you’re referring to again, but I’ll just say that nothing I’ve said since entering this club tonight was a lie.”
“Good. I will have to kill you if you hurt Roman again.”
“What’s the deal with you two anyway? It’s obvious you have a thing for him. I would think you would want me to hurt him. Maybe leave things open for you to come in and pick up the pieces.”
“I would never want him hurt, even if that means we’re not together. The truth is he told me from the beginning he would never care for me that way. I just didn’t want to believe it.”
I picked up my refilled glass and wove it around as I spoke. “In the great words of Nazareth, love hurts—and all that stuff.”
She picked up her drink and clinked it against mine before drinking. I sat my glass back down.
“Carly, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have taken your magic last night or whenever that was.”
“It was last night. You were really a mess over Tristan, weren’t you?”
“Too much of a mess, but it was the Oracle putting me under that has my time all wonky.”
“Oracle? I’m not even going to ask.”
“Good. It was a kind of weird experience. So what’s your story?”
She shrugged. “Roman saved me. I volunteered to be his security as repayment.”
I didn’t bother to ask how he had saved her. That was her own business. “And you haven’t paid that debt off yet?”
She just looked at me and smiled. We both knew why she was still here.
I spent the next several hours pacing the floors of the club. Several times, I thought about just barging into Roman’s office and demanding an update on Tristan’s condition. Finally, I couldn’t stand it anymore. It had been over four hours. The sun had fully risen in the sky, and I needed some peace. I slowly ascended the stairs until I reached Roman’s office door; then I knocked softly. I felt like a kid getting caught out of bed after bedtime.
“Come in, Sunshine.”
I released the breath I didn’t realize I had been holding and opened the door slowly to find Roman sitting on one of the couches with a drink in hand. I entered the room tentatively looking around for Tristan.
“He’s not here. I took him to my home for the change.”
“Is…is he okay?”
“He survived the change, so yes.”
“Good. Thank you, Roman. I know you didn’t want to do it and making a child is a big deal, so I’m really grateful.”
“Do you know about the bond between sire and child? Really?”
“I know the sire treats the child as a child until they’re old enough to live on their own.”
He looked at his drink for a moment. “It is more than that. The bond between sire and child is irrefutable. It is not something the sire chooses. It is something ingrained in both Vampere.”
“I’m not sure where you’re going with this.”
He sighed. “I’m telling you that Tristan is no longer yours. He is mine. Body and soul. He is my only child and will be mine for the rest of his days.”
“Are you saying you’re not going to let me see him anymore?”
“For now. When a Vampere is made, they have to relearn everything from walking to picking up a cup. He is now seeing and feeling everything differently than ever before. I will have to teach him how to do all of this. Until he’s mastered these basic functions, I think it would be best for everyone that you don’t see him.”
“He’s my son, Roman. I raised him from age three. There is nothing regarding him that I can’t handle.”
“You are wrong. He is no longer your son. That child died tonight and mine was reborn.”
“You’re not taking my son from me. I’ll give you some time to explain everything to him, but I’m not just going to abandon him.”
“Suit yourself. You can go home for tonight.”
“I thought the change took several hours to finish.”
“He has been through the hardest part and survived. It is unlikely he will not make it through the rest.”
“How do you know he’s okay?”
He huffed. “I know.”
“I’ll wait here until he’s completed the change.”
He sighed. “Fine. You can sleep on the couch.”
I looked at the couch opposite him.
“Just get on it. I can assure you no diseases are running abound.”
“Um, what about…uh, fluids.”
He laughed. “There are no fluids either, so you’re safe.”
I tentatively sat down. He walked to the corner and opened a cabinet door pulling out a blanket. He walked back over and sat it on the ottoman in front of the couch before taking a seat next to me.
“Wow. You have it all here, don’t you? A lot of your lovers stay the night on the couches?”
He looked at me contemplative. “Fishing for information about my personal life? No, Sunshine.” I rolled my eyes, and he continued. “I usually send them on their way with a slap on the rear. Would you like a demonstration?”
“No thanks.”
“Good. I fear I’m not feeling quite up to par tonight.”
“Did it take a lot to change him?”
“More than I thought, which is not a surprise given I’ve never done it before. But don’t worry yourself. I’ll be right as rain tomorrow.”
“Okay. I guess I’ll go back to singing tomorrow night. Now more than ever, I need to catch these guys.”
I would ask Roman to question Tristan, but it’s likely he wouldn’t remember anything about the experience, especially since he was under Vampere influence.
“Do you think everyone will just forget your little show from earlier?” he asked.
“I hope they will realize I was doing what I had to to find my son.”
He raised a brow. “No, this time, we will do things my way.”
I raised a brow back. “Since when do you get to tell me what to do?”
“Since you pledged your word to do anything in exchange for your son’s life.”
My mouth dropped open. Did he think he controlled me now? “Fine. If pretending to be your lover until these killers are caught is all I have to do, then so be it.”
He laughed. “Oh, you won’t be getting off that easy. Remember that I will have to teach and protect Tristan until he reaches his full power.”
“You expect me to be your slave for the next hundred years!”
He seemed thoughtful. “Hm. Slave, I like the sound of that.”
“Dream on, Vamp. I said I would do anything in exchange for Tristan’s life, not everything.”
“Oh, should I end him now then?”
I narrowed my eyes at him, and he just stared back. After a moment, I smiled. “You wouldn’t. There is no way you would create a child just to destroy him. As you said, there is a bond between you now.”
He smiled in return. “Touché. Still, you must admit one small task like pretending to be my lover hardly encompasses anything. You will do what I say until I deem you have paid your debt in full.”
“Or?”
“You do wish to see your son again, don’t you?”
“You wouldn’t.”
He tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. “You obviously don’t know me as well as I thought. See, I always get what I want—one way or another.”
 “Always seems like a bit of a stretch, don’t you think?”
“Always.” He shrugged in concession. “Eventually. Lucky for you, I’m a patient man.”
“Whatever. Leave me alone. I need to catch some Zs on your hoochie couch.”
He stood up. “Get used to it. I have a feeling you’ll be spending plenty of time on it.”
I ignored him.


Chapter Seventeen
“Playing the part”


I woke that afternoon to find Roman sitting on the opposite couch, watching me. Now that wasn’t creepy at all. I sat up and raised a brow at him. He sat back and put one arm on the back of the couch while crossing his ankle over the opposite knee.
“How is Tristan?” 
“He finished the change and has fed for the first time as a Vampere, so it is evident he will be fine. I thought it would be prudent to discuss your role as my lover.”
I rolled my eyes. “I know how to act like I like someone even if I don’t.”
“You cut me to the quick, Sunshine. I merely meant that it is expected of you to not only provide me with sex but blood as well. All will know you are not truly mine if I don’t take from you.”
Oh, hell no! A Vampere feeding can be an extremely intimate experience, especially if both parties are already attracted to each other. “And how will they possibly know that you haven’t taken from me? It’s not like you usually feed in front of everyone or leave hickeys.”
He tapped his nose. “It’s all in the smell, love. Not only mine but yours as well.”
“You’re saying that someone could smell me and tell if I let you feed off me?”
“A Vampere could, yes.”
“Then I’ll just have to keep my distance from them because I refuse to be your afternoon snack.”
“Sunshine, be reasonable. You are bound to be around them at the club. How will you convince them you are mine when you don’t even let me feed?”
I shrugged. “Don’t really care. I was yours before without being your blood donor.”
“That situation was different, and you know it. And if the killer suspects you are here for reasons other than what you say, would you really let him go free because you don’t want to feed me?”
“I’m more concerned with the Vampere that took my son. Don’t think you’re off the hook for that one. It’s awfully convenient that the killer dumped him at your club.”
“Or they left him here because they knew you would find him. His being dropped here was most likely a message, or to ruin me further. Not to mention your little show last night; at the rate you are going, I will be lucky to have a club in a few weeks.”
“Don’t blame me because you can’t protect your own clientele.”
“And don’t blame me because you can’t protect your own son.”
I lunged at him, and before he could move, I had his arms pinned at his sides with my knees. A smile passed over my face as I looked him in the eyes. Then I put my hands on both sides of his head and twisted as hard as I could until I felt his neck break.
“I’m sorry, Sunshine. I shouldn’t have said that.”
He woke me from my fantasy, and I eyed him evilly. “I’m not feeding you, Roman, and that is the end of this story.” I stood up and started toward the door. “I’m going home for a shower and to prepare mentally before tonight’s performance.”
“Will it be so hard to play the part of my lover? I seem to remember you pulling it off beautifully.”
“That was a long time ago, and before I was freed from your lies.”
He looked away, and I took my leave of him.
When I got back to my house, a deliveryman was ringing the buzzer at the gate. 
“Can I help you?”
“That depends. Are you Sunny Dubois?”
“That depends. Who are you, and why are you at my gate?”
“Whoa. Slow down, sugar. Just delivering a package is all.”
He held out a clipboard for me to sign. I took it suspiciously and signed my name. Once I handed it back to him, he pulled a package out of the back of his van and tipped his hat to me before getting in. I looked at the package while he was backing out of the drive. The return address was from Canada so either K had sent me something, or the alpha wants me to go steady. I’m betting on K. 
I drove up to the house and went inside before opening my package. When I lifted the lid off the box, there was a note lying on top of something wrapped in tissue paper. I picked up the note and read it.

Sunny,
I’m sorry I didn’t have time to force you to go bridesmaid shopping with me. I’m sure you will get over it, though. When I saw this dress, I envisioned you in it. Hope it fits as well as I know it will. Can’t wait to see you Saturday. I’ve attached directions.
Much love,
K

I put down the note and moved the tissue paper aside. There was a charcoal gray dress inside. I lifted it out and saw there wasn’t much to it. It was strapless and would probably only come to mid-thigh. I did love the color. It was much better than the pink dress I had to wear when my sister had gotten married. Of course, that was over sixty years ago. Style had changed quite a bit since then, and if I had to wear a dress, I was glad it wasn’t that big, poofy, ruffled, hot-pink thing I was drowning in all those years ago. I shuddered just thinking about it.
I held the dress up in front of me in the mirror. I was right. It did only come to mid-thigh, and a second look in the box showed a pair of silver four-inch heels. Hopefully, I wouldn’t look like I belonged on a street corner in this getup. There was nothing I could do about it now, so I took it upstairs, hung the dress in my closet, and placed the shoes on the floor beneath. They looked out of place among my T-shirts, jeans, boots, and sneakers. Just the thought made me dread this upcoming event. 
After a shower and quick meal, I headed back to Eternal Darkness. I really wanted to press Roman to let me see Tristan, but I knew that newly made Vampere need to rest and come to terms with their new selves. And I knew Roman wouldn’t want me to see Tristan until he thought he was ready. I’d wait for now and concentrate solely on finding the asshole that did this to him. A smile crossed my face as I thought about what I would do to that Vamp. I could promise his fortune cookie would be blank.
“Oh, it’s you.”
“Aw, such a heartfelt welcome. Thanks, Carly. I love you too.”
She rolled her eyes and started down the hall leaving me to close the door. And here I thought we had a real connection last night. Guess that was just the booze talking. She turned around halfway down the hall, and I about ran into her.
“Roman told me the new plan. If you hurt him again, I will kill you. I tried to talk him out of this stupid idea, but he won’t listen to reason when it comes to you.”
“Jealousy is such an ugly emotion. Wouldn’t you agree?”
Her eyes narrowed. “You don’t think I can kill you? I can make your karma so horrible you’ll be dead in a week.”
“You wouldn’t do that unless you’re stupid. Any rookie knows better than to mess with fate. If you aren’t woman enough to put a blade in me, then you aren’t worth my time.”
I pushed past her and walked through the door that led to the main club. Roman was there talking to Charles and another Vamp. I walked up and gave him a kiss on the cheek before wrapping my arm around him and standing at his side. I didn’t know if he told all of his security about the arrangement, but I figured it was better to play it out for everyone. Besides, other than Charles, I didn’t know any of the security. They could be the killer for all I knew. 
“Hey, Romy.” The nickname would serve two purposes. First, it sounded endearing, and second, I knew Roman would hate it.
He looked at me with a sly smile. “Hello, Sunshine. Did you manage to get any sleep while you were away?”
I smiled back realizing what he was implying. “I got a couple of hours.”
“I suppose that will have to sustain you.” He turned back to the other Vamps. “You know your places. Charles, I’ll leave it to you to tell the others.”
“Yes, sir.” Charles nodded to Roman and then to me. When his head came back up, he winked at me with a smile while I rolled my eyes in return. The other Vamp nodded as well, then they both left the club area. 
I stayed in my position with Roman and whispered in his ear. “Do they know the truth?”
He smiled and shook his head slightly. “My, you are insatiable. I’m sure you can wait until after the show.”
I looked around. There were several servers and a couple of bouncers nearby getting everything ready for tonight’s opening. Great. Now everyone in the immediate area thinks I was asking him for sex and got shot down. I stuck my tongue out at him and walked over to the stage where the guys were practicing. 
“Hey, fellas.”
They all looked at me warily. 
“Oh, come on. We were cool two days ago. Sure I acted like a freak last night, but my kid got stolen. How would you act if your child was kidnapped?”
“Your kid was taken? I didn’t even know you had a kid. Do you know who took him?” Dan asked. 
“Not yet, but like I said last night, whoever did it is a dead man.”
“No wonder you went all The Shining on us.”
“Really? That’s what you compare me to? Jack Nicholson in The Shining.”
“What? No, I was referring to that creepy kid that kept saying, ‘Redrum, redrum.’ You were totally putting out the crazy death-foreteller vibes last night.”
“Thanks, Dan. That’s just what I was going for.”
“You’re totally good at it.”
Apparently, he didn’t know what sarcasm was. “Are we going to practice or what?”
“As long as you’re not going to freak out and kill the crowd, I don’t think we need to practice. We’re already warmed up, and since I’m not singing, I’m good.”
“No promises. Do you think anyone will even show tonight after what happened?”
“I got a boatload of calls today from peeps asking if you were singing tonight,” Keith said.
“What did you tell them?”
“I told them they would just have to come to the club and find out.”
“Do you think they wanted to know because they didn’t want to come if I was going to be here or because they wanted me to be here?”
He shrugged. I looked at Dan, who looked just as uncertain. Well, we would find out in a few minutes.
We retired backstage while the club opened and everyone got ready for the night’s performance. A look at the crowd showed it was just as big as the other night, and Dan said there were even more people outside waiting than before. He also told me that Roman had set up a sort of outside party area in the event of another large crowd. Apparently, the empty lot next to the club was also owned by Roman. He had it cleared and added some lighting, a couple of big-screen TVs broadcasting the show and a portable bar completed the area. It was open for those that were waiting to get inside. That way even though they couldn’t see me live they could still experience the show, and he would make a boatload of money off the drinks he sold. 
It didn’t really surprise me that Roman had thought of that. He had always been really good when it came to making money. I remember the first time I visited his home in Las Vegas. My jaw had road rash from dragging on the driveway leading up to the estate. I asked him how a psychologist could afford such an enormous home, and he had told me he came from old money. Now I knew that the money was old and so was he. One could accumulate quite the savings after being around a thousand years.
Roman came backstage just as we were about to begin. He walked up to me and put his hand to my face softly then rubbed his thumb across my bottom lip. 
“I will be walking you out tonight, Sunshine.”
“Uh, okay. Why?”
He just smiled at me before turning to the other members. “Are you ready?”
There was a round of yeses, and Roman motioned for me to precede him. When I walked out on the stage, everyone stopped and watched me. I could honestly say that I didn’t think I would ever get used to that. 
Roman grabbed the mic off the stand. “Thank you all for coming, both those inside the club and those joining us outside. I am happy to say that our beautiful, little thief has decided to join us again and will be staying for some time. The reason for her outburst last night was due to someone making an attack on one that she considers hers. I can assure you this attack will not be tolerated. Together we will find them, and together we will make them pay. Until then, I have persuaded her to stay here with me, and I can also assure you my powers of persuasion are quite exemplary. Now without any more posturing, I give you the lovely and incredibly talented Sunny Dubois.”
I stepped forward, and everyone went crazy. That was the only way I know to explain it. They were clapping and screaming and jumping up and down—crazy. Roman handed me the mic as he gave me a quick kiss. When he turned to walk away, he gave me a pat on the rump. I turned and narrowed my eyes at his retreating backside. Two could play at that game. Just not now. Now I had a room full of people watching me intently. Not to mention the ones outside that I couldn’t see. 
“Uh, thanks for coming. I hope not to disappoint.”
Again with the craziness. I motioned for the other band members to save me, and they quickly got into position. 
We played through our first set, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. When we took our break midway through the night, Roman was waiting for me. I rushed into his arms as though I couldn’t wait. As he engulfed me in a hug, I reached down and pinched his ass none too lightly. Roman released me, and when I looked up at him adoringly, he had a smirk on his face.
“Lover, always with the foreplay.”
“What can I say? Sometimes I’m uncontrollable.”  
His eyes were smoldering. “I can attest to that.”
“Roman, aren’t you going to introduce us to your new plaything?”
 I raised a brow, and he shot me a warning look. He turned with a smile to the man and two women standing behind him. 
“Sunshine, I would like you to meet a few of the local business owners. This is Marie Deluca. Marie owns a local floral shop. Emily Bowers. She owns an apothecary. And David Michaels, who owns the grocery store down the street. Everyone, this is Sunny Dubois.”
WTF? Why is he introducing me to these people? What is this, bridge night? “Um, nice to meet you all.”
Marie, who was a buxom blonde and obviously Vamp, turned her nose up at me while Emily, a shifter if I had to guess, practically clung to Marie’s skirt tails. David—definitely Elf, and, judging by his magic, of the dark variety—was eyeing me curiously. In the end, he was the one to break the ice.
“The pleasure is all mine, Sunny,” he said as he reached forward to shake my hand. 
I stuck mine out, but he seemed to realize what that meant and pulled his back before I could make contact. I smiled at him, at least he thought about shaking my hand. That made him either friendly or stupid. I wasn’t sure which yet.
Marie looked down her nose at me and sniffed. “The Thief. Roman could do better.”
“You mean you? I’m fairly certain he’s been there, done that, and, from what I heard, found you lacking.” I’ve never even heard of this chick before, but if she wanted to talk trash she just found her opponent.
“Now, now, love. No need for bad-mouthing,” Roman chided me.
I looked at him wide-eyed. That bitch started it, and he was telling me not to talk smack? If he didn’t watch it, I would be doing more than talking. “Well, I think I’ll talk with the fellas for a minute before we start back. If you’ll excuse me.” I gave Roman a peck on the cheek and walked away as fast as I could. 
The guys liked to hang out in the employee lounge during breaks, and I seldom joined them, but if it would get me away from Miss Clairol back there, then I’m their new best friend. As I reached the door to the lounge, a hand shot forward and opened it for me. I looked over to find the Vamp that Charles and Roman had been talking to earlier. He opened the door for me, and I stepped through. I expected him to have a seat or fix a cup of coffee or do something else that a normal person does in a break room, but he just went to a corner and stood there. Huh? Why would he be guarding the break room? Of course, I knew it wasn’t the break room itself, rather the certain girlfriend of the boss that was now in the break room. I decided to ignore him.
“Hey, guys.”
“Well look who’s slumming. What, tired of all your adoring fans already?” Dan said.
“It’s hard to be a rock star,” Keith said with a sigh.
“Ha-ha. Is it comedy hour and no one told me?”
“We’re full of good humor as long as you’re not going to go loco on us,” Curt, the bass guitarist, added.
“Baby, I was born loco. It’s just that some people bring out my evil side.”
“Remind me not to get on that list,” Dan said.
“What’s with the beef in the corner?” Keith asked.
I glanced at my new guard. “I guess that’s courtesy of my new BF.”
“Whoa. You’re hittin’ it with the big guy? No wonder you’re so popular around here,” Dan said.
“Yep, you figured it out. Everyone’s here because Roman paid them to come and make me feel like I was a good singer.”
Dan nodded. “Makes sense to me.”
I rolled my eyes.
“So how long has this been going on with you and the boss? Not that it’s really any of my business. I just wonder because last night you were all angel of vengeance with a sword to his throat. That was completely badass by the way,” Keith said.
“Why thank you, Keith. It was all for my fans.”
“You’re telling me you faked it? No way am I buying that.”
I just winked at him. “Let’s just say that we kissed and made up.”
“Okay, that’s all the info I need.”
“Wait a minute. You can go into more detail if you’d like. I wouldn’t even mind a demonstration myself,” Dan threw in.
“You will not talk to the Thief in such a manner.”
I turned to look at Beefcakes in the corner. So he did talk after all. “You don’t tell my friends how to speak to me.”
“I am ordered to not allow anyone to hit on you.”
“He’s my friend, and he was only joking. And if he wasn’t joking, I’m quite capable of telling him off myself.”
He shrugged. “Just doing my job, Thief.”
“It’s Sunny to you.”
He shrugged again but said no more. That was kind of childish to refuse to allow him to call me a nickname that I didn’t even choose, but others’ ignorance makes me childish. 
We talked for a few more minutes until our break was over, and our friend in the corner didn’t say anything else. Roman was waiting for me before I went on stage. He bent and kissed my neck, then whispered in my ear, “I thought you were here to find a killer. I introduce you to the top players in the Fort Worth underworld, and you snarl at one before leaving us.”
My eyes had to have been as big as quarters. They led the area’s illegal activity? No wonder Miss Clairol was such a rancid bitch.
“Uh, sorry, Romy. I’ll try to be better next time.”
He pulled back, then took my chin in his finger and thumb. “See that you do. I’ll be waiting for you after the show.” He kissed me softly before taking a couple of steps away from me.
I winked at him and started onstage. He tried to swat me again, but I managed to dodge. When I looked back, he had a smirk on his face. 
After the show, I was led straight to VIP, and I couldn’t believe it took five guards to hold back the partygoers, so I could make it there. Roman was standing next to a booth waiting for me while Miss Clairol and David Whatever-His-Name-Was were already sitting in the opposite seat. I pretended to be happy to be there, kissed Roman on the cheek, and slid on in. There was a server nearby, and I tipped my head to him. He was like a heat-seeking missile headed straight for our booth.
“Whiskey, please, the Scottish kind.”
“Double that,” Roman added.
The server nodded, then glanced at the others’ full drinks before rushing off to fill our orders. Roman slid closer and began playing with my hair while bringing it closer and breathing it in. 
“So, you’re the local crime lords. Guess I should show you more respect, or less, depending on how you look at it. David, you’re the grocery store owner. Let me see if I can guess. Drugs? No, that seems too cliché. Human trafficking? Nah.” I took another look at him. He was slender to the point of being scrawny and had a hawk nose with sunken eyes. He didn’t look like a typical crime lord. No, my guess, he had a bunch of goons handle his lightweight. He probably relied on his brains. I snapped my fingers. “Bookie. That’s got to be it. You run the bets in the back of your store? Or maybe a warehouse?”
His eyes narrowed, and I took that to be a yes. I could feel Roman tense beside me, but I wasn’t worried. He wanted me to meet these peeps, and he knew how unsocial I was, so he should have expected an awkward conversation.
I turned to the blonde. “Now for you, Miss Clairol. Roman said you run a florist shop. Hm. Now that will take some thought. What would a two-bit slut run out of her flower shop?” And then the lightbulb lit up. “What else would a ho sell but booty? Ding, ding, ding. I’ll take call girls for three hundred, Alex.” If looks could kill, I would once again be a puddle of goo on the floor, but I wasn’t done yet. “Wow. All that in under thirty seconds. Damn, I’m good.”
The server brought our drinks, and I took a sip.
“Do you think you could go for a little discretion?” Mr. Bookie said.
“Why? No one listens to me anyway, unless I’m on stage. Any other time, I might as well be speaking Hungarian.”
“Still. I wouldn’t want the wrong person to hear.”
“Oh, you mean like someone from the council? Maybe one of their agents?” I looked at them meaningfully. There was no sense in pretending they didn’t know exactly who I was and what I did for a living. “I can assure you the council doesn’t give a rat’s ass about a bookie and a madam. They have much bigger fish to fry. Unless you happen to be the one’s killing Vamps and leaving a trail of dead bodies between here and Dallas?”
They both looked at me as innocently as possible.
“No. I didn’t think so. Then you’re in the clear, except for you, Miss Clairol. You might want to have something done about those roots. They’re righteously bad.” I pointed to my head and pretended to shutter. “So, do either of you know anything about any Vampere being stolen? Or have any possible leads for me?”
Miss Clairol was envisioning my death again, but David shook his head. 
“Again, didn’t think so.” I downed my drink and turned to Roman. “I’ve had a long night, Romy. I think I’ll head home and make up for some of the sleep you kept me from last night, you being such an insatiable lover and all.”
Miss Clairol smirked. “You expect us to believe you satisfy him without even allowing him to feed?” She looked directly at Roman. “Don’t worry, lover. I’ll take care of you after she’s gone.”
Oh, no she didn’t! I reached across the table before the words were fully out of her mouth, grabbed her hand, and began pulling her magic into me. She tried to pull away, but I used Werewolf magic to hold onto her hand. 
“How will you do that when you’re dead? I mean, I’m sure an experienced girl like you knows how to give her blood as well as take it, but I don’t think even a woman of your skills can do that from her death bed.”
“Sunshine, I told you not to kill anyone in the club,” Roman said reasonably. 
I turned to look at him as I continued to slowly draw from the slut. “But, Romy, she’s a bitch. Just this once. Please.”
He looked at me with a smile but shook his head. I released her hand, and she immediately pulled it back. Leaning toward Roman, I kissed him deeply and allowed some of the magic I had taken in to be released. Vamps typically absorbed energy through the blood of those they fed from, and I usually couldn’t release the magic I absorb, but with us being intimate like this, he was able to take some of my excess. I wouldn’t be able to give him enough energy to equal a full feed, but it would suffice to prove to the others that I was indeed feeding him without actually having him bite me. 
After a moment, I ended the kiss and looked at Roman. He was invigorated both by the kiss itself and the magic he got from it. I turned back to the bitch. “If you are smart, you will never proposition him again. He is mine. Do you understand?”
She was looking a little green around the gills but managed a nod. I looked back to Roman. “Good. Now as I was saying, I’m going home for the evening. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Allow me to walk you to your car.” 
He slid out of the booth and held out his hand. I took it, and he walked me behind the stage and out to my car.
“Is there any news as far as Tristan?” I asked before I got in.
He shook his head. “No, but there is a soiree I must attend in two days’ time. I will expect you to accompany me.”
“How can I watch the club if I’m at some soiree?” I said soiree like it left a bad taste in my mouth.
“How can you play the part of my lover when you don’t accompany me? Besides, it is to be held at Augustus’ home. You may learn more about the Vampere who are being taken or who might want to harm them?”
“I don’t think I’m going to learn jack about this case there. You’re just trying to convince me to go.”
“All right. Allow me to put it this way. You will accompany me because you have given your word to do anything I ask in exchange for Tristan’s life. I will have a dress delivered to your home tomorrow.”
I opened my mouth to retort, but it was no use. He had pulled out the you’ll-do-anything-for-your-son’s-life card. Great. Two social engagements in one week—first, K’s wedding, now a Vampere soiree. What the hell did I do to deserve this?


Chapter Eighteen
“Catching the skinny on Pops”


The next day I went to see Lucian. I knew there was no point in telling him about Tristan becoming Vampere because he surely knew by now, but I wanted to see if he could shed some light on what this meant for him. I wouldn’t buy that bullshit about Tristan belonging to Roman unless I got a second opinion. And, probably not even then. 
“Come in, Daughter. I’m both relieved and saddened by Tristan’s predicament.”
My father gave me a hug before moving aside so I could enter the house. Brennan was standing in the entryway leading into the sitting room, and she was practically bouncing on her toes.
“Let me guess. You have something to show me?”
She let out a squeal. “Yes, come and sit down. Oh, and don’t worry about Tristan. Roman would never let anything happen to someone you care so much about.” 
I raised a brow, but she yanked me into the room and threw me into a chair, then stood back nervously in the center of the room.
“Well, on with it. I want to see this wonderment posthaste.”
She nodded, took a deep breath, and released it slowly. Then she held out her hand and concentrated on it so intently I thought her eyes might pop out of their sockets. After a minute, a small flame formed above her hand. It flickered then went out, only to relight and burn slightly brighter. I began clapping enthusiastically, even letting out a howl or two. I knew Lucian would have only given her a “that’ll do pig” or the equivalent, so I wanted to praise her for the obvious effort she’s put forth. 
She looked at me with a huge smile, and the flame went out, but just the fact that she managed to make the flame and control it was a huge accomplishment. I jumped up and hugged her tight, and she hugged me back even tighter. When it felt like my ribs might be crushed, I pulled her back and smiled at her.
“You did it. You controlled it. It’s all a matter of manipulating it now.”
“I know. I’ve been practicing and practicing, and finally, I let everything else go and concentrated only on the fire, both the one in me and the one on my hand, and it just came.”
“That is great, Brennan. I knew you could do it.”
“So can I come stay with you now?”
“I would feel more comfortable if you stayed here with me until you have a better grasp on your magic,” Lucian chimed in.
“Plus, I’m working this case, and I have to spend all of my time at Roman’s stupid bar, so you would be bored to bits at my place.”
She looked crestfallen. It was such an accomplishment for her, and now she was getting nothing but disappointment in return.
“But that doesn’t mean you can’t spend the rest of the day with me. Maybe we could do some, er, shopping. For you. Not me, you. Then I’ll show you where I live, and we could hang out there until I have to go back to work this evening. Does that sound okay?”
Her face was alight again, and she nodded vigorously. I looked at Lucian, and he nodded once. “Excellent. I have some questions for Lucian if you want to go get ready.”
“Okay, I won’t take long.”
“Take your time.”
She ran up the stairs at warp speed. When she was out of earshot Lucian looked at me. “Her hold is tentative at best. She still needs much practice.”
“Let her enjoy the small victories, Father. It will make the large defeats more manageable.”
“And the defeats will make the large victories more joyous. Yes, I know how to train a woman who knows nothing about her abilities to both control them and use them to their full strengths.”
“All right. I got you. If I can’t keep her for now, I’ll at least offer to spend more time with her. I haven’t hardly even seen her since dropping her at your doorstep.”
“Yes, I believe some time away might help her to gain focus. Now, what can I tell you about the Vampere you don’t already know?”
“How about what is this bond between Roman and Tristan? Roman tried to tell me Tristan isn’t mine anymore.”
He smiled warmly at me. “Tristan will always hold a place in his heart for you. Because of that, he will always be yours. But Roman was telling the truth. He is Tristan’s father now. When a human chooses to become Vampere, it is decided that human will leave behind his human life and begin a new one as Vampere. Those are the reasons for the laws stating all humans must consent to the turning.”
“But Tristan wasn’t a typical human. There is no reason to no longer have contact with his old family because we too are Fabled.”
“The cause of the break is not only to prevent the human family from finding out about us. A Vampere must relearn everything, and as another species, they do not relearn everything the same way. Their point of view is changed therefore they too are changed.”
“You’re saying Tristan won’t be Tristan anymore?”
“Essentially he is still the same man, but some things will be different.”
“You mean like the whole I-drink-blood-instead-of-eating-Wheaties thing?”
“Technically he’ll drink blood and eat Wheaties if that’s his choice. I refer more to his thought processes, and one of the most important thoughts he will have is surviving. He will also know that Roman is his key to survival; therefore, he will place him above all others.”
“Great. So I have to continue to play nice, so I can see my boy. I just want to know that he’s okay.”
“He’s fine, Sunny. I know you worry, but it is unnecessary. Roman is very strong. He comes from a line of strong Vampere, and that strength has now passed on to Tristan.”
“Tell me about Roman’s sire.”
He got up and walked over to the window. “I’d rather not discuss this.”
“I looked him up, but all I could find on his death was the legal information regarding Roman gaining possession of his holdings.”
“As I said, I do not wish to discuss Judas Severus.”
“Did you kill him?”
“I did not. Now we will change this subject.”
“Well, he couldn’t have been too strong if he died so easily.”
He sighed. “Judas Severus had many issues. Too many to discuss.”
“So now my son is born into a line of crazy Vamps. Don’t try to convince me Roman’s not insane because that horse already left the stables.”
“Roman is quite sane as is his grandsire.”
“Whoa. What about a grandsire? Is he still kicking it?”
“Yes, he is alive and well and quite content to live out his days in solitude.”
“So he’s a shut-in. Great. They just get crazier and crazier.”
“Please, child. Don’t judge without all knowledge.”
I took a deep breath. “All right, Father. I guess I’m going a little crazy myself. It’s just that I’m so worried about my son.”
“And with good reason, but I assure you Roman is one of the best Vampere I know. He will take good care of your son until he is able to be reunited with you.”
“Thanks, Lucian. That makes me feel better.”
“Good.”
“Great! Let’s get this show on the road.”
I looked up to see Brennan standing in the doorway. She had changed her jeans and T-shirt for a black shirt, elbow-length fingerless gloves, a short skirt, leggings with holes in them, and knee-high shit-kickers. Her hair was in pigtails, and her liner was thick. She looked like a typical teen ready for the town.
“Let’s go then. Maybe I can buy you a pair of leggings without holes.”
“What? I bought these this way.”
“You got ripped off. Get it. Ripped. Off.”
She looked at me deadpanned. “Stick to your day job.”
“Everyone’s a critic,” I grumbled, and she pushed me out the door. 
“Have fun, ladies,” Lucian said as we left. 
I thought she would want me to take her to the mall, but instead, directed me to a small shop not far from Lucian’s. 
“Lizzy’s is the best shop around. She has everything from Goth to contemporary, and it’s all totally cool.”
“And how do you know about Lizzy’s?”
“Lucian took me.”
My eyes widened. “Lucian took you shopping?”
“Yeah, did you think I magicked my clothes? It’s not like I brought a bag with me when I escaped from the asylum.”
“Good point. I just figured he sent you with a servant or something.”
“I think it was a test as to whether I could control myself when out in public. That’s not the weirdest part, though.”
“What was the weirdest part?” I was genuinely interested.
“Lucian is the one who knew about Lizzy’s. I think he knows the owner if you know what I mean by knows.”
“No. Surely not. You think they have a thing?”
“Or they used to. That’s the vibe I was picking up.”
“Now, I’m actually eager to go shopping. I think that is a first for me.”
She patted me on the shoulder. “Stick with me. I’ll have you converted before you know it.”
“I don’t know. If K couldn’t do it, I don’t think anyone can.”
“Who’s K?”
“My oldest friend. Hey, I have to go to her wedding Saturday. Do you want to come? You could be my plus one.”
“Is this going to be some lame, formal affair?”
“God, I hope not. If it is, I totally need you with me. Otherwise, you’ll be viewing my body after I die of boredom.”
She giggled. “I guess I’ll have to take one for the team.”
“That’s my girl. Now let’s go get you a dress and catch the skinny on Lucian and Lizzy.”
“I feel like I should be singing ‘k-i-s-s-i-n-g.’”
I laughed and grabbed her arm while opening the door to the store. I pushed her in and walked in behind her. 
The shop was quaint and was packed to the max with all variations of women’s clothing, everything from business attire to evening gowns to club wear. I was actually impressed with the selections. There were several outfits I could see myself wearing. 
“Oh my gosh, Sunny. Look at this dress.”
It was a dark burgundy color and had a lace-up front with a high-to-low-cut skirt. 
“Very Steampunky. You should try it on.” I picked up a pair of black high-heel knee-high boots. “Try these on with it.”
“Are you sure?”
“Are you kidding? That totally looks like you, and you need a dress for the wedding.”
“And what about you? Will you be attending this wedding as well?” I turned to see the store owner approaching us. She was slender with light red hair and a no-nonsense attitude. No wonder Lucian was attracted to her.
“I’m actually going to be the maid of honor, so I don’t get to pick my dress.”
“Too bad. I could think of several that would look amazing on you.”
I smiled at her. “I do have this Vampere soiree to attend tomorrow night. Do you have any suggestions?”
She smiled brightly. “You just made my day. Come into the back, and I’ll pick out a few things.”
“All right. I’m Sunny, by the way.”
“I know who you are dear. Lucian can hardly go five minutes without talking about you and your accomplishments.”
I laughed until I realized she was being sincere. “Oh, all right. It’s funny, he’s never mentioned you before, Lizzy.”
“No. I’m sure he hasn’t. We are merely friends who run into each other now and again.”
“Friends who spend all their time talking about me. That doesn’t freak me out at all.”
She laughed. “I didn’t say we spend all our time talking about you.”
She winked at me, and I smiled in return. So she and my father dated. Or maybe she was just a booty call. Maybe she still is. She seemed nice enough, and I wasn’t so self-centered to think that my father doesn’t deserve other relationships than just our own.
“So, what have you got for me?”
“Here. You can start with these. Are you sure there aren’t any other functions you’ll need attire for?” She threw several dresses into my arms and pushed me into a stall before pulling the curtain closed.
“She’s been hanging out at a Vamp’s club. What do ya got for that?” Brennan told her.
“That depends. Is it a high-society club or a rock bar?”
“Rock bar,” I added from the dressing room.
“Excellent. I’ll be right back.”
I rolled my eyes even though neither of them could see. I have to admit I was running out of clothes to wear to the club since most of my wardrobe consisted of jeans and Ts. 
By the time we left Lizzy’s, I was hooked. She managed to throw together outfits I would never have picked for myself but would work all of my assets to their fullest. The dress she picked for me to wear tomorrow looked amazing on me and was sexy without being slutty. When we arrived home to find yet another deliveryman dropping off a package, and I opened it, I was even more grateful to Lizzy for her help. The dress Roman had sent over was cut way too low—I’m talking to my navel—and though it was full length, the slit came all the way up to just below my left breast. Only a sheer material behind the split managed to keep me from showing everything. Also, even though the dress was black, the material was so thin it was practically see-through. There was no way I would be caught dead in a dress like that. The black heels that accompanied it would work well with the dress Lizzy picked out, which was also black and full length, but a lot more sensual than risqué. 
“Wow. Your place is huge.” Brennan’s mouth was open as she took in my home and the surrounding estate. I had parked in the front since I would be leaving soon to go to the club.
“Come on. I’ll give you the grand tour.”
She followed me slowly while trying to take everything in at the same time. I had been living in this house since right after I faked my human death and began training to become an agent of the Council, so there was a lot I had collected over the years, and I had a lot of fun showing her some of my more memorable decorations.
“You can pick a room now if you want, or you can wait until you’re ready to move in.”
“I’ll wait.”
I could tell there was more. “I’m not going to change my mind you know.”
She shrugged. “It’s just that you don’t know me very well.”
“You mean your past?”
She nodded slightly, and I moved closer and took her hands. “I know about the accident, Brennan. It wasn’t your fault. I don’t know why your mom didn’t teach you how to control your magic as soon as you hit puberty, but it wasn’t your fault that you didn’t know how to control it.”
“You don’t understand. They weren’t like this. They knew nothing about magic and didn’t want to hear about it, so I hid it.”
“Your mom knew. She was from a long line of Witches. Hell, your grandfather is still an active member of his coven. I don’t know why she hid this from you, but she should have stepped up and taught you what you needed to know or, at the very least, taken you to someone who could teach you.”
“You’re wrong. My mother didn’t know anything about magic, and I never met my grandparents on my mom’s side.”
“Maybe they had a falling out. Maybe your mother was born non-magical. It happens sometimes. But she should have helped you anyway. Do you understand, Brennan? She should have helped you. That wouldn’t have happened, and you wouldn’t be haunted by those memories if she would have done what was right.”
Brennan started to cry, and I hugged her as hard as I could. She didn’t lose control. She just let a few tears fall for what could have been, and then she pulled back. I looked her in the eyes.
“I will do everything I can to make sure you get control of your magic. You are very strong, so it will take more practice and effort on your part to control it. But I promise you I will do everything I can to make sure you never lose control again. If you would like to meet your grandfather, I will set up a meeting for you. I’ll even drive you to Austin and stay with you if you want.”
She wiped her tears away and smiled. “Yeah, I think I would. I mean, if he’s not an asshole or anything.”
“All right. I’ll call him and see what he has to say. But I’m going to tell you it had better be good because he didn’t step up and claim you after the accident. If he doesn’t have a damned good excuse, I might be tempted to kick his ass.”
She laughed. “Let’s hope he has a good excuse. For his sake.”
I smiled at her. “Now, what do you want to do until I have to go to work?”
“How long do we have?”
I checked my watch. “A couple of hours.”
She nodded. “I might be able to work with that.”
I looked at her questioningly, and she smiled sinisterly.


Chapter Nineteen
“So this Vamp and Demon walk into a bar…”


I made it to the club five minutes before I was due to perform with the band. My phone had been steadily going off, but I knew it was Roman, so I didn’t bother to answer it. It wasn’t like answering the phone would make me get there any faster. I parked in the back lot and ran for the door. I had barely knocked when the Vamp from last night answered it. 
“You’re late. The boss has been worried.”
I ignored him. I didn’t need to be reminded, and I was sure Roman would have enough to say. 
As I entered the area behind the stage, all eyes were on me. I felt the need to say something, so I tried to look trite.
“Um, sorry I’m late. My stylist took forever.”
They were all taking in my new attire. Brennan had gone all out, curling my hair and applying my eye makeup to perfection. Add in one of my new outfits courtesy of Lizzy, and I actually looked like a rock star, one that has class anyway. 
Roman came forward, and I could tell right away he was pissed. I bit my lip in anticipation for the chewing out I would be getting. He reached up and pulled my lip out from between my teeth and then kissed me deeply. I instantly forgot about being late or having to perform for a huge crowd or anything else trivial like that. All there was in my entire universe were him and me and his lips on mine. I moaned after a moment and pulled him even closer until his body was flush with mine. 

He finally pulled back and looked at me. We were both breathless. “Do you think a kiss will make up for worrying me? I will admit you look amazing tonight.”
I smiled. “You think so?” I did a small curtsey. “And not just a kiss, no.”
He smiled at me devilishly. “No wonder you stole my heart.” He took a breath and seemed to center himself. “Alas, you have a show to perform. We will continue this afterward.”
“Sure.” 
He turned to walk away, and I swatted his rear. Hey, if it’s good for the goose and all that. He turned back and raised a brow. I smiled innocently at him in return.
The show was just as packed out as last night, and everything seemed to go well. Afterward, I was being led to VIP when I saw a familiar face. As it turned out, he was waiting for me.
“Doyle, what are you doing here?”
He spoke over a guard’s shoulder. “Why, I’ve come to see you, love. I never dreamt I would be able to glimpse you on stage. That was exciting, it was.”
“Come backstage so we can talk.” 
I tapped Mr. Beefy on the shoulder and motioned for him to let my friend through. He looked hesitant, and I looked persistent, and in the end, persistence won the fight. He moved just enough for Doyle to squeeze past, and I led him backstage. 
“Why didn’t you just call?” I asked him when we were out of the main club.
“I have called you, Sun. But I guess you’ve been busy with your Vampere.”
“I think you meant to say ‘with my case.’”
“Right. That’s what I meant. It’s just that it’s been a while.”
He reached up and touched my chin, and I could hear Mr. Beefy, who was again standing in the corner, growl. I rolled my eyes at him before looking back at Doyle. “I told you to find someone else. This case is taking up all my time, and I can’t be there for you like I used to be.”
“I know, Sun. It’s just that there is only one you.”
“Doyle, that can’t be the way this goes. You knew that from the beginning.”
“I knew it up here.” He pointed to his head. “But it was down here I had the problem convincing.” He pointed to his chest.
“I—”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Roman said as he entered the room. He grabbed Doyle by the collar and pushed him against the wall. “How dare you touch her.”
“She didn’t seem to mind.”
“Roman, calm down.” I tried to pull him off Doyle. 
He finally released him and turned back to look me over; then he turned back to Doyle. “Get out. No one wants your kind here, Demon.”
“Really? I wouldn’t be too sure about that.”
“I am.”
“My, what a temper this one has when it comes to you. I can’t say I blame him, Sun.”
Roman turned to me. “You know him?”
“Roman, I would prefer to discuss mine and Doyle’s relationship in private or not at all.”
“You feed him?”
Was I talking to myself? I ignored Roman. “Come on, Doyle. I’ll walk you to your car.”
“Are you sure? I thought the party was just getting started.”
“I think it would be best if you do as Roman asks.”
“But it’s been so long since we’ve spent quality time together.”
I gave him a warning look, and he smiled in return. Then he mock-whispered in Roman’s ear. “Quite the insatiable lover, this one. Wouldn’t you agree?”
It happened so fast I didn’t even see him move. One moment Doyle was smirking at Roman, and the next, he was backed against the wall with a bloody nose. Roman had his hand on his throat choking him, and even though he couldn’t breathe, Doyle started laughing. 
“Roman, let him go!” I tried to pry his hand off Doyle’s neck, but it wouldn’t budge.
“You will leave this bar, and you will never contact her again. If I hear of you talking to her, I will kill you. Go back to your mistress. She always seemed to like your little games.” Roman released him, and Doyle fell to the floor.
He looked up at Roman. “Oh, don’t be mistaken. Sunny always liked them too.”
Roman kicked him in the stomach, and Doyle laughed again.
“Roman, you’re being unreasonable. He’s only trying to piss you off,” I tried to explain to him. 
Roman took a step back and ran his hand through his hair before he straightened his shirt then he looked at Mr. Beefy and pointed to Doyle. “Escort him off the premises and make sure he leaves.” Then he reached for me, but I pulled away.
“I’ll walk him to his car.”
“Like hell, you will.”
“He’s injured. If he doesn’t feed, he might kill someone.”
“And that someone certainly won’t be you. I don’t know what lies he’s told you, but that creature is a monster. He has done things that would sicken your stomach.”
“And you haven’t?”
His jaw clenched. He made a motion to Mr. Beefy, and two seconds later, there was a whole entourage of guards in the room. Several of them blocked me while others took Doyle out the back of the club. I turned on Roman.
“What if he kills a human because of you?”
“Then I suppose it would be your job to put him down like the animal he is.” 
He turned and left the room, and I followed hot on his heels. He went straight for the stairs, and I followed him into his office. 
When inside, he turned on me. “How long have you been feeding him?”
“It isn’t just about me feeding him.”
“What? Do you think you’re in love? First, it was the boy; now I have to contend with a bleeding Demon!”
“First of all, you don’t have to contend with anyone because you aren’t in the contention. Second, I don’t have any feelings other than friendship for Doyle. Not that it’s any of your business.”
“Then what? What do you get out of the deal? Sex? Because I have to tell you, Sunshine, there are a lot better lovers out there—ones that won’t suck you dry in the process.”
I laughed humorlessly. “Pot, allow me to introduce kettle. You have no foot to stand on when it comes to men who feed off their lovers.”
“This is different. He would hurt you without concern while I would never allow you to be harmed.”
Cue humorless laugh again. “You hurt me more than any man I’ve ever known—and that includes my cheating ex-husband—while Doyle has never hurt me in the last fifteen years.”
“You’ve been feeding that thing for fifteen years?” he screamed.
“You know what, I’m finished with this conversation. I don’t have to explain myself to you, and who I fuck is none of your damned business.”
“Oh, you are very wrong about that, Sunshine. I forbid you from seeing that Incubus again.”
Now that really did make me laugh. “What gives you the right?”
“This I will not allow. If you wish to have and maintain any relationship with my son, then you will cut that incubus out of your life for good.”
I just stared at him dumbfounded. He was every inch of serious. “Just when I thought I couldn’t hate you more, you go and do this. I’m leaving. Don’t try to stop me because you won’t like what happens.”  
I left his office and gained profound gratification in slamming the door on the way out. I made my way to the back lot and got in my car. My cell started ringing, and I looked at it. Doyle was calling. I leaned my head on the steering wheel. I wanted to help him, especially after Roman told me not to. I wanted to, but I couldn’t. Roman was dead serious when he said he wouldn’t let me see Tristan. I couldn’t run that risk. If Roman found out, and I lost my son because of it. No, I would just have to hope Doyle has another Fabled he can call. But in the end, Roman was right. If Doyle kills a human, I will have to put him down. As much as that would kill me inside to have to do to my friend, I would because that’s my job and that’s what I do. I kill killers. 
I finally started my car and made my way home. I felt worn out mentally after fighting with Roman. I made it back to my house and let myself into the gate. I pulled out front instead of pulling into the garage simply because the front door is closer to my bedroom and that was my destination. I pulled out my house key and reached for the lock when I froze. I could sense magic. I sent my magic out and found a dark magic spell on the door lock. Judging by the strength of it, it was a death spell. Hm. Now, what Witch do I know who is strong enough to put a death spell on my door? As if I didn’t know.
I pulled out my phone. “Lucian, I’m requesting a death warrant for a Witch named Beatrice Beasley. I will take a small portion of her magic directly from her to confirm she is the perpetrator before the kill.”
He was in complete council leader mode when he responded. “What crimes did the perpetrator commit?”
“There is a death spell on my front door. I also believe she placed an illusion on the outer wall of the asylum she runs. This same illusion allowed a group of kidnappers to go free. I also suspect she was involved with Brennan’s stay at that same asylum.”
“I see. I cannot issue a warrant based on unfounded accusations. However, the death spell on your door is grounds for immediate extermination. You will verify the magic is the same prior to death.”
“Yes, Lucian. I will verify the magic and then proceed with the death warrant. I will notify you when the job is completed.”
“Very well.”
I hung up. I once again sent my magic out, and when I brought it back in, I pulled all of the magic from the death spell in with it. It was the same magic used on the illusion from the asylum. I smiled. Looked like Headmistress Beasley was about to get an unwanted visit.

“Sorry, miss. No visitors before six a.m.” 
I looked at the clock on the dash. It was five-ten. I had decided to take a quick shower and wash off all the makeup Brennan had put on me earlier before I confronted the Witch. For the record, by confront I mean kill.
I held up my badge for the guard at the gate. “Council business.”
He nodded then returned to the guard shack and lifted the gate. I continued on to the main entrance of the asylum. Once inside, I saw the same woman sitting at the front desk. I walked up to her with a friendly smile on my face, but she looked wary. I guess she remembered me from the last time. 
“I need to speak with Headmistress Beasley.”
“I’m sorry the headmistress is unavailable.”
I again pulled out my badge. “I will speak to the headmistress, or I will tear this place apart finding her.”
“Um, of course. I will notify her if you would like to wait in the atrium.”
I smiled again. “Love to.”
I walked through the doors and was once again taken aback by the meadow surrounding me. I have to say it was the best damn illusion I have ever seen. As I stood there admiring the Witches’ handiwork, a thought struck me. I sent my magic out around me, then pulled it back in with just a sample of the magic the illusion was using. It was a match to my death spell. The headmistress has some major explaining to do. 
“How can I help you this morning, Miss Dubois?”
“I won’t take up too much of your time, Headmistress.” I reached out and grabbed her hand before sending a small amount of my magic out to taste hers. When I pulled it back in, I was confused. I released her hand and took a step back. Not only was her magic not a match to the illusions and the death spell on my door, but she didn’t have very strong magic at all. If she had been stealing magic from the patients, she should be bursting with it. Based on her magic, she would be hard-pressed to maintain an anti-aging spell. No wonder she looked like an old crone. The darkness I detected was obviously dark magic she was mixing with her own to allow her to perform magic at all.
“Who maintains this illusion?”
She was looking bewildered and rubbing her hand where I had touched her. “I told you before. All the Witches as a whole.”
“No. I’ve tasted this magic, and it’s not many magics woven together. It is one, and it is dark. Tell me who maintains it.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. All of the Witches gather together to pour our magic into the collective. It is used to maintain the illusion.”
“But not you. You don’t have enough magic to go around.”
“There are some benefits to being the headmistress.”
“Fine. I need a list of all the Witches working in this facility, and I’m going to need to meet with each of them individually.”
“Very well. I will have Adriana get that information for you. If you will follow me back to the lobby.”
She turned and left the atrium without waiting for me. I followed her out to the lobby, and she told Adriana to gather me the information I needed. Adriana looked shocked by the knowledge but played it off well. She smiled at me tentatively, then started typing on her computer. I stood up next to the counter waiting for her. 
“I’ll need to speak with each employee individually. If you would go ahead and notify the Witches currently on duty that would be great.”
“Um, sure, uh, yeah. I can do that. There aren’t many right now. Most of them don’t come in for another hour or so.”
“I’ll wait.”
She continued to look nervous. I chalked it up to me breathing down her neck until she finished printing out the list and began putting it together to staple it. The left sleeve of her undershirt pulled up just enough to show me a piece of a tattoo, and I smiled at her genuinely for the first time since walking through the door. 
Before she knew what was happening, I grabbed the hand with the tattoo and sent my magic out pulling it back with hers. She was the illusionist I was looking for. 
“That was pretty good. Placing the spell on my door lock. If I had caught your magic but an instant later, I wouldn’t be here now, but lucky for me, I did catch it, and now you’re going to tell me who you’re working with and why you’re stealing Vampere.”
She smiled back at me and reached forward with her right hand releasing a spell directly into my torso. I froze instantly, and she laughed. 
“You stupid bitch. You think you can steal my magic. I’m linked to every one of the prisoners in here. All you are stealing is their magic through me.”
I tilted my head, cracking my neck as I went. Damn it hurts to be frozen temporarily. Her eyes widened, and she reached forward to release another spell, but I grabbed her hand and used Werewolf magic to crush it. She screamed as if she was dying, and I shrugged. It’s really hard to cast a spell when someone is holding one of your hands, and the other is broken in a dozen different places. I grabbed her neck and pinched it.
“Now. Where were we? Oh yeah, you were about to tell me about the Vamps and who’s taking them.”
“You don’t know who you’re dealing with. You think I’m the only one. The Caduceus are everywhere, in every country, every class. There is nowhere we can’t find you.”
“Okay. Great speech by the way. Really heartfelt. So tell me what the Caduceus want with Vampere?”
She leaned forward slightly and whispered. “They are building an army. The Fabled will soon be nothing but the myth they pretend to be.”
“Hey, dumbass, you are one of the Fabled.”
“I’m human. My father was human. My bitch of a mother was one of you.”
“And you inherited her magic making you essentially one of us. Why would you help humans kill Fabled?”
“You all deserve to die.”
“Well, the cat’s out of the bag now, so tell me where I can find the Vamps.” 
Before I knew what she was going to do, she turned her broken hand at her chest and released a death curse. I released her as quickly as I could, so it didn’t pass into me. Not that it was likely to kill me. It was just that I really didn’t want to absorb a death curse. I’ll have indigestion for a week.
I pulled out my phone and called in a cleanup team. Then I called Lucian and explained what happened.
“She said she was working with a group of humans that call themselves Caduceus, like the symbol. Have you ever heard of them?”
“Caduceus? Are you sure?”
“Positive. I found the tattoo on a couple of the killers too.”
“This can’t be. Aerystasia told us it would work.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The Oracle told us of our destruction. In an attempt to prevent it we became the Fabled. She said it would work.”
“So this Caduceus club really is going to try to kill us.”
“Beware of the Caduceus. That’s what she told me. After she had spoken to the council all those years ago, she came back and gave that warning to me in private.”
“Did she think all of the other members of the council would be dead by now?”
“Or that they couldn’t be trusted.”


Chapter Twenty
“Entertaining the Vamps”


I was ready at eight-thirty that night. Roman had texted me several times reminding me that I had promised to attend this gathering with him and that he expected me to be civil. So even though Roman had thoroughly pissed me off last night, I would be the better woman and keep my promise. I had left the gate open in expectation of Roman’s arrival, but I didn’t expect a stretch limo to pull into my drive. Roman stepped out and met me at the steps as I closed my front door.
“You look ravishing tonight, Sunshine.”
“Well, try not to eat me. I’d hate to miss this soiree.” Was it odd that I wanted to stick my finger in the air and swirl it around every time I said that word?
He smiled softly. The driver opened the door, and Roman helped me into the car before sliding in beside me. “I will admit I had looked forward to seeing you in the dress I picked for you, but I believe I like this one better.”
“Yeah, if there ever is a next time, don’t bother sending over some trashy-looking thing like that again because you won’t be seeing me in it.” 
“I apologize that you didn’t like it. Perhaps you could wear it for me privately sometime.”
“Let’s save the sweet talking for when we have an audience. I don’t feel like playing with you tonight.”
“Ah. This is because of that incubus? You have to believe me, Sunshine. That Demon is bad news.”
“Yeah, yeah, so I’ve heard. How do you know so much about Doyle anyway?”
“Let’s just say we have old history. Very old.”
“Apparently, since he had been in a coffin for almost forty years when I found him.”
“Even older than that.”
“Do you know who his mistress is? Because I wouldn’t mind giving that bitch a piece of my mind–and my fist.”
“Let’s just concentrate on tonight’s event. The purpose of this soiree is to ask permission from the Vampere leader for the making of a new Vampere.”
“Wait! What? You’re asking Augustus for permission to make a Vamp you’ve already made?”
“It is often done this way, especially in emergency situations like Tristan’s.”
“Has he ever denied permission?”
“I have every assurance he will not deny my child.”
“So that’s a yes. There’s a possibility he will deny your request. What will happen then?”
“Don’t worry about that. He will not deny my request. I have never asked to make a child before, and I am very old. I deserve a child like any other.”
“Will he try to manipulate you in some way?”
He smiled. “My, you know Vampere better than I thought.”
“I know Augustus Aigner well enough.”
“Good, then I don’t have to warn you to behave yourself tonight. One wrong action could have detrimental consequences.”
“Yes, Daddy. Are you sure you wouldn’t prefer to bring me in cuffs?”
“Don’t put ideas into my head.”
I rolled my eyes and did my best to ignore him the rest of the way. 
We pulled up and found Augustus’s home in full getup. Valets were running around parking the cars of those that didn’t show up in limos like us. There were banners hung and guests meandering about. Roman waited for the driver to get the door before getting out and reaching back in for my hand. When I stepped out of the car, it felt like every eye was on me. I didn’t know if they all recognized me or if they could sense I wasn’t Vampere. Either way, I definitely was the belle of the ball. Thus far, anyway. Roman held out his arm for me, I took it, and he led us up the steps to the main entrance of the mansion. Several Vampere nodded to Roman as we passed, but everyone merely stared at me. I wasn’t sure if it was a friendly stare or a foe stare, but I was sure I would find out soon enough. 
As we entered the foyer, there was a short line waiting to get into what I could only assume was the ballroom. Every mansion should have a ballroom, right? I could hear a herald announcing everyone before they entered the room. Great. There goes my hope that no one would recognize me. Maybe he’d just introduce me as a guest. I was sure Roman wasn’t silly enough to tell them he was bringing me. 
“Announcing the Roman, Alexander, and his guest Sunny Dubois, the Thief.”
That was marvelous. Not only did they tell everyone my name, but for those that didn’t know it, they also made sure to add my street name too. Not that there was anyone who didn’t know my actual name, Dubois kind of spoke for itself.
I pasted on the fakest of smiles and allowed Roman to guide me down the steps that led into the ballroom. You could have heard a pin drop as we descended, and something told me it wasn’t Roman who had their jaws dropping, though I would admit he looked very debonair in his classic black tux that was tailored to fit and clung to all the right places. Why was I thinking about how hot Roman looked in his tux? It was probably my subconscious kicking in to take me away from the extremely stressful situation I was currently in. 
Augustus met us toward the middle of the room, and I felt like his reaction would be the determining factor on whether this became a real party or if I needed to run for my life. 
“Roman, greetings. I am so pleased to find you have finally picked an heir.” 
“Thank you, my lord.”
Augustus shook Roman’s hand before turning to me. “Sunny, may I say you look lovelier every time I see you.” He took my hand and brought it to his narrow lips before kissing it. 
I concentrated on not releasing my magic. The very last thing I needed was to take some of his magic, and he take offense of it. “Thank you, Augustus. I am so pleased to be able to attend this event.”
“Yes, I would have invited you before, had I known you would accept.”
I just smiled in return. It would be a cold day in you-know-where before I accompanied Augustus Aigner to a Vampere ball.
Augustus addressed the crowd. “Eat, drink. This is a time to celebrate.”
Like that, the music started, and everyone returned to what they were doing before our arrival. Augustus turned back to Roman. “Am I to understand the child is already made?”
“Yes, my lord. The events regarding his creation were unavoidable.”
“I see. Of course, I will require compensation for my cooperation.”
“Of course. What would you ask of me?”
Augustus eyed me speculatively. “I’m sure I can think of something.”
“I’m sure you will only ask for what is mine. I am unable to grant promise for that which I don’t own.”
“The child was not hers?”
I just loved how they were having this whole conversation about me while I was standing right here. Side of beef. Side of beef, anyone? Let the auction begin.
“Not biologically,” Roman said.
“But she still has a tie to him.”
“She will not allow me to manipulate that relationship, my lord. This is the Thief we speak of.”
Again Augustus eyed me. “I suppose I will have to settle for something else, something you do possess.” He pretended to think, but it was obvious he already knew what he would ask for. “Judas’s portion of the Blood Stone.”
Roman’s eyes widened for a fraction before he hid his reaction. “Yes, my lord. It will be delivered in the morning.”
“Excellent. Do enjoy the night’s festivities, and I wish you many long years with your child.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
Roman held out his arm, and I took it again without a word. Augustus watched me walk away, and I envisioned punching him in his ugly-ass face. 
We had barely made it ten feet when a beautiful brunette accosted Roman. She practically wrapped her whole body around him while she hugged him, then pulled back and kissed him on both cheeks before straight on the mouth. Now, this bitch had better be glad I was trying my damnedest to be on my best behavior, or she’d have been laid out on the floor by now. 
“Brother, it has been so long since I last saw you. We really must get together more often. I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you as well, Sister.”
Sister? If she was his sister, I was his aunt, Fanny. 
She reached up and ran her hands through his hair before letting them rest on both of his shoulders. Yep, any minute now Roman was going to tell her that he had a date. Any minute now.
“I was so upset to learn you chose an heir without telling me. I had to learn from a practical stranger.”
“I’m sorry, Sister. It was a spur of the moment opportunity.”
“Since when do you do anything spontaneously?”
He smiled at her. “Since Sunny asked me to turn him for her.”
She looked down her nose at me before releasing Roman and taking a step back. “The Thief. I must give you credit. You have a lot of gall showing up after what you did to my beloved brother.”
I shrugged. “It’s funny. You seem to know all about me, but in all the times Roman and I have spoken, I didn’t even know he had a sibling until a few nights ago.”
“Sunny, this is my sister, Desiree.”
Her eyes were narrowed at me. “Roman likes to keep those he loves the most close to his chest.”
“I’m sure that’s the reason he never once mentioned you.”
A Vampere walked up to Desiree and handed her a drink. When he turned to look at me, I knew I had more trouble than Roman’s overly intimate sister. 
“Oh, allow me to introduce my date for the evening. This is Erik Roberson. Erik, this is my beautiful brother, Roman, and I think you’re familiar with Sunny here.”
Erik Roberson. That bitch brought Erik Roberson to the party. She must have known I was coming. She probably told him she would bring him if he would kill me while he was here. After all, he’s threatened to do it before. His lover Ryan had been killing humans brutally for fun. The council found out and sent me after him. It was a pretty easy job. All I had to do was follow the trail of dead bodies to his doorstep; then I took his head. Erik came in as the cleanup crew was finishing, and I still happened to be there looking for clues to where the other missing people might be. There was a scuffle, and Erik left promising to kill me the next time he saw me. 
Great. Here I was at a Vampere gathering, and I had no doubt that this Vampere was going to try to kill me. If I let him kill me…obviously, that’s a bad plan. But if he attacked and I killed him, who knows what would happen. The rest may try to kill me for ruining the festivities.
I did my best to smile as Erik looked at me with intense hatred. “Right. You were the lover of that serial killer. You’re better off without him.”
Erik’s nostrils flared, and I shrugged. It was the truth. There was no evidence Erik was involved in the killing of those humans at all, so he went free. If he were smart, he would have moved on by now.  
“You brought someone here you knew hated Sunny?” Roman asked his sister.
She put on her innocent face and used the opportunity to put her hand back on his arm. “Roman, no. I would never do anything to jeopardize your date. I didn’t know about their prior involvement until tonight as we were getting here.”
Roman shook her hand off. “If you’ll excuse us, I have some other Vampere I need to talk to.”
He grabbed my hand and pulled me away. 
“Roman, please,” his sister begged as we walked away. 
I looked back at her with a smile and a wink. That bitch just made my list, and trust me, you don’t want to be on the list. 
We spent the next hour snob-nobbing with the top crop of the Vampere nation. Roman seemed to know them all well and everyone we met made sure to congratulate him on choosing an heir. Most were very intrigued by me and welcomed me into the fold, so to speak. A few treated me with cold distance, and even fewer treated me with outright contempt. I decided to grin and bear it for the most part while counting down the minutes until I could escape this place.
The only highlight of our time working the crowd was when I ran into a familiar Vampere. Roman was talking to some Lord So-and-So, and I was bored to pieces, so I told him I was going to get a drink. 
“Hey, Drake the Vampere.”
He had grabbed a champagne flute off the same tray I did. “The Thief. What a genuine pleasure.” He bowed low. When he rose, he added a wink.
“One would wonder whether the Vampere leader’s personal guard was here on business or pleasure.”
He smiled and moved slightly closer. “Who said I was his personal guard?”
I just looked at him, and he smiled broader.
“Who says it can’t be both business and pleasure?”
“Ah. Did Augustus tell you to keep an eye on the psychotic killer?”
“He didn’t have to tell me to keep an eye on you.”
“Because I’m so dangerous?” 
He took a step closer and whispered in my ear. “Because you’re so beautiful.”
I pulled back slightly to look at his eyes. “You, Mr. Drake, are a dangerous man.”
“From what I hear, you’re pretty dangerous yourself.”
“There you are, love. It seems I can’t leave you for five minutes without someone trying to get their hooks in you.” Roman kissed me on the side of the neck before looking at Drake. “Hello, Drake. Trying to seduce my date?”
Drake smiled at him. “I wouldn’t think of it.”
“Excellent. Come on, Sunshine. Augustus is about to make an announcement.”
I shot Drake a “what can you do” look. “See you around, Drake.”
“I certainly hope so.” He winked again before disappearing into the crowd.
Augustus walked out onto the stage while the band was taking a break. 
“Thank you again for joining me tonight to celebrate one of our greatest Vampere, the Roman. Alexander has finally, after almost a millennium of life, chosen an heir. I’m sure his sire would be proud. To Roman.” He held up his drink, and everyone followed with a room full of “To Roman.”
“We have a special treat for you tonight. The Roman has brought the lovely Sunny Dubois with him, and I would ask Sunny to join me on stage now.”
WTF? Why does he want me on the stage? A million scenarios ran through my head as I kissed Roman on the cheek, then slowly made my way to the stage. The crowd parted before me like the Red Sea. They were probably trying to prevent being touched. God, I hoped this old Vamp didn’t try to kill me in front of everyone. I would have hated to have to kill him, then fight my way out of here. The odds weren’t exactly in my favor. 
When I was on stage by him, Augustus smiled at me then turned back to the crowd. “I would ask Sunny to do us the honor of performing for us tonight. What do you think, Miss Dubois?”
He turned back to me questioningly. 
“Um, sure, of course, I would be honored.”
“Wonderful. I believe the piano is your instrument of choice.” He pointed to the piano strategically placed in the middle of the stage. 
I nodded then walked over to the piano and had a seat. What song do you play for a group of upper-class Vampere? I thought about it and then decided to go with a classic. Nothing sounded better on a piano than an Elton John song, and judging by the mic that was set up, they expected me to play something that I could sing to.
“Um, this is ‘Your Song.’” I left the rest to be determined. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder after all. 
I played the song and tried to send as much happiness and good nature into it as I could muster. Afterward, there was complete silence for a moment before the applauding began. This crowd was just as lively as back at the club. I got off the stool and walked around the piano before curtseying for the crowd. 
And that’s when Erik decided to attack. I really hadn’t expected him to do it so publicly, but one moment I was rising from my curtsey, and the next, a maddened Vamp was lunging for my face. I managed to grab his throat with my left hand and his right hand with my left, turned him, and used his own momentum to throw him to the floor of the stage. I began pulling his magic into me, and he punched me in the face with his left hand while I did, so I pulled on my store of Vamp magic and lifted him off the stage before slamming him back down at Vamp-speed. His head bounced off the floor, but he still reached up and scratched my arm. He was getting weaker by the second, and he knew that. In one last-ditch effort, he reached for my throat. I used Werewolf magic and squeezed his neck until I heard the bones crack and his limbs went limp. Well, hell.
There was a split second where the entire room was silent before the chaos started. Some were cheering on the show, some were screaming in outrage, while some were just freaked out. I would fall under the last category, but I wasn’t screaming. Instead, I just sat there looking at the Vamp I had killed. A hand came into my vision, and I expected it to be Roman’s, so I grabbed it, and he helped me up. I turned to see Augustus standing there. 
“Are you all right, Sunny?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
He turned to the crowd, and I could see he still had a mic in his hand. “That was quite a show. It’s not every day you are able to see such entertainment. Thank you, Sunny.”
Really? He’s thanking me for killing a Vamp. I refused to tell him he was welcome, so instead, I left the stage. Augustus motioned toward the back of the stage, and several Vamps came forward to drag the body away while the band got back into position. 
Roman met me at the bottom of the steps leading from the stage. “Are you all right?”
“She’s fine. Our little Thief is quite the killer,” Augustus said from behind me. 
Roman nodded. “Sir, I request the rights to all of Erik Roberson’s holdings.”
“Why? It was I who brought him along for the show,” Roman’s bitch of a sister said. 
So she did bring him on purpose because she knew I would be here. 
“Desiree, you always bring the nicest gifts,” Augustus told her.
“I aim to please, Augustus.” She slid up beside him and began kissing his neck.
Oh God, I think I might be sick.
“He attacked my guest and was subsequently killed by my guest. In the laws of battle, any opponent killed by me or one I consider to be mine is considered my kill. As his killer, I wish to claim his holdings.”
“Just earlier you said she wasn’t yours to give,” Augustus countered.
“She is not mine. She is merely my guest, therefore, my responsibility for the evening.”
“Semantics, Roman. Very well, you can have his holdings. Your little Thief earned it.” Augustus winked at me.
Desiree stopped kissing Augustus’s neck and began to pout.
“Don’t be saddened, darling. I have a surprise for you later.”
She smiled seductively, and I wanted to puke again.
“We will take our leave then, my lord. I don’t believe Sunny is feeling like celebrating any longer.”
“Oh, yes. You must take care of the abomination,” Desiree snarled. 
“Please do take care of her, Roman. Lucian would have my head if anything were to happen to her,” Augustus said to Roman, then turned to me. “Sunny, as always, it was a true pleasure to behold your beauty tonight.”
“Thank you for a most memorable evening, Augustus. Desiree.”
I turned and walked off. That was as nice as I could possibly be, and to be honest, I was surprised I managed to be that pleasant. Most memorable evening, indeed. I wouldn’t wouldn’t forget it anytime soon or that bitch Roman calls sister. Call me an abomination, will she? I would kick her ass to Timbuktu and back, then we’d see who the abomination is. 
“Are you going to stew the whole way home?” Roman was standing beside me while we waited for the limo. 
“I’m not stewing. I’m planning.”
“I truly feel sorry for those involved in this plan.”
“You should.”
“Am I to be involved?”
I just looked at him with one brow raised. 
“Look on the bright side. I received approval for Tristan. He will be welcomed into the Vampere nation.”
Oh my God, what had I done to my beautiful boy? I’ve cursed him to have to deal with this for the rest of his days. 
“Don’t look so horrified, Sunshine. I will always protect what is mine.”
I looked at my arm where the scratches were still visible. They were bleeding slightly, but with luck, there will be minimal scarring. “Really? Where the hell were you tonight?”
“I wasn’t expecting such a public affair. I will know better next time.”
“I sincerely hope you are aware that next time won’t involve me because it will be a cold day in hell before I go to another Vampere soiree.”
He looked at my arm for a second. “Don’t freak out?”
“Don’t freak out? Freak out about what?”
Roman bent down and licked up my arm. Taking the blood and sealing the wounds at the same time. Vampere saliva has healing abilities, as well as a numbing solution. It wouldn’t do anything for internal bleeding unless you drank it, but who would want to drink Vamp spit. For exterior cuts, it could work some miracles. My cuts would be fully healed by the time I got home.


Chapter Twenty-One
“Not tonight. I’ve got a headache.”


“So, your sister’s a real peach, huh?”
We were sitting in the back of the limo, and I was trying to massage away the pain that had begun pounding in my head. Between taking the Witch’s magic this morning and the Vamp’s tonight, I felt like my head might explode.
“She is not without issues, just like the rest of us.”
“Oh, I would say she has more than her share.”
“Her biggest fault is that she tries to please everyone.”
“It sure looked like she wanted to please you all right.”
“We are nothing but siblings, Sunshine.”
“I’m sorry, but where I come from siblings don’t rub themselves all over each other.”
“It is not her fault.”
“Then whose fault is it? I didn’t see anyone holding a gun to her head.”
“She wasn’t given the proper upbringing a Vampere child should be given. Our sire raised her to be what he wanted.”
I took a shot in the dark. “A piece of ass?”
He gave me a warning look. “A tool. That was all we were to him.”
“The Roman. That sounds more like a title than a name.”
“Yes, similar to the Thief.”
“Mine makes sense because I steal people’s magic. What does yours mean?”
“I am Roman, the last of a great empire.”
“Uh, you know Rome still exists, right?”
“Yes, but the Roman Empire is long gone. All that remains is a city and relics.”
I rubbed my head again. The aching was growing in intensity. “So you’re the last Roman. That’s why they call you that?”
“That is part of the reason.”
“What is the other part?”
He just smiled. 
“Fine, whatever. I don’t care about your sister’s upbringing. She’s a royal bitch any way you play the cards. You were raised by the same man, and you turned out…uh, not an insane bitch.”
“I will try to take that as a compliment.”
“You do that.” 
I laid my head on the back of the seat. It hurt just to move. I couldn’t continue on at this rate. It was just last night I vowed not to see Doyle again, but I would have to chance it. It would be better to beg Roman’s forgiveness than have my head explode. 
“Are you all right?”
“Fine. Tired. I’m ready to go home.”
“You look as though you’re in pain.”
“Just a headache, Roman. I can’t imagine why.”
My head hurt just talking. I wasn’t going to make it to Doyle’s if I didn’t do something, so I held out my hand and called on the Witch’s magic to create a flame. Brennan would shit a brick if she saw me doing this. 
“Are you cold? Because I can think of no other reason for creating fire in the backseat of a moving vehicle.”
“The flame soothes me.”
“Why do you need soothing?”
“Probably because some jackass Vamp keeps asking me a million questions.”
“Don’t try to turn this on me. Explain to me why you need the flame.”
My head was still pounding, but I extinguished the fire. “There. Are you happy? Now, leave me alone.”
“You are in pain. Why?”
“Stop nagging me. I told you I have a headache.”
“Yes, but what is the cause of the headache.”
“I can think of one big cause, and he happens to be sitting next to me.”
“I did not do this.” 
He reached forward to touch my head, and I pulled away. The last thing I needed was to absorb some of his magic too. It already felt like my brain stem was being fried. “Don’t touch me. I just need to go home.”
He pulled back his hand. “We are nearly there.”
“Good.” That meant I was one step closer to having Doyle pull this excess magic out of me.
The limo pulled into my drive a few minutes later, and I did my best to wait patiently for the driver to open the door. When he did, Roman stepped out and held out his hand for me. I got out without taking his offered hand and started for my front door. I would wait inside until Roman was gone, then I would go find Doyle. 
“I am sorry for tonight. I didn’t think you would be attacked, or I never would have taken you there.”
I took a deep breath and released it. “It’s all right, Roman. It wasn’t your fault. Bye.”
“No good-night kiss?”
I rolled my eyes and the pain in my head almost had me passing out. “If it was a good night, I might consider it.” 
I unlocked the door and entered the house, effectively cutting off any more protests. I leaned against the door and took a deep breath. My brain felt like it was about to split in two leaving me a drooling puddle on the floor. I looked out the peephole and saw the taillights of the limo as it turned onto the main road from my driveway. I stumbled to the kitchen and grabbed my keys off the hook before returning to the front door since my car was parked there. I started out the door before I realized Roman was leaning up against my car still in his tux, sans jacket.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“I could ask you the same thing.” He started closer to me. “Where are you going in such a rush?”
“I…I just need something. Not that it’s any of your business.”
“What do you need, Sunshine?”
“Just something for my headache. You can go now.”
“Is it because of the Vampere you killed? Is that why you are in pain?”
“I told you, it’s none of your business.”
He continued moving closer until he was right in front of me. “You know, I spent an exceptionally large amount of time last night wondering what a lowlife like Doyle could possibly possess that would interest you. I know it’s not the sex. A beautiful woman like yourself could have any lover she wanted, so why choose an incubus. What could an incubus offer other than sex? And then it dawned on me. He takes your excess. You absorb others magic, but I’m sure there is a limit to the amount you can hold. Correct me if I’m wrong.”
I just looked at him. 
“That is what I thought. And now you plan to run to this incubus to release the magic you took from the Vampere. You would risk never seeing your child again for this?”
“You don’t understand. It wasn’t just the Vampere tonight but a Witch this morning. I was already at maximum capacity, and now I feel like I might die if I don’t find release.” I was practically crying, which really pissed me off. 
He reached forward and stroked my chin. “You will tell me later about this Witch, but for now, I will ease your suffering.”
My eyes widened. “What? No, you’re not! There will be no fanging tonight.”
He simply smiled. “You would rather feed your body to a Demon than allow me to take from you.”
I crossed my arms, and his smile widened. Before I knew what he was going to do, he had pushed me back into the house. I thought he might attack, but he just leaned against the door and crossed his own arms.
“What are you doing?”
“Waiting for you to decide to allow me to feed from you.”
“I could drain you dry of your magic.”
“And I could have you tied to a chair before you ever managed to touch me.”
“Ha. You don’t know where I keep the rope.”
He reached into the back pocket of his trousers and pulled out a length of twine about five feet long. It didn’t look very thick, but I knew looks could be deceiving.
“Do you always carry rope in your back pocket?”
He tilted his head to the side in a half shrug. “It’s good to have in emergencies.”
“Like what? An emergency BDSM scene?”
He just smiled. The images that popped in my head made me smile back. I could just picture some busty blonde screaming. “Help. Somebody help me. I need tying up.” Enter Roman and his length of rope. “Don’t worry, ma’am. I’m a doctor.” I laughed aloud, and the pain in my head had my laugh turning into a cry. Roman leaped forward and grabbed me.
“Please, Sunshine. I can’t stand to see you in such pain. Allow me to take from you. I promise I will only take what you give.”
I slowly nodded. I just couldn’t stand the pain anymore, and although Roman was the last person I wanted to bite me, it wasn’t worth the repercussions of going to Doyle. The only problem I had was the intimacy that came with a Vampere’s bite. Their magic is designed to make their victim enjoy being bitten. Most claim it’s orgasmic. Since I’ve never allowed one to feed from me, I didn’t know for sure, but given mine and Roman’s past, I would guess this was about to get intense.
He pulled me closer to him slowly while he nuzzled my neck. I could feel his tongue sliding across my skin, and I tried to think of anything else, but it was futile. He struck so fast I didn’t feel it. The numbing agent in his saliva probably helped with that. Or maybe it was the immediate feeling of euphoria that overtook me. I could feel his magic as it entered me and merged with my own. I tried to separate mine from both the Witch’s and Vampere’s, but in the end, it didn’t matter. He could sense the difference and began taking the magic that wasn’t mine. I was eternally grateful that I didn’t need to concentrate on which magic he should take because I was too preoccupied with the intense passion coursing through my veins. I could feel him through every inch of me, and all I wanted was more. More of him, more of this, just more.
I ran my hands along his back and every muscle tensed. He was driving me crazy with need, so I ran my nails down his back over his shirt to prove my frustration to him, and he moaned in response. I was panting and rubbing myself against him in a rhythmic motion as I roamed my hands over his body. God, he felt so good, and I wanted him as I have never wanted another. 
The orgasm overtook me so intensely that I thought I might fall, but he had his arms wrapped tightly around me, and there was no way he would let me go. His name became a chant on my lips until it sounded as though he were a God I was praying to. I reached for his pants, and he grabbed them; then, he pulled back before licking the wound. I didn’t give him a chance to get away. My lips were on his before he could say anything, and as our tongues entwined, for a brief moment, I realized he didn’t taste like blood. All I could taste was the remnants of the magic he had taken. 
There was no more room for rational thought. There was only one thing that had my synapses firing, and that was him—his touch, his kiss, his hands running over my body, his body pressed against mine. It was at once a soothing balm for the fire burning within, and an accelerant making me want more. I again reached between us for the waist of his pants, but he pushed me against the wall and covered my body with his, effectively blocking any attempts I could make to disrobe him. He put his hand in my hair and yanked it back, causing me to bare my neck to him again; then he licked a path from my collarbone to jaw and took a little nip. I gasped, and he pulled back, letting up on my hair enough so I could look into his eyes. 
“God, you make me want so much when you look at me like that.”
I smiled seductively. “You have me wanting too.”
He smiled sadly. “I’m not the monster you think I am.”
“I know.”
He released me and took several steps back. I was horrified. Did I do something wrong?
“I won’t take you like this. How could I ever know if it was me or the magic that has you so wound up?”
“It’s you. Trust me.” I took a step toward him, but he held up his hand to stop me.
“I want to believe you, but I need to know for sure. Later, if you still want me, I will not deny you.”
“What? You’re leaving?”
“For tonight.”
Now that pissed me off. He had purposely gotten me all hot and bothered, and now he was standing me up. 
“Fine. Go. I can assure you it will be a cold day in hell before I come begging for you to have me.”
“You won’t have to beg, Sunshine. A simple yes will do.”
“Get out!” I walked to the front door and opened it for him. “You wanted to know if it was you or the magic. It was definitely the magic. It made me forget temporarily what an asshole you are.”
He moved closer to me. “Good night, Sunshine.”
He bowed slightly before walking out the door, and I slammed it behind him, then locked it for good measure. God, I was such a mess. The truly sad thing was that I missed him already. One thing this night made me realize was just how much I yearned for that man. 


Chapter Twenty-Two
“Drunk dialing”


I slept late the next morning, primarily because of my lack of restful sleep throughout the night. It took me forever to get comfortable, and when I finally drifted off, I was plagued with dreams of Roman rebuking my advances. I wasn’t going to dwell on the implications those dreams held about my psyche and what a gentle state it’s in.
It was three in the afternoon when my cell started ringing. I didn’t recognize the number on the caller ID. “This is Sunny Dubois.”
“Hi, Mom. It’s me.”
I was shocked into silence for a moment. “Oh, my beautiful boy. It’s so good to hear your voice.”
“I’ve missed you too.”
“Are you all right? I know it’s a lot, and it’s going to take some time to fully come to terms with everything.”
“Yes. I’m all right, and you’re right about everything but I’m glad it happened, and I’m glad it was Roman.”
“He’s treating you well then? Like a Vampere father should?”
“Yes. He is a good father. Just as you’re a good mother.”
“I love you, Son. Never forget that. My love for you is endless.”
“I’ve never doubted that. Who knows what you’re in for to Roman for changing me.”
“It was worth it. You’re worth it.”
I could practically see him smile. I wanted to talk to him about everything he had been going through over the last several days, but I wanted to catch the person that did this even more. “I don’t mean to turn to business, but did Roman ask you about who did this to you?”
“Yes. I don’t remember much. There was this guy at my door, and then I was being beaten, but I didn’t see the person doing it. When I came to, I was being pushed out of a van. I remember seeing Carly, and then I passed out again.”
“I already know what the Vamp, who took you, looked like.”
“Through your magic?”
“Yes.”
“Did you find anything else out?”
“No. He put his mojo on you, and you followed him into a black Mercedes without tags. That’s all I’ve got.”
“That’s more than me.”
“You just concentrate on getting a handle on things. I want to see you as soon as possible.”
“I want to see you too. Roman is planning to take me to meet his grandsire, which I guess makes him my great-grandsire, in a week or two depending on how I progress. Maybe you could come with us.”
“I don’t think Roman would like me tagging along.”
“Actually, he was the one that mentioned it but thought it would be better if I asked.”
“Why would he possibly want me to go with you to meet his grandsire?”
“So you’ll know more about where I come from. My new family.”
“I’ll admit I’m interested in meeting the guy, especially after all the secrecy surrounding Roman’s sire.”
“Yeah, I haven’t gotten much on that front either.”
“I’ll go if you want me to, Son. Hell, at this point I’d go to the gyno if you said you’d meet me there. Okay. That came out a bit creepier than I intended, but I’m sure you got my point.”
“Uh, yeah. Just for future knowledge, never bring up the gyno in conversation with me again.”
“Duly noted.”
“I guess I should go. I’m supposed to be resting. Roman said newly made Vamps tend to be more nocturnal, and it won’t be until I come into my full powers that I’ll be able to survive on hardly no sleep at all or sleep whenever I feel like it. Did you know there are some Vamps that are so old they get tired of living, so they just go to sleep and hang out in a basement or something for a hundred years or so, then get up and go at it again?”
“That sounds like something a Vamp would do.”
“Hey, just remember I’m one of those Vamps you hate so much.”
“I don’t hate Vamps. Just a select few, and you are absolutely not on that list.”
“It’s a good thing. I’d hate to have to come over there and show you a thing or two.”
“I think you’re getting a little big for your britches. Just remember who raised you. I can still put you over my knee.”
He laughed. “I love you, Mom.”
“I love you too, Tristan. Take care of yourself, okay.”
“Will do. I’ll call you in a few days.”
“All right. Good-bye.”
I hung up. So Roman wanted me to meet his grandsire. That ought to be awkward. I was the mother of his new great-grandchild. I bet that wasn’t something that was dealt with often. 
Speaking of awkward family meetings, I pulled up Brennan’s grandfather’s number. She had agreed to meet with him, so I had better make that arrangement—after I found out why he abandoned her.
“Hello.” The man who answered had a deep, scratchy voice.
“Is this Mr. Shane?”
“I’m not buying.”
“Whoa! Wait. Don’t hang up. I’m calling about your granddaughter.”
“Is this some joke?”
“Um, no. You are Brennan Shane, father to Caroline Shane, grandfather of Brennan Shane.”
“Listen here. I don’t know who you are, but I’m not answering whatever questions you have about that fire.”
“I don’t need those questions answered because your granddaughter already answered them for me.”
“Are you a medium of some kind?”
A medium? Why would he think that? “No, actually I’m an agent of the Council. My name is Sunny Dubois, and I recently met your granddaughter in an asylum for the criminally insane.”
“Bullshit. My granddaughter died over two years ago.”
“Why would you think that? There was the fire, and her parents and brother were killed, but Brennan survived.”
“That’s impossible. They told me there were no survivors.”
“Who? Who told you Brennan was dead?”
“Two humans. They said they were from the FBI, and my daughter and her family were dead.” He took a deep breath to control his emotions. “The last thing I ever told Caroline was that she was abandoning her family, and she could never come back. How could I say that to my own daughter?”
“Why didn’t she teach Brennan to control her magic? If she had prepared her, she would have never lost control.”
“You’re saying Brennan caused the fire? They told me it was faulty wiring.”
“I think we’ve established that they lied to you, Mr. Shane.”
“I want to see her. I’m her family. She belongs here with me.”
“She’s currently staying with the leader of the council and being taught to control her magic. I told her about you and asked her if she wanted to meet you. She said yes, and that’s the reason for the call. However, I will not force her to stay with you if that’s not what she wants. I have already told her she can live with me after she’s gotten a firm hold on her magic. You haven’t answered my question either. Why didn’t Caroline teach Brennan to control her magic?”
“Caroline was born a null, magicless. She thought she was an outcast. I tried to tell her the magic didn’t matter, but she never felt like she fit in. That’s why she left.”
“And she couldn’t teach Brennan because she didn’t know how herself.”
“She still should have brought the girl to us.”
“Brennan said she hid it. She knew her family didn’t like to talk about magic at all.”
He sighed. “I want to see her. I made mistakes, and I have paid, but I want to know my granddaughter. She’s my namesake. She’s all I have left.”
“I will call back with a date and time once I’ve talked to Brennan.”
“You’ll tell her I didn’t know, won’t you?”
“Yes. I’ll be in touch in a few days.”
I hung up and took a deep breath. That was a very unfortunate situation. Hopefully, something good could come out of it with Brennan and her grandfather. I really hope so. 
That night Roman wasn’t at the club. Carly just shrugged when I asked where he was. It didn’t surprise me she was less than helpful. I wasn’t worried too much about it, but I didn’t get a chance to tell him I wouldn’t be here tomorrow due to K’s wedding. I guess he’d figure it out when I didn’t show up.
I performed with the band and, afterward, decided to meet with some of the fans. I could use a fill-up on a couple of magics, and after Roman had siphoned off the excess last night, I wasn’t worried about overdoing it. There were several different kinds of Fabled there, and I made sure to take a small amount from each species. My bodyguard was a constant centerpiece in the room while I met with people and talked. After a while, I decided to go out to the lot and meet the people who had watched my performance from there. They greeted me with open arms and many drinks.
By the time the bar closed, I was hammered, and Mr. Beefy offered to drive me home. I gracefully accepted since I knew I was in no condition to drive. Mr. Beefy helped me into the backseat of his car, and we were off into the Fort Worth night. My mind instantly went to Roman.
Why hadn’t he come to the club tonight? Was it because of last night? Was he embarrassed by what happened? What did he have to be embarrassed about? He was the one that turned me down. Where does he get off getting me all worked up and then dropping me like a hot potato? I ought to give him a piece of my mind. I should insert right here that it was never a good idea to call a man who has scorned you while you are drunk as a skunk, but that was exactly what I did. I pulled out my phone and pulled up his number. I would tell him what was what.
It went to voice mail. Oh, he wanted to play that game, did he. “How dare you treat me this way. You act like a jerk last night; then you don’t even have the balls to show up tonight? You know what, forget you. I don’t need you and your teenage drama. I was perfectly fine before you came along, and I’ll be just as fine when you’re gone so you can keep your fickle fangs to yourself. I can’t wait for this case to be over so I can be rid of you.” 
I hung up. There, that should teach him. I looked in the rearview mirror in time to see Mr. Beefy eyeing me before he turned back to the road. 
When I got to my house, it took three attempts at putting the key in the lock before I hit pay dirt. I waved to Mr. Beefy before walking through the door and locking it behind me. I didn’t wait to kick off my heels and started undressing as I went to my bedroom. By the time I was there, I roughly took off the dress I had worn tonight—not for Roman—and climbed into bed. My phone started ringing, or maybe it was inside my head. Either way, it stopped after a minute, and I was out like a light. 
Someone was pushing my hair out of my face. I managed to open one eye and saw Roman sitting on my bed.
“Whyareyouhere?” I slurred.
“I came to make sure you were well after you drunk dialed me.”
“I’m fine. Peachy. Better than great.”
“You look it. Might I ask why you chose tonight to get drunk?”
I attempted a shrug, but since I was lying on my stomach, it didn’t really happen. “Adorin’ fans like buyin’ drinks.”
“I see. So you spent the evening with them since I wasn’t there.”
I rolled my eyes, and everything began to spin. I sat up. “The world doesn’t spin around you, Roman. Right now, it’s spinning around me.”
He pushed me down until I was lying on my back then he pulled the sheet back up over my chest. Oops. Guess I should have put some nightclothes on.
“I wasn’t suggesting the world revolved around me, Sunshine. Merely that perhaps you missed me.”
“I have missed you. But my aim’s getting better.” I started laughing uncontrollably. 
“If you weren’t drunk, I would be worried about that threat.”
I continued to laugh. When I finally stopped, he leaned forward and kissed me. My body reacted instantly. I tried to pull him closer, but he pulled back before it went too far. 
“Sleep, Sunshine. I will see you tomorrow.”
“Tease.”
“One day soon, I will kiss you, and I won’t stop unless you tell me to. But I won’t do it when you are drunk or under the influence of my magic. When I make love to you, it will be because you want me to.”
He leaned forward again and kissed my forehead, and I was once again unconscious.


Chapter Twenty-Three
“Bridezilla”


The next morning, I picked up Brennan and took her to a local day spa for the works. Afterward, we went back to my house to get ready for the night’s festivities. 
“Are you really going to wear your hair like that?”
“What’s wrong with my hair?” I had pulled it up in a bun. 
“Nothing if you’re trying to look like a schoolmarm.”
“And, what would a seventeen-year-old girl know about schoolmarms?”
“More than you’d think. Come here, and let me fix it.”
“Okay, but try to keep it within a foot of my head. I don’t feel like having to make sure I don’t poke anyone’s eye out if I bend over.”
“Ha-ha. Oh, ye of little faith.”
A few hours later, we were on our way. Both the wedding and reception were to be held at the Lakeview Hotel in Toronto. 
“This is so cool. I’ve never been to Canada before. Or through a portal. This going to be awesome.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Well, excuse me, Mrs. Sourpuss. You’re just mad because you have to get up in front of a bunch of people and pretend to be nice.”
“I have fears too, Brennan.”
“Like?”
“Uh, falling on my face in front of a bunch of people I don’t know.”
“Pfft. If you fall, all you have to do is get up, shoot them all your evil eye, and carry on like it never happened. Trust me, no one’s stupid enough to laugh—at least not to your face.”
“Thanks, Brennan. That makes me feel sooo much better.”
“Anytime.”
We arrived at the hotel to find it packed with people. I gave the keys to the valet, and we picked our way to the concierge desk. They told me I would locate the bride and her entourage in conference room three and vaguely pointed which way we should proceed. I turned to find the lobby even fuller than when we walked in.
“Outta the way, bitches. Hot chicks coming through.” Brennan started into the crowd pushing aside the people that didn’t move out of her way fast enough. “I said move it. You don’t want to piss off the Thief, not if you want to live that is.”
All eyes were immediately on me, and I ran to catch up with her. “Could you keep it down?”
“Why? If I had a nickname that made people tremble with fear, I would shout it from the rooftops.”
“That’s the difference between you and me. I would prefer not to have the excess attention.”
She shrugged. “Suit yourself. It got us through the crowd, didn’t it? She said conference room three?” She pointed to a sign on the wall that listed the conference rooms with an arrow showing which way they were. She started down the hallway without looking back leaving me standing there frustrated.
When we got to room 3, I had barely knocked when the door was flung open, and I was drug inside.
“Sunny, oh thank God. I didn’t think you were coming. I mean, I knew you would come. I was just afraid you wouldn’t. You’re such a good friend. What would I do without you?” There were streaks down K’s face and more tears in her eyes waiting to fall.
“K. Get a hold of yourself. You march over there and fix your makeup right now. I’ll not have my best friend getting married with mascara streaks and rosy cheeks. Well? On with you.” I made a shooing motion with my hands.
She looked shocked for a moment before she nodded once and turned for the mirror setup in the corner. A glance at the other ladies in the room showed looks of relief. I looked behind me to see Brennan had managed to sneak in and take up residence in a corner. I decided to steer the subject off the wedding and all the stress that went with it.
“K, I’d like you to meet my date.”
K turned around with a look of shock on her face. “Date? How could you bring a date!”
“Uh, the invitation said plus one. Doesn’t plus one equal bring a date?”
“Not for you! All the invites said that. How could you? This is a disaster!”
I tried for my best Yoda impersonation since she was a Star Wars fan. “One extra person a disaster does not make.” 
She didn’t even acknowledge my attempt. “You’re really dense, aren’t you?”
I raised a brow at her. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t just say that. K, I would like you to meet Brennan, my date for this evening.” I looked at Brennan in the corner. “Brennan, this is K the psychotic friend I told you about.”
Brennan gave her a small wave. “Hey. She means that in a totally platonic, not gay kind of way. ’Cause I don’t swing that way if you know what I’m saying.”
“She’s? Oh. Oooh, I see. Whoo, that’s a relief. It’s nice to meet you, Brennan.” She turned back to the mirror and returned to working on her makeup.
“Uh, it’s nice to meet you too. I think.” 
She looked at me, and I put my finger to my temple before twirling it around in a universal sign for crazy. Brennan nodded enthusiastically. I had better tread lightly with K this evening. She was wound up tighter than Dick’s hatband.
“So, other than the whole crazy face, you look beautiful tonight.”
Her eyes narrowed at my reflection in the mirror. “You’re late. I wanted you here hours ago so you could help me get ready.”
“You didn’t include that in your little care package.”
“That dress looks great on you by the way.”
“Thank you. I really like it. Your dress is amazing of course. Marcus is lucky to have found you.” 
K had an eye for fashion, and her dress was perfect. It was a slim fit instead of something poufy, and it fit her like a glove.
K came back to me with renewed makeup and hugged me tightly. “I’m so glad you’re here, Sunny. You always know just what to say to keep me on track. Marcus is like that. He knows how to help me without smothering me too. I am a lucky woman.”
“Aw. Shucks.”
She punched my arm. “Take the compliment. It won’t kill you.”
“Thank you, K. I consider myself lucky too. Mostly because you haven’t killed me yet.”
“Ha-ha. Now come over here and meet my other friends before the wedding begins.”
She told me there was no time for a practice session, and something told me she was lying. Why, I didn’t know, but I wasn’t going to argue. At eight o’clock on the dot, a no-nonsense-looking woman entered the room and threw a bouquet in my hand. Then she passed out the rest to the other three bridesmaids and told us to get into position. I wasn’t the only one who looked lost, so Ms. No-nonsense pushed us out the door and then guided us toward a set of double doors that led outside. She looked at us sternly. 
“The men have lined up already. Wait for the music before exiting. Don’t forget to walk with the music. The last thing we need is some speed walker messing things up.”
“Aye, aye, Cap’n.” I mock-saluted, and she gave me the evil eye before walking away. 
Brennan took her place. “I’m going to follow the queen bitch and find a seat. I’ll see ya after.”
I nodded, and she took off after the wedding coordinator.
“I’m so glad you were able to calm, Karen. She’s been a wreck all evening.”
I turned to the blonde in front of me. K had introduced her earlier as Rebecca. She was slightly taller than me, with long, beautiful blonde hair she had pinned up leaving a few strands down to hang in ringlets over her shoulders. 
I smiled at her. “Seems I have a way with calming her. It’s probably just because she knows I can’t tolerate her acting like a psycho. I’ve got that covered for the both of us.”
She laughed. “Between you and me, I’m just ready for this part to be over with so we can get the real party started. Have you seen the men Marcus has in his party?”
“Afraid not.”
“Whoo. I’ll take two, especially the best man. Me and that Vampere have a date. He just doesn’t realize it yet.” She winked at me.
“Vampere?” Dread pooled in my stomach.
I heard the music begin, and one of the doors was opened. One by one, the bridesmaids made their way down the aisle as I waited. Finally, K joined me by the door, and I gave her a brief hug before it was my turn to walk. She looked nervous, so I gave her a reassuring smile.
A hand was held out for me, and I took it before walking down the steps to the sidewalk leading up to a beautifully decorated gazebo. I looked over and saw it was Roman’s hand I was holding. He smiled at me while holding his arm out, and I took it. No wonder K flipped out when I told her I had a date. She was probably anticipating the fallout from Roman. 
We walked down the aisle to the beat of the music, and when we got to the gazebo, instead of releasing me and going to his position, he walked me to my spot, then kissed me softly before walking over to the groom’s side to stand beside Marcus. I should have known he would be the best man. I had hoped his and K’s past would have him uninvited or at the very least only invited as a guest and not a member of the wedding party. 
I searched the audience for Brennan and found her on the third row seated next to Lucian. She caught my eye and gave me a quick thumbs-up. Then she looked meaningfully at Roman and back to me before pretending to swoon. I rolled my eyes, and she smiled knowingly while nodding. My attention was pulled to K as she started up the aisle. She looked absolutely beautiful in her wedding dress. I was wrong. The rose in her cheeks made her look like the ultimate blushing bride, and I couldn’t have been happier for her. 
When she arrived at the altar, she handed me her bouquet, and I gave her a quick hug in return. She smiled at me before turning her attention to Marcus, who looked to be just as mesmerized by her as everyone else in attendance. 
The service was lovely with some traditional parts and some customized just for them. They had written their own vows that were both sincere and funny. And everyone laughed and cried. When it came time for the rings, Roman stepped forward and handed them to Marcus. He made sure to wink at me as he stepped back into position. 
After the rings and their kiss, which was disgustingly romantic, they walked back down the aisle as husband and wife while the rest of the entourage followed. Roman held his arm out smugly to me. As I took it, he leaned forward and whispered in my ear. “You look very lovely in that dress, Sunshine.”
I smiled at him. “Stuff it and walk, Roman.”
He smiled back, and we started down the aisle. I tried to concentrate on walking to the music, but my thoughts kept coming back to him, and what a fool I’ve been where he’s concerned. First, I let him take my excess magic knowing a Vampere’s bite is erotic. Then I get drunk, call him, and practically beg him to take me.
What was wrong with me? I knew Roman was bad news for my heart, but I couldn’t seem to control myself. No, those were isolated cases, and in both, I was under duress or intoxicated. The pain was too much for me to be able to put up a legitimate fight, and though getting drunk wasn’t my best idea, it wasn’t really my fault I acted irrationally while under the influence of alcohol. No, I wouldn’t blame myself for these actions. I blamed him.
He was the one trying to drag me right back under. Like he said before, he always gets what he wants and what he wanted was me, docile under his thumb. He probably didn’t even care about me. He saw an opportunity to have one of the strongest Fabled in existence at his side and was playing his hand to make that happen. 
By the time we were back inside the hotel, I had made a resolution. I wouldn’t allow my emotions for Roman rule my decisions anymore. I would keep my distance and do only what I must to close my case; then I would take a vacation or something. Anything to get away from him. Sure I would have to talk with him on occasion in order to see my son, but I would bide my time.
Eventually, Tristan would be old enough to venture out on his own, and I would be there for him, when I didn’t have to go through Roman to do it. Now, if I could just make it through the reception, I could do this. It should be easy. I’d use Brennan as an excuse to leave early. Just have a few drinks, toast the bride and groom, and get the hell outta here. 
“May I escort you to our table, Sunshine?” Roman hadn’t released my arm. 
“I’m capable of making it across the dining hall, Roman.”
“Oh, but it could be so much more pleasurable with me.”
I shot him an ugly look and took my arm back. Operation Vampere Shoot-down was a go. I walked over to where Lucian and Brennan had entered the room from the side door with the rest of the guests. “I’m glad you’re here, Father. I didn’t think about having to sit at the table with the wedding party.”
“I’m happy to be here, Daughter. This is a happy time for one of your dearest friends. I wouldn’t miss it. If you would like me to bring Brennan home with me after the reception, I could.”
I turned to Brennan. 
“I’m cool with that, as long as you’re not going to ignore me all night for Mr. Tall-dark-and-Fangy.” She waggled her brows.
I smiled. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
She winked at me. “Now, where’s the grub? I didn’t get all dressed up for nothing.”
“You go find a seat, and I’ll join you afterward.” I gave her a hug, and she turned to follow Lucian to a table.
I slowly made my way to my table. Several of the bridesmaids were already there as well as a couple of the groomsmen. I realized there were name tags, so I sat in the seat designated for me. K joined me a minute later. 
“Oh wow. That was incredible, Sunny.”
“Yep. That was one of the most beautiful wedding ceremonies I have ever seen. You looked amazing. I couldn’t be happier for you.”
She hugged me hard. “Thanks. I know this isn’t your thing, but I’m really glad you’re here.”
“You know me. I’m a sucker for light Elves.”
“I’m very glad to hear that.” I turned to see a blond man who looked very much like K. He walked over and hugged her before turning to me.
“Sunny, I’d like you to meet my brother Killian.”
“Oh, so this is the infamous brother that made your childhood such torture.”
He smiled. “I assure you it was the other way around.” He bowed to me. “It is the most extreme pleasure to finally meet you, Sunny.”
I raised a brow and K rolled her eyes. “Can it, Kill. Sunny’s not interested in you and your fancy talk.”
I laughed. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
“Well, excuse me for trying to impress a beautiful woman.”
I turned back to K. “You obviously never mentioned me to him.”
“Only all the time. I can’t recall a conversation with my little sister in the last half-century without her mentioning you. It has raised my interest quite a bit,” Killian clarified.
“Not to mention all the talk about the Thief and her abilities,” I added.
“I will admit that is rather intriguing too.”
I raised a brow, and he moved closer to whisper in my ear.
“I’ve always wondered if you were truly as dangerous as they say. I’ll also admit I find that rather appealing.”
“You like to flirt with danger. I think you’re in over your head.”
He stood back up and smiled. “We shall find out.”
I smiled back.
“Ladies. If you’ll excuse me, I have a designated seat I must occupy.” He winked at me. “I will see you later.”
I watched him walk over to the other end of the table, and I’d have to say, it wasn’t a bad sight. I glanced at the other side of Marcus and found Roman watching me. By his clenched jaw, he saw enough of our exchange to not like it. I raised a brow, and he raised one right back, so I rolled my eyes and turned my attention to K. Only, she was playing tonsil hockey with Marcus, so I pretended to straighten my dress, anything to keep my eyes off them or the Vamp on the other side of them. 
After a few minutes, everyone settled, and dinner was served. I tried to eat some, but it was very uncomfortable eating in front of a hundred people. The wedding table was set up on a makeshift stage that was raised about two feet off the floor. By the looks of it, after the meal, the table would be taken away, and the platform will serve as a dance floor. In the meantime, it meant we were the center of attention for all the tables surrounding us. 
Once the meal was finished, there was a steady crowd of people approaching the bride and groom congratulating them. I decided to take the opportunity to go talk with my guest for this shindig, so I made my way across the room to their table. A young gentleman was having an in-depth conversation with Brennan as I sat down. She turned to me and rolled her eyes. 
“Will you tell this fool that fire beats ice any day of the week?”
Okay, that wasn’t what I expected them to be talking about. I eyed the guy. He looked to be maybe eighteen with almost white hair and brows and glacier-blue eyes.
“You’re pretty short for Jotunn, aren’t you?”
His eyes narrowed. “Surely you of all people know looks can be deceiving.”
I smiled. “True, but I always expected Frost Giants to be more…manly.”
“And I’m not manly?”
“Well sure, in a scrawny, teenage sort of way.”
There was frost forming on his fingertips, and I saw Lucian lean forward slightly.
I smiled at the boy. “I’m just messing with you. I’m Sunny by the way.” I held out my hand, and he smiled at me.
“You think I’m afraid to touch the Thief?”
I shrugged, and he took my hand. I let a small amount of his magic fill a slot I’ve never filled before. As I released his hand, I smiled at him. Sometimes it was just too easy to use someone’s own insecurities against them.
Like most Fabled, there are truths and lies told about the Jotunn. For one, they aren’t actually giants, unless you’re referring to the fact that they are huge men. Typically, they were built like brick shithouses—the one in front of me being the exception. And though they do use ice magic, they tend to gravitate to southern regions. I supposed it made sense. Why would you need to create ice in somewhere like the North Pole? They were rare too. I didn’t know how this one knew K, but he was the first of his race I had ever met.
I turned to Brennan. “He’s strong. Really strong. But you’re stronger, so go easy on him.”
His eyes widened as her face split into a smile. She turned to him with a smirk. “So what was that about dueling? You name the time, and I’m there, buddy.” 
His eyes narrowed at her.
“There will be no dueling for you, Brennan. Not until you are sufficiently schooled in magic,” Lucian said, destroying her fun.
“Aw, come on Lucian. He was talking smack. You heard him.”
I patted her shoulder. “I think that is better known as flirting. Look it up.”
She was gaping like a fish. “No, he was…” She turned to him. “You were bragging about your strength.” He raised a brow, and her cheeks flushed. “Oh. Okay. I get it now.”
I wrapped my arm around her shoulders. “Stick with me, kid. I’ll teach you the really important stuff.”
“Like how to make every man want her?” 
I looked up to see Roman standing behind me. “Something like that.”
He smiled at me before shaking Lucian’s hand; then he turned to Brennan and bowed for her.
“It is lovely to see you again, Brennan. I must say you look stunning tonight.”
She looked self-conscious all of a sudden, and I rolled my eyes. 
“Thank you, Roman. You look great too.”
“I thank you.” He turned to me. “The bride and groom are about to dance the first dance. They would like us to join in for the next one.”
I looked at Brennan. “Duty calls. Try not to bust his balls too hard.” I tipped my head toward the Jotunn, and she blushed. 


Chapter Twenty-Four
“Love/hate relationships”


Roman led me to the dance floor as K and Marcus started their first dance. They looked wonderful together. I never really thought K would settle down, but I could see why she would pick Marcus as the one to do it with. 
Killian came over as the dance was ending. “There you are. I was just about to find you for the next dance.”
I opened my mouth to reply, but Roman did it for me. “She already has a partner I’m afraid.”
Killian eyed him as an opponent. “Does she now.”
“But I would be happy to reserve the next one for you,” I added to prevent any argument.
They both looked at me at the same time—Killian with interest and Roman with anger. I smiled nicely at both of them in turn before allowing my eyes to rest on the beautiful couple dancing in front of us. 
“Wonderful. I cannot wait.” Killian turned to Roman. “You can warm her up for me. It’s always best to start with a beginner before moving to a professional.”
“That is odd. And here I thought you were a womanizing freeloader.”
I pretended to ignore them.
“I suppose that is better than what I have heard of you, the Roman. I heard you killed so much that you finally turned that blade on your own sire just for the pleasure of it.”
“You’ve heard much. I would advise you not to believe everything you hear, Elf.”
Killian smiled at him while I gaped. “Oh, I only believe the truth. It’s one of our specialties you know, being able to distinguish truth from rumor. Have a nice dance.” He bowed to me and kissed my hand. “I will see you in a few minutes.” He winked as he rose, and I rolled my eyes but smiled. 
After he was gone, I covertly looked at Roman out of the corner of my eye. He was watching Killian walk away with a look of murder on his face. He turned to me, and I knew now wasn’t the time to ask him about it. The song ended, and another began, and Roman held out his hand to me. I took it, and he led me to the dance floor. He was an amazing dancer, and I would be lying if I said I wasn’t doing my best just to keep up. He set me up for a spin, and when I came back to him, he held me close. 
“I have missed dancing with you, Sunshine. There are so many things I have missed. Dancing would certainly make it into the top ten.”
“You have a list?”
“Oh yes, would you like to know what is at the top?” He spun me again and brought me back to him. 
I raised a brow. “I could imagine.”
He put his nose to my neck and breathed in. “I’m sure you could.”
I tried to keep my distance through the rest of the dance. As the song ended and another began, Killian was standing at Roman’s side.
“May I?”
Roman said nothing as he released me and took a step back. He bowed once, then left the dance floor. Killian took my hand, but I was still watching Roman. He walked to the edge of the dance floor to where Rebecca stood talking to another man. A moment later, she took his hand and joined him on the dance floor. 
I would not watch them dance. After all, I had my own dance partner who wasn’t too bad. He didn’t seem to like to show off as much as Roman, and so I didn’t have to work to keep up. 
“You’re very quiet. Did the Vampere put you in that bad of a mood?”
I smiled at him. “No, though he often puts me in just such a mood, he is actually containing himself tonight.”
“That’s refreshing. I hear he’s not one to make friends easily.”
“It seems you know a lot about Roman. Care you tell me any of it?”
“I can think of much nicer topics to discuss. Can’t you?”
“Like you?”
“Well, if you insist. I like quiet walks on the beach and intimate relationships with brunettes who like to steal other’s magic. Is that enough information?”
I laughed. “I have to say those criteria seem rather hard to fill.”
“I think you’re up for it.”
I laughed again. He was just so damn charismatic. 
“I like the way you laugh. It’s sexy as hell.”
“You definitely bring it out in me.”
“See, I knew I would rub off on you eventually.”
“I have to admit it’s odd to have a man hitting on me. Typically they avoid me like the plague. After all, I am the Thief.”
“Ah, but I have an advantage most of them don’t.”
“Really? And, what is that?”
“My little sister is your best friend.”
“So that makes you invincible?”
“That means you would never hurt me because you would be hurting Karen. And we both know you would never hurt her.”
I smiled at him. “Thanks, Killian. That’s one of the nicest things anyone has said to me in a long time.”
The song ended, and he bowed to me. “I am pleased you are happy. So does that mean I get to take you home tonight?”
I laughed. “Slow your roll, cowboy. The night is still young.”
He smiled back and escorted me off the dance floor. “In that case, I believe you need a drink.”
“Do you plan to get me drunk and take advantage of me?”
“Do you think it will work?”
I laughed. “Possibly. It was just the other night I…” Perhaps telling him about my phone call to Roman wasn’t the best conversation.
“You can’t leave me hanging like that. What did you do? Kiss a girl? Assault some stranger in the corner of a bar? Call your ex and rant about his shortcomings?”
“My, your imagination is quite lucrative. Nothing like that. I just made a fool out of myself. I’d rather not talk about it.”
 “Aw, come on. You’re not even going to give me a hint about what you did?”
I shook my head.
“You are a hard woman, Sunny Dubois.” He leaned closer and whispered in my ear, “Guess it’s a good thing I like it hard.”
My eyes widened. “And you are a scoundrel, Killian Delaney.”
He smiled at me. “I think you might just like scoundrels.”
I shook my head in mock disappointment.
I spent the next hour or so talking with Killian, visiting with Brennan, and trying to avoid Roman. K finally caught my attention and pointed toward the ladies’ room. I nodded and told Killian to excuse me for a moment. As I walked across the room, I saw Roman and Rebecca sitting at a table together. She was practically shoving her boobs in his face, and he seemed quite interested in them. I rolled my eyes and kept on to the restroom. 
“What are you doing with my brother?”
I stopped just inside the entryway to the restroom and looked at K. “Um, talking to him?”
“No, you’re flirting with him, and you need to stop right now.” She had both hands on her hips like a reprimanding mother. 
“You don’t want me to flirt with your brother?”
“Not when it might get him killed. No, I don’t.”
I couldn’t believe it. She didn’t trust me? She thought I would just drain him dry and leave him in a ditch somewhere or something. How could she think that about me?
“You think I would kill him?” My voice was small, and I hated the vulnerability that was obvious in it.
She came close and took my hands. “Not you. I know you would never hurt him. It’s Roman.”
“Roman? What does Roman have to do with this?”
“Like I said earlier, you’re really dense, aren’t you? Roman would kill Killian if you were to go home with him tonight. Or any other night.”
“Roman and I aren’t really a thing. It’s just a ruse we’ve been using to try to catch this killer.”
“It may be a ruse for you, but I can promise you it is not for Roman. Please, if you love me, leave my brother alone.”
“Roman doesn’t care who I date. Hell, right now he practically has his face in Rebecca’s cleavage. I have a right to be with whoever I want.”
“I know you do. You should be happy. I want you to be happy. I just don’t want my brother hurt in the process.”
“I wouldn’t let Roman hurt him.”
“Please, Sunny.”
“Fine. Can I at least talk to Killian if I promise not to go home with him?”
“As long as Roman doesn’t start anything with him.”
“I don’t think Roman cares who I talk to. Like I said, I wouldn’t be surprised if he didn’t start breastfeeding off Rebecca any minute now.”
“Now, that’s just gross. Get out of here.”
“Yes, Your Highness. Is there anything else this lowly peasant can do for you?”
“Yeah, just get with Roman already. I know you both want to.”
I rolled my eyes and left the room. She was insane. As I walked back into the ballroom, I saw Roman and Rebecca had moved to the dance floor while Killian met me at the entrance. 
“Would you care to dance?”
“No thank you. I think I need another drink.”
“Your wish is my command.”
We walked over to the bar, and I order a whiskey. If I was stuck here watching Roman have a good time while I couldn’t even really flirt with Killian because K would kill me, then the least I could do was drink. I watched Brennan stand from the table and hold her hand out for the Jotunn. He took it, and she led him to the dance floor. Great. Now everyone was having fun but me. 
“You seem in an exceptionally bad mood. Did something happen in the restroom I should know about?”
I looked over at Killian and smiled. “Your sister thinks I would cause your death if I were to go home with you tonight.”
“She must either overestimate your skills in the sack or underestimate mine.”
I laughed. “I don’t think that’s what she meant.”
“She really thinks you would kill me? I can’t believe that. I wasn’t lying when I said she talks about you all the time. I know she cares about you and part of that is trust. You can’t not trust someone, and still consider them your best friend.”
“It’s not me she doesn’t trust.”
His eyes widened, and he pointed to himself. “It’s me? She thinks I would somehow cause you to kill me?”
“No, it’s not either of us. It’s…” Roman walked up to stand beside me. “Roman.”
“Sunshine.”
Killian watched us both, and his eyes narrowed. Rebecca joined Roman at the bar and practically threw herself on top of him.
“Hey, Sunny. Having fun?” She was rubbing her hand up and down Roman’s chest.
“Loads. It looks like the two of you are getting on.”
“Not yet, but the night’s still young,” she said with a wink.
I smiled in response. God, was it wrong to want to kill her?
“The two of you seem to be getting along too,” Rebecca commented while glancing at Killian. 
“Oh, uh, yeah.”
“We were anyway. Excuse me for a moment, love. I need to have a talk with my sister,” Killian said while shooting Roman the evil eye.
“Killian, don’t. I don’t want anything to ruin her wedding.”
“I won’t have her telling you what to do either.”
“It’s not that big of a deal.”
“Perhaps not to you.” He smiled and squeezed my hand before releasing it. “Don’t worry. I won’t cause a scene.”
“Fine. Just remember this is her big day.”
He nodded once before walking across the room.
I watched Killian walk over to K, who had just sat after dancing with her husband again. He took the seat beside her and whispered in her ear.
“He was lucky he did not try to kiss you.”
I glanced at Roman. He was leaning against the bar with both elbows resting on it. Rebecca was still rubbing herself on him, but he was looking at me. 
“It isn’t any of your damned business what he does.”
“Oh, I think we both know better than that.”
“Why would you care? You seem to be quite contented with your blonde date.”
“Jealous, Sunshine?”
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
He raised a brow.
“Well, contrary to what you believe, I don’t care what or who you do. I hope the two of you have a great time tonight because I know I will be.”
He took a step forward, effectively causing Rebecca to take a step back to keep from being pushed over.
“I will kill him if he touches you. You think I will allow you to be with someone else? I will make the scene with Tristan on the roof look like child’s play.”
“How dare you threaten him! You’re standing here with your face practically in her cleavage, and you have the nerve to threaten someone for touching me.”
“You know I care nothing for her.”
“What?” Rebecca and I said at the same time.
Roman turned to Rebecca. “Thank you for a lovely time this evening, but I believe this little charade is over.”
Rebecca looked outraged before she turned and stomped away.
“You’re a real piece of work, Roman.” I turned to walk away from him too, but he wrapped his arm around my waist.
“You will not be getting away so easily.”
“Screw you, asshole.” 
I stomped on his foot, and he released me. Instead of walking over to K and Killian or even to Lucian and Brennan, I started for the door. Lucian had already volunteered to take Brennan home, so I had no reason not to leave. I would call K later and apologize for not telling her before I left. 
I made it out of the ballroom and into the hallway before Roman caught up to me. He put his hand on my shoulder to stop me. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Home. I can’t stand to see your face a minute longer.”
“I don’t think so. You and I have unfinished business.”
I turned to him. “What business would that be?”
He moved closer to me. “I seem to remember you begging me to stay the other night.”
Was he serious? Oh dear God, this man made me crazy. “Go fuck yourself, Roman.”
I started to walk away, but he grabbed my arm and pushed me against the wall of the corridor.
“I would much rather fuck you, Sunshine.”
I used Werewolf magic and pushed him away from me. He hit the other wall and looked at me. I started to walk away again, and he pushed me again a door to one of the conference rooms. I punched him in the face, and he grabbed me around the neck. 
“You think to just walk away from me again? I am getting seriously tired of that.”
“Let go of me or I will hurt you.”
He ran his nose up the side of my neck as he held me there. “Would you really?”
I tried to knee him in the balls, but he blocked me with his leg. “You’ll have to do better than that, Sunshine.”
I narrowed my eyes before punching him in the ribs on his right side. His arm came down to protect himself releasing me in the process. I tried to punch him in the face again, but he blocked me, so I pushed him away from me. He managed to stop himself before he hit the opposite wall and came at me at Vamp-speed. Before I could protect myself, he had opened the door behind me and pushed me into the room. I hit the wall and used it to bounce off of as I came back at him at Vamp-speed. He used my momentum to turn me, throw me into the wall behind him, and pin both arms beside my head. I used the last of my Werewolf magic to knee him in the ribs, and he released my left arm but managed to hold onto the right. I punched him in the jaw with my left. He grabbed my arm and pinned it beside me again. He was smiling. 
God, could there be a more frustrating man? I tried head butting him since he was too close to kick and my arms were pinned, but he was too fast. I released a scream of frustration, and he smiled broader before sobering. He just stood there holding me in place looking at my face. It seemed he traced every line with his eyes before they settled on my lips. He took his time moving closer, and I tried to keep my breathing calm, but I could swear they would be able to hear my heart pounding in the ballroom at the end of the hall.
He kissed both corners of my mouth before he finally placed his lips fully on mine. As I opened my mouth for him, a moan escaped me. There was just something so right about our lips touching and our bodies pressed together. As the kiss deepened, he released my arm to put his hand in my hair, fisting it and pulling slightly. I pulled my other hand out of his grasp and put it into his silky-smooth locks before pulling it hard enough he lifted his head, and I kissed his neck sucking slightly. After a minute, he pulled on my hair until I looked up, and he claimed my lips again. 
The more we kissed, the more urgent we got until I was pulling his bow tie off while trying to unbutton his shirt. I’m ashamed to say a few of the buttons didn’t survive the process, but I wasn’t too concerned with it. I was more worried about removing his shirttails from his pants so I could have open access to his chest. And oh what a chest he had. It was absolutely beautiful. Well sculpted and lean with just a sprinkling of hair along the top half until you reached his navel and the happy trail that started there. The thought of following that trail certainly made me oh so happy. There was only one imperfection—a single scar the size of a nickel just above his left nipple. I reached out and ran a finger over the scar. He moved closer and began kissing me again.
After a minute, I pushed him hard. He wasn’t expecting it, so he had to take several steps back. I used Vamp magic to push him against the opposite wall and pinned his arms beside his head. He smiled at me then leaned his head forward to kiss me again. I pulled back just before his lips touched mine, and his eyes narrowed. My head dropped to his neck, and he tilted his head to give me access, but I didn’t stop there.
I wanted to explore every inch of that beautiful chest, and he wasn’t going to stop me. My lips moved along his collarbone, and I took the opportunity to give him a nip. Just enough pressure to be almost painful, without breaking the skin. He hissed, and I licked where I had bitten him. My lips continued their track down to his right nipple, where I nipped again.
He must have been prepared this time because even though his breath hitched, he didn’t make a sound. I smiled against his skin before kissing my way to the other nipple to show it the same attention. He groaned when I bit this one, and before I knew it, I was against the wall, and his lips were on mine.
He reached down and cupped my ass before sliding his hand down my thigh and lifting it. I wrapped my leg around his hip, and he ran his hand back up my leg, taking my dress with it. He continued to lift it until it was on my waist; then he reached up with his other hand and slowly brought down the zipper on the other side.
The dress was strapless, so it fell down enough to show my bra. Roman lowered his head to my chest and began kissing each breast in turn. He pulled down one cup and took the entire nipple into his mouth. I moaned as the sensation was felt all the way to my core. But he wasn’t done. He reached up and pulled down the other cup and did the same to that breast. I put both hands in his hair and tried to stay upright while his other hand slowly slid down my body to my panties. He ran it along the top from side to side, and my breathing picked up even more. 
He took a step back, and my leg dropped. I looked at him with a pout. How could he leave me like this? But he just looked at me. After a moment, he smiled. Then he dropped to his knees and slowly ran his hands up my legs to the bottom of my dress. One tug, and it fell to the floor. I watched him as he tucked his thumbs in each side of my panties and slowly lowered them. I bit my lip at what I knew was to come, and he didn’t disappoint. He again ran his hand up my leg before lifting it onto his shoulder and burying his face in me. I moaned loudly and clutched at the wall on both sides, but there was nowhere to hold on to so I ran my hands through his hair. I was already so close I knew I wouldn’t last long. 
A minute later, I screamed Roman’s name as I came harder than I ever have before. I was panting, and my legs felt like jelly. Roman looked up at me.
“Liked that, did you?”
I smiled wickedly at him before pushing him backward. He landed on the floor with me on top of him. I kissed him hard, tasting myself on his lips. He tried to roll us, but I pushed against him. It was my turn to torture him, and I would get my turn, damn it. I scooted back before sitting up and looking down at him. He was so beautiful it was unbelievable. No wonder every woman wanted him. I wanted him, and I didn’t even want to want him. But no matter how hard I tried to deny it, I thought I would always want him.
“What are you thinking about?”
“How much I want you. How much I don’t want to want you.”
He raised his brows.
“But I want you anyway,” I finished with a smiled. 
He smiled back, and I ran my nails softly down his chest until I reached his trousers. I unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and then slowly lowered the zipper. I slid down his body taking his pants with me. He was commando, and I felt like a kid at Christmas ready to try out my new toy. I bit my lip, and he licked his. Instantly, I was under him with him staring into my eyes. 
“I want you to say yes, Sunshine. Tell me you want me to have you.”
“Yes, Roman. I’m yours.” 
He smiled before lowering his head to my neck and running his nose up to my ear. “I love the way you smell when we make love. I would have this scent every day for the rest of my existence.”
He kissed his way down my neck then back up over my jaw and finally took my lips again. I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his waist. It placed the head of his erection at my opening, and I wanted to push him forward so badly, but I waited. He ended the kiss and lifted up on his arms to watch me as he entered me slowly. I bit my lip to keep from screaming out. It felt so good, I wanted to yell it to the mountaintops. 
He began a rhythm that built in intensity until I couldn’t contain my moans anymore. I could feel another orgasm building, and I was about to go over the edge when he pulled back and flipped me over. I was powerless to stop him. It felt like my muscles had atrophied. I was his doll to pose as he liked. He entered me from behind and reached around to stroke my nub. I came again, and my strength was renewed. I met his thrusts as hard as I could, and he reached up, grabbed my hair, and pulled it. My head was wrenched back, but I still rocked against him. It was a fast, hard rhythm, and I loved the hell out of it. 
Finally, I could feel him growing inside of me. He pushed my head and upper body down to the floor as he increased his pace as fast and hard as an ancient Vampere was able. It was one constant friction causing another orgasm to overtake me. I yelled his name, and he screamed mine as he found his release. We both collapsed to the floor unable to move as the intensity of our lovemaking left us paralyzed. 
After a few minutes, he lifted me, laid my upper body on his chest, and stroked my hair with his hand. We lay there like that for quite a while, until I eventually dozed off with his heartbeat as my lullaby. 


Chapter Twenty-Five
“Devotions and deceptions”


I woke with the most alluring smell filling my nose. I opened one eye to see Roman freshly showered sitting on the bed watching me. Oh yeah, I slept with him last night. And apparently, I actually slept with him too since it seemed we were in a hotel room. I could only guess it was a room in the same hotel I fell asleep in or he had some ’splainin’ to do. I looked under the sheet to check, and yep, I was still naked. 
“Looking for something?” He was smiling.
“Just wondering a few things.”
“Like?”
“Did you already have a room here?”
He nodded. “Marcus asked me to come up here before the wedding. That is why I was not at the club.”
“So you came all the way back to my place the other night when I called you? Why?”
“To make sure you were all right. You were obviously inebriated.” He shrugged. “I couldn’t take the chance you would be unable to make it home. I called Charles on my way, and he told me Roland had taken you home.”
“Roland?”
“I believe you have been referring to him as Mr. Beefy.”
I nodded. “If you knew he had taken me home, why did you come anyway?”
He smiled at me. “Just to see you, Sunshine. I wanted to see for myself that you were at home safe and to make sure no other men’s scents were on you.”
I slapped his arm, and he shrugged. That was typical Roman. 
“And how did you get me to your room last night? I’m having this horrible vision of you carrying me naked through the hotel.”
He actually blushed. “In my defense, I did cover you with my coat.” My eyes widened, and he hurried to finish. “I couldn’t leave you in that room. Someone would have come by and found us. So I covered you and ran up the stairs to my room. No one saw you. Well, unless you count that maid I scared as I entered from the stairs. She was too busy trying to prevent herself from having a heart attack to worry about your nakedness. By the time she had caught her breath, I had the door open and you inside. No worries.”
“Wouldn’t waking me up have been a better option?”
He began stroking my hand. “You were sleeping so soundly.”
“And you didn’t want to risk me going home instead.”
He smiled, and for the first time ever, I saw vulnerability in Roman. He was afraid. Afraid I would have second thoughts and leave him. Again. I reached up and ran my hand through his hair before kissing him. He wrapped his arms around me, and I climbed into his lap. I ended the kiss and laid my head on his chest while he rested his chin on top.
“I love you, Sunshine. I have since the moment I saw you. Of course, I didn’t realize it that instant. It took a good night without sleep to realize I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I played back every movement, every word, and every look we shared that night. Finally, I knew. You were the one person I couldn’t live without. I never want to live without you.”
I lifted my head so I could look into his eyes. It was time I stopped lying to myself. The truth was that I had never cared for another man the way I’ve cared for him. Even when I found out he had lied to me, I couldn’t stop loving him. Now that I’ve had more time, I realize that there was no other way for this to go. Call it fate or destiny or whatever. I would always want this man no matter how much he pissed me off. And don’t misunderstand, he pissed me off a lot, but it didn’t change my feelings. Hell, if over fifty years of wanting to hate him hadn’t done it, then nothing would. 
I gave him a small smile. “I’m sorry, Roman.” Instantly, his expression became guarded. “I shouldn’t have left before. Lucian tried to tell me it was supposed to happen that way. I was meant to live on. But I didn’t want to hear it then. All I could think about was having to outlive my children. I didn’t lie when I told you I forgive you. Finding Tristan made me realize Lucian was right. I was where I was supposed to be. You saved me from death, and I saved Tristan. Now, you’ve saved him too. I owe you for everything.”
“You owe me nothing. I changed you for myself. It was no wonder you hated me because of it.”
“I never hated you. How could I hate someone I loved so much?”
He smiled. “I want us, Sunshine. I know it can’t be as it was before, but I want it however I can take it.”
“I want us too. Understand that doesn’t mean you’re going to be able to boss me around and expect me to do whatever you say, but I don’t mind setting you straight every now and then.”
“Set me straight?”
I smiled at him. “Yeah. You know, like last night when I bounced your head off the wall and kicked you in the ribs. How are those by the way?”
He grinned devilishly. “Perhaps you should show them your utmost attention. I believe they may even need to be kissed to make them better.”
“You are a bad man.”
“And you are a good woman.”
I laughed evilly before pushing him down on the bed.

“I’m going back to my house to change. I’ll meet you at the club tonight.”
We had spent the morning and part of the afternoon in this bed, but if I was going to spend the evening at the club with him, I needed a shower and a change of clothes.
“I would offer to accompany you, but I have to meet with my sister about a business transaction.”
“You know I don’t like your so-called sister, right?”
He smiled at me before kissing my nose. “You should know that you have nothing to worry about. Despite her attentions, she is my sister, and she will never be anything more than my sister.”
“So you’re saying you’ve never hit that?”
He bent his head and rubbed his forehead with one hand while trying for patience. After a moment, he looked at me. “I don’t think I’ve ever hit a woman before, for your knowledge, but I know what you meant, and the answer is no, I have not.”
“Excellent answer. I guess if you’ve managed to thwart her evil plan to get you into her bed all this time, then you should be safe for now. But just for your knowledge, now that we’re together, if she goes rubbing herself on you the next time I’m with you, it won’t be pretty. You might want to give her a warning.”
“I think the best course of action would be to avoid my sister for a time.”
“That sounds like a marvelous idea.”
“Except for today. I already told her this morning that I would meet with her today.”
I pretended to pout. Did I mention I hate his sister? He ran his thumb over my bottom lip. 
“I will see you this evening at the club. Would you like me to send Charles over to pick you up?”
“No. I’m perfectly capable of driving, thank you.”
He kissed my forehead. “It was merely a suggestion.”
“As long as you keep them to suggestions, we’ll be good.”
“Duly noted. Be careful, Sunshine.”
“Me? I’m always careful. Hell, it’s practically my middle name.”
He didn’t bother to respond to that, so I left the room and made my way to the lobby to have my car pulled around. By the time I got there, a valet was already waiting with the keys. I tipped him before starting my car. Sometimes Roman was really thoughtful. Sometimes.
I drove to my house and jumped in the shower. When I got out, I called K and got her voice mail, which was to be expected since she was on her honeymoon. I left her a message, telling her that I was sorry I didn’t tell her goodbye last night and that I hoped she had the best honeymoon in the history of honeymoons.
Afterward, I took my time picking out my outfit for the evening. There were still a couple Lizzy had picked out for me, so I chose one of them. It seemed odd. I had been dressing up and going to the club for over a week now, but tonight I actually felt nervous. No, not nervous. Anxious. I was anxious to see Roman. Wow. It was unbelievable what a night of good sex could do to a girl. If I were truly honest with myself, I would say that these feelings had been steadily growing since I first laid eyes on him again, but I wasn’t that honest. 
I was about to grab my purse to leave when the intercom at the gate buzzed. I checked the screen to see Charles in a car before I hit the button to open the gate. I grabbed my purse and checked my makeup as he pulled up to the front of the house. He met me at the bottom of the steps. 
“He just couldn’t take no for an answer.”
“It’s nice to see you too, Sunny.”
I sighed and started for the car. “Well, let’s get this show on the road.”
I noticed the passenger door of the car opening, and a Vampere stepped out. I looked at Charles, and he smiled. “He didn’t send me.”
I turned back to look at the other Vampere. He was the one that had taken Tristan from his home. That was when Charles stuck me with a syringe. I reached for his arm and began pulling in his magic, but it was slow in coming, and after a second, I couldn’t use my magic at all anymore. He smiled at me again.
“A little serum the doctors mixed up. You’ll be sleeping like a baby in a minute.”
I could hear another vehicle approaching, and the other Vamp walked around to stand beside Charles.
“Why? You’re in league with the humans?”
“Me? No, I’m just a spy for my mistress. She is the one who has partnered with the humans. Now she wants you out of the way. Why did you have to give in to him? I was able to convince her you didn’t want him and your relationship was a charade to try to catch the humans. She believed it until he told her this morning you were together. His happiness will mean your death.”
Everything was beginning to spin. I leaned against the side of his car. “Desiree. She wants Roman unhappy?”
He leaned in closer. “No, you silly girl. She wants Roman to be hers. You should have stayed away. It was the only thing that kept you alive. Now it’s too late.”
There were hands on me, and I could do nothing to stop it. They were wearing masks over their faces, but I knew they were human. They loaded me in the back of a van, and I was unconscious before we ever left my estate. 


Chapter Twenty-Six
“Everything you need, except someone to talk to”


There was the brightest light in existence shining into my face. I tried to cover my eyes, but the constant pounding made it impossible to go back to sleep.
“Would ya keep it down? I’m tryin’ to sleep.” Aah! It hurt to talk. My head was what was pounding. I tried opening my eyes, and it only made the pain more intense. I licked my lips and realized I was super-thirsty. How long had I been out? My memories came rushing back to me. Charles was a spy for that bitch Desiree. Oh, I was going to have so much fun killing that sad excuse for a Vampere. Roman probably wouldn’t like it, but he had the same pants to get glad in as he did to get mad in and that bitch deserved it. 
First I had to move. I tried to sit up and about threw up as a result. I heard someone walk into the room before a nasally male voice spoke. “Sorry for the headache. I’m afraid it’s an unavoidable side effect of the drug you were given.”
“I’m sorry, too, because your death is going to be an unavoidable side effect of pissing me off.”
“My, you are a feisty one.” He moved closer until he was practically whispering in my ear. “Let’s see how long it takes to break that spirit.”
I opened my eyes as I reached up and grabbed his throat before throwing him to the ground with me on top of him. I slammed my fist into his face, pulled back, and slammed it forward again.
Then I was lying on the floor, convulsing from the electrical pulse coursing through me. My muscles were locked up, while it felt like I was being punched over and over. 
After several seconds, it blessedly ended, and I lay where I had landed on the floor. As I lay there, I heard another male voice reprimanding the first. I opened my eyes, and everything was slow to come into focus.
“I told you not to antagonize the patients. How many times must you be told? This is experimentation, not torture.”
“She attacked me. I did nothing but try to bring her lunch.”
“I don’t need your lies.”
A hand came into view, and I took it. I tried to send my magic out to take this human’s energy, but it was gone. I looked inside myself, and it wasn’t where I could usually feel it. Nothingness, a hole was where my magic used to be. I also noticed a small bandage on my forearm in the place where my locator chip had been inserted. They obviously knew what they were doing to remove the one thing that would allow my location to be found.
“What did you do to me?”
The hand belonged to a man who looked to be in his late forties. He was dressed in an expensive suit that was tailored to fit him perfectly. I realized I recognized him. He was Neil Niobe, the billionaire who owned the Witch asylum. I remembered Tristan showing me a picture of him. “You are referring to your magic. It is this entire facility. You will not be able to access magic here.”
“Why not?”
“Now, I can’t reveal all my secrets. Don’t worry. As long as you behave yourself, your stay here doesn’t have to be an unpleasant one.”
“Why am I here then? If you’re not planning on killing me like the Vamps, why bring me here.”
He looked at me and smiled. “You’re special. Not some run-of-the-mill Vampere. You are unlike any other Fabled. That makes you valuable, indeed. Come, I’ll show you to your living quarters.”
“Cell.”
“I’m sorry?”
“You said living quarters. When you’re being held captive, the room you’re kept in is a cell. All prisons have them. Look it up.”
His smiled remained. “I like you, Sunny. I think we will have a long, lucrative relationship.” He opened a door and motioned for me to step inside.
“Lucrative for you or me?”
He just shut the door and locked it. 
“They do not care about us. We will be here until death takes us.”
I turned to see a woman with bright orange hair sitting on one of the two cots in the room.
“You are Fabled too?”
I wished I could have read her magic, but it seemed even that was gone from me now. Or maybe it was because her magic had been taken too.
“I am Phaedra. I was Fabled once, but no more.”
I moved closer to the cot. “They took your magic.”
“No. No one can take all of someone’s magic.” She eyed me. “Not without killing them. It is only suppressed deep within us. No access. I will die in here, and without my magic, I will not be reborn.”
Reborn? I took a good look at her. Her hazel eyes seemed to look right through me while her long hair flowed around her like a mane. If I squinted my eyes just right, it almost looked like flames. Flames. Reborn.
“A Phoenix. I thought there were no more of your kind.”
“I fear I am the last. The end of a great line. All will be lost soon enough.”
I knelt so I was right in front of her. “Bullshit! I refuse to believe we will die here. I’m a fighter, and I need you to be one too.”
“I was once. It has been so long ago.”
“Well, it’s time to get your backbone re-proportioned because we will be leaving here soon, and I’m going to need you to fly.”
She closed her eyes. “Flying. The gods, how I miss it.”
“I need you to tell me everything you know about this facility. Do you know its location or any determining factors?”
Her eyes popped open, and she looked mischievous. “I almost escaped once.”
“You did? How?”
“I stabbed a guard and ran. There were many stairs to climb, but when I reached the top, I felt renewed. I flew. For the first time in so long, I flew.”
“What did you see? Tell me in detail.”
She closed her eyes again. “There were fields everywhere I looked. Nothing but fields as far as I could see, except windmills. Windmills and wheat fields. Except. There was one road off in the distance. It was busy.”
“You mean like an interstate?”
She looked confused. “Many lines and lots of moving carts. More than I have seen in my lifetime.”
“Was there anything else? Any signs?”
“They shot me down. I fell, and much was broken. When they brought me back, we passed through a large gate. There was a sign on the gate. It said LabTech Pharmaceuticals. There was a small building with lots of windows, but they brought me back down here. That is all I remember.”
“That is enough. If I can get in touch with the right people, they will be able to find us.”
“They will be captured too.”
I laughed. “You don’t know the people I do. Do you know what keeps our magic suppressed?”
She shrugged. “Doc said it was the wind that kept us from our magic.”
The wind? Wait. She said there were windmills. She probably thought they were for grinding the wheat, but I know they aren’t used for that anymore. Windmills are for creating energy to power things. More than likely, they are what is powering the facility and whatever is suppressing our magic. Great. Now I have all the pieces to the puzzle, but I have no way of telling anyone else. I would just have to escape, so I could bring these assholes to their knees. They picked the wrong girl this time.
Several hours later, a guard came to get me, and I realized I recognized him. He was the human hiding behind a dumpster when the Vampere from Roman’s club was stolen. He was holding a Taser, and I didn’t doubt he would use it. He motioned for me to leave the room, and I did without a word. There was a time and place for everything, and I was sure he would get his. 
There was a hallway with several doors on each side, but the guard led me to an intersecting corridor, and I went in the direction he pointed. He stopped me outside a door and knocked. There was a voice from inside directing him to come in. He led me into the room and sat me in a chair facing a large desk. The man I had spoken to earlier was sitting behind it. He nodded at the guard who nodded once before leaving. 
After the guard had left, he looked me over.
“Perhaps you can answer some questions for me since it looks as though I’m going to be here a while.” I figured we might as well cut the pleasantries. My head was still hurting, and I really didn’t feel like playing.
He smiled. “I don’t think you are in the position to ask the questions.”
I continued as though he hadn’t spoken. “Why would a billionaire give a rat’s ass about Vamps? I mean sure there’s the whole living-off-blood thing, but really, that’s about it. Are you trying to be like them? Is that it, Mr. Niobe? You try to get a Vamp to turn you, and he shot you down. Can’t say I blame him really. I mean, who would want to be stuck with some middle-aged man with a perpetual stick up his ass for the next century or more.”
“Are you finished, Ms. Dubois?”
“Not by a long shot, but I’ll be happy to give you an opportunity to respond.”
“My reasons are my own. You think I would want to be a Fabled? You think your kind is better than ours?”
“See that’s the problem. Me? I don’t have a kind. Like you said, I’m an anomaly. Different from everyone, but I don’t like people picking on those who are weaker than they are. Those Vamps you stole couldn’t defend themselves. They didn’t deserve what you did to them.”
“Didn’t deserve it? They are monsters, all of them!”
“Whoa, someone has Fabled issues. What, you don’t like the Fabled, so you spend your free time experimenting on them? Is that why you own the Witch asylum?”
“Oh, this is much bigger than just me. I am just one of many. The headmistress was easy enough to manipulate. She was weak and wanted to hold onto as much power as possible. She would provide us with patients, and we used them for experiments until we learned all we could learn from them.”
“The Caduceus? Or did you think up a cooler name? I think the Justice League has already been taken.”
His eyes narrowed. Okay, his two easiest buttons: the Fabled and trash talking his little group.
“Did you know the Caduceus formed before Christ walked this earth?”
“You don’t say? It’s funny, I looked up the symbol of Caduceus, and all I found was info about the US Med Corps and Hermes. Wasn’t he the one with wings on his shoes? Doesn’t really strike fear in the hearts of his enemies.”
“You stupid woman. You know nothing. It is not surprising you found nothing about us. Ever hear the words secret society?”
“Ah. So you’re that kind of group. You know, it’s the twenty-first century. Don’t you think it’s time to come out of the closet?”
“I know what you’re doing. You hope to infuriate me until I lose control and tell you information I would otherwise not reveal. You can save your tactics because they will not work on me. I will inform you that the Caduceus are in every form of government in every country in the world, and the majority of their members are well connected. We have but one purpose—to eliminate the threat to the humans of this planet.”
“And I’m assuming the Fabled are this threat you speak of?”
He just smiled.
“Okay, then on a more personal note. What the hell am I doing here? I’ve never killed a human before. I was a human before I was made Fabled. How do you justify capturing me and holding me prisoner?”
“You are not here because I see you as a threat. You are here because you quite possibly might be the answer we have been searching for.”
“I’m not following. If you think I’m going to help you kill innocent people, you have the wrong woman.”
“I don’t believe you will help voluntarily, but lucky for me, your assistance isn’t really needed. Once we figure out how you were created, we could possibly find the answer to destroying the Fabled for good.”
“Yeah, I’m not really seeing that happening. Here’s the way this is going to go. I’m going to get free. Then I’m going to rally a group of the baddest mofos you have ever seen, and we are going to rain hell down on your little facility here. And me? I’m going to be coming for you. You have killed your last innocent.”
He laughed. “I don’t see how you are going to do that when you have no magic. You’re powerless, and there are a great many guards between you and freedom.”
I smiled back at him. “You forget that I was human too. I know how to survive without magic.” I shrugged. “You can heed my warning, but I know an egomaniac like you won’t, so we will just have to see how this plays out.”
“I think it’s time for your first session with the doctor.”
He pushed a button on his phone, and a few moments later the door opened. The same guard from earlier entered the room, and I stood.
“This has been a great chat, Neil. We’ll have to do it again soon.”
“Absolutely. Take care until then.”
I winked at him before turning to follow the guard. I was led to another room down the same hall I was kept in earlier. Only this room was set up like an operating room. There was a table in the middle of the room with several large, adjustable lights overhead. Cabinets and countertops lined the walls with various medical supplies laid out on top. The tray beside the table was what caught my attention the most. There were several scalpels, tweezers, a pair of pliers, and a drill of some kind laid out, as well as a couple of syringes.
“I take it this is the torture, I mean exam room?”
The man I attacked earlier walked into the room from a door off to the side. His nose was swollen, and his eyes were beginning to form bags underneath. 
“Hey, no hard feelings about earlier. ’Kay? It was the drug wearing off. Kinda made me testy.”
He looked at me with hatred in his eyes before he smiled evilly. “No worries, pet. I like when they fight back.” He looked at the guard. “Strap her to the table.”
“Straps? Nah, straps won’t be necessary. I’ve been going to the doctor for years. I know how to hold still.”
He smiled again. “I don’t think you’ll hold still for what I have in store.”
Douchebag number two was just added to the list.
The guard made sure the straps were nice and tight. By the time we would finish here, I’d be lucky if I could still feel my fingers and toes. 
“They call me Doc. It is my job to extract samples for testing and to obtain any information needed from the patients.”
“Hi, Doc. My name is Sunny, I’m a Sagittarius, who likes her freedom and punching men in the face. Is there any other information you need today?”
 “Oh, our session today won’t be about gathering information. After all, the Vamps who sent you here gave us more than enough. No, today I’m going to be gathering samples and paying you back for your little outburst earlier.”
I smiled at him. “Well, let’s get on with it then.”
He smiled in return. “My pleasure.”
He started it easy by taking blood samples none too lightly. Once he had that out of the way, he grabbed one of the scalpels off the tray, lifted my shirt, and proceeded to cut a small section of skin off my stomach. It was just the top layer, so there should be no lasting damage other than a scar. Once he had that in a tube with the necessary information written on it, he returned to the table and looked me over. My shirt was still raised, so he placed his hand over the bandage where he had just taken part of my skin. He dug his thumb into the cut before rubbing his hand over my stomach. 
“You are a very pretty woman.”
“Aw. You say the nicest things.”
“I’m going to love making you ugly. When I am finished, no one will want you. Not that you will ever leave this place anyway.”
“Are you just going to talk or are we going to get this over with?”
He smiled before he reached back and slapped me hard. I just looked at him. I could feel the blood run across my face from where he had split my lip, but I would be damned if I would give him the satisfaction of knowing he hurt me. He bent over and licked the blood off the side of my face. Now that was just gross.
“Mm. You taste good. Let’s see if I can’t get some more out of you.” He reached for another one of the scalpels on the tray.


Chapter Twenty-Seven
“Takin’ out the man”


“Oh my goddess, Sunny, are you all right?”
The guard pushed me into the room, and I fell straight to the floor. “Just fine. Give me a few minutes, and I’ll be right as rain.”
I tried to pick myself up, but the drugs he had given me left me unable to move my limbs still. Unfortunately, they didn’t deaden the feeling in them, just the motor function. 
Phaedra helped me onto a cot, then stood back uncertain. “I don’t know what to do. You have so many bruises and cuts. What can I do to help you?”
“There is nothing to do. I’ll be fine eventually. He made sure not to do any lasting damage. I’m sure he’s had years of practice at it.”
“Why did you anger him? He doesn’t hurt you when he’s not mad.”
I looked at her. This poor woman. What has that monster done to her during her time here? I reached for her slowly and took her hand. “I’ll be all right. Don’t worry.”
There was a tear in her eye, but she nodded.
That started a regular routine for me and the doc. He would try to hurt me as much as possible; then he would give me a day or two to heal before trying something new. He explained to me that they wanted to test me to see what my tolerance was, and what worked on me and what didn’t. They already knew electricity and their drugs worked like they were supposed to, so they moved on to the tolerance part of the experiment.
On the third day, several probes were placed on me in strategic places to measure my heart rate and brain function before I was submerged in a tub of water by the good doctor for ten minutes. He told me afterward that I wasn’t breathing, and my heart stopped for almost five minutes, but miraculously it started back, and I gasped for breath. A series of tests were performed afterward to measure my brain waves. Doc said with much chagrin that they read normally. I was dressed in scrubs and given the next day to recuperate.
The following day, I was again strapped with monitors before being taken to a locked room in the bottom level of the facility. There was a panel beside the door with a digital display showing it was negative five degrees. Doc unlocked the door and threw me inside. Though there was a light inside, everything was covered with a thin layer of frost. I knew what I would find here, though. I ran over to the first Vamp. It was Elena Carter. I wiped the frost from her eyes, and she looked at me. Even though she was frozen solid, she was still alive, and I breathed a sigh of relief.
“Elena, my name is Sunny Dubois. I’m going to get us all out of here, but I need you to hold on just a little longer. You can do that. Your mother is worried sick about you, and I’m going to return you to her. Just—hold—on.”
She didn’t respond. I hadn’t expected her to, but there was a lot to be said about hope. It could change the world, or it could cause a scared Vampere to not let go, even though she was in pain. I visited the other three victims to tell them the same thing. Only the last victim was still alive, but there was no way to say for how long. After a while, it became hard to keep moving so I took a seat in the corner to wait for them to release me. 
Release didn’t come. My entire body began shutting down from the cold, and I was lucky that my brain was one of the first organs to go into stasis. At least I wouldn’t have to feel the cold burn if I was unconscious.
I was in a tent, and there was a flame dancing on the canvas roof. I watched the flame wishing I could touch it. Cold. I was so cold. Just the thought of it made me shiver.
“There is no cold here child. We are in the middle of the desert after all.”
I turned to see Aerystasia. She looked much better than when I first met her.
“And you look much worse. Time has not been kind to you.”
I wanted to tell her everything. She was my only hope, but that wasn’t what first came out. “Did you find him?”
She smiled like I had not seen before. “I did. I owe you much.”
“I’m glad you are able to be happy, Aerystasia. You deserve it.”
She smiled again. “I know you are not just here to check on my love life.”
“I’m imprisoned by humans. They have suppressed my magic and are…I don’t want to get into that.”
“You have gone into such a deep unconscious state that you have been able to contact me on this plane. I would say they are trying to kill you. Freezing to death is such a nasty way to go.”
“Could you get a message to someone for me?”
“I will. You wish me to tell your father?”
“Yes. I am somewhere in the middle of wheat fields, maybe the Midwest. It’s a facility owned by Neil Niobe’s company LabTech, and there are a bunch of windmills surrounding it. The windmills are powering the underground facility, and if I’m correct, whatever it is that is blocking my magic. Tell them to destroy the windmills first. That will give me a chance to protect myself if they decide to kill us.”
“There are more than just yourself?”
“Yes, at least two Vamps and a Phoenix. There may be more.”
“I will relay your message. You will protect this Phoenix. She is indeed the last. Promise me you will protect her.”
“I will do my best to protect them all.”
She smiled at me, and there was a bright light forming over her face. I tried to reach for her, but the light grew until it covered my entire sight.
I blinked a couple of times and realized I was lying on the doc’s table. My limbs were still partially frozen, and it burned intensely. I ignored it. My mind was reeling with the knowledge that I was able to talk to Aerystasia. Hopefully, I had actually spoken to her, and it wasn’t just a hallucination brought on by hypothermia. 
After I had thawed, I was returned to the room, but I didn’t dare tell Phaedra about my encounter while frozen. I was sure they were watching us all the time, and I couldn’t take the chance of tipping them off. So I kept quiet and endured. 
I was allowed to rest for the next two days. On the third day, I was brought into Neil’s office again. I took a seat in the same chair and smiled at him.
“Enjoying your stay so far?”
“Are you kidding? I’ve been on worse cruises. At least you haven’t left me stranded on a deserted island yet.”
“Hm. We’ll have to consider it.”
“Nah, I’d just escape, and where’s the fun in that?”
“I must say, you are quite resilient. It looks like you might live through almost anything. Of course, there are still several tests to go.”
“You know, I’ve come to wonder what you get out of this. I mean, Doc I understand. He’s just a sociopath. The pain gets him off, but you. You don’t seem to really enjoy the torture, so why do it?”
“I was born into the Caduceus. My ancestor was one of the founders. I guess you could say it’s a tradition.”
“Some people celebrate Christmas, you kill Fabled. Yeah, that doesn’t sound crazy at all.”
“To some, it might. But I watched my parents’ throats being ripped out by Werewolves, so I take my work rather personal.”
“I’m sure they didn’t have it coming at all.”
His eyes narrowed, and I smiled sweetly.
“Okay, I get it now. I understand what your motives are, but there is still one thing I don’t understand. Why work with Desiree? If you hate Fabled so much, why use them to collect your patients?”
“That is the thing about you Fabled. You are so ruthless it isn’t hard to find someone to turn against the others. Desiree, for example. All it took was the promise to raise her up to rule the remainder of the Vampere population once we have culled the crop, so to speak, and she was willing to give me anything I want. It certainly makes it easier to find applicable specimens when they are practically hand-delivered.”
“I see. I suppose Desiree’s need for power has made her blind to the truth that you would rather slit her throat than make her ruler of anything.”
He smiled. “Now you, little abomination, you are one of the exceptions. I don’t think there is anything I could offer you that would make you a turncoat.”
“I don’t know. Maybe a one-way trip out of here and your head on a platter could change my mind.” I looked at him for a second. “Perhaps not.”
He just looked at me for a minute, and it started to creep me out, so I decided to change the topic to one he would like better. “So what’s on the agenda for today? Electric shock? Oops. Did that one. Hm, let’s see. What haven’t you tried to kill me with? You know you could just shoot me, but I guess that’s rather messy. Then again, Doc seems to like it messy. You could always cut my limbs off, and see if they grow back. I’m guessing they won’t.”
“My, you are quite gung-ho to have yourself tortured.”
I shrugged. “Might as well get it over with. You’re going to do it anyway, and to be honest, you bore me. The whole holier-than-thou act has been played. Don’t you think?”
He got up from his chair and walked around to the front of the desk leaning on it. He reached forward and stroked my face. “You are so lovely.” He took a lock of my hair and ran it through his fingers. “I really wish we could have met under different circumstances.”
“Nah, I don’t like the sadistic dickhead type.”
He smiled. “So lovely. We’ll see how lovely you are after today’s experiment.”
Dread pooled in the pit of my stomach, but I kept my smile on my face. “I guess we’ll find out.”
The guard entered the room and led me down the hall to the lower level again. We walked past the cooler where the Vampere were held and continued until we reached the end. He opened a door and pushed me inside. There was another table in the center of the room, but this one looked solid steel with shackles attached to it. There was a furnace going in the corner of the room with an open front and several pokers laid in it. I gulped. This was going to be extremely unpleasant.
Doc stepped out of a corner on the opposite side of the room and motioned for the guard to put me on the table. I tried to escape. There was no way in hell I was just going to let him strap me to a table and burn me repeatedly. The guard grabbed both of my arms and lifted me off the ground. I tried head butting him, but he held me out too far. I kicked him in the knee as hard as I could, but they didn’t allow me shoes, so it didn’t do much damage. I screamed—not that it would do much good.
He carried me to the table and threw me on top, but I continued to fight him. I managed to get my left arm free and punched him in the head. He kept trying to lock down my right arm while I punched him. Finally, the doc grabbed my left arm so the guard could shackle my right. 
An earthquake shook the ground beneath us. The entire room rumbled, and plaster fell from the ceiling. The doc was knocked away from me, but the guard managed to hold on. I stopped fighting and just smiled at him. “I’m back.”
I used Vamp-speed to slip out from under him and ran for the furnace. They wanted to play with pokers. I would play. I grabbed the first poker and ran back to the guard. It slid into his eye socket like a knife through butter, and I kept pushing until I felt it break through the back of his skull.
I turned to the doc. “You and I are going to have so much fun. I would love to take the time to torture you properly, but I’ve got innocent people to save.” 
I knew it would be only a matter of minutes before Lucian and his team started ransacking the facility, so I picked him up and threw him onto the table, then cuffed both hands before I returned to the furnace to get another poker. 
“The good thing is the heat will cauterize the wound, so you won’t bleed out right away. The bad news is, it’s gonna burn like a son of a bitch.”
I used Vamp-speed and slammed the poker through his stomach all the way until it was embedded into the steel table. His scream was so high-pitched it was almost funny. I patted his cheek and smiled at him.
“Have fun. If I get a chance, I’ll come back and play some more.”
“You bitch.”
He was panting like a dog. I patted his cheek once more and left the room. I needed to get to the others before someone decided to kill them all. The explosion had knocked out the main power, but there were still emergency lights throughout the facility. I made it to the freezer first and saw the lights were off the screen beside the door, but there was still a lock on the door. I looked around for something to break it with but couldn’t find anything. 
“Here. Let me try.”
I turned to see Phaedra. I grabbed her and hugged her hard. “I’m so glad you’re okay.”
She smiled at me. “I’m glad you are all right too. Do you know what is happening?”
“You remember those friends I told you about? They’re what is happening.”
She nodded. “You were right all along. All I needed to do was believe.”
“We’ll get out of here together, but first I need to thaw out these Vamps.”
“Stand back.”
I took a step back, and she held out her hand in front of her. As she looked at it, her entire hand began to turn red and glow. Then she reached for the lock, and it melted in her grip. She pulled the door open with her other hand and stepped into the room. As she walked inside, I noticed her entire body began glowing red like her hand. After a few seconds, she was entirely aflame. All the ice started melting and the Vamps along with it. She made sure not to get too close to any of them, but the heat was so intense it didn’t take long for them to thaw.
“All right, Phae, that’s enough. I don’t want to give them sunburns.”
The flames slowly receded until she was standing naked in the middle of the freezer. I ran to one of the other doors and opened it. There were supplies but nothing she could use for clothing. I went to the next room and hit the jackpot. The scrubs they dressed us in were stored here, and I grabbed her a pair to throw on. 
By the time I got back to the freezer, Phaedra was helping Elena out. I tossed the scrubs at her and went to help the other Vamp. Since he hadn’t been reported missing, we had checked and found that his apartment was rented under a fake name. A search of the place hadn’t yielded any personal information about him. If Charles hadn’t reported his abduction, we would have never even known he was missing. Judging by his magic, he was older than the others had been. I didn’t know if he was targeted just because he was a loner or if there was a more personal reason behind it.
I helped him out of the freezer, and we all started down the hallway. We made it up that stairway without running into anyone, so we headed down the corridor to another set of stairs leading up. That was when someone came to the top of them. I prepared myself for a fight as Roman came into view.
“Oh thank the gods.” I practically sighed with relief.
He was down the stairs lifting me up before I finished talking. He hugged me tight then pulled me back. “You are injured. Please say who did this still lives.”
“Um, possibly. I left him with a hot poker sticking out of his belly.”
“First, I will get you to safety before I finish him.”
“That sounds like a good plan.”
Roman lifted Elena and carried her up the stairs while I helped the other Vamp. When I got to the top of the stairs, I was accosted by my son. 
“Tristan!”
“Are you all right? We’ve been going crazy.”
“I’m fine. Are you sure you should be here?” I looked at Roman.
“He knows to stay close to me,” Roman replied for him.
I smiled at Roman. “He’s got you wrapped already.”
“You’ll find I’m not so easily wrapped.”
“Sure. Let’s go.”
“As you wish.”
We continued up the stairs until we reached the upper level of the facility and started for the exit. I caught movement out of the corner of my eye and turned to see Neil Niobe move around a corner and grab Phaedra from behind. He held a gun, and it was obvious he intended to use it. I froze and held my hands out in front of me.
“Neil, it’s over. There’s no need to hurt anyone else.”
“You will back up to that wall while me and the Phoenix leave this facility. If anyone tries to stop me, I will kill her.”
“I can’t let you do that. I promised I would protect her, and I intend to do that.”
“You don’t have any room to make demands, abomination.”
“I’m not making demands. I’m asking for a trade. Take me instead.”
“No!” Roman and Tristan said at the same time.
I didn’t look at them. “You said I was special. Surely you would be willing to take me instead of her.”
“I will not allow you to take my place, Sunny,” Phaedra said softly.
“Please. I made a promise, and I have to keep it.”
“You will not leave with the Phoenix. This facility is surrounded.” Lucian had entered from the front door. “Lower your weapon now or I will kill you.”
“Father, don’t. He might hurt her.”
“It’s all right, Sunny. I’m so tired of this life,” Phaedra told me.
“No, you will make it out. I will protect you.”
“Will you? Do you promise?”
“Of course.”
She smiled. “Then my next life will be nicer.” She turned in Neil’s arm and became engulfed in flames as she laid her hands on both sides of his face. I heard the gun go off before he fell to the ground. I could see a dark spot in the middle of her back that began spreading as though she were being eaten from the inside out. As the hole grew, ash fell to the floor at her feet until she was consumed and nothing remained but a pile of ash. I dropped to my knees in front of it. My friend. I had promised to protect her and failed.
“Do not fret, Daughter. For from the ashes, the Phoenix shall be reborn.”
I looked up at my father questioning, but he was watching the floor before me. As I looked down, I could see the ash gathering. Slowly a shape began to form, and eventually, a newborn baby was lying on the floor before me. She was covered in ash from head to toe. It clung to her lashes as she blinked and looked up at me. I smiled at her, and she cooed. Of course, how could I forget? Reborn.
My father held out his coat, and I wrapped Phaedra in it before standing with her in my arms. Tristan came forward to look at her. He wiped some ash off her face before looking up at me.
“Guess you’re going to be a mom again.”
“Me? Oh no. I know nothing about Phoenixes.”
“But you gave your word to protect her,” Lucian protested.
“How am I supposed to take care of a baby?”
“With my help of course.”
I turned to see Aerystasia and a beautiful blond-haired man walk into the facility. I walked over to her and gave her as big of a hug as I could with baby Phaedra still in my arm.
“Thank you, Aery. You saved our lives.”
She smiled at the nickname. “And you saved mine. Now, I’ll say we’re even.”
“But you’re still going to be Phae’s nanny?”
“I would be honored. The last Phoenix will need the strongest of us to raise and protect her.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself. Would you like to hold her?”
She looked frightened suddenly. 
“You did realize that part of raising her would require touching her.”
“Of course. I just thought she would be bigger.”
I laughed before transferring Phaedra to Aerystasia’s arms. She took a few seconds to get her positioned right.
“There. I knew you could do it.” I turned to her companion. “Hello, I’m Sunny.”
He smiled at me. “Everyone knows who Sunny Dubois is. I am Gabriel, and I believe I owe you a debt of gratitude.”
“How about we shelf that for later.” I turned to Roman, but he wasn’t there. As I looked around the room for him, he came back up the steps at Vamp-speed. I could see blood on his hands, and I raised a brow. He shrugged, and I shook my head.
“Let’s get out of here. This place gives me the creeps.”
“It would be my pleasure.”
“A cleanup crew is on the way. They will search through everything and send anything pertinent back to me,” Lucian said.
“Good. I want to know what you find out. I’ll meet with you this evening to discuss it.”
“Excellent. You try to rest until then.”
I nodded, and he pulled me into a hug. He kissed my forehead before releasing me, and I could feel his magic spread through me, healing my various wounds. I kissed him on the cheek before he pulled away.
“I love you, Father.”
“And I you, Daughter.”
He released me and Roman took his place, with Tristan at his side. We walked out to Roman’s car, and Aery was quick to give me back Phae before we left. She agreed to meet me at Roman’s house so we could discuss arrangements for the baby.
“I don’t even have a car seat,” I told Roman as we got in the car. 
“We’ll add that to the to-do list. For now, I’ll be careful. Not that she couldn’t survive a car crash.”
“You never know. I wouldn’t want anything to happen to her.”
“I’ll call Charles and ask him to get one.”
I froze. He didn’t know. How could I forget to tell him?
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
“It was Charles. He was following Desiree’s orders.”
“What? What was…” He paused as he put it together. “He arranged your capture?”
“At Desiree’s command. Didn’t you find it convenient that she asked to speak with you and, during that time, I was kidnapped? She planned the whole thing because she’s jealous of us. She’s been working with Neil Niobe the whole time, using Charles to capture Vamps for his stupid experiments.”
“No. She would never hurt me like that. She knows what you mean to me.”
“Exactly. I don’t know what your relationship is with your sister, but she feels more than any sister should about her brother. She wants you to herself, and she knows I’m her top competition. It wasn’t about hurting you. It was about winning you. Does Charles know you came here today?”
“No. I didn’t have time to tell him. Lucian called last night, and I met with him at his house. We spent the night trying to locate this facility, then today prepping. He only knows that I received news about you, not what the news was.”
“Then I think you should have a long, heartfelt conversation with Charles as soon as we get back.”
“I was thinking the same thing.”


Chapter Twenty-Eight
“Time for a history lesson”


Aery and Gabriel were waiting for us at the gate to Roman’s estate when we arrived. Being able to teleport where ever you wanted must be nice. Sure, Lucian could do it, but that didn’t mean he would be willing to take me wherever I wanted to go whenever I wanted.
Roman had called Charles on the way home and asked him to meet him at the house. He told him Lucian believed to have a bead on where I might be, and he needed Charles to help him form a rescue party. Charles seemed to buy it and agreed to meet Roman at his home as quickly as possible. Then he called Carly and informed her of what was really going on.
Baby Phae had fallen asleep on the ride home, so I put her in one of the upstairs rooms. Boy, I was going to have to go on a shopping spree to get all the things needed for a baby. I didn’t even know if I could handle a baby right now. Hell, I hadn’t even had the time to consider the responsibility of taking on this baby right now. Before I could really do any of that, I had to take care of the threat still out there—that threat being Desiree. My sword hand was itching. I think I would use her head to scratch it.
Twenty minutes later, Charles pulled into the drive. Aery agreed to watch the baby while we took care of business. So I went downstairs to greet our guest. As I came down the stairs, I noted how odd it was to be in Roman’s home for the first time under such unusual circumstances. I would have much rather been invited here instead of brought here for my own protection. Oh well, I guess life seldom goes as planned. 
Charles entered the foyer as I descended the last steps of the stairway. “Hello, Charles.”
“Sunny.” He turned to Roman. “So I guess this isn’t as much about trying to find her, as it is you punishing me for following my mistress’s commands.”
“Punishment? There will be no punishment.” Roman sounded unnaturally calm as he spoke.
Carly entered the door behind Charles, effectively cutting off his means of escape.
“Ah, so you intend just to kill me.”
“Not so fast,” I interjected. “Tell me where she is.”
He laughed. “Why would I do that?”
“She has had you target young Vamps to be tortured by humans. Surely you see how insane she is.”
“I don’t question my mistress’s orders.”
“Like when she ordered you to come spy on Roman.”
“If it is my mistress’s wish.”
“Why didn’t you turn me over before? Hell, you could have driven me home while I was drunk. I wouldn’t have been able to put up much of a fight.”
“My mistress was waiting. She had planned to have the incubus finish you, but he couldn’t get you alone, not that he really tried. When she heard of your union at the wedding, she couldn’t wait any longer. As I said, my mistress’s wish is mine to follow.”
Roman nodded to Carly, and she grabbed Charles by the throat. He led them down a set of stairs that I could only assume ended in a basement. I didn’t follow. Charles wasn’t the one I wanted to hurt. Desiree was the center of my vengeance. She would hurt as I have hurt. I would make her pay for every life her selfishness has taken.
So she was Doyle’s mistress. I had my suspicions. When I had searched for her before, she was assuming another name, and after meeting her the other night, I could imagine her creating a bunch of Vampere, then letting them run wild. I wasn’t sure how she and Doyle had met, but I was now sure she was the one that locked him away. He had told me he was punished for not killing a human. I guess I know who that human was now.
Roman joined me a minute later. He wrapped me in his arms, and I breathed in his scent. After a minute, I pulled back and looked at him. “Call Desiree and arrange a meeting.”
“I already tried, but she’s not answering.”
“Do you know where she lives?”
He nodded.
“I guess it’s time to pay dear little sis a visit.”
“Perhaps you should stay here and rest.”
“Why? So you can let her feed you some sob story about how it wasn’t her fault. She is a ruthless killer, Roman.”
“I know she is, but it isn’t her fault.”
“Like hell, it isn’t. I don’t see anyone forcing her hand.”
He walked over to a window and looked out into the evening. “It was her sire who made her like this.”
“You mean your sire.”
He turned back to look at me. “No, I mean her sire.”
I shook my head. I thought he said she was his sister. “Okay, I think it’s time you told me what the hell happened to your sire. Killian said you killed him. Now you’re telling me your sister didn’t have the same sire as you. I need to know what happened.”
“Judas Severus was not my sire. He was my sire’s brother. My grandsire, Nero, created two children. The first was Judas, and then many years later, he made my sire, Titus. From what my grandsire has told me, Judas was always jealous of Titus because where Judas was a scholar, Titus was a warrior. Judas knew his brother could best him, and there was nothing his knowledge could do to change that. Anyway, they went their separate ways centuries before I was made.
“Titus had found me on the battlefield. He later told me he had watched me for some time. I was the unstoppable Roman. There was not an opponent alive capable of besting me. My sire knew it was only a matter of time, though, and all it took was an arrow from an archer’s bow to bring me to my knees during battle. Afterward, he scoured the battle site and found me barely alive. He made me his child and showed me another way to live. Where I was used to brutal warriors who were just as likely to kill you as help you, Titus was different. He actually cared for me.
“It was only two years after I was turned that Judas found us. He killed my sire in his sleep and took me as his own. He knew that with me, he could eliminate any foe. I was his champion, and that is how he treated me, not like his child but as his possession. After a couple of centuries, I could not continue. I didn’t want to carry on. That is when he created Desiree. She was a working girl at one of the bordellos. He claimed to have made her for me, but I know it was to control me. He was aware that I would care for her as a sister, and I would want to protect her. That is why he created her.
“He didn’t treat her as a sire should treat his child. She told me once that when she first opened her eyes after her turning, he was finishing inside her. He often used her in such a way, and he is the one that taught her to use her body as a means to get what she wanted—what he wanted. For centuries, he would send her to various men to obtain whatever he wished, and she would do it, gathering information or possessions. It didn’t matter to him. She was a tool for him to use, and because of this I stayed as his tool as well.”
“Is that why you killed him?”
He nodded. “Lucian came to me. He told me of Judas’s plan to kill Augustus and rule the Vampere. Lucian did not want that. As bad as Augustus is, he was nothing compared to my sire. Lucian gave me the means to kill him once and for all, to free my sister and myself. It was after that task was finished that Lucian gave me the elixir I used on you. He told me he had a vision that I would meet a human who would become important to both of us and that I would know her when I saw her. He did warn me to make sure you were in agreement, but you already know how that turned out.”
“I can understand why you killed Judas. He sounds like a monster, but he isn’t controlling Desiree any longer. She is a centuries-old Vampere capable of making her own choices, and she made the wrong ones. Do you know why she began turning over her own kind to the humans? Because Neil promised to make her ruler of the Vampere once he rid the race of the weak ones. It sounds like she’s following in Judas’ footsteps.”
He shook his head. “I tried many times to get her to leave with me, but she wouldn’t. She said she loved him, and he couldn’t live without us. I told her he loved no one but himself, but she wouldn’t listen.”
I hugged him tight. “It’s not your fault, Roman. You did all that you could.”
“She told me she hated me after I killed him, but then she came to me in the dead of night and begged me to forgive her. She just wants to be loved. I believe perhaps our father’s death hurt her more than helped.”
“I don’t know about that, but I do know she needs to be stopped. She turned me over to people she knew would torture me. She turned over young Vampere, who weren’t able to defend themselves. All because she wanted power. I have to stop her, Roman. I understand if you don’t want to be a part of it, but I can’t have you interfering. I’m going to see if Doyle can arrange a meeting with her.”
He pulled back and looked at me. “You will not! That Demon cannot be trusted. You think he has changed, but it is just an act he plays for you. You don’t know him truly. You don’t know the things he is capable of. The things he did when he was at my sister’s side.”
“Roman, I have known Doyle for the last fifteen years. I know he will never betray me.”
“I refuse it.”
“You don’t control me. I think this would be the best way.”
“No. I will bring you with me to her home. We will end it there.”
“Fine. But if that doesn’t work, I’m calling Doyle.”
He said nothing.
An hour later, we knocked on Desiree’s door. She lived in the penthouse of a high-rise apartment building in New York City. When she didn’t answer, Roman pulled out a set of keys and let us in. I raised a brow, and he looked at me questioningly, but I moved on into the apartment without saying anything.
She wasn’t in the open living room/kitchen area, so I walked down the hall to the spacious bedroom. There were clothes thrown on the bed and shoes scattered in the closet with several empty spaces where pairs had been.
“I’m pretty sure she won’t be coming back here. It looks like she packed what she needed and left.”
Roman nodded. “Her car was in the garage.”
“She probably figured you could track it, so she left it behind.”
He sighed.
“I’m sorry, Roman. This should be the final confirmation for you. She is running because she knows she’s going to be hunted down by the council.”
He nodded again, and we left. I had Roman stop by a baby supply store to gather the basics of what we would need to take care of Phae. It felt wrong somehow to be baby shopping while we were hunting for Roman’s sister to kill, but babies need diapers. There was no avoiding it.
After dropping the supplies off with Aery and Gabriel, we went to Lucian’s so I could bring him up to speed on everything. Brennan practically knocked me down as I walked through the door.
She hugged me until my ribs cracked, then pulled back to look at me. “You stupid bitch. You had me so worried. How could you do that to me?”
“I didn’t do it on purpose I assure you.”
“I’m done being stuck here with Mr. I’m-Not-Going-To-Tell-You-Anything. Take me with you.”
“Well, the problem with that is I’m at Roman’s right now because I don’t think it’s safe at my house.”
“He’s rich. I’m sure he has a big enough house for me too.”
“And he has several other people he’s taken in right now. There’s baby Phaedra and Aerystasia and Gabriel, plus Tristan’s still there.”
“Whoa. What about a baby? And isn’t Aery-whatever supposed to be that superpowerful, crazy oracle.”
“She’s still superpowerful but less crazy these days. I helped her find her soul mate; in return, she helped me escape; and now, she’s helping me with the baby. She’s a Phoenix by the way. The whole reborn thing. It’s supercool.”
“Damn. I miss all the fun.”
“Listen. After this is all over, I will take you to meet your grandfather like I promised. You are more than welcome to come live with me if you want or you can give your gramps a try. Either way, you are always welcome with me. But if you come to Roman’s now, I can’t promise you won’t be on baby duty with the ex-crazy oracle.”
She rolled her eyes. “Well, since you put it that way. No, on second thought, I still want to come. Someone’s got to keep Tristan company while you two go at it or hunt down some evil.”
“You act like we’re rabbits.”
“You are more than welcome at my home, Brennan,” Roman interjected. 
I looked at him surprised.
“She’s right. She can keep Tristan busy. He has been pressuring me to take him with me, especially when you were in danger. Perhaps if Brennan is there, he won’t feel left behind.”
I nodded then turned to Lucian. “What do you say, Father? Is she cleared for leave?”
“She has come a long way in a short amount of time. I think she is ready.”
“Excellent. Go pack your bags, shorty. You’re hittin’ the skids.”
She squealed and hopped up and down before running over to Lucian and kissing his cheek. Then she ran upstairs lightning fast.
Roman pulled me back to him and placed his hands on my shoulders. I took the opportunity while Brennan was out of the room to tell Lucian everything I knew about my abduction and the people who took me. He seemed thoughtful for a moment after I finished. 
“It does not surprise me Desiree was involved. This is not her first attempt at stealing power, but this is the first time she has killed to obtain it.”
“Did the cleanup crew find anything at the facility?”
“No. By the time they arrived, the building was fully engulfed in flames.”
“What?”
“My guess is they had a self-destruct plan in place.”
“Wonderful. So there is no way to find out who the other members of this group are.”
“I fear Mr. Niobe was telling the truth about how widespread they are. Think of the Witch at the asylum.”
“Yeah, but she worked at a facility he owned. That doesn’t mean there are thousands of members working around the globe to take down the Fabled.”
“Why don’t we worry about the immediate threat? The other can be thought on another day.”
I nodded in agreement. “I’m going to call Doyle and see if he can arrange a meeting.”
Lucian nodded. “The incubus does have a soft spot where you are concerned. Just make sure he is not playing both sides.”
“It’s a chance I’m willing to take. You know as well as I do Desiree isn’t going to stop, and who knows what other connections she might have if there are other members out there.”
“I agree. She must pay for her crimes, but be careful doing it.”
“I will.”
Brennan came bounding down the stairs with two bags. “You ready?”
“Give me a moment. I need to make a phone call.”
I stepped outside and dialed Doyle’s number. 
“Finally, grow tired of that Vamp bossing you around?” he said when he answered.
I smiled. “He is rather demanding, isn’t he?”
“Nothing a good whip and some cuffs couldn’t cure.”
“How are you, Doyle? Really?”
“I haven’t killed anyone if that’s what you’re getting at.”
“Because Desiree’s been feeding you?” He was silent so I continued. “I need you to arrange a meeting with her for me.”
“She’ll never do it.”
“Then tell her you’re giving me to her. Pretend I don’t know about the two of you. Say whatever you want, but I need to end this.”
“I never wanted that to happen to you, my Sun. You’re a light, one that never should be put out.”
“Will you arrange it?”
He was silent for a minute before he sighed. “Yes, meet me here tomorrow night at eight. I’ll make sure she comes.”
“Thank you, Doyle.”
He hung up. Now the question is if he will betray me or not. I really wanted to believe he wouldn’t, but I knew the hold she had on him. Hell, she locked him in a coffin for forty years, and he still referred to her as his mistress. I just hope he did the right thing. I was sure I would feel a lot better if he weren’t a Demon, but what could I do.


Chapter Twenty-Nine
“Putting on the relic”


“I think I’m going to live here.”
“Here, at my home? That’s rather presumptuous of you, don’t you think?”
“I was referring to a more localized portion of your home. Primarily, this bathtub.” It was a large garden tub with jets spaced strategically in just the right places to massage all the muscles in your back and legs. If I had to describe it in one word, heaven.
“Ah, I see. Do you think to move it to your home?” Roman asked.
“I don’t know. That seems like a lot of trouble.”
“Then I suppose I will have to become accustomed to seeing you here.”
“That’s rather presumptuous of you, don’t you think?”
He smiled at me from his perch in the corner.
“You know, you don’t have to play the voyeur. You could always join me. There is certainly enough room.”
“I like the sight of you lounging in my tub.”
“I’m sure the sight of both of us would look much better.”
“You are persistent.”
“I’ve been called worse.”
He laughed before pushing himself off the wall and moving toward me. He slowly undressed with much more grace than I ever would have managed, then slid in behind me. He wrapped his arms around me, and I sighed.

“What are you thinking about?” he asked.
We had been sitting in companionable silence for a while.
“I thought about you a lot when I was at that facility. There was plenty of time for thought, and you took up most of it.”
“I thought about you too. Tristan wasn’t lying when he said we were worried about you. I think we took turns losing control.”
“My poor boy. I haven’t seen him in almost two weeks, and I haven’t been able to even speak two sentences to him since I’ve been back.”
“He knows you have things to take care of. You will have time.”
“It doesn’t feel like it. There’s never enough time.”
“There will be.”
I sat up and turned to face him. “What if there isn’t? My biggest regret when I was captured was that I wasted so much time blaming you when I should have been asking you for forgiveness.”
“Shh. There is no need for regret now.”
“I don’t want to waste any more time. I don’t want to have any more regrets.” I stroked his face and ran my hands through his hair. “I love you, Roman. I want you for eternity. I’m sure there are times we are going to fight, mostly because you’ll be wrong and think you’re right. But I never want you to doubt my love for you. Even when I tried to deny it, it never ended and never will.”
He smiled at me then kissed me softly. “I know, Sunshine. I’ve always known. I merely waited for you to come to the realization I was right.”
I laughed and kissed him back. After a minute, I pulled back and turned around to lean back against him. “So, what do you think about an extended family?”
He took a deep breath. “I already have Tristan. Who else are you planning on moving in?”
“No, we have Tristan. He has always been and will always be my son. I am willing to share with you, though.”
“How noble of you. You didn’t answer my question. Other than our son who do you wish to live here?”
“Well, apparently, I’ve adopted a Phoenix baby. You don’t happen to know the typical growth rate of Phoenixes do you?”
“I’m afraid not. I’m sure your father would be willing to educate you.”
“Yeah, his version of educating is to either sit down and tell me a long, detailed story of his interactions with a Phoenix or to toss several extremely heavy books at me. Or both.”
He chuckled and nipped my ear. “You would do well to listen to those stories. Your father has been around a very long time.”
“Yeah, yeah. So anyway, I guess I’ve also got a nanny and her, uh, lover? I don’t think they will want to live here. Then again, I haven’t talked to them about it, so I’ll find out.”
“And what of Brennan?”
“Brennan. I don’t know what she will do. She has a grandfather who seems to genuinely want to get to know her. I guess it’s her choice. She’s welcome to live with me, but if she wants to give him a try, I will understand. Just know I will be kidnapping her at regular intervals to spend time with her.”
“That sounds acceptable. No long-lost cousins or aunts or uncles?”
“Not that I’m aware of. You know, I can stay at my home. I know this is happening so fast. Hell, a couple of weeks ago you were on your own.”
“And now I have you. As long as we are together, you could move the entire state of Texas into my home.”
“Are you sure? Babies crying in the middle of the night, teenager angst, it’s a lot to handle.”
“We’ll handle it together.”
“That sounds beautiful.”
“Of course, I will require recompense for my poor nerves.”
“Oh really? What kind of recompense did you have in mind?”
He snapped his fingers, and the ring I had worn all those years ago appeared in his hand. I looked at it then at him. He raised his brows in question, and I nodded slightly. He smiled as he placed it on my finger once again. 
“This will help, but I should think more work on your part will be needed.”
My brows drew together in confusion, and he smiled devilishly before kissing me deeply. After a few moments, I pulled back and returned his smile.

The next night while I was getting ready for my date with Doyle, Tristan knocked on the door.
“Come in, Son.”
He opened the door and walked in. “How did you know it was me?”
“There are only two Vamps in this house, and Roman is a lot stronger than you.”
He nodded. “You’re pretty good at reading magic.”
“It comes with the territory. Come over and have a seat. I’d like to talk to you for a minute before I leave again.”
He walked over to one of the chairs set up in an alcove off to the side of the room. 
“Tell me how you are, really,” I started.
“I’m all right. I’ll admit it was kind of a shock waking up to find I’d been turned into a Vamp and Roman was my sire, but after thinking about it, I realized it was because of you. I knew he didn’t turn me out of the goodness of his heart.”
“That doesn’t mean he cares less for you now.”
“Oh, I know. I can feel it through the bond.”
“Really? How does it feel?”
“Like when I catch you watching me out of the corner of your eye, just because you want to see me and know I’m all right.”
I smiled at him. “And here I thought I was being sneaky.”
“It’s fine. Actually, it feels nice to be loved. Although, I will point out once again that I’m a grown man.”
“Ah, but now you’re a baby Vamp, so I get to treat you like my itty-bitty boy again.”
“You’re not my sire.”
“No, but I’m your sire’s, uh, girlfriend.”
“Oh, I think you’re a bit more than his girlfriend. I don’t think most guys would give just some girl they’re dating an elixir to make them immortal.”
“Okay, whatever I am, I’m still your mother, and you’ll be my baby until the end of time.”
“I wouldn’t expect it any other way.”
“So we’re good? You’re not mad at me for having Roman change you?”
“And be dead instead? No, I’m not mad. Have you actually been worried about that? You should know better. It would take a betrayal of epic proportions to have me mad at you.”
“I’m glad to hear that. I wouldn’t say I was worried. Just concerned about our relationship. I don’t want anything to take you away from me, Son.”
“Only death. Then I’d probably haunt you or something.”
I smiled at him.
“So, are you really going to raise the Phoenix? You already have Brennan and me.”
“Yes, but I’m setting a limit. No more kids, until the ones I have are grown.”
He raised a brow. “You know you just contradicted yourself right.”
“I’m a contradictory kinda gal. Now get out of here. I have an incubus to see.”
“Are you sure you can trust him?”
“As sure as anything. Look, I’ve known Doyle for a long time. Sure he has certain feelings of obligation to Desiree, and I don’t know what they stem from, but I know he changed from the heartless bastard he was when he used to run with her. I don’t think he wants to go back to that.”
“I don’t know, Mom. That sounds like a long shot.”
“I’m willing to take my chances.”
“I can’t believe Roman would be willing to chance your safety like this.”
“He might be under the impression I’m meeting Doyle somewhere that I’m not.”
“You lied to him?! Are you crazy?”
“Some think so. It’ll be all right, though. I’ve got it covered.”
“This doesn’t seem right. You should take backup.”
I stood up and patted his face. “Don’t you trust me?”
“It’s not you I don’t trust.”
“I love you, Son, and I’ll see you in a little while.”
“Please don’t do this.”
I bent and kissed his forehead before walking out of the room. 


Chapter Thirty
“Heads will roll”


“Are you sure you know what you are doing?”
“Don’t worry, Gabriel. Roman isn’t going to kill you for bringing me here,” I said.
“I assure you. If you do not survive this encounter, he will do his best to achieve that goal.”
“Only you and I know you teleported me here. If I’m dead, I won’t be telling him.”
“Was that your attempt to make me feel better about this?”
I put my hand on his arm in a friendly gesture. The fact that I stole a bit of his magic had nothing to do with it. “Look, Gabriel. Just go back to Aery and help her with Phae. I’ll be fine, trust me.”
He didn’t look convinced, so I raised a brow and gave him one of my hard looks. He finally sighed and nodded once before disappearing into a cloud of smoke. Jeez, with everybody telling me this was a mistake it was starting to give me second thoughts. I didn’t need second thoughts. I needed to hype myself up and know before I went in there that Doyle was my friend and that he would never betray me. I knew he wouldn’t. It was everyone else I was having a hard time convincing. 
“Come on, Sunny. It’s time to prove everyone wrong.” My little pep talk to myself gave me a smidgen of my confidence back, and I started forward to Doyle’s. He lived in a basement apartment under some business that was never occupied. It allowed him privacy for his extracurricular activities with the convenience of being in the city, and it would be the perfect place to kill Desiree without having innocents get in the way or the cops being called because someone heard screaming. I was sure if the neighbors could here Doyle’s place, screaming was not uncommon.
I knocked on the door and tried not to fidget while I waited for him to answer. A moment later, the door opened, and a shirtless Doyle stood in front of me. 
“My Sun, you look stunning tonight. As is the usual.”
I looked down at myself briefly. I had worn tight black leather pants, a black camisole, and knee-high black boots. Simple but sexy.
“Thanks, Doyle. Are you going to let me in?”
“I could never turn away such a beautiful woman. Please.” He motioned toward the inside of his home. “You know where everything is.”
I walked in and looked around. “Yes, it looks just like the last time I was here.”
He moved closer and put his hands on my hips. “You look just as I remember too. Och, it has been so long since I’ve had a taste.” He bent down slightly and touched his lips to mine before pulling back and licking his lips. “That Vampere has tainted you.”
“Aren’t you going to give me a chance to greet our guest?”
I looked behind Doyle and found Desiree standing there in a negligée and long, flowing robe. 
“Doyle?” I looked at him questioningly, and he closed his eyes as if in pain. 
“I’m sorry, Sun. She is my mistress. The last time I betrayed her…you know how it turned out.”
“I see.” I turned to Desiree. “So what’s the plan? Lure me here and kill me? I don’t think you have the guts. You certainly couldn’t take care of it before. Why should now be different?”
“Oh, you have grossly underestimated me, little girl.” She looked at Doyle. “I think it’s time to show her your newest toy, Doyle. I think she’ll like it.” She ran her finger down his nose, across his lips, over his chin, and down his neck before pushing him slightly on the chest. “Tie her up.”
He nodded and turned to me. I backed away a couple of steps. Not that there was anywhere to go. “Doyle, please. We’re friends.”
He grabbed my wrists, and I tried to fight back, but I couldn’t steal his magic. He was the only one I have ever met that could block me from taking his magic. I think all Demons were that way, but since I had never tried to steal any other Demon’s magic before, I didn’t know for sure. The thought of having Demon magic inside me just creeped me out. Doyle would have been the exception if I could have taken from him.
“No, Sun. We were friends. We were happy together until you returned to that Vampere. Don’t you see? You were the reason I was placed in that coffin in the first place. I thought fate had brought us together again. But you would never stay with me, and then, then you chose him. You flaunted it in front of everyone, and you told me to just find someone else.”
“And he came running right back to me. I tried to tell him you weren’t worth it, but he wouldn’t listen. It’s amazing what a few decades in a coffin will teach you,” Desiree said over his shoulder.
Doyle dragged me over to the corner of the room where a pair of handcuffs hung from a track in the ceiling. There were also cuffs coming up from the floor.
“Doyle, please don’t do this. She is going to kill me.”
He began cuffing my hands, but he stopped to look at me. “Maybe this is for the best, Sun. Without you, I can go back to the way I was before. I didn’t care about anyone or anything except feeding my hunger. I used to bath in the lust of my victims. This is no way to live, only getting just enough to survive. Except you. Feeding from you was the only time I felt full; like I was really alive again. And then you took that away too.”
He finished cuffing my arms and both of my ankles so that I was standing there unable to move. Then he grabbed my face and kissed me hard. When he pulled back, there was a tear on his cheek.
“I love you, Sun. I always will.”
He released my face, and I tried my best to pull on the cuffs. Doyle moved back, and Desiree took his place with a huge smile on her face.
“You like these?” She reached up and stroked one of the chains attached to a cuff. “Doyle had these installed just for our little ménage a trois tonight. I do love bondage. Don’t you?”
“Roman isn’t really into the BDSM scene. Maybe that’s why he never wanted you. You’re just too submissive.”
She slapped me, and I smiled at her. “Oh, you’ll have to do better than that. What? Daddy didn’t teach you how to fight when he was teaching you how to fuck?”
She screamed in frustration, and I laughed. Damn, she was just too easy. I hadn’t even gotten started. “You know. Neil and I had a little heart-to-heart in between torture, and he told me a little secret about you. Would you like to know what is was?”
Her eyes narrowed. “I’m sure Neil wouldn’t tell you anything about our arrangement.”
“Sure he would. He thought I was going to spend the rest of my short life with him there at his facility. He told me about your little plan to…now what was it he said? Oh yes, cull the crop. We had a good laugh when he told me you actually thought you would rule the remaining Vamps. He was laughing because he didn’t plan for there to be a single Vamp left when he finished. I laughed because the thought of some slut like you ruling anything was just damned funny.”
She grabbed me by the throat and began choking me. Finally. I thought that bitch would never touch me. I started pulling her magic into me as quickly as I could, and I concentrated on trying to pull in the information I wanted concerning the Caduceus, but she didn’t hold on for long. As I suspected, she didn’t want to just kill me. She wanted to play with me for a bit. I was cool with that. We did have all night after all.
“You know. I just don’t understand why you would turn to a group of crazy humans. I mean, it seems like you have Augustus whipped. Why not just use him? You could rule at his side then off him when you couldn’t stand him anymore.”
“Unlike most hierarchies, Vampere have to take the throne of leadership. If Augustus died, there would be fighting to take over his place.”
“Ah, and we both know what a pussy you are. But why the humans? I mean, they weren’t what you would call cream of the crop. I’m sure Neil was smart enough, but you should have seen that doctor he employed. Psycho.” I said that last in a high-pitched voice.
“You know nothing about the Caduceus. No Fabled do. They will free us of all those weak Fabled until all that is left are those worthy of the gifts they have been given.”
“And you think you’re one of the worthy?” I may have sounded slightly disbelieving.
“I am more worthy than some human whore who was created by dark magic. Oops. I bet dear old daddy never told you that little tidbit.”
I narrowed my eyes, and she smiled. I let that comment go since I knew she was just trying to rile me. “Well, now they’re all dead. So what will you do?”
She laughed. “It will take a lot more than burning down one facility to end the Caduceus. Didn’t Neil tell you that while you had your heartfelt conversations? They are everywhere. There are installations in every major country in the world. You think Neil was the only billionaire on their team? He was just one of many.”
“I don’t suppose you know any specifics?”
She just looked at me.
“That’s what I was afraid of.”
“Why would that concern you now? I’m sure you could think of other things to fear. Maybe your death?”
I smiled at her. “I was afraid because I really hoped to get some information about the Caduceus during this little ménage a trois, as you call it.” I looked up at the cuffs holding my hands. “You know, I do like these chains. I’ll have to thank Doyle for these later.” 
Her eyes narrowed, and as I pushed the buttons that released the mechanism on the cuffs, her eyes slowly widened. I stepped out of the cuffs around my ankles and approached her. She turned toward the door to find Roman standing there with Lucian beside him. Panic crossed her face. 
“Desiree Antonia Maria Severus, you are found guilty of treason in the eyes of the Council of Elders. For the deaths of two Vampere and the capture of a council agent, you are to be put to death posthaste.” Lucian looked at me and gave a slight nod.
Desiree looked from Lucian to me, then back to Roman. “Brother. Please. You can’t let them do this to me. I’ve suffered so much. You know what was done to me. How can you allow them to just kill me? You could save me. I know you could. If you just love me, I will be better. Please, save me.”
“I am saving you, Sister. From yourself. You will suffer no more.” 
A tear fell from his eye, and I wanted to comfort him, but there would be no comfort until this was done. I released the concealment on my sword and pulled it from its sheath. She looked at the sword, then turned back to Roman to plead more. I swung my blade through her neck before she could make him regret his decision of making her pay for her sins. He would have enough of a cross to bear as it was. Her head fell to the floor before the rest of her, and her blood began to pool on the floor in front of me. 
I found no pleasure in her death because one look at Roman showed me the pain he was in at seeing his sibling die. I ran to him and embraced him as hard as I could hoping it would be enough to help him through this. 
After a while, I released him and looked into his eyes. The truth was I was afraid of what I would see there. Would he always see me as his sister’s murder? But what I found was the same thing I always found when I looked into his eyes. Love, it was always love.


Chapter Thirty-One
“Meeting the Grampses”


“What are you waiting for? He’s going to love you.”
I looked at my son. “I don’t know. What if he doesn’t like me?”
“You’re kidding, right? Everyone loves you.”
“And I have yet to figure out why.”
“Come on.” He began pushing me toward the door of the house we were currently standing on the front porch of.
I turned to him uncertain, but Roman grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. A gentleman who appeared to be in his early forties stood before me. He had dark hair and even darker eyes.
“So you’re the abomination.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. Instantly my insecurities vanished. “So you’re the shut-in.”
He smiled. “I guess we’ve both heard much about each other.”
“I guess we have.”
“You are welcome here, Thief.” He winked at me, and I rolled my eyes.
The gods save me from Roman’s grandsire.

“All right. Here’s the plan. If this guy’s a total douchebag, you kick him in the nuts while I run for the car.”
“Why do I have to be the one to castrate your grandfather?”
“Hello. Look at these boots. I was on poop duty with baby Phae for six hours to earn the money to buy these. There’s no way I’m scuffing them up on some old dude’s balls.”
I just looked at Brennan. “You realize that old dude is your maternal grandfather. You just talked about your grandfather’s balls.”
Her face progressively became more disgusted until she shivered. “Okay, let’s forget about kicking him in the…there. You just hold him off while I make a run for it.”
We were parked on the side of the road about a block from Brennan’s grandfather’s home. I had stopped to have a final talk with her before she met her last remaining family member.
“All right. Now that we have plan B in place let’s discuss what the plan is if he isn’t bad. What if he’s, I dare to say it, nice? He might be genuine. He might actually like you and you him. What then?”
She looked even more horrified than before. “I don’t know, Sunny. I don’t know what to do.”
“Okay, this is the plan. We go and talk to him for a while and get to know him. Afterward, you can decide whether or not you want to see him again, and then we go home. After that, we’ll deal with this one step at a time. But promise me this, Brennan.”
She nodded.
“Give him a chance. His relationship with your mom doesn’t seem to be all his fault. I’m sure it was hard for her being raised by a Wizard when she had no magic at all. Things will be different with you, so give him the benefit of the doubt. All right?”
“All right, Sunny. But you just know you’re not getting rid of me so easily. I’m not just going to forget you and move in with the dude like that.” She snapped her fingers, and I rolled my eyes.
“Like I would let you get away with that. I’m sorry, sister, but you’re stuck with me.”
She smiled. “Good. Um, while I’m thinking about us and our relationship and all. This doesn’t mean Tristan’s my brother, does it?”
I closed my eyes and tried my best to forget the last five seconds, but it didn’t work. “Tristan is off-limits, Brennan. Do you hear me?”
“Why? It’s not like he’s my brother or anything. Right?”
“Do I have to go into detail about how you’re only seventeen and he’s twenty-five. He’s a new Vamp, who has a lot to work on right now. Besides, I hate to burst your bubble, but I think he’s got a thing for Carly.”
“Damn. I was hoping that was my imagination.”
“Sorry, chica. What happened to that cute Jotunn from the wedding?”
“Ugh. He’s like my stalker. That’s what I get for giving a guy my number.”
“Why don’t you try talking to him? You might find you really like him.”
She shrugged. “I guess I could try that.”
“Excellent, and if he steps out of line, burn his ass.”
She laughed, and I started the car.
Mr. Shane was standing on the front porch of his ranch-style house when we arrived. He was kind of short with red hair and hazel eyes that weren’t unkind. We introduced ourselves, and he just stared at Brennan.
“You look just like your mother. She took after Martha, my late wife. You definitely have her look about you.”
“Uh, okay.”
“Well, come in. I’ll make some tea.”
We followed him toward the house, and Brennan leaned closer to me. “What is it with old guys and tea?” 
I raised my brows and shrugged. “Hell if I know.”
“It cleans the mind. Keeps it sharp. Doesn’t do a damned thing for the hearing, though. Luckily, mine is as keen as ever.”
He smiled at us and winked at Brennan. She smiled back. It looked like Brennan might have just met her match.



Epilogue
“Ah, fishy-fishy”


“What is his status today?”
“He’s healing at a rate twenty times that of an average human, but it will take some time. I’ll keep him under sedation until the remainder of his burns are healed. Terribly painful burns are.”
“And the changes?”
“So far what I have found are minor, but I did notice this yesterday.”
The doctor moved closer to the large tank, containing a blue liquid and a human body, to show his findings. He pointed to an opening that ran along the hairline on the side of the human’s head.
“There is one behind each ear. It first appeared as a small pustule but has since opened. I had an X-ray taken last night, and it seems there is a tube of some sort forming between the opening and his trachea.”
“What is your hypothesis?”
The doctor took off his glasses and cleaned them before returning them to his face. It was a nervous habit he could never break. “It appears to be gills of some kind. That is the only explanation I can think of. Perhaps it is an adaptation formation. He is submerged in this tank to help his healing process. It seems his body is compensating for that.”
“Will these effects be reversible?”
“I won’t be able to tell for sure, until after he is removed from the liquid. They may remain dormant until he needs them.”
“Or he might turn in to a fish and have to live underwater for the rest of his life. I need him to heal. He is the head of our American division, and I really do not want to have to replace him. As soon as the burns are healed, he comes out of that tank.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Keep me comprised of any new developments.”
Mr. Curry turned and left the room. He hated having to resort to using serums on his partner that were gained from experiments, but it was the only way to save his life, and he needed Neil Niobe alive. 
He left the facility and entered the limousine waiting for him. “It seems our time schedule has been elevated. It is horrible timing since we may have to eliminate our partner.”
“Should I do it?”
“No. There will be no action until we know for certain. I would prefer to keep him in place for now.”
“What would you like me to do in the meantime?”
“Return to your post.” Mr. Curry smiled at the Vampere sitting across from him. “Don’t you have a Vampere leader to guard?”
Drake smiled. “Yes, I wouldn’t want anything to happen to him. What of the Thief?”
“We received what we needed while she was in captivity. If Neil survives, I’m sure he will have his own plans for her. For now, return to your post.”
Mr. Curry raised his brows and Drake nodded before leaving the limo. Once he was alone, Mr. Curry pulled out his cell and made a call. 
“It is time. You will send me all intel regarding the Fabled living in your fine city. The Watch will determine which ones are to be gathered and which are to be exterminated.”
“Yes, sir.”
Soon. It would not be long now, and all the work his ancestors have done will come to fruition. Soon.


###


Thank you for reading The Fabled: Book One of The Fabled Series. Read on for a preview of Fable City: Book Two of The Fabled Series.




Fable City
Book Two of The Fabled Series

S. L. Gavyn



Chapter One
“If wishes were horses, beggars would ride”


Sometimes, I wondered if it was possible to just go into a permanent stasis brought on by intense boredom. My entire life has been one big repetitive routine. I rose in the morning, fed the chickens and collected the eggs, milked our Guernsey, then returned to the kitchen to cook for my father and three brothers. From there, the day was a mixture of household and farm chores until evening.
As it was, I was in the pasture dropping hay bales for the cows. Father was once again drunk as a skunk, passed out in the recliner. If the cows didn’t get fed, it would somehow be my fault, so I had learned to just automatically do his work for him when he was like this. Part of me really wanted to hate him for his treatment of me, but part of me felt sorry for him. After all, he had lost his wife in childbirth and was left to raise a child who wasn’t his. Oh, it had never come out that my mother had any kind of affair, but all I had to do was take a look in the mirror, and the evidence was literally written all over my face.
I was the complete opposite of my father and all my brothers, even my mother had looked nothing like me. They were all of Native American descent. Where they have dark hair, eyes, and complexion, I have fair skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that mama had her hand in someone else’s cookie jar. I just wished she could have stuck around long enough to tell me who my father really was. Instead, I was stuck in this hellhole with a man who was really no relation to me and his sons who, at best, are my half-brothers. Maybe I was switched at birth. That would make more sense than my mom having an affair no one knew about and her child looking nothing like she did. 
I stopped and watched the cars driving by on the interstate that bordered the other side of the field before throwing another bale from the back of the truck. I wanted to scream from the injustice of it. I didn’t want to be here anymore. I hadn’t wanted to be here since I was eight years old and my brother called me an alien baby for the first time. That was when I truly realized I was different; I didn’t belong, and no one wanted me. 
I bent over and put my hands on my knees. The weight of my hatred at this cosmically fucked-up world was more than I could bare. I wanted out. How could I get out? Though I wasn’t allowed to attend school, I had taken online classes to gain my MBA in business as well as to become an RN. I thought my degree was the ticket to freedom, but still I had no real options.
I stood back up and looked to the sky before screaming at the top of my lungs. Once I finished, I took a breath before yelling, “I just wish I could get out of this place! I don’t belong here!”
I slapped my hand over my mouth. What was I thinking? I knew better than to say stuff like that aloud. I could think it all I wanted but never say it aloud—never.
I heard wheels screeching, and I looked up in time to see an eighteen wheeler jackknife in the middle of the freeway. The SUV beside it was pushed off the road and began flipping. The front of the semi slammed into the side of a truck, and it wrapped around the front bumper. Two cars behind the semi couldn’t stop fast enough, and the small coupe actually ran under the back of the trailer while the luxury car hit the back corner, and the entire front end was crushed. 
I was running through the field before I knew what I was doing. The back of the semi was closest, so I approached the coupe that had run under the trailer. The entire roof was flattened and front windshield pushed back. My virtual trainer from my RN class popped into my head and told me to save those I could and let God save the ones I couldn’t, so I ran around to the man in the luxury car. He had a head injury that was bleeding, but otherwise, didn’t have any visible injuries. 
“Sir, can you hear me?” I asked as I opened his door.
“Um…yeah.”
“Can you feel your arms and legs?”
He nodded slightly. I grabbed his suit coat that had been thrown over the gear shifter and put it to his head. “Hold this here to minimize the bleeding. Do you have a cell phone?”
He reached for the center console, and I helped him open it and pull his phone out. “You’ll have to unlock it so I can call the police.”
He unlocked it, and I made the call, letting the dispatcher know to bring in every EMT within a thirty-mile radius and that life flight would likely be needed, which meant they would need to call them in from nearby Guthrie; then, I gave him his phone back, told him to just stay there and await the police, and went to check on the other victims. 
I came to the semi driver next, and he, too, was only banged up without any major injuries. The driver of the truck had an obviously broken leg, and by the sound of his breathing, a rib had punctured his lung. I couldn’t do more than help him lean against the passenger door and rip my flannel shirt and tie it on his arm, which was cut pretty deeply. 
Then I ran for the SUV. I prayed that there were no children in that vehicle. I would have enough to atone for once this day was done without having the death of a child on my conscience.
I approached the driver and had to choke back tears. It looked like he was dead before the vehicle ever stopped rolling. I checked the passenger and back seats and sent a prayer of thanks that they were empty.
I turned back to look at the carnage my wanting had caused. Several of the drivers of the cars backed up along the interstate were out of their cars attempting to help the victims who were able to be helped, and I could see the flashing lights in the distance, so I lowered myself to the side of the road, pulled my knees up to my chest, and rested my head on them. 
What was I thinking? No amount of suffering on my part was worth all this. I knew better than to make wishes to the heavens. They never brought anything but pain and suffering. Now I have these deaths on my hands. 
“Are you all right?”
I looked up at who had spoken and found a man standing over me. He looked to be in his mid-forties with balding hair and glasses.
“I’m fine. I wasn’t in the accident,” I told him.
“Oh. Why did you come here then?”
“I heard the accident and ran over to see if I could help.”
“You heard it? From where?”
Why did he care where I was? “I was in the field over there feeding the cows.” I pointed to my parked truck.
“Why in the world would you be feeding cows?”
“Because my father’s too drunk to feed them.”
He looked confused by that but then stuck out his hand. “I’m Corbin Shea.”
I just looked at the hand. I didn’t like touching people, especially people I didn’t know. Or those I did know. Thinking back, I couldn’t recall the last time I actually touched someone, anyone.
“Zade Wilson,” I replied.
He pulled his hand back. “Zade. Isn’t that a boy’s name?”
“Do you know many boys named Zade?”
He smiled. “No, I can’t say that I do. Do you mind me asking why you’re feeding cows in the middle of nowhere?”
“What else would you do in the middle of nowhere?”
He laughed. “It’s just that you don’t look like the type to be living on a farm.”
I looked down at my worn jean, boots, T-shirt, and flannel jacket. If I didn’t look like a farmer, then I didn’t know what one looked like.
“I’m not referring to your attire,” he clarified.
“What are you referring to exactly?”
He pointed to his head. “I’m talking about what is in here.”
“I’ll have you know that most farmers are very adept at what they do. You have to be to be able to keep everything on schedule. Forget one thing and the results could be disastrous. But to answer your question, you’re right. I don’t belong here. I would presume that’s what brought you to me today.”
He seemed pensive for a moment before nodding. “Since it seems it will be some time before I can move on from here, do you know of somewhere we might talk that is less”—he looked around at all the carnage and the paramedics scrambling around helping the injured—“distracting?”
Distracting. Yeah, that was one way to say it. “If you can pull your car off the road, I’ll take you to the only café in town.”
He nodded before turning back toward his car. I got up and started walking to my truck. Normally I wouldn’t even think about letting a stranger into my vehicle, but he was here because of me. It was my doing that messed everything up and brought him to a halt in front of me. I might as well listen to what he had to say. It was probable that our destinies were combined now. May God help him.

Available Books by S. L. Gavyn

The Forged by Magic Series
Brimstone 
Iron Made 
Dragon’s Flame 
Ange Noir: A Forged by Magic Prequel Novella

The Avery Tywella Series
Darkened
Deadened
Deceived
Craven: An Avery Tywella Companion Novel
Damned
Devoted
Avery Tywella: The Complete Box Set

The Fabled Series
The Fabled
Fable City

The Fallen–Fey Chronicles Novella Series
The Darkness
The Cursed
The Light


