






The Book of Five Worlds

Book I

The Foreshadow of Balance


‘Dangerous’ Walker
            
             Copyright Grahame Walker 2013
          Published at Smashwords
CONTENTS

Books by Author
Prologue
Chapter I
Chapter II
Chapter III
Chapter IV
Chapter V
Chapter VI
Chapter VII
Chapter VIII
Chapter IX
Chapter X
Chapter XI
Chapter XII
Chapter XIII
Chapter XIV
Chapter XV
Chapter XVI
Chapter XVII
Chapter XVIII
Chapter XIX
Chapter XX
Chapter XXI
Chapter XXII
Chapter XXIII
Chapter XXIV
Chapter XXV
Chapter XXVI
Epilogue
Walkerverse (learn more and connect with the author)

More books by the author:

Adventures in Space
The Trimedian (book 1)
Tears of War (book 2)
Strangers (book 3)
Pray for Rain (Parts 1-3)

The Book of Five Worlds
Five Tasks (book 2)
The Road between Gods and Monsters (book 3)

Southern Hunter
The Haunting of Berkeley Square
The Library of the Universes (and other tales of the King Imminent)
In the Valley of Elah
A NOTE ON THE TEXT

Some of the ebook sellers cannot have blank lines between text and so to delineate a scene change I have used the following %%%. Though this may seem weird I chose it because in the font I am writing in (but not necessarily the font you’re reading in) the percentage symbol looks a lot like this symbol:




Why I have made this choice will become clearer in Book 3, but also if you read the short story collection, ‘The Library of the Universes’.

The Black Queen stood on the balcony of her planning room and looked out over the expanse of her castle and beyond over her lands. It was a room she spent a lot of time in even though there had not been a use for it in many a year. She had conquered all that there was and there was no one left who could stand against her. 
Or at least she had thought.
There was a saying that knowledge was power and she had all the knowledge here in the room behind her. Except up until a year ago she had not fully immersed herself in it. Now she realized that there was more knowledge to have and so more power. What she was now trying to work out was how to gain that power, something she was sure she could do. Nothing and no one could stand before her and like so many powerful people, it was that belief that was her greatest weakness.
She was no fool, she knew she had to understand more, but she didn’t realize quite how much she didn’t know. And it was that, along with the ego that comes with power, which left her blind to what was happening three worlds away…

PROLOGUE

“No, it’s mine!”
“No, it’s mine. Geez, Dylan, do you need to learn it again?”
“No.”
“I can’t hear you.”
“No.”
“Good, so give me my lunch money.”
“Maybe he could go and tell his Mummy.”
“He doesn’t have one, dummy,” laughter as they walk away. Tears on a cold winter’s day. 
He’s starving by the time he gets home from school and so he sneaks into the kitchen to grab a biscuit or two. Dad is working in his study so he has to be quiet or he’ll get told off for spoiling his appetite. Two or three times a week now he has to do this; grab a secret snack and then finish his dinner even after he is stuffed. His Dad can’t know he’s being bullied. He has enough to worry about.
And so Dylan James hides under his bed covers and eats two biscuits and a lump of smelly cheese and wishes again that his Mother were still here. She’d understand; she’d hug him and brush away the tears on his cheeks. She would go down to the school and… 
The covers are whipped off!
“Ah ha!” his Dad cries. “Found you!”
Dylan looks down trying to hide his mouthful of food.
“Eating before dinner again?”
Dylan shakes his head and swallows; the biscuit ball scrapes down his throat. “No.” 
“You think I haven’t noticed?” his Dad sits down on the bed. “Are you being bullied? Someone taking your lunch money?”
“No,” he mumbles.
“You can’t stand up to them?”
“They’d beat me up again,” and now the tears really come, but his Dad pulls him into his arms.
“Well then, until that day you need to eat lunch.”
“I told you they’d beat me up,” he wails.
“Ahh, but let them take your money for now and we’ll keep a secret stash in your sock or something.”
“But, but, that’s just more money.”
“It is, but you have to beat them somehow and this is good enough for now. I think I have a secret money belt somewhere from my travelling days, I’ll go look while you find some water to wash down that snack.”
And Dylan James loved his Dad.

It had been a good day, he had avoided Brandon Cole and his bully friends and when he had tried to give his Dad back the extra money he had told him to keep it, a reward for out foxing his nemes- nemasees, nema-something, his Dad always used big words. He thought he had a pretty good vocabulary for a ten-year-old boy. Nearly eleven! He knew words like ‘vocabulary’ and that you could shorten it to ‘vocab’ and it meant ‘all the words you know’. But his Dad still used words he didn’t really understand. 
But still he was happy that night, sitting in his Dad’s study reading a book about knights in Medy-evil times. Knights were cool. His Dad was working on his computer writing something about Medy-evil times, that was what his Dad did. He taught Archaeology and History at the University. That was another long word he knew, Archaeology. It meant digging up people’s stuff from a long time ago. Dylan thought that was pretty neat.
The news was on the small TV in the study and it was talking about countries not having enough money and something bad the banks had done. Sometimes his Dad would look up and grunt at what was going on in the news and then go back to typing. Someone was talking about how people didn’t trust their Governments anymore, Dylan wasn’t sure what a Government was exactly, but his Dad had told him they were the people who ran the countries. That seemed like a big job. The person on the news was saying that people didn’t believe in 20th Century ideals anymore, and that there was a steady rise in the interest in spirituality and his Dad listened to that bit, grunted and nodded and then went back to his work.
Dylan didn’t know what 20th Century ideals were, but had an idea spirituality meant magic. He liked magic and wizards. There didn’t seem to be any magic around anymore, not like in his books, but he believed that it was still around, it was just hidden now. Maybe that was what the news person meant. He would love to find magic and use it against Brandon Cole. Make him fly in the air, or turn him into a frog and then everyone would laugh at him and not Dylan. 
“Time for bed, young man; a scholar needs his sleep,” his Dad said as he stood and stretched. 
A scholar was someone who studies. Dylan didn’t like studying much, but he tried because it made his Dad happy.  
%%%
The sand pit was empty. It was really for the little kids, but Dylan had been reading about the pyramids of Egypt and he wanted to see if he could build one. He looked again. There was no one around so he sat down in the sand and started to build. It wasn’t as easy as he had thought; the dry sand kept sliding down the sides before he got very high. He was so intent in his building that he hadn’t heard them arrive.
“Ahh, look at the little baby,” Brandon Cole said.
“Building sandcastles,” another boy said.
Dylan stood up and looked at them, then down at his unfinished pyramid.
“It’s a pyramid,” he said.
“I don’t care what it is; the sand pit is for babies. Are you a baby?” Brandon asked.
“No.”
“Well you must be if you’re in the sand pit.”
“Yeah,” Aaron Sharp snorted, “a baby.”
“I’m not a baby,” Dylan protested and stepped out of the pit.
“Aaron said you were; are you calling him a liar?” Brandon asked.
“No. Yes, I’m not a baby, I was building a pyramid,” he said, but Brandon pushed him and he fell on his back in the sand.
“You’re in the sand pit, so you must be a baby,” Brandon laughed. “Are you going to cry like a baby?”
“No,” but he did, he couldn’t help it, the fall had hurt.
The bullies laughed and walked away. They didn’t want anything but to spoil his day. He hated them.
%%%
That evening he was wrapped up against the cold in the back garden. He had his plastic toy knights, but he was thinking about the shed. It sat just behind the house by the fence. It was just a normal garden shed, just big enough to fit their bikes, a lawnmower and the other things Dad kept for the garden that he wasn’t allowed to play with. But to him it was the portal. Once that door opened he could step through and into another world, a world where he was the hero and Brandon and his friends were the baddies. They would kidnap the princess and he would defeat them. He was the hero that all the villagers loved because he defeated the dragon and the evil wizards. He rode a horse called Flax and lived in a small house in the forest even though the king wanted to build a castle for him.  
He picked up his plastic knight on horseback and charged it through the grass chasing a giant snake that was heading for a school. He would have to catch it and cut off its head before it got to the school and ate the children and then his teacher, Miss Ann, would tell him how she loved him and would kiss and hug him.
“Dylan,” his Dad called from the kitchen. “Time for dinner, big man.”


CHAPTER I

It was a horrible day, not because it was cold, but because Brandon had taken his money again. He still had his secret money so that was OK, but Brandon hadn’t left it there. He had been teased through English for answering too many questions and then they had ruined his science experiment and the teacher had sent him out. By the time he came home he was miserable and went straight out into the garden. His Dad had some big talk coming up and was still busy in his study and that suited Dylan just fine. The evening was cold; his Dad had taught him that heat goes up from the ground and gets trapped by clouds keeping it warm when the Sun goes down. But there were no clouds this evening and it was still light enough outside, though not for much longer. 
He was playing with his plastic knights plus an evil wizard and a big stuffed toy dragon. He had gone through the portal in the shed and the red dragon was a lot bigger than him and his fellow knight and there was no way they were going to beat it unless they could convince the evil wizard to help. 
He looked again at the shed; he hated school and studying and those stupid bullies. They thought he was stupid, but he wasn’t, he was smart and they didn’t like him for that. He wished he really could go through a portal; he wished he could find the magic on Earth and use it to go away. Take him and his Dad somewhere, bring his Mum back.
But she couldn’t come back, not even with magic. He didn’t really understand it, but his Dad said she had gone to a better place. If he could learn magic, maybe he could take him and his Dad to that better place to be with Mum.
And then the shed door exploded out and a great big, grey pig ran out into the garden squealing, steam coming out of its nose (its snout, Dylan knew) in great clouds and then it stopped suddenly. It looked left and then right and then straight at Dylan. He wanted to scream, but nothing would come out and then a huge man ran out of the shed. 
He wore thick fur instead of a coat and Dylan could only think that he looked dirty. The man stopped just like the pig and looked around. He looked at Dylan and moved towards him and then stopped and looked at the pig, which was looking between them. They both looked surprised. 
And then Dylan screamed for his Dad.
The pig turned in a circle looking for somewhere to run, and the man moved again toward Dylan, who could now see he had long thick hair and a beard to match with some kind of dirty green trousers on and a metal shirt under the big fur coat thing. And on his back a big two bladed battle-axe.
“Dad! Help!”
And then Dylan’s Dad ran into the garden with a cricket bat in his hand and stopped as suddenly as the pig and the man had.
“Who are you?” Dad demanded.
“How do we go?” the man asked back in a deep voice.
“Get out of my garden now.”
“Your garden?”
“Get out now or I’ll use this,” he held up the bat, but the man unslung the axe.
“And then I would have to use this. But I don’t want to,” at the sight of the axe the pig finally made up its mind and ran back to the shed and disappeared inside.
“Now I’ve lost my dinner,” the man said and seemed sad.
“Sorry,” said Dylan.
“It wasn’t your fault, I should have grabbed it. But where am I?”
“I’m going to call the police now,” Dylan’s Dad said.
“The what?”
“What’s wrong?” Dylan asked the man.
“Dylan, come here,” his Dad said. “This man has been drinking.” 
Dylan understood this. When you drink something called booze you got funny in the head and did stupid things. Sometimes Dad drank booze and got sad about Mum and cried. He didn’t like that.
“I haven’t had a drop all day,” the big man argued. “I wish I had some now for this is greatly vexing.”
“Dad has some booze.” 
“Dylan, stop talking and come here,” and Dylan walked past the man, as far away as he could, and Dad relaxed a little when he was next to him. “OK, put the axe away, man.”
“Once you put down your… what is this strange weapon you carry?”
“It’s a cricket bat, it’s for a game,” Dylan told him because the man didn’t seem dangerous, just confused. 
And then the man threw back his head and laughed.
“You threaten me with a bat from a game?” and he laughed again and Dad lowered the bat.
“Where did you come from?” he asked.
“From the shed,” Dylan answered.
“The shed?” the man asked. “No, I come from the forest town of Capel in Collyshire.”
“Right,” Dylan’s Dad said.
“And where am I now? Is this Shed?”
“No, that’s the shed,” Dylan said and pointed. The man looked at it and then slowly looked back at them.
“What world am I on?” he asked slowly.
“That’s enough,” Dad started.
“What world am I on?” the man asked more angrily.
“Earth,” Dylan said and the man seemed to go white through the dirt and suntan.
“No.”
“Yes.”
“The Fifth World.”
“What did you say?” Dad asked.
“The Fifth World.”
“You better come inside.”
“What’s going on Dad?”
“What’s your name?” he asked the man, but he didn’t answer, just looked around. “What’s your name?”
“What? Lucas.”
“You better come inside, Lucas, I think we need that drink.” 
%%%
They sat in the study, it wasn’t very big and it was stuffed with books, a desk and two comfy chairs. It seemed even smaller with Lucas in there. He stood and just looked around while Dad poured him a glass of something that he took in his big hands. Everything seemed small compared to Lucas, Dylan thought.
“Sit down, Lucas, let me find something,” Dad said and started looking through his books. Lucas took off his axe and squeezed into a chair and Dylan stood next to him.
“Why do you need such a big axe?”
He looked down at Dylan. “I don’t if I think about it, I just like it.”
“Do you kill people?”
“Sometimes, if needs must.”
“Right, here it is,” Dylan’s Dad said holding a big book.
“What is this?”
“It’s a collection; most people thought the writer was an idiot. He put together all the ancient references to the Five Worlds. Look,” he flipped open a few pages and showed them to Lucas while Dylan craned to see.
“This can’t be true,” Lucas shook his head.
“But it is, isn’t it? You come from a different world.”
“No, this is some magic cast upon me,” Lucas shouted and stood up. Dylan staggered backwards and trod on the remote control switching the TV on to the news.
“AARRRGGGHH!” Lucas cried staring at the box. “What by thunder is that?”
“It’s a television,” Dylan said.
“How do the people get inside?” he was scared.
“They’re not inside, silly, they are somewhere else, we can just see them.”
“Like a Seer’s Orb?”
“No,” Dad said, “it runs on electricity, look,” he bent down and picked up the remote and showed Lucas how the channels changed.
“Quickly, man, what is your name?”
“Connor James and this is my son Dylan.”
“Connor James, explain quickly what this electrickery is.”
“Well, you burn coal to make it and then it powers just about everything we use.” 
Lucas stood and thought about it.
“Coal comes from the ground?”
“Yes, it’s animals that died millions of years ago.”
“I must go,” Lucas said.
“No, stay,” said Dylan.
“I will be back, but this is all too much for me. I am not a clever man.”
They followed him through the house as he looked at everything, touching things here and there until they were back at the shed. And then he stopped.
“I don’t know what to do. Who can I talk to?”
“I don’t understand,” Connor James said.
“This is too big for my understanding, yet I understand that this is important. Who will use this information for good? The wrong people would use the portal for ill. What if the Black Queen finds out? But maybe we can use this to defeat her, but, but I don’t know.”
“Who is the Black Queen?” Dylan asked.
“I will be back, I don’t know how long, but no longer than a week,” Lucas said. “Farewell Connor and Dylan of The Shed,” he said and then strode through the shed door and disappeared.
Dylan moved towards it, but his Dad grabbed him.
“No. We don’t know what is on the other side, or whether we could get back again.” 
%%%
The next day at school went past as if in a dream. The bullies tried to take his lunch money, but he didn’t even notice them.
“Where’s my money, pussy?”
“What?” Dylan asked not really even hearing as he continued to walk around the playground.
“My money. What are you deaf?”
“Hmm, no,” kept on walking.
“Hey, come back here!” they ran around in front of him, but he changed direction and kept walking and thinking about Lucas and the shed and, what was it called? The portal.
“He’s talking to you,” someone shouted, but they gave up chasing him as he wandered. He thought he heard someone say something about being ‘crazy’.
%%%
That evening he stood in the cold back garden staring at the open shed. The doorway was pitch black even though there was enough light coming from the house to see inside. He tried to remember all the things that he should be able to see, the lawn mower, their bikes, a hose, some gardening tools. But now he could see nothing. He wondered what was really on the other side. A forest he thought. Lucas had said he came from a forest town and he’d been chasing a big pig. Would the forest be bright and green or dark and scary? Was it winter there too? Lucas had been wearing big furs so he thought it must be. But what he had been thinking about all day in school was what his Dad had said about five worlds. Not just one, but five. 
And now he heard his Dad come out of the house, felt him come and stand next to him and they both stood and stared at the shed.
“Can you believe it?” his Dad asked.
“Can you?” he asked and looked up at his Dad. He wasn’t sure he could, but if his Dad could…
“Come inside and let me show you a few things.”
They walked inside to the study and his Dad sat down at his desk and lifted Dylan onto his lap. Then he opened the big book he had shown Lucas.
“OK, so throughout all the old mythologies; you know what they are?”
“Like a story?”
“Yes, exactly. Throughout them all there are hints and thoughts and stories about the Five Worlds. From Old Norse to ancient Chinese. They were never very big because even back then people thought it was silly, right?”
“OK.”
“But this guy, Dr. Fozz…”
“That’s a funny name.”
“Yeah, it is; anyway, he studied it for years, all the clues, travelled the world and wrote this book. You see a lot of stories and myths never got written down, but they got passed on verbally.”
“Verbally?”
“Verbally means speaking. So what Dr. Fozz found was that there are five worlds all connected by portals.”
“Like in our shed.”
“Exactly, but as people on Earth became more interested in science, medicine and money, they stopped believing in myths and magic and the portal to Earth closed.”
“Why?”
“Because something can’t exist if no one believes in it. If someone was walking in the forest and they thought they saw a unicorn in the forest, just somewhere in the trees, they wouldn’t believe they saw a unicorn, they would believe they saw a horse and the light or the trees made it look like it had a horn. You see?”
“I think so. But why would there be a portal in our shed?”
“I don’t know. But we have to be careful; we can’t go through the portal, OK?”
“OK.”
“Really.”
“OK, OK.”
“And we have to be careful; we don’t know what might come out. Remember the pig?”
“Yeah, that was scary.”
“Right.”
“Do you think Lucas will come back?”
“I don’t know. I think so, but I didn’t really understand what he was talking about before he left, I need to read more now, OK?”
“Yeah.”
His Dad put him down and turned him so they were looking into each other’s eyes.
“Don’t go near the portal. We wait for Lucas, OK?”
“Yes, Dad,” he turned to leave. “Can I at least go out and look at it?”
His Dad smiled. 
“If I said no, you would sneak out anyway,” he got up and found a metal poker from the fireplace that had never been used. “If you do, keep this with you in case another animal comes out. And then shout for me,” he smiled and Dylan smiled back.
 

CHAPTER II
 
The next day was school and Dylan found he could concentrate a little more; he didn’t want people to think he was being strange and ask him. Teachers were pretty good at that, asking if you felt alright and if you needed to go to the nurse. So he answered questions and the bullies made jokes about him being a square, but he didn’t care, they could do and say whatever they wanted as long as no one found out about the portal. And then maybe, when Lucas came back he could come into school with his big axe and the bullies would never make jokes about him again. Yes, that would be the end of it, his prayers answered. He was sure that Lucas would do it, just to help him out. It wouldn’t take long.
Answered prayers, he thought. Hadn’t he wished, wished so hard that there was a portal in the shed? And now there was one. Had he somehow wished it into existence? If that was so, it must be to defeat the bullies. Lucas was his knight come to save him.
He ran home after school and picked up his poker and went straight out into the garden; he peeked into the study first, but his Dad was busy with three or four books on his desk. So he sat down on the cold grass and stared at the portal. It was still light outside, but the shed door was black. He sat like that for an hour maybe before suddenly Lucas was standing in front of him. He nearly screamed, but held his breath. He didn’t want to scare Dad. And then there was a second man standing there. This one had a long green cloak that went right down to his feet and a hood that covered his face in shadow.
“You see?” Lucas asked.
“I see,” said the other man. “I see, yet I cannot believe.”
“Cannot or do not want to?” Lucas asked and the man laughed. “And sitting before us is the Guardian of the Portal, Dylan of The Shed.”
The man pulled back his hood and Dylan saw that he looked younger than Lucas, but maybe that was because he was cleaner. He had a sharp nose and chin, and a short, neat beard, but his smile was warm and bright.
“How do we go? An honour to meet you, Dylan of The Shed,” he said with a smile. “Please do stand up.”
Dylan did so and held out a hand, which the man took and shook.
“We have the same greetings,” the green man said to Lucas.
“We must talk with your Father, Dylan,” Lucas said.
“OK. Come inside.”
They walked through the house, but the green-cloaked man stopped before they got to the study.
“It is warm in here yet I see no fires,” he said.
“It’s central heating.”
“Central heating?” Lucas asked. “What is that?”
Dylan shrugged. “We have radiators,” he pointed to one. “They’re filled with hot water.”
The green man laughed again. “Truly we are in the Fifth World, Lucas.”
“Wait until you experience electrickery,” Lucas told him and winked at Dylan. Ha! He winked at me, like friends do!
“What is all this?” his Father asked from the door. “Oh, Lucas. Come into the study and… who is this?”
“You must be the Father of the Guardian, Connor of The Shed. How do we go?” the green man said. “I am Bell; I am, or was, a Forest Ranger of the King.”
“Welcome Bell, come into my study, I have much to show you.”
Connor James told the two men everything he had told Dylan, and a little more that he had read, ending with talking about the Book of Five Worlds.
“Yes, I have heard of the book, but if it exists then the Black Queen has it,” Bell said and Lucas grunted in agreement.
“Who is the Black Queen?” Dylan asked.
“That is for later, young Guardian, we have more pressing matters.”
“Who do we tell?” Lucas said.
“I don’t understand,” Connor admitted.
“There have been many wars between the Four Worlds,” Bell explained, “but in the last one the Chinerthians won and the Four Worlds have been ruled by the Black Queen ever since. If she found this portal she would take this world too, or if another world finds it they may use it to defeat the Chinerthians. Either way this world would be put into slavery and war.”
“But we would fight back, we have guns and tanks and bombs,” Dylan told him.
“What are these things you speak of? Weapons?” asked Lucas.
“Let me show you,” Dad said and turned on the television.
“What in thunder is this?” Bell shouted in alarm.
“It is a television, it runs on electrickery,” Lucas told him.
“Here,” Connor said having flicked through channels. On the screen were scenes from one of the wars going on. The four of them saw soldiers firing machineguns while tanks rolled behind them.
“And they are not in the box?” Bell asked slowly bending forward. “It is like a Seer’s Orb?”
“Similar,” Lucas said. “They are in another part of this world, am I correct?”
“Yes, you are.”
“And these are soldiers with weapons?” Bell asked.
“I’m afraid so,” Dylan’s Dad said.
“Then it is worse than I imagined. We cannot let such weapons get into the Four Worlds.”
“Can’t we close the portal?” Dylan asked.
“We don’t even know why it has opened again,” Bell said.
“I have an idea,” Connor said.
“For another time, we must get you to the Wizard Btolomy.”
“What? Why?” asked Lucas.
“Because he will never believe us otherwise.”
%%%
It was agreed that Lucas and Bell would go back and fetch clothes for Connor and Dylan and be back as soon as possible and then the four of them would go to find the wizard.
But a horrible week passed, school went on as normal and so did the bullying. Dylan lost his lunch money every day that week and got a nasty bruise on his stomach the one time he wouldn’t give it to them. But he still had his secret money pouch that sat under his armpit and didn’t go hungry. 
But that wasn’t the worst thing. The worst thing was the waiting, the evenings sitting in front of the shed waiting. Even his Dad sometimes joined him and they both sat in the cold air and waited.
Would they come back? Maybe they had decided to just forget about it; maybe it was too dangerous; maybe they had been caught by the Black Queen. Dylan couldn’t bare it, the waiting was the worse thing he had ever been through, all the questions, the unknowing. It was much worse than the bullies at school. But then on the Thursday night they came.
%%%
“What happened to you, why didn’t you come back?” Dylan asked them once they were all seated in the study.
“We had things to do, preparations,” Bell said.
“You both look exhausted, what did you do?” Dad asked.
“Robbed a tax stronghold,” Lucas said and drank some of his booze.
“You did what?” his Dad shouted.
“Be calm, Connor of the Shed. We had to,” Bell said. “We’re going to need money and now we have it.”
“A tax stronghold? Tax for whom? Tell me not this Black Queen,” and Lucas and Bell said nothing. “Well?”
“You told us not to tell you it was the Black Queen,” Lucas shrugged.
“You have to be joking,” Connor fumed. “Now they’ll be looking for you, they’ll find the portal.”
“Relax,” Bell said, “it took us so long because it was far away. No one saw us.”
“You think no one saw you,” Dad replied.
“We weren’t followed, but yes they will be looking.”
“That’s why we need to stay here for a little while,” Lucas said.
“No, we’re supposed to go through the portal,” Dylan complained.
“You will, but for now we need to lay low. This is a very important mission, Guardian, we cannot rush into it,” Bell smiled at him.
%%%
In the guest bedroom there were two single beds. Lucas sat on the edge of one, Bell on the other. 
“I’m not sure I like this,” Lucas frowned.
“What? Why?” Dylan asked.
“It’s so squashy.”
“It is that,” Bell agreed finally lying down. He then pulled out the pillow and mashed it around a bit before putting his head back down. “I may drown in this pillow overnight.”
Dylan laughed.
“Don’t you have soft beds and pillows in your world?
“No. Maybe royalty does.”
Lucas was rolling left and right on the bed until he fell off and thudded to the floor. 
“By thunder! Who thought luxury would be such a pain?” he rumbled from the floor and Dylan and Bell laughed.
“Tell me how you broke into the tax stronghold,” Dylan asked.
“That’s for another time,” his Dad said from behind him. “For now I think we all need our rest. If needs be I’ll call the school Monday morning; you’ll have a nasty bout of gastro from a family barbeque and will staying home for awhile.”
“Really? Cool, thanks, Dad.”
“Indeed. Now to bed, see you in the morning.”
“If I survive the night,” Lucas grumbled from the floor.
%%%
The next morning they sat crowded around the small table in the kitchen. Lucas was busy with his third plate of sausages and bacon while Bell eyed the gurgling coffee maker with suspicion. 
“This stuff is amazing,” declared Lucas pouring more ketchup onto his plate. “Made from tomatoes, you say? Amazing.”
The coffee finished and Connor poured three cups and brought them to the table. Bell took one and sniffed at it.
“What’s wrong with it?” Dylan asked.
“I am not sure I trust your electrickery to make me a drink.”
“Hm, smells like Ka-Vey to me,” Lucas said and drank some. “By thunder!” he then exclaimed.
“I knew it would be bad.”
“Bad? Bad? It is positively wonderful,” he drank down the rest and held his cup out to Connor who poured more in.
Bell could only shrug and try some himself and indeed his face lit up. 
“By thunder, Lucas, you are not wrong.”
“Well, I need to go out and buy some clothes for Lucas; I think mine should fit Bell. While I’m out why don’t you show them how the shower works? Man, I’d love to be here to watch,” he grinned at his son who grinned back.
“OK, this is the toilet.”
“This is a toilet?”
“Yes.”
“I suppose it looks a little like a toilet,” Bell agreed.
“Looks nothing like a hole in the ground to me,” Lucas said.
“You pull this lever to flush,” Dylan said and showed them.
The two men jumped back a little as the water flushed down.
“Where does it go?”
“Down into the sewers, they’re underground.”
“Amazing.”
“If you think that’s amazing, the shower’s really going to blow your mind…”
%%%
They all stood in the hallway, Lucas now dressed in jeans and a brightly coloured shirt.
“I’m sorry, it’s all they had in your size,” Dad apologized.
“I look like a flower maiden,” Lucas complained.
“I smell like a spring meadow, this shower crème is amazing,” Bell said happily.
“We smell like women,” Lucas frowned.
“But only you are dressed like one,” Bell laughed and Dylan did too.
“OK, well let’s go,” Dad said. “Er, Lucas?”
“Yes?”
“Your axe?”
“Yes?”
“Well, you can’t take it with you, can you?”
“Why not?”
“Leave it here; you’ll see when we get out there.”
“Fine. Smell like a woman, unarmed like a woman,” he harrumphed.
“Don’t let the Amchantae hear you,” Bell warned.
“Yes, even here they probably can.”
“Who are the Am, Amchant…”
“Amchantae? Warrior women,” Lucas said.
“Oh,” said Dylan. He thought there were a few girls in his class who might be Amchantae.

They walked through the city and Lucas and Bell stared at everything. It was like having young children, trying to stop them walking in front of cars or touching things.
“This is all truly amazing,” Bell said.
“You don’t have anything like this on your world?” Dylan asked.
“No, nothing. Our carriages are pulled by horse.”
“Or powered by magic,” Lucas said.
“Magic sounds much cooler,” Dylan said as they walked into a coffee shop.
Once they were all seated with coffees and a smoothie for Dylan, they began to talk.
“With this technology we could easily defeat the Black Queen,” Bell said.
“Yes, but didn’t you say you lived in a forest town?” Connor asked.
“We do,” Lucas replied taking a large gulp of coffee.
“Well all of this used to be forest; this world used to be a lot like yours. Now we have all these good things, but they bring a lot of bad things too.”
“Such as?” Bell asked.
“Well look around you, everyone is squashed into a small area, that means there is more crime. In this world many people make it very rich, but that leaves many more people very poor.
“In your world you are ruled by the Black Queen, in this world we are ruled by big businesses. If you brought all this into your world, yes, you would defeat the Black Queen, but ultimately you would be ruled over by similar people.”
“I don’t really understand,” Lucas said, “but it seems to me you think bringing Earthen technology into our world would be a bad thing.”
“Yes, yes I do.”
“You can’t stop that happening,” Bell said. “Once the oppressed people of our world find out about this they will want to use it to destroy the Black Queen.”
“Exactly. And then what? They will rule over the Four Worlds in just the same way as she does.”
“Hmm, you may be right,” Bell thought. “Rulers are greedy for power in all worlds.”
“But who is the Black Queen? Why does she rule? Why is she bad?” Dylan asked.
“That is a long story, but it has to do with the Balance of the Five Worlds, I think. Btolomy will know more. However, there are five worlds, indeed?”
“If you say so.”
“Each one has a Mark, something common to all the people in that world. This world has technology, Earthen people are marked by their ability to invent and discover, you understand this?”
“Yes,” said Dad.
“So our world is one of nature, we connect with living beings, animals, trees and such, that is our Mark.”
“In direct contrast to this world,” Dad said.
“Yes,” Bell continued, “they are balanced. Then there is Chinerthia, a warrior world on the other side.”
“The other side?”
“Think of the Five Worlds as being in a circle, Dylan,” his Dad said.
“OK.”
“So war and technology are linked, you see, such as the images you showed us of guns and the carriages, tanks?”
“Yeah.”
“So you see that on one side you have a world with an opposite mark and on the other a linked mark. Balance.” Bell sat back and drank the rest of his coffee.
“But that doesn’t answer my question,” Dylan pressed.
“Well, no, I don’t really know the answer; somehow the Chinerthians changed the Balance and gained strength over the other worlds.”
“Btolomy will know,” Lucas chipped in.

After another night’s sleep Bell decided that the trail would have grown cold enough to go.
“It’s only been a couple of days since the robbery though,” argued Dad.
“Indeed, but we must get to Btolomy,” Bell countered. “Every day we risk someone finding the portal.”
“OK. Dylan go and pack a bag, I’ll do the same.”
And so, dressed in the clothes and cloaks that Bell and Lucas had gotten for them, Connor and Dylan James walked through the shed and into the Forest of Capel, around five miles from the forest town of Capel in the realm of Collyshire, in the country of Thalm on the planet Sylvae.

CHAPTER III

The sunlight dappled through the tall trees. In fact the trees were so tall the light could barely reach through to light the forest floor. The air was warm with a light breeze and Dylan felt good just being there. It didn’t feel like a different world; he’d never seen trees so tall in England, he had to bend backwards just to see the tops, but other than that it felt like a normal forest. 
It was a pain though, pushing through long grass and bushes for what seemed like hours until they found a clearing of short grass that stretched on like a road. Already Dylan had cuts on his face and hands and they stung a little.
“So are we going to your house?” Dylan asked Lucas.
“We should, you can see how I live.”
“No time,” Bell said from ahead, “and anyway we can’t risk people in the village finding out where our friends come from.”
“True,” Lucas said, but seemed disappointed. As was Dylan. 
He didn’t really understand everything that was happening nor why, but finally his dreams of escape had come true and so far it didn’t seem as much fun as he had dreamt it would be.
“How far is it?” Dad asked.
“The town? About 5 miles that way,” Lucas said.
“And the wizard’s castle?” 
Bell laughed. “I’ve never known a wizard to live in a castle. But about three miles West in a village.” 
So they walked on through the road of low grass and shade of the trees, either side bushes grew thickly. Dylan couldn’t remember ever having to walk so far and his feet hurt. Why didn’t they just have cars here? Everything would be faster with cars. He looked ahead of him to see his Dad walking and talking with Lucas who had his axe out. He must be telling Dad about how to use it or something, and he saw Bell drop back to walk alongside him.
“You look tired,” he said.
“I don’t think I have ever walked this far, is it much longer?”
Bell thought for a second. “Not for me, I’m used to it, but I guess it is for your little legs.”
“I can run fast,” Dylan protested.
“I bet you can. Look! There’s a Mottled Turung,” Bell said and pointed to a low branch. On it sat a bird about the size of a sparrow, but with bright green wings and an orange belly.
“It’s beautiful.”
“It is, but look at its feet.”
 Dylan peered under the bird and could see two large feet, which looked nearly as big as the bird, with sharp talons on each.
“Very dangerous,” Bell said and Dylan moved closer to him. He laughed. “Not to us so much, but they carry away much larger animals and eat them slowly with their tiny beak.”
“That’s disgusting,” Dylan made a face.
“That’s nature,” Bell replied and they watched as the bird took flight tucking its huge feet under it. “They go for rabbits mainly, do you have rabbits?”
“Yes.”
“Good eating.”
“What? We don’t eat them. They’re pets,” Dylan said alarmed.
“Pets? You mean people keep them in their house?”
“Yes.”
“But they don’t eat them?”
“No.”
“The Fifth World is truly strange,” Bell mused
%%%
“How about you?” Lucas asked Connor. “You know how to use that sword you’re carrying?”
“I hope I won’t have to.”
Lucas laughed his hearty laugh. “Aye, that’s a good hope.”
Suddenly there was a loud thrustling in the bushes, a breaking and twigging, and ahead of them a big cat sprang from the bushes. It was the size of a lion and looked like one, but instead of a mane of hair it had long sharp quills like a porcupine. It stood in front of them and roared a terrifying roar. Lucas already had his axe at hand and Bell unsheathed his own sword and ran up to meet them as Dad drew his sword and fell back to stand with Dylan.
“What is it, Dad?”
“I don’t know, like a lion.”
“But hair like a hedgehog,” Dylan said and they watched as it walked in tight circles in front of Lucas and Bell.
“It’s injured,” whispered Bell.
“Aye, it is too,” Lucas replied and took a better grip on his axe.
“We can’t wait for it to run or die.”
“Guardian Dylan, hide your eyes,” Lucas said and Dad grabbed him and pulled him into his chest. Dylan knew he didn’t want to see, but he did. He didn’t want to be muffled in Dad’s belly, but still he knew that to see would give him nightmares. He heard though, and saw it in his mind. 
Lucas charged the beast, roaring with his axe held high, and the beast roared back, fanning its quills. It leapt into the air, but with a massive underarm stroke Lucas buried the axe into its body. For a moment they were frozen like that and then Lucas started to tumble back, but with a great heave threw the axe and body high and back onto the ground where it landed with a thump and finally Dad let him go.
Lucas was already going over and pulling his axe from the beast when Dylan ran up.
“Stop there, young Guardian,” Bell said as he put out a hand. “It is not dead yet.”
“What is it?”
“That’s a Lien, very dangerous.”
“More dangerous than a Turung?”
Bell laughed. “Just a bit.”
“We have similar animals on Earth, but they don’t live in forests or have the quills,” Dad said.
“A bald Lien?” Lucas said surprised.
“Well, no they have hair instead.”
“Hmm,” Lucas said uninterestedly.
Bell looked at the beast. “It was wounded, that is not good for us; it means there are other people around in the forest.”
“It could have come miles with a wound like that; never known a hardier beast.”
“True, but we should make haste.”
“This is a feast and a cloak, we can’t just leave it,” Lucas said.
“Then you can carry it,” Bell replied.
And so they walked on along the forest road, Lucas carrying the dead Lien on his shoulders.
“Would you have used your sword, Dad?”
“I don’t think I would have been much help.”
“I will give you both some lessons when we get to the village,” Bell called back. “Knowing Btolomy, he will want to sit and think before he speaks.”
%%%
 And so they walked into the village of Doomth as afternoon drew to its middle, Lucas still with the Lien and Dad with Dylan clinging to his back. It was a small village with a number of small wooden houses on short stilts in a circle around a dusty open area. In the middle was a large fire pit with men setting up some kind of wooden poles over it.
“Here, men,” Lucas said as he walked over and dumped the Lien. “For tonight’s dinner.”
“Well, here is to you stranger, but what price do you ask?” one of the men asked.
“Nothing but the skin for a cloak,” Dylan answered.
“We will not accept unless you feast with us,” another man said and Lucas laughed.
“That is what I hoped you would say.”
“Ahh, Ranger of the Woods, how do we go? It has been a long time since we saw you here,” the first man said.
“It is a day’s work to eke out food since the General took over and you know, Hance, that I have not been a Ranger for many a year,” Bell replied.
“I know, but I do not accept,” the man called Hance said. “You are here to see Btolomy, no?”
“That is true and so we must leave you to your duties.”
“We will take this beast to the women to prepare; it has been a long time since we have eaten so well.”
“Come,” Bell said to the party and they walked to the other end of the village where a single hut stood outside the circle. 
Lucas sat down on the steps that led up to the hut.
“You’re not coming in?” Connor asked.
“No. Wizards make my head hurt with all their words,” Lucas replied.
But Bell was already up the four steps and knocking on the door.
“It is Bell, former Ranger of the Woods, may my party enter?” he called through the door.
“You may,” a voice called back and the door opened on its own.  
 They stepped into the gloomy room, Lucas reluctantly following at Dylan’s urging, to find an old man sitting at a desk by a window. The walls were covered with full bookshelves as was a small table and chair by an empty fireplace. The man didn’t look around at them and seemed to be writing something in the patch of sunlight that sat upon his desk.
“You will excuse the lack of chairs, I hope,” he said without looking up.
“It is fine,” said Bell.
“What is it that brings you to my humble dwelling, Ranger of the Woods and Guardsman of the Mountain City?”
“You’re a guard?” Dylan asked Lucas and the Wizard stood and turned in one swift movement.
“It is your companions,” he said.
“Btolomy, they are from the Fifth World,” Bell told.
“Impossible. That would mean that a… hmm… a portal.”
“I ran into it some days ago,” Lucas said. “This is Connor and Dylan of the Shed, Guardians of the portal.”
“You have been to Earth?”
“We both have,” Bell said.
“Extraordinary,” he stroked the stubble on his chin. “And now you come looking for advice.”
“Can you help us?” Dylan asked. “We don’t know what to do if anyone finds it.”
“Because you have technological weapons there. And you have thought of bringing those weapons through to defeat the Black Queen.”
“We did, but Connor of the Shed said that we cannot,” Bell told him.
“And why is that?” the Wizard asked Connor.
“Because whoever held those weapons would be undefeatable, they would have the power to control the four worlds and you would swap one dictator for another.”
“Good, good, we have a wise Guardian, that is good.”
“But if someone else found the portal,” Bell started. “Well, we could not blame oppressed people for wanting to fight back.”
“No, indeed,” said the Wizard. “And I believe that the portal will grow, the magicians of Hokino and of Chinerthia will begin to sense it. The Black Queen will send soldiers.”
“You seem to know a lot about it, what can we do?” Connor asked.
The Wizard looked, to Dylan, a little sad. He looked at them all, as if thinking, and then back down at his desk before turning back and speaking.
“No, no, I know very little. The Book of Five Worlds is the only complete source of information about the portals between worlds.”
“And the Black Queen has it,” Lucas sighed.
“I have some writings on the Book hidden away, but we would need to find more to glean any useful information on how to close the portal,” Btolomy said.
“Close it?” Dylan asked.
“That would be the safest option,” Btolomy said. “Close it before anyone finds it, but I’m afraid I wouldn’t even know where to start looking.”
“Your book, Dad, you have a whole book about it,” Dylan said excitedly.
“You’re right, I do. A scholar on Earth pieced together all the stories and myths about the Five Worlds.”
“Then you must go back and see this scholar, find what he knows. We need to know why the portals closed and why at least one has reopened.”
“By thunder!” Lucas cried. “What if a portal has opened on Chinerthia?”
“Then there is nothing we can do.”
“Let us hope then, that this is not the case,” Bell said. 
“Leave now, I will start reading and find what I can,” and with that the wizard Btolomy sat back down and stared out of his window.
The group walked back outside to find the fire roaring in the centre of the village and already Lien meat was cooking.
“Come, come and eat,” a woman said and they followed her to the fire.
The sun was setting and the air was cold so Dylan was happy to sit as close to the fire as he could. He still couldn’t believe this was another world and that he had met a wizard. He wished the wizard had shown him some magic; that would have been cool. What was the difference between a wizard and a magician he wondered and looked around for someone to ask, but there was only his Dad close by and he didn’t want to leave the fire. 
He also wasn’t sure he wanted to close the portal, he didn’t want to have to go back to Earth and school and all that normal stuff. He wanted to see more of this world and the others. Not Chinerthia though. That seemed like a bad place.
Lucas came over with a big piece of meat each for him and his Dad. He wasn’t sure he wanted to eat Lien, but he was super hungry from all the walking and he could pretend it was chicken, so he took a big bite and it tasted pretty good.
“It’s not bad, is it?” his Dad said.
“I like it.”
“What do you think?” Lucas asked coming back with cups of water for them.
“It’s really nice,” Dylan said and Lucas smiled. 
“Your first meal on Sylvae.”
“Is that what this world is called?” Dylan asked.
“Indeed it is.”
They ate and drank; Dad had some beer that he said was excellent and finally people just sat around the fire and talked. 
Suddenly Bell was crouching behind them.
“Don’t move, but there is a small group of people at the edge of the village,” he whispered.
“How do you know?” Dylan whispered back.
“My senses are attuned to the forest.”
“What does attuned mean?” 
“Later,” Dad said. “What do we do?”
“The other men know; if we are attacked take Dylan to the nearest house and stay there.” 
And with a sudden cry, a large group of men ran into the circle of houses from all sides. The villagers leapt to their feet and drew swords. Connor did the same, but grabbed Dylan’s arm and pulled him towards a house. One of the attackers sprang out of the shadows and his Dad swung the sword at him. Dylan couldn’t see what happened, but he saw some blood and the man disappeared and then they were at a house being pulled in by two women.
Outside swords clashed in the dark. Lucas and Bell were moving fast from one foe to another; Lucas swinging his great double bladed axe in mighty arcs, Bell’s sword dancing in tight movements. But it was no good, the villagers weren’t trained fighters and they were being pushed back toward the fire.
“Surrender your goods or your lives!” one of the attackers shouted, but then blood sprayed from his chest and he fell. 
Another attacker suddenly went down and Lucas swung forward once again. Bell too used the confusion and took down another man and another. Lucas had made a hole in the circle of attackers. One tried to stab him from behind, but was cut down. And finally all the attackers lay dead and the villagers gathered around the fire, the women slowly coming out of the houses to join them.
“Who is out there?” shouted Bell, but there was no answer.
“What happened?” Dylan asked.
“Someone helped us from the dark,” Lucas said.
“Connor of the Shed, are you hurt?” Bell asked.
“No, it’s not my blood.”
“Dad got one of them with his sword,” Dylan said proudly.
“Why, well done, Guardian,” Lucas said and slapped him on the back.
“Friend, show yourself that we might thank you,” Bell called out once more into the dark. 
But the dark was silent. 
“It was the Shadow Ranger,” one of the women said.
“Nonsense,” said a man, “the Shadow Ranger is a myth.”
“Who were these men?” Connor asked.
Lucas grabbed a body and pulled it into the light of the fire.
“Brigands by the look of them, here to steal food.”
“They’d kill us for food?”
“Oh yes.”
“Who is the Shadow Ranger?” Dylan asked.
“For another time,” Bell said, “for now it is time to sleep.”
CHAPTER IV

In the morning the bodies had gone, Dylan guessed the men had buried them or something last night. He could still see blood in the sand though and he didn’t like looking at it. Bell was sitting on one of the logs by the now dead fire talking to a man while his Dad was practicing his sword with Lucas.
“There he is,” shouted Lucas and Dad put his sword away. “Are you ready to go back now, Dylan of the Shed?”
“I dunno, I want to see more of your world.”
“Shh,” said Dad, “don’t let the villagers hear such words.”
“Sorry,” he whispered.
“It’s OK, Son, you’re doing great,” he smiled and hugged him.
Bell walked over. “Janeson has just got back from town where no news is good news for us.”
“What do you mean?”
“No sign of the Ruling Guards, no news from the city, so hopefully the portal is still undetected.”
“Then let us move,” Lucas said and stretched. “I for one need some morning coffee.”
Dad laughed and Dylan couldn’t help joining in.     
%%%
The walk back seemed shorter than the walk to the village and they were once again pushing through the bushes having seen a deer and a number of different birds and butterflies. As they walked they ate some cold Lien meat that they had taken, but now Dylan was looking forward to getting home and eating Earth food. Maybe a hamburger, they were his favourite. 
They only found the portal because of Bell’s keen forest skills and he said that that was a good sign too, not many people would come this way and if they did they would probably walk straight past the portal and never see it.
And then they were in the garden again. It was cold and raining so they ran straight for the house. Inside they took turns in the shower and Dad brewed up coffee that was gladly accepted.
“So how do we proceed?” Bell asked.
“Well we need to go and find this Dr. Fozz. According to the book he works at University College, London so we can catch the train down.”
%%%
“I can’t believe this,” Lucas said with a grin as the train hurtled along the tracks. 
“It makes me feel a little sick to look out,” moaned Bell.
It was funny, thought Dylan; he’d been on the train loads of times to visit museums with his Dad and had never thought about how fast they went. Never really thought much about them until he was travelling with two people who had never been on one. Never travelled so fast in their life. 
The two Outworlders were a little wobbly when they stepped out onto solid ground, but soon they were walking through the city and any thoughts of trains had disappeared as they ogled the buildings of London. But there was no time to sightsee and Connor led them quickly to the University and before long they were knocking on the office door of one Dr. Fozz.
“Come in.”
They entered the small office and Dylan was reminded of the wizard’s hut, so many books were covering the walls. At a desk in front of a window sat the doctor.
“Dr. Fozz?” Connor asked.
“Indeed and who might you be?” he asked with a warm smile.
“My name is Connor James.”
“The Archaeologist?”
“I am. You’ve heard of me?”
“I’ve read some of your books on myths. Please find seats,” and they moved chairs and books around in a dance before they sat in a rough semi-circle around the desk.
“I’ve read your book ‘Legends of the Five Worlds’.”
“Well good to see someone has.”
“It’s why we’re here. This is Dylan, my son, Bell and Lucas.”
Dr. Fozz looked from Connor to Dylan and then to Bell and finally his eyes rested on Lucas.
“It’s happened hasn’t it?” the Doctor asked.
“It has,” Connor replied.
“I never thought it would, at least not in my life time, you two men are Outworlders.”
“We are,” said Bell. “From Sylvae.”
“How do we go?” Dr. Fozz asked.
“It is well,” replied Bell.
“It is confusing,” answered Lucas and Dr. Fozz laughed. 
“I’m sure, I’m sure. Where has it opened?”
“In our shed,” Dylan said.
“Your shed? And did you find it?”
“Yes, I was just sitting there when a pig came running out.”
“My dinner,” Lucas said sadly.
“Well, well, that must have been scary for you. Tell me what were you thinking about?”
“I, well,” he looked at his Dad, “I was thinking about magic and wishing there was a portal so that we could escape the school bullies, and, and find my Mum,” he looked down at the floor and Dad put an arm around him.
“So you were thinking about portals and one opened?” Dr. Fozz rubbed his chin. “Do you go to church, Dylan?”
“Mostly. Sunday School.”
“And so you believe the stories you hear?”
“I guess, why would they lie?”
“Why indeed and your Dad must have read you myths and legends, yes?”
“Yeah, I like them too.”
“Where is this going?” his Dad asked.
“We are in a more spiritual age now, some call it postmodernism, people are warier of technology and big business. They look into religions, spirituality and the like. There is more belief and with more belief it is easier for a portal to open. 
“And your son seemed to have enough belief, enough faith and specifically, belief that a portal could exist so that it did.”
“So there is no portal on Chinerthia?” Bell asked.
“I would think not.”
“How do we close it again?” Dad asked.
“Good question. But why would you want to close it?”
“We can’t let Earthen weapons into the Four Worlds,” Bell said.
“What is the state of the Four Worlds since the Earthly portals closed?” Dr. Fozz asked and sat back.
“The Chinerthians took control of the Book of Five Worlds and they somehow altered the Balance,” Bell explained. “I don’t understand how, but it is as if they draw power from the Four Worlds making them stronger and the rest of us weaker, they have ruled over us for many centuries now.”
“Interesting,” Dr Fozz said and put his pipe in his mouth, but didn’t light it. 
“Can you help us?” asked Dylan.
“Well much of what you need to know will be known in your worlds, but I can say this, from my studies of the legends true balance is only achieved through all Five Worlds being connected. You could try and close this portal and nothing will change or you could try and open the Earth/Chinerthian portal and reset the balance.”
“But to do that…” Connor said.
“Indeed you would.”
“Would what, you confuse me,” Lucas said impatiently.
“We’d need the Book of Five Worlds,” Bell said.
“Yes, it is the only thing that I know of that would contain instructions to close or open a portal.”
“But if the Black Queen has the book, why hasn’t she opened a portal?” Lucas asked.
“Who knows,” answered the Doctor. “Perhaps she knows it would reset the balance, perhaps she can’t. Without the Book we can’t know.”
“This is not good,” Bell sighed.
“No,” Dad agreed.
“Are you suggesting that we travel to Chinerthia and somehow steal the Book?” Lucas asked. 
“It would be your only option.”
“You are crazy.”
“Some have said that,” Dr. Fozz agreed. “The other option is to guard the portal, I assume it is not well known.”
“Only we four know of it,” Dad agreed.
“But Btolomy said that the portal may grow and be detected by magicians, we could not defend it forever,” Bell said.
“Then we have to go for the Book,” Dylan said.
“A brave young man you have there.”
Connor James ran his hands through his hair.
“We’ll need to talk to your Grandparents, ask them to look after you.”
“No. I want to come.”
“It will be very dangerous, Dylan of the Shed,” Bell put a hand on his shoulder.
“Wait, we are not in all seriousness going to try and steal the Book?” Lucas couldn’t believe it.
“What choice do we have?”
“If the Guardian opened the portal maybe he can close it again.”
“It could work,” Dr. Fozz said leaning forward again, “but it would be very difficult to make him stop believing in something he knows to be true.”
“So it’s settled then,” Dad said. “You have to go to your Grandparents.”
“No!”
“I’m afraid it would be wiser to take him with you. He is the one who opened this portal, maybe you’ll need him to open another.”
“I can’t take that risk,” Connor said.
“But we can’t risk going all that way and not being able to open it,” Bell said, “Maybe this is why the Black Queen has not opened a portal, because she can’t.”
“I will look after him,” Lucas said.
“I know you can, but…” Dad started, but Dr. Fozz had gotten up and was looking for a book.
“Ahh, here it is,” he took one down, blew the dust off it and flicked through. “Here we are, ‘Binding Pledges’.
“Do you Lucas, what’s your title?”
“Guardsman of the Mountain City.”
“Do you Lucas, Guardsman of the Mountain City, Pledge an Oath on the Righteous to protect this boy?”
Lucas stood and held one hand on his heart and one on his forehead. “I do.”
“Then you are now Lucas, Protector of the Guardian.”
“It is so,” Lucas said and sat back down.
“I don’t really understand,” Dad said.
“It means he’s going to keep me safe.”
“Well, yeah, I get that.”
“That was a Binding Pledge, Lucas can do no less than protect your son with his life, he is now Lucas’ number one priority in all things,” Bell explained.
“Then we should go and prepare. Plan. I can’t even start to think how we are going to do this. Thank you, Dr. Fozz,” Dad stood and the others did too.
“My pleasure, I can’t believe I have met two Outworlders.”
“You should come with us.”
“Thank you, Dylan, but I am too old now for such adventures, you will have to come back and tell me all about it.”
“I will,” Dylan smiled and Dr. Fozz smiled back.
“I wouldn’t speak so surely.”
%%%
They were mostly quiet on the journey home; they had much to think about, but even then Connor noticed how much closer Lucas now stuck to Dylan; how he sat next to him on the train with Dylan between himself and the window. Protecting him.
And Bell was lost in thought, something bothering him as he get fidgeting. Of course, the scale of their plan would be enough, but Connor thought it was something else. As for him, well, what the hell was he doing?
%%%
The next morning they showered, packed and ate breakfast. They didn’t pack much, they couldn’t take their Earthen clothes, nothing that might give away where they were from, but Dad packed a few things to give them the advantage in the Four Worlds.
“I will miss the coffee here,” Bell said.
“And the tomato sauce, I wonder if I can make it back home?” Lucas wondered.
 And then they stood in front of the shed.
“So here we are,” said Dad. None of them felt very happy about the adventure ahead.
“You will come back here, Connor of the Shed,” Bell said quietly.
“I hope so,” Dad said sadly and for the first time the seriousness of the situation hit Dylan. 
His Dad didn’t seem so sure they would. He didn’t want to go and not come back. Though he didn’t know why, there wasn’t much here for him. And perhaps it wouldn’t be as bad as they thought, maybe the Black Queen would never know, maybe they would get in and out like the TV shows he watched. But he didn’t feel as brave as his heroes.
“If we are going to do this then we must go and do this,” Lucas said.
“Yes, you’re right,” Dad said. “Let’s go.”
And so they walked through the portal and into the sharp end of a sword.

CHAPTER V

“What is this?” the man holding the sword asked. Dylan couldn’t see his face as it was hidden in the shadows of his cloak. The cloak itself seemed to change from black to dark and then light green as if with the patterns of the leaves and it hurt his eyes to look at it.
“Who are you?” Bell asked.
“You are in no position to ask questions.”
“It is three and a half against one,” Lucas said. “And I have a big axe.”
“And you wouldn’t have time to draw it,” the man said. “Now again, where did you come from?”
“Sir,” Dad said, “It is not your concern, we have done you no wrong.”
“That is for me to decide.”
“I’m afraid it isn’t,” Dad said. “We have to go.”
“This is a portal.” the man said.
“He said it was not your concern,” Lucas said boldly and moved slightly to be in front of Dylan.
“Where does the portal go?” the man asked strongly.
“To Earth,” Dylan said.
“Dylan,” his Dad cried.
“What? He’s the Shadow Ranger.”
“He’s the what?” Bell asked.
“The Shadow Ranger. The nice woman in the village told me about him.”
“Is this true?” Bell asked the man.
“That is not of your concern,” he replied.
“Then we are at an impasse,” Dad said.
“Not at all. Your boy has given me the information I needed.”
“But we will die before we let you pass through,” Bell said.
“That would be a waste of a Forest Ranger.”
“My clothes give me away,” Bell said.
“You are Bell.”
“How do you know me?”
“I know many things.”
“You are the Shadow Ranger, are you not?”
“Perhaps.”
“Then you are a good man,” Lucas said.
The man sheathed his sword in one fluid motion and then slowly pulled his hood back.
“I try to be,” he said. 
The Shadow Ranger had black hair down to his neck that curled a little. His face was tanned and clean-shaven. Dylan thought he looked like someone from the movies. Like a hero. “My name is Mattaeus.”
“I thought you were but a myth,” Bell said.
“It is better for me that way. Now explain.”
And so they did.
“Unbelievable,” Mattaeus, the Shadow Ranger, said.
“But very much true.”
“So what is your plan?”
“To steal the Book of Five Worlds,” Dylan said and the Shadow Ranger laughed. 
Dylan blushed and felt stupid.
“I am sorry, Guardian, I laugh not at you, but at your plan. Surely you don’t think you four can do such a thing?”
“We have little option else,” Bell said quietly.
“No, I see that.”
“We could use the help,” Dad said.
“That you could, but this is foolishness.”
“Then you propose a better plan?” Lucas asked.
“No. You are in deep water here, you cannot protect the portal, nor can you hide it from the Black Queen. There will be all out war to get control of such a portal; your world will be wiped out.”
“This is not your world?” Dylan asked.
“No, it is not, Guardian,” the Shadow Ranger said. “You will need to warn your people, but in doing so you may alert the Black Queen sooner.”
“Our people would have to throw off their shackles before they could protect the portal,” Lucas said.
“And that would definitely alert the Black Queen,” Mattaeus said.
“But it would be better that she comes to quell a rebellion than comes to find a portal,” Bell said.
“It would lessen the soldiers on Chinerthia too,” Dad said.
“Perhaps and perhaps,” Mattaeus said.
“It matters not,” Lucas said, “Since the Yokum Rebellion this world is ruled by the Black Queen.”
“True enough, you see how your quest gets bigger and bigger?”
Dad sighed. “It does, it does.”
“It is a complicated affair, reliant on timing above all. We must think. Have you consulted the Wizard Btolomy?”
“Yes, we have.”
“So you’ll help us?” Dylan asked eagerly.
“Why, Guardian, you cannot steal the Book and lead a rebellion,” and the Shadow Ranger winked at him.
%%%
And so they set off once again towards the village of Doomth, their number added by one.
“Here we are again,” said the Shadow Ranger.
“So it was you that helped save us from the brigands.”
“It was; I had been tracking them for awhile, taking them one by one.”
“Why?” asked Dylan.
“It is what I do, young Guardian.”
“Why?”
“He can tell you later, Dylan,” Dad said.
“Ok,” but it wasn’t. 
A real life hero. He wanted to know; with a real life hero with them maybe they had a chance.
They got many looks from the villagers, mainly directed at Mattaeus. They knew or thought they knew who he was and there was much whispering. But the five of them walked through and to Btolomy’s hut.
“Well, well, the Shadow Ranger in broad daylight,” Btolomy said.
“If one can call this hut broad daylight,” Mattaeus said.
“Yes, yes, very good, the gloom helps the concentration. So a quest must be at hand; what did you learn?”
Connor told the wizard all that they had learned from Dr. Fozz and what had been decided.
“Then you are set upon a Quest.”
“It appears so,” Bell said.
“Well then, the rites should be performed,” said Btolomy, “but first guidance.
“To help you on your way you should seek the Twin Magicians, very powerful they are.”
“Such powerful magicians would have been found by the Black Queen,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“Indeed, but either they are powerful enough to avoid detection or there is something else afoot.
“Either way, you should travel to Columbina, to the Mountain Forest of Nun to find them. They will be a great asset, if they will help you.”
“Then we will go,” Bell said.
“Good. And now the rites,” the Wizard Btolomy walked past them out of the hut and into the forest a little way and they followed.
“Shadow Ranger,” Bell asked, “you do not know us, why do you commit to such an impossible mission?”
“My secrets are my own, but I have committed my life to justice. If we fail then nothing has changed, but if we succeed then my Oath is complete.”
“Who did you swear to?”   
“Here we stand in the forests of Sylvae; amongst the nature that is the Mark of those from this World,” Btolomy stopped and said. “Ultimately your plan lives or dies with the protection of this soil and so the rite is performed here.
“Are you individuals?”
They all placed one hand to their heart, one to their forehead and answered yes, so Dylan did too.
“Yet you have banded together for a common goal?”
Again Dylan said yes because everyone else did.
“And do you Pledge yourselves not only to this goal, but to its Quest?”
Again everyone said yes.
“Do you give yourself Heart, Mind, Strength and Soul to this Quest?”
Again everyone agreed, though Dylan did not understand.
“Then I send you on a Quest. Dylan of the Shed, you are named Guardian of the Portal, do you accept this Quest to protect the portal?”
“I guess.”
“Do you?” Btolomy boomed.
“I do,” he said and could feel his Dad’s eyes on him.
“Connor of the Shed, you too have been named. Do you accept this Quest to protect the portal?”
His Dad looked at him and he looked back. “I do,” his Dad said still looking at him. 
“Then I send you and all that may follow you on this Quest; you are bound to it and by it. You are the Foreshadow of Balance and by that you shall be known,” then Btolomy bent over and put his hand to the ground. 
Dylan felt his insides shake and he thought he would throw up. It was weird, no one was touching, but he felt like they all were. He could feel Lucas, his Dad, Bell and the Shadow Ranger.
“It is done,” Btolomy said and the feeling passed though Dylan still felt a little sick.
They walked back to the village and sat on a circle of tree logs. Around them the villagers were going about their day’s business, but Dylan could feel their eyes on them.
“You will need help,” Btolomy said.
“You think?” Lucas asked sarcastically.
“Of course. You should visit the Twin Magicians as I have said. They are very powerful.”
“If they are so powerful the Black Queen would have felt and found them,” Mattaeus said again.
“True, but they have bound themselves from her in some way.”
They both looked at each other as if they were communicating, Dylan thought, with just their eyes. Was the Shadow Ranger trying to get the Wizard to say something more?
“Where is this forest?” Dad asked.
“The Mountain Forest is near the sea.”
“I know it,” said Bell.
“From there I would think you will need to free the True King, in order to secure Sylvae from attack.”
“That would be to warn the Black Queen, a world in rebellion,” Bell said.
“Indeed, but it would not happen until you are at least into the next world,” Mattaeus said. “By then she will have most likely caught scent of the portal anyway.”
“You’re not coming with us?” Dylan asked.
“Like I said, Guardian, you cannot steal the Book and lead a rebellion.”
“Can the people of Sylvae overthrow the Chinerthians?” Dad asked.
“With the True King freed, perhaps they would take heart. There are many soldiers still out there waiting for the time to rejoin him.”
“So it is decided,” Btolomy said. “You need to get to Capel and buy provisions and then push on to the Mountain Forest of Nun. Powerful magic you will need.”
%%%
And so the Foreshadow of Balance left the village and began their walk to the town of Capel. It wasn’t a long walk and there were paths cut into the forest. Not well cut until they got closer to the town where they became paths made for horses and carts.
By the time they got there it was late and they found an inn to stay in. Lucas apologized that they could not all stay at his house, but it was too small. Bell had a place out into the forest, again too small for all of them, but they all agreed it was OK.
Bell and Lucas went to their homes to pack what they thought they would need while Connor, Mattaeus and Dylan put things in their rooms and then sat down in a corner of the inn. Dad and Mattaeus had big, frothy beers while Dylan had to have water. The inn was made of wooden beams and stone. The stone walls were laid with wood, but the fireplace was bare stone. Everything seemed to be made of wood, even the cups. Dylan had never seen anything like it outside of a book. Inside though, it was pretty cosy, if a little gloomy.
“So what is it you do exactly?” Dad asked Mattaeus who looked around.
Sure that no one was close enough to hear, Mattaeus explained. 
“I was born a Chinerthian, or at least half of one. I grew up there, but my mother, she was from Sophoi and her Grandfather was from here; so you can see how I could not stay with the Chinerthians.”
“No, not really. Where is Sophoi?”
“Right, you are,” he looked around again, “Outworlders. Well maybe there should be a special name for you. Anyway, the Mark of Sophoi is wisdom and philosophy.
“Has anyone explained the Marks? And the Balances?”
“Bell sort of did.”
“OK, so the Sophoi Mark is wisdom, the Sylvae is nature, Hokino is magic and Chinerthia is war. From wisdom and philosophy comes peace and peace is opposite to war, but linked to magic. Magic and nature are linked as are war and technology. Nature and technology are opposite and so on.”
“So each planet’s Mark is either linked or opposite to the planet’s next to it?”
“Yes, that is the Balance. Or it was, I suppose,” Mattaeus shrugged and drank the rest of his beer.
Dylan had tried to follow everything he said, but it was confusing thinking of planets and Marks when a few days ago he’d been thinking of Maths homework and a short story for English. And having to be in the Christmas play.
CHAPTER VI 

And then Lucas and Bell walked in together, ordering drinks as they walked across to the table. The few people in the inn greeted them and Bell stopped to chat briefly with one man.
“How do we go?” asked Lucas.
“It is well,” answered Mattaeus.
“And shall be better with a few ales,” Lucas said eagerly as he sat, keeping himself between the room and Dylan who was now against the wall.
“And a good pie,” Bell added pulling up a chair.
The serving girl came with four beers and a cup of warmed milk.
“Thought it’d be better than water,” she said and winked at Dylan.
They talked about where they needed to go and the best ways of getting there. They ate big, meat filled pies which were delicious and decided it was best to get an early night and start early in the morning. 
%%%
That next morning came and Dylan found himself lying on the hard bed. He had been too tired to notice last night and had slept well, but now he could feel all the bumps and humps. He also realised that there would be no shower; maybe just wash from a bowl like they had done once when they went camping. Already he missed the comforts of home. 
Home. 
He felt a little sad and sick thinking about it and when he might be back there. He’d spent so many hours dreaming and wishing he could escape and now that he had he just wanted to get back there. 
He heard his Dad get up, dress and walk out. Last night the Shadow Ranger had told him that they would need to get hot water from downstairs and when he got back Dylan saw that it was indeed a bowl to wash from. Thankfully his Dad had packed a few bars of soap.
Once they were washed and dressed they went downstairs to find Mattaeus, Lucas and Bell already up and eating. They joined them for bacon and eggs. Same as at home and Dylan felt sad again.
“By thunder, this bacon needs sauce,” Lucas grumbled. 
Bell laughed. “A Fifth Worlder already, Lucas.”
“What is this ‘sauce’?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“It is divine, made from tomatoes, ahh, I feel sad just thinking of it.”
They ate in silence and then left. Bell had already asked around for horses, but there were none for sale so they set out on foot once again until, not too far out of town, a man with a horse and cart gave them a lift and set them down some way away. From there they would need to cross the forest to reach the Mountain Forest of Nun.
“Isn’t there an easier way?” Dylan asked.
“There is,” said Bell, “but it is much, much longer.”
Dylan sighed.
So they trampled through the woods, sometimes there were paths, sometime just hunter’s paths and sometimes no path at all. And soon they were deep in the forest, only a little light was filtering through the trees and it was chilly. 
Everywhere there was noise and Dylan felt a little scared. He was used to noise, but the noise of cars and people, not the noise of trees and unseen animals and birds. What if they met another Lien? Or something worse?
“What lives in the forest?” he asked.
“All kinds of things,” Mattaeus answered. “I bet Bell knows better than I, being a Ranger.”
“But you’re the Shadow Ranger.”
Mattaeus laughed. 
“Different kind. To range means to walk all over, so a Ranger is someone who walks all over. Bell is a Forest Ranger and that means he walks all over the forest like a guard. Protecting it and the people and animals that live here.”
“Cool,” Dylan said and walked ahead to Bell all the while with Lucas close at hand.
“What really does live here?” Connor asked the Shadow Ranger.
“Who really knows? These forests stretch for miles, I’m sure there are parts even Bell does not know.”
“Dangerous things?”
Mattaeus laughed. “Yes, but let us hope you do not have to learn of them.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
An hour later Connor of the Shed had to learn of one.
“Are we lost?” asked Lucas.
“Not exactly,” Bell replied scanning the trees.
“But you don’t know exactly where we are.”
“No. This is the Wild Woods, it’s between the Forest of Capel and the Forest of Nun, so we are on the right path.”
“I wish there was a path,” Dylan moaned.
“By the shadows I would say it is that way,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I agree,” Bell agreed, “but the underbrush seems to grow thicker that way, perhaps we can go around it this way.”
“As you say,” Mattaeus replied.
They moved on slowly, but Bell stopped quickly.
“What is it?” Dad asked.
“Shh.”
They stood and listened, but Dylan couldn’t really hear anything. They moved on slowly and then Dylan realized he couldn’t hear anything; the forest had gone silent. They walked into a large clearing and the sun felt good on his face, warming his body. Bell once again stopped and they all listened and then he could hear something, a low rumbling noise that grew louder. Bell drew his sword and Mattaeus and Lucas did the same. 
And then it came out of the trees, it looked like a man, but it was taller than anyone Dylan had ever seen, it must have been more than twice his Dad’s height and its body was a mix of greens and browns. It had two eyes on its face, two at the top of its forehead and one on its chin and it held a tree trunk like a club.
“Stay back, Guardians,” the Shadow Ranger shouted and they moved back into the trees.
The thing bellowed and swung its club, but the three men ducked and rolled away. There was not much room in the clearing and they tried to circle the beast.
Dylan stood behind his Father, who had his sword drawn, and was terrified. 
Until he heard someone call his name. 
He looked around, but there was no one there and then he heard it again. It sounded like a woman; she called for him to come to her. 
He tugged at his Dad, but his Dad didn’t move. The voice called again and oh, he wanted to go to it. He knew he shouldn’t leave his Dad, but he found that he was already walking towards the voice. It got closer and she knew who he was; it was his Mother. He could feel tears running down his cheeks, he was so happy, he couldn’t believe it. Yes, this was a better place; this must have been what his Dad was talking about. He walked quicker, pushing branches out of the way. The voice kept calling and it was so sweet. He wanted to be there with his Mother and then there she was, just a few metres in front of him, standing behind a bush.
“Here I am, come to me,” she said.
He took a step forward.
%%%
The Shadow Ranger had managed to get behind the beast, but it kicked out every time he got close, still swinging its club at Bell and Lucas. Then Bell rolled under the club swing, up to his knees and sliced at the thing’s leg. It screamed in pain and swiped Bell away with a huge hand. He flew and fell into the bushes, but it was enough time for the Shadow Ranger to run in and slice at the beasts back.
%%%
Dylan stopped. Something was wrong.
“Come to me, my son,” she said again.
Was she naked? It was hard to see in the swaying light, but he thought so. Why would she be naked? 
But he still took another step forward.
“Yes,” she said.
But he felt a little sick in his stomach, felt a little scared of her.
“No,” she said, “don’t be scared,” and she smiled and he took another step closer.
%%%
The beast spun and swung at the Shadow Ranger who leapt out of the way. It was too much for the beast’s wounded leg and it fell to one knee. Lucas charged, his axe held high.
%%%
Dylan took another step, that smile was so nice. Oh, his Mother at last. How he had dreamt of this day and with another step closer his fear left him and he was ready to run into her arms when his Dad broke out of the trees and pushed him to one side.
“I see your feet,” his Dad screamed and his Mum looked at his Dad then back at him and then she seemed to change, for a moment her face looked like a deer and then like a woman, blurring in and out and then it turned and ran into the bushes, falling onto all fours.
“No,” screamed Dylan, but she was gone. He looked at his Dad, tears running down his face. “Why did you do that? That was Mum.”
“No, it wasn’t,” his Dad said coming over to him. He tried to hug him, but Dylan pushed him away. “It was a Deer Woman.”
“A what?” he calmed down a bit.
“I’ve only read about them, but they have feet like deer and they pretend to be women to get men to come to them.”
“Why?”
“So they can trample them to death.”
“That’s horrible.”
“It is, but when you see their feet the spell is broken.”
Dylan nodded slowly, it was all so weird.
%%%
“Stop,” shouted Bell and Lucas stopped with his axe held above the beasts back. It still knelt on one knee, but was breathing hard and bleeding.
“Chuntik, you are beaten. If you choose to continue to fight we will have to kill you,” Bell said loudly to the beast. “If you choose to go and leave us in peace we will let you. You need time to heal.”
“Mercy, human?” the chuntik said slowly. “This is a strange turn of events.”
“It is your choice, we have no wish to kill the forest dwellers unless needs must.”
The chuntik got slowly to its feet, groaning as it did. It looked around at the three men.
“Thank you, humans,” it simply said and lumbered back into the forest and was out of sight as Connor and Dylan came back.
“Where have you been?” Lucas asked Dylan.
“Just hiding out the way,” he lied. “Where’s the beast? Did you kill it?”
“No, Bell granted it mercy,” the Shadow Ranger said and then laughed. “I think not that anyone has ever treated it that way.”
“It did seem confused,” Lucas added.
“Well we should move on, do you not think?”
“Yes, the day is shortening,” Mattaeus agreed and they pushed on again into the forest.
%%%
After what seemed like hours to Dylan they could see the grey mountains rising above the forest. They looked scary, cold and dead.
“We are close,” said Bell.
“How do you know?” Dylan asked.
“I feel a change in the forest.”
“I feel it too,” the Shadow Ranger agreed.
“I feel the need for a good ale,” Lucas grumbled.
“Perhaps these magicians will have a potion for you to drink,” Mattaeus grinned and slapped him on the back as they walked on.
And then they came to another clearing, this one bigger and having a bungalow in the centre. Smoke lazily drifted out of the small chimney above a thatched roof and beyond that the mountains loomed large. The Foreshadow of Balance stopped.
“We must be careful,” Mattaeus said, “We know nothing of these magicians nor their power.”
They walked slowly towards the house, but saw no one and nothing happened until they were close. Then the door opened and a woman stood at the doorway. Dylan thought she looked very pretty; she had long golden hair and was as tall as his Dad. She wore a light, white dress with uncovered shoulders. The Foreshadow stopped.
“Who is to come forward and greet me?” the woman asked with a small smile.

CHAPTER VII

The four men looked at each other and the floor. Were they embarrassed or scared to talk to her, Dylan wondered. She seemed nice enough so he pushed through them and stepped forward. 
“I am Dylan of the Shed, how do we go?” he said as Lucas stepped forward and put one hand on his shoulder and one on the handle of his axe.
“Pleased to meet you Dylan of the Shed, it is well,” she replied with a tender smile. “And this is your Protector.”
“Lucas, Protector of the Guardian,” Lucas said, “How do we go, Magician?”
“It is well, Protector.”
“I am the boy’s Father, Connor of the Shed,” his Dad stepped forward.
“You are supposed to say, ‘how do we go?’” she said and laughed a little. 
His Dad blushed.
“Right, yes, sorry. How do we go?”
“It is well, Outworlder.”
“How do you know?” Bell said and then stopped and took a step forward.
“Our magic is not all diminished, Forest Ranger. Will you not step forward and greet me?”
Bell stepped up to the others. “How do we go, Magician?”
“It is well. But who is this last of your party?” she closed her eyes and Dylan thought she was concentrating hard. He looked over at Mattaeus and it seemed as if there was a mist covering his body. He looked back as the woman opened her eyes.
“You will not find my secrets so easily, my lady,” Mattaeus said.
“Then you can only be one person,” she said. “I am Kaitlin, Shadow Ranger, how do we go?”
“It is well, Magician.”
“Then come into our home and rest, you look tired,” she said, but no one moved. She laughed. “Are you afraid?”
“We are told you are powerful Magicians,” Bell admitted.
“But we have fine ale,” she winked at Lucas.
“That is settled then, I for one need a sit down.”
“Same here,” Dylan said and the woman laughed. 
Really he didn’t know why the men all seemed scared, she seemed so nice. He took a few steps forward and then remembered the Deer Woman and stopped.
“I am not like that, Guardian,” the woman said and Dylan marveled how she knew.
“Come on,” said Lucas, “we are here for business,” and that seemed to agree it and they all walked towards the house.
%%%
It was amazing inside, it seemed so much bigger than on the outside and then Dylan remembered that these were Magicians and maybe they could do things like that. They sat in an airy living room on padded chairs and sofas, they seemed to Dylan like the ones at home, but he could see they were made from things in the forest.
“Oh, that’s better,” Lucas said as he sat down on the sofa with Dylan between him and his Dad.
Mattaeus stood by the door. “Where is your sister?” he asked.
“I will get her along with the refreshments,” Kaitlin said and left the room.
“You do not trust us, Shadow Ranger?” asked a woman from the door next to Mattaeus. He jumped and put his hand to his sword. “You will not need that,” she smiled.
To Dylan she looked just like Kaitlin, but where she had blonde hair and blue eyes, this woman had dark brown hair and brown eyes and wore a dark green dress. Dylan thought she was just as pretty.
The woman walked into the room as Kaitlin entered by another door.
“Here is my sister, Alura.”
“How do we go, Foreshadow?” Alura asked.
“It is well,” everyone answered.
“So we are well met,” Kaitlin said as she set down a tray of ales and what looked like biscuits. Dylan couldn’t help but take one, he was so hungry.
“We need your help,” his Dad said.
“Connor,” Bell warned.
“We are here for their help, we have to tell them,” Connor replied.
“Very well,” Bell said and his Dad started to explain their situation.
“An interesting turn of affairs, but we cannot help you,” Alura said.
“So that is it?” Bell asked.
“I’m sorry,” Alura said.
“We could,” Kaitlin said.
“No.”
“But they could do it.”
“It is a great risk to put upon the shoulders of strangers.”
“What is it already?” Lucas asked.
“No,” Alura said again.
“You said your magic is not all diminished,” Bell said.
“See?” Kaitlin asked her sister. “They are not so unwise.”
Alura sighed. “There is a dragon in the mountain; he keeps us here, draining our magic for his own sake.”
“A dragon?” Dylan asked excitedly.
“Do not be so eager, young Outworlder,” Alura said.
“He uses our magic to hide himself, elongate his own life as well no doubt,” Kaitlin explained.
“Then why not just leave?” Connor of the Shed asked.
“Dragons can have powerful magic, he had enough to keep us here and now that he drains ours he is more than powerful enough.”
“So we defeat the dragon and then you will help us,” Mattaeus stated.
“It is the only way, Shadow Ranger,” Alura said.
“But do you believe in our Quest?” Dylan asked. This was all just words to him.
“We do, young Guardian,” Kaitlin smiled at him. “We are Magicians; we are bound to the Balance.”
Mattaeus snorted. “Not all Magicians are.”
The Twin Sisters both looked sad and Dylan saw that even the Shadow Ranger blushed.
“Forgive me,” Mattaeus said.
“There is nothing to forgive, Shadow Ranger,” Alura said, “you are correct. Many have foregone the Pledge.”
“So we go and kill this dragon and then you will help us?” Lucas asked.
“Basically, yes,” Alura said.
“Basically?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“Well,” said Kaitlin, “it would be foolhardy for you all to go, we could only give you so much magical protection.”
“Yes, only one who already has magical protection could get to the dragon undetected,” both sisters looked at the Shadow Ranger.
“A fine day this is turning out to be,” Mattaeus sighed.
“I do not need magical protection I have all the protection I need,” Lucas said and patted the handle of his axe.
“But you are now a Protector yourself, Lucas,” Kaitlin said gently.
“I forget myself,” Lucas apologized. “It is true we cannot take the Guardians to fight a dragon.” 
“I agree,” Mattaeus said. 
“There has to be another way,” Connor said.
“Yes, we cannot let…”
“Enough,” the Shadow Ranger interrupted. “We pledged an Oath to this Quest, no one said it would be easy, or how we wanted it to be.
“Well, this is how it is and so this is how it is.”
“You are right, Shadow Ranger,” Alura said. “The rest of you need to go to Columbina Port and find the Pirate d’Gaz to take you across the sea.”
“A pirate? You fool us,” Bell said standing.
“Please be settled,” Kaitlin said. “You will not find d’Gaz to be all that the stories make out.”
“That is a long promise, Magician,” Lucas said. “Even I know this name and the bloodthirsty stories that go hand in hand.”
“Find a freighter and lose an ally,” was all Alura said.
“We need all the allies we can get and we have no other choice but to trust the Magicians,” Mattaeus said.
“Then let’s go before I lose my nerve,” Connor said and squeezed his son.
“You have already shown much nerve, Connor of the Shed,” Kaitlin smiled and Dylan looked up to see his Father blush.
The two sisters quickly gathered together some provisions for the caves and they all walked outside. Dylan couldn’t help but look backwards at the bungalow; it was definitely smaller on the outside than the inside. He forgot all about the Quest in his marvel at the ways of magic.
“How do you get to be a magician?” he asked Kaitlin.
“You are born with it,” to Dylan’s disappointment; he wanted to be a magician; that would show Brandon Cole and his bully friends.
“But you have to study it too,” Kaitlin said. “Who knows what magic might be within you?”
“You think?”
“You opened a Portal, I know of no other who has done this.”
“Yeah,” he smiled. “That’s right.”
“Do not wish for things, you are a Guardian already and this is a most important task,” and then she bent down and hugged him. It felt so good; it brought back so many feelings, feelings of being safe. And loved. His Mum. Tears trickled down his cheek.
The Magician Kaitlin stood and used the hem of her dress to wipe away his tears; then she looked up and it was her turn to blush. Dylan looked and saw his Dad looking, but then he blushed too and looked away into the Forest.
“Bell, you know where you are going,” the Shadow Ranger said, “We will meet up with you again at Columbina Port or failing that wait for us across the sea.”
“I hate to see you go into the mountain alone,” Bell said.
“Maybe I can help with that,” a voice said and they all looked to the edge of the clearing.
There stood another woman, but she seemed to glow with a faint green light, an aura. She didn’t have any clothes on; instead she was wrapped in vines and leaves. Dylan thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, her hair was the colour of Autumn leaves and her eyes were a very light green. Just standing there he felt peace. The forest seemed to feel it too as it was again silent. A few leaves swirled around her feet and a squirrel sat there happily munching on an acorn.
Bell fell to his knees.
“My Princess,” he said. “My eyes deceive me. Lucas, wake me from this dream.”
The woman laughed and the trees of the forest swayed with it.
“Arise, Bell, Defender of the Forest Way.”
Bell slowly got to his feet.
“For now I will help you, shield you from the dragon so that the Shadow Ranger might not go alone, but you will need to find me again before you leave this world. We have yet to finish.”
“Princess, will you not also help my companion?”
“That I cannot do,” she said. “The Shadow Ranger is already protected by power more than mine, but I understand not why.”
“Do not provoke me, Princess,” Mattaeus said seriously.
“Do not speak to the Princess that way,” Bell commanded him and put a hand to his sword, but she laughed.
“Oh, Arturo, ever the same,” she said.
“Do not invoke that name,” the Shadow Ranger warned dangerously and the forest suddenly shook violently, the trees seeming to bend down towards the Shadow Ranger.
“This is not the time,” Connor spoke up and then stepped back. “I’m sorry.”
“Do not apologise, Guardian, you are right,” the forest calmed and she smiled, “I am here to help the Protector of the Forest Way and to help you, Shadow Ranger.”
“What are we to do, Princess?” Kaitlin asked humbly.
“The same as you thought. Your magic is connected to the dragon; it will help to shield the two who seek it.”
“Very well, Princess.”
“Again, Bell, we are not finished, you must find me again.”
“How will I do that, Princess?”
“You will, Defender, you will. And as for you Shadow Ranger, your mercy is your undoing, but it is also the redemption of yourself and others. May the Righteous hold his right hand over you and his left at bay.”
And then she was gone. Dylan blinked and rubbed his eyes. She was there and then she wasn’t. He had understood just about nothing of what had happened and when he looked at his Dad he realised he hadn’t either. His Dad looked pale.
“What by thunder has just happened?” Lucas demanded. “Myth and life side by side? If Nargel call me below now I know not that I believe it.”
And then he stood with Mattaeus’ sword at his throat.
“Do not call upon such things, Protector, you know not what you say,” he rasped.
“What are you doing?” cried Bell.
“Don’t fight,” Dylan shouted and the Shadow Ranger looked at him and then back at Lucas. Then he sheathed his sword.
“My apologies, Lucas, I am frayed.”
“None taken, Shadow Ranger, you are more than I can understand,” Lucas felt his throat and then shook his head. “Talks to myths as if they are his friends,” he shrugged at Dylan.
“Then we go, you and I, Forest Ranger,” Mattaeus said.
“Aye,” replied Bell.
“Nothing changes, you wait for us at the port or across the sea,” Mattaeus told the rest of the Foreshadow.
“How will we know how long to wait?” Dad asked.
“The Quest will carry you, Guardian,” he said and shook Dad’s hand. Then he bent over and hugged Dylan. “Be safe, stray not from Lucas and your Father, they are brave men and will protect you.”
“Come back soon,” Dylan said.
“I have no intention of leaving you in the care of Lucas too long,” Bell said and smiled.
“Hey there,” Lucas protested, but Bell walked up and gave him a hug.
“We will reunite soon, my friend.”
“Well we better,” Lucas said and Dylan thought he saw a tear in the big man’s eye.
And with that Mattaeus and Bell disappeared into the forest. 

CHAPTER VIII

The rest of them reentered the house where all the men sat down heavily.
“I need to go back outside,” Connor suddenly said and left.
“I will go,” Kaitlin said and also left.
“I too don’t feel well,” said Lucas. “Seeing one of the Six Princesses, is it even true?”
“It is true,” Alura said. “Though I too cannot believe it. It is a mighty Quest that you have chosen.”
Dylan didn’t feel sick. He felt a wonderful calm feeling, he felt happier than he had since they left, though he didn’t know why. He thought of the Princess again and that calm, happy feeling surged through him. She was good, he thought, she was Right.
%%%
Connor of the Shed, Guardian of the Portal stood up having been sick at the edge of the clearing.
“Oh, you,” he said seeing Kaitlin and he was embarrassed.
“It’s OK, Connor of the Shed, such a reaction is normal, especially for an Outworlder.”
“You know of this Princess?”
“Yes and no. They are considered myths.”
“Lots of things here are considered myths in my world.”
“I can only imagine. Let us rinse you,” and she took his hand and led him to a trough of rainwater. There she scooped up water in her hands and rubbed it across his face.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “You shouldn’t.”
“Yet I do,” she replied.
%%%
“I need ale,” Lucas said.
“It is in the kitchen,” Alura answered.
“You do not help me?”
“I am not my sister,” she replied.
“Very well,” and he went out.
When he returned Connor and Kaitlin were back and Dylan felt weird about it, was it jealousy? Why was she looking after his Dad? She wasn’t his Mum. And he thought back to the Deer Woman, how he wished that had been his Mum. How he wished she were here to explain everything to him. It was all too much and he wanted to go home. Or to that green woman, the Princess. He couldn’t cry here, he couldn’t.
“I’m going outside,” he said.
“Are you all right?” his Dad asked.
“Yeah, I just need to think.”
“It’s pretty confusing, isn’t it?”
“It’s not like the books.”
“No, it isn’t,” his Dad said and gave a weak smile.
“I will come with you,” Lucas said and stood.
“No. I need a little time to sit,” Dylan insisted.
“He will be well, we can sense danger here,” Alura said.
“Thank you, Magician,” Lucas said and sat, taking a gulp of his ale.
Dylan walked outside and looked around. It was getting darker and he guessed they would have to sleep at the Magician’s house. That was OK; he thought there was probably lots of room.
He walked around the bungalow, the chimney still lazily giving off smoke. He tried to think of everything he had seen and done, but it made his brain hurt to try and understand it all. And then he saw the old man. 
He was sitting on a tree stump at the edge of the forest. Dylan could see that he had a big white beard like Father Christmas and was smoking a long pipe. The smoke came out in rings. 
“It’s all very confusing, isn’t it?” the old man said around his pipe.
“It is, Sir,” Dylan said.
“Want to come and talk about it?”
Dylan started forward and then thought of the Deer Woman again.
“Oh, I’m not one of those,” the old man said and showed Dylan his feet. He had short legs and Dylan walked over to him.
“Life is never easy is it?”
“No, it’s not,” Dylan replied.
“No, I agree,” the old man said and three new smoke rings came out of his pipe. “I expect you want to go home now, despite the bullies.”
“How do you know about them?”
“Oh, you know,” the old man waved his pipe in the air.
“Who are you?”
“Just a man who knows what it is like to feel lonely, young Guardian. My, what a big responsibility on such small shoulders.”
“I’m just here because I have to be.”
“That’s where you are wrong, my young friend. You are more important that you think. You must look after the Foreshadow.”
“No, you’re wrong, they are looking after me.”
The old man shrugged. “It goes both ways.”
“How am I supposed to look after them?”
“Well maybe this will help,” the old man said and took a short sword from beneath his cloak. He held it out to Dylan and, without thinking, he took it.
“What will I tell my Dad? I can’t even use a sword!”
“None of your companions will notice and as for your skill, I think you will find the blade will help you with that.
“Take this also,” and the old man took a belt and scabbard out of his clothes.
Dylan took them and tried them on. They were a perfect fit and the sword was a good length and weight for him.
“How is this?”
“Things are strange to you here,” the old man said and winked.
“That’s not very helpful.”
“No, no it is not, is it?”
“I still don’t understand how I can protect the others.”
“All in good time, young Guardian, all in good time,” he took another puff of his pipe. “You will be helped no doubt, but do not lose hope, you are the key.”
“Now I really don’t understand. Who are you?”
“Dylan?” Lucas shouted from the front of the bungalow.
“You should be going,” the old man said.
“But…”
“Dylan? By thunder!”
“I’m coming,” Dylan shouted and turned and ran. Then he thought again and turned, but the old man had gone. On the tree trunk sat a Lien; it looked at Dylan, straight in the eyes and then turned and jumped into the forest.
Dylan turned and ran around the house and ran straight into Lucas who grabbed him and lifted him into the sky before setting him down.
“Where have you been?”
“Just thinking,” Dylan said.
“Let us go in, there is food and sleep to be had, Guardian.”
“OK, Lucas,” he never noticed Dylan’s sword.
%%%
They slept the night there and each had their own room. Dylan suspected that the twins had used magic to make their small bungalow bigger again. The bed was comfy, just like his one at home and it was hard for him to get up early in the morning when his Dad knocked on the door.
They sat and ate a large cooked breakfast, it didn’t seem to matter how much Lucas ate, it just kept coming.
“Needs tomato sauce,” he said through a mouthful and Kaitlin laughed.
“Even I don’t have the magic to conjure that,” she smiled.
And then the three of them walked back into the woods with careful instructions from the Twin Magicians who then went back into their house and sat next to each other, held hands and started channeling their magic. 
%%%
Bell and the Shadow Ranger had walked long into the evening and then slept. They set off early the next morning for the caves at the foot of the mountains.
“So here we are,” Bell said.
“It appears so.”
“So the Princess…”
“Don’t even ask; I will not speak on such things however much you pry.”
“It is fair.”
“But of you? Defender of the Forest Way? You swore an Oath?”
“My secrets are also my own,” Bell said and looked at the cave a climb above them. “If we survive this cursed cave, perhaps I will share with you.”
“Then let us be on with our mission.”
They climbed up and over the rocks until they reached the mouth of the cave.
“How far in do you think we will have to go?” Bell asked.
“I have no idea, but normally it is not far as the dragons need large tunnels to get in and out,” they sat down and ate some of their provisions and prepared rope and two torches.
“I hate caves,” Bell said as they entered.
%%%
By the time they entered the caves Lucas, Connor and Dylan were coming out of the forest and onto a wide road. Already there were horse and carts trundling up and down it. 
“This is the main road down to the port,” Lucas explained. “It is forever busy with people travelling to buy and sell.”
“You know the port,” Connor said.
“No, not really. I have been only a few times and not for a long time now.”
“You sound sad,” Dylan said.
“Hmm. Perhaps I have been too long in the forest,” was all Lucas replied.
They walked along the road keeping out of the way of the traffic. It was weird, having been in the forest for so long, to see people and animals. People who had no idea what the three of them were doing. Just going about their normal lives while here Dylan was walking to find a pirate in order to start a rebellion. 
What would these people think if they knew? If they knew that two of the people they passed were not just Outworlders, but from the Fifth World. It made Dylan wonder how many people he had walked past in the street or at the shops back on Earth who were actually on some kind of Quest. How many people in the street had weird and interesting stories about how they got there? 
Finally a man with an empty cart offered them a lift into the Port and they climbed on.
%%%
The cave they entered branched off into three and they stopped. There was still some light reaching them from the cave mouth and here there was a hole in the wall that went through to outside.
“Now where?” Bell asked, but the Shadow Ranger just shut his eyes.
“Can you feel them?”
Bell closed his own eyes and, yes, he could feel something, a connection to the Twin Magicians. They were connected to the dragon and he felt they were trying to guide them to it. 
“I feel left,” Bell said at last.
“I agree,” Mattaeus agreed and they walked into the darkest cave. 
After a while the light began to fade.
“We should light the torches,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I don’t think we need to,” Bell said. “My eyes seem to be getting better in the dark.”
Mattaeus looked around and, yes, he might be right, he could still see the walls and the ceiling. Slowly he walked further into the darkness.
“You’re right. Can you see that spider on the ceiling?” 
“I can,” replied Bell, “I don’t want to, but I can.”
“This must be the doing of your Princess, she said she would help.”
“It will make our job easier, for sure.”
“I wonder how the others fare without such magical help?”
“Lucas will look after them and Connor of the Shed is a wise and upstanding man,” Bell told him as they continued to walk.
“And can you believe any of this is happening? Or the things we are trying to achieve?”
“Sometimes, no; one minute I was tending to my vegetable patch and the next Lucas was pulling me through the forest and into the Fifth World.”
Mattaeus laughed. “I cannot imagine you gardening, Forest Ranger.”
“Huh. It is but a small patch outside my house.”
“Do not be offended at my jest; I too would like a vegetable patch, a home to call my own.”
“You have not a home?” Bell asked, but there was a noise ahead of them and they stopped, silently listening.
It sounded like footfalls, but there seemed to be a clicking and scraping too. They drew their swords.
%%%
As they did so, Dylan, Lucas and Connor were just arriving at the port after a long and bumpy ride. Dad sat up front and talked to the driver, pretending he was from the village of Doomth and had never been away this far. The farmer was happy to tell Dad all he wanted to know and at length too. Dylan sat in the back with Lucas, but they did not talk too much. Lucas tried to tell him all that he knew about the Port of Columbina, but it was not a lot. Instead Dylan asked him about life as a Guardsman and the Mountain City, but Lucas wasn’t much of a storyteller and Dylan finally drifted to sleep.
For Lucas himself, he watched the trees go by and thought back to his old life, of being a Guardsman. They were good days, happy days. There wasn’t a lot of war on Sylvae and so there was not much to do as a Guardsman. He helped people more than protected them. 
Of course, that was until after the Yokum Rebellion. Until then the country of Thalm was of little interest to the Chinerthians, it was mostly just dense forests, but after the Rebellion soldiers had come to take the ports. The Thalmians were not going to let that happen easily and many lost their lives fighting. They were not fighters, the Thalmians. Ultimately the leaders of the resistance, the CunoThalms, had fled to the Mountain City and so the Siege of Tahoma turned into the Battle of Tahoma and the Mountain City was no more.
Lucas shivered at the memories; he had fought long and hard, but they were too weak from the siege, there were too many civilians and not enough fighters. He had escaped with the last CunoThalm, but he had died in the woods and Lucas had walked for days. He knew not where, maybe in circles, until one day he found himself in Capel. He had managed to take his money from the Mountain City, and bought a small house. The rest was a quiet history. 
Until he went chasing a pig for his lunch and fell through a portal. By thunder! What strange events.
And here they are now, coming into Port Columbina, the furthest Lucas had been since fleeing Tahoma.
Dylan was awake and watching the Ruling Guards stopping carts coming in and out. They wore red and black uniforms and had swords and spears. They didn’t stop his cart because it was empty and Dylan wondered what they were looking for.

CHAPTER IX

They peered into the dark, but the sound had stopped. Yes, they could see in the dark, but it wasn’t as bright as day and they could only see a couple of metres or so ahead. Beyond that distance something was out there. Or was it?
“Rats, maybe?” Bell asked.
“Maybe.”
They started walking again slowly. It was another hour before they heard a sound again, this time behind them. Again they stopped and scanned the darkness, trying to hear where the sound was coming from.
“It is not rats,” Mattaeus said.
“I hate caves.”
“I fear they are not fond of us either,” the Shadow Ranger said and suddenly a swarm of cat-sized bats flew over and around them. The two men ducked and covered their heads as the mighty beasts swooped over and away.
“I fear you are right,” Bell said as he slowly stood. 
“I can only assume the day is drawing to a close if the bats are awake.”
“Maybe we should rest,” Bell said, but the noise came again. This time it seemed to come from their left. 
“The sooner we finish this the better, I think.”
“I agree,” and the two men once again set off along the tunnel.
But the sound came again from ahead of them, and now behind as well. And again to their left.
“There is nothing but wall to our left,” Bell said.
“Yes, there must be another tunnel next to this one,” the Shadow Ranger said. “By thunder, who knows how many tunnels are in here.”
“Let us go,” Bell urged as the sounds drew closer from behind.
 And then the two men were running through the dark and suddenly a wolf like creature jumped from in front of them. Instinctively the Shadow Ranger brought up his sword and impaled it. It fell to the ground and they both looked at it. It was indeed much like a large wolf, but there was a furred stalk on top of its head with a ball, the size of a tennis ball, on top that held a single, very large eye.
They ran on and could now hear at least two of these wolves running after them. Then they came to a large circular opening with a high ceiling. From it came five or six tunnels, but coming out of these tunnels were more of the wolves. Bell and Mattaeus stood in the centre, back to back, with their swords drawn.
“Not how I imagined my ending,” Mattaeus commented.
“Then don’t let it be. I am getting a strong feeling for that tunnel there, do you feel it?” 
The wolves slowly got closer.
“Yes. Yes, I do.”
“Then you break the ring and I will keep them at bay behind us,” Bell said.
“Good luck, Forest Ranger,” and then Mattaeus moved forwards and the nearest wolf ran to meet him. 
He dodged its claws and slashed at its back. The other wolves now moved faster and Bell let his sword sing through the air at them. Somehow they moved closer to the tunnel, fighting all the way. Claws swiped and swords answered, jaws tried to bite, but were punched away. Mattaeus swung in a circle and cut a head clean off. Bell plunged his sword into the back of another, straight through the heart. They moved toward the tunnel until there was a gap in the wolves and the Shadow Ranger shouted for them to run.
They ran into the tunnel, Bell cutting off a wolf’s eyestalk as he went. It went mad with blindness and attacked another wolf as they continued to run, hearing the remaining wolves following them. They couldn’t stop to think about whether there were any more ahead of them; they couldn’t stop at all.
For a while the wolves sounded so close Bell expected one to bite him, but suddenly the noise fell back and disappeared. They stopped. The silence was deafening. They both leaned against a wall to recover.
“They stopped,” Bell panted.
“Perhaps this is too far from their home,” Mattaeus said.
“Or this is the realm of other beasts,” Bell groaned.
After a while they began walking again. They stopped again when they saw the tail end of some giant worm crossing in front of them at a junction of tunnels; they tried not to think about it as they walked on.
%%%
The Port of Columbina was bustling with people. The town was built on land that sloped down to an ocean that sparkled in the sun. Dylan could see big ships with large white sails out on the ocean and others down at the docks. The main road of the town was very wide and ran from the docks, up through the town and out into the countryside. 
They stood in front of a building watching the carts go up and down the roads, the people carrying sacks and wooden crates, the people trying to sell things on the streets.
“What do you know of this town, Lucas?” Dad asked.
“Not much, I am a mountain man, not a seafarer,” he replied. “But I know it is an important port and so there will be Chinerthian Ruling Guards around. We cannot be caught by the Guards; it will not take much questioning for them to realise who you truly are.”
“So you have an idea where to start?”
“From what I know of pirates? The seedier parts of town.”
“You know them?”
Lucas laughed. “I think anyone can find the seedy parts of town, don’t you?”
“I’m not sure I want Dylan in those parts.”
Lucas looked at the ground in thought. “No. No, but what other choice do we have?”
“I’m OK,” Dylan said. “I’ll be careful.”
“I know you will, Son.”
“Well, let us find something to eat first; I’m hungrier than a Chaper Mouse,” and Lucas led them to the nearest inn for food. 
%%%
It was decided afterwards to go down to the docks and look for ships that would be going to the Port of Silas across the ocean. That took them two days. Dylan wanted to find the pirate, he thought pirates were cool, but Lucas insisted they knew when and where ships were leaving in case they had to leave quickly. 
Lucas then spent the next three days going to bars trying to find the Pirate d’Gaz. Over these days Dylan and his Dad explored the town. It was nice and the people were quite friendly, but it was busy too. There were always ships coming and going so there were always people coming and going too. The streets were never quiet, even at night you could hear people and Dylan thought that maybe the noise was coming from the seedy part of town. He couldn’t imagine it, why would there be lots of seeds? It couldn’t mean that, unless it had something to do with fruit, maybe a fruit market was there, but why would a pirate hang out with fruit?
“No sign of him?” Dad asked Lucas over an ale.
“They are a cagey bunch as no one knows who I am.”
“So?” Dylan asked.
“So,” Lucas said, “they don’t know if they can trust me, maybe I am one of the Ruling Guards.”
“Maybe we should come with you,” Dad said.
“Yes, I was thinking that, you are probably better at these things than I.”
Finally, Dylan was going to get to see this fruit market. But when he saw it, it wasn’t what he expected; it wasn’t what he thought about when he thought about pirates. The lanes were narrow and there were a lot of men who Lucas said were sailors, but not like on Earth, these men were dirty with ripped clothes. There were also a lot of women on the streets, talking to the sailors, but they were not wearing a lot of clothes and Dylan thought they must be cold, maybe asking the sailors for their coats. 
Here, every other house, which were all joined together, seemed to be a bar or inn, none of them seemed to sell fruit. In fact, it was a pretty scary place, Dylan didn’t like seedy places, they felt full of danger; perhaps pirates were not like they were in films.
“How are you, Dylan?” Lucas asked.
“I don’t like this place.”
“No, I don’t either, but stay close with me and you will be fine,” and that helped, surely no one could hurt Lucas. At least none of these tired looking sailors.
“Hey there, big man,” a woman said to Lucas.
“No, thank you,” Lucas replied.
“Oh, come on, I’ll show you a good time,” she replied and Dylan thought a good time sounded better than being here.
“Not now, woman,” Lucas said sternly.
“How about you then?” she asked his Dad and Dylan hoped they would go for a good time instead of one of these inns.
“Not for me, thank you,” his Dad replied.
“I’m always up for a good time,” a sailor stumbled up and said.
“But your money isn’t,” she replied and walked off.
“Hey, you’re that big man looking for d’Gaz ain’t you?” the sailor said.
“Hush your mouth, sailor,” Lucas almost whispered.
“Oh, yes, true, true,” the sailor said and winked. “Try the Old Cattail, some of his associates may be there,” and then he stumbled away.
“What was wrong with him?” Dylan asked.
“Too much ale,” Dad told him. “It’s not good for you.”
“Well, let us get off the street, though I fear the Old Cattail will be no better,” Lucas said and walked on.
The Old Cattail was just one large room with a balcony running around it on the inside. On the ground floor there were tables and a bar as well as a man playing the piano. Dylan liked the music he was playing, it was much happier than the rest of the bar. Every table was full of men and women and more were standing at the bar. Some were drinking ale, some were playing cards, some were just talking.
“Well, I guess,” started Lucas, “Er… I guess we ask around.”
“No,” said Dad, “we can’t be halfhearted in a place like this. We get a table and an ale.”
“There aren’t any tables,” Dylan said.
“Then we take one. Lucas, see that sailor there? He’s at our table.”
“No he isn’t”
“Yes. He is.”
“Oh, right, I see you.”
“Take Dylan and I will get some ale.”
Dylan and Lucas walked over to a man who looked half asleep.”
“You are sitting at my table,” Lucas told him.
“What? This here ain’t no reservation.”
“You’re sitting at my table I suggest you move.”
The man stood up slowly, he swayed a little as he pulled his sword, but Lucas pushed it away and it fell to the ground.
“As I said, my table.”
“OK, OK, I wasn’t to know, was I?” the man said and walked slowly to the bar, falling to the floor before he got there.
“I don’t think you should drink any ale,” Dylan said.
“Oh, it’s OK if you drink just a bit,” Lucas said.
“Hi, sweety,” the barmaid said to Connor. 
She was a large woman, looked like she could handle any of the men drinking here and Connor guessed she would have to. “Nice to see a sober man in here.”
“Well, I’ll work on it, I guess,” Connor smiled.
She laughed. 
“Now don’t go getting like the rest of the men in this place, it’s hard for a good woman like myself to find a man. What’ll it be?”
Connor ordered two ales and asked about the card games.
“Oh, don’t be doing that,” she said.
“It’s not a habit of mine, but I might just have to.”
“Well, ain’t you a strange man, I don’t think you should be drinking in a place like this.”
“But the card games?”
“If you insist, you can always join as long as there is a free chair and money in your pouch.”
“You are too fine a woman to be in a place like this. A diamond in the rough,” Connor said and she blushed and laughed.
“Oh, my! You can come see me anytime, ‘diamond in the rough’? Never heard that one before. I like it, I do.” 
Connor weaved his way back to the table and sat down.
“I’m going to play some cards, Lucas, I need some more money.”
“No, we can’t waste what we have on games.”
“It’s not a game; I think it will be the best way of getting noticed.”
“How?”
“If d’Gaz or his friends are here we need them to notice us, we’ll never find them otherwise.”
“And how will cards help?”
“Well, I intend to win,” Dad said and grinned.
They waited for a while and had another ale and Dylan wondered how many were too many. They talked about the ships and about how Bell and Mattaeus might be doing. Had they defeated the dragon yet? Were they even now on their way to meet them? How long should they wait? 
No one ever suggested that they might have failed, that they might be dead or lost in the dark.
CHAPTER X

Finally someone lost all their money and left the table and Dad walked over with his ale and sat down. The dealer dealt him some cards with no questions once he had put money on the table. It wasn’t a very good plan; Connor was betting that cards here were simpler than on Earth, that he would know tricks that these sailors wouldn’t. Of course they might, they might know ways of cheating that he didn’t. It wasn’t a great plan. 
He lost the first couple of hands while he watched the other players and started to get a feel for them. The most important thing in cards is a tell. It’s something people do when they are bluffing. That is when they don’t have as good cards as they pretend to. Or little things they do when they have a good hand, just small things like playing with their ear. That was what one sailor, a thin but muscled man did. When he had bad cards he would tug at his earlobe. Once Dad had worked out some of the tells he started winning and as he played more, the more he worked out the players tells and ways of playing and as he did he won more. And as he won more the other men got angrier.
And as people got angrier they attracted more attention to the table. Then one man left the table, pushing through the onlookers grumbling about cheating going on. But as more people left the table Dad could hear that some were disagreeing, they couldn’t see any cheating going on, but others thought there must be, no one has that much luck.
Now there were only three men at the table, Connor, an older man and a muscled sailor with a big black beard and wild curly hair to match. 
The black haired man lost the next game and Connor took all but a little of his money.
“So you have cleaned up a table, have you?” he growled at Connor.
“I guess it’s my lucky night.”
“No one is this lucky; in all the nights here no one has ever beaten a table.”
“I’m still in,” the other man said.
“Shut it, old man,” black hair warned. “It’s time your luck changed.” 
And suddenly two men grabbed Connor from behind and black hair pulled a long knife. Lucas was up and pulling his axe from his back when another voice boomed across the room.
“That’ll be enough there, Brann.”
The crowds parted as a man walked down the stairs, another two men behind him. Dylan stretched to see, but couldn’t, tried looking under legs, but Lucas pulled him back up.
“I’ve been watching from upstairs and I see no cheating.”
“He has to be.”
“I’m not,” Connor said.
“Nobody asked you,” the man said. “Let him go.”
Dad straightened his shirt as Brann put away his knife. Lucas lifted Dylan and pushed through to stand with Connor.
“Now there’s a man you would not have wanted to fight, Brann, hey?” the man chuckled.
“He’s not so big,” Brann muttered.
“What’s your name, Lucky?”
“What’s yours?”
The man laughed. “Don’t get cocky while I’m saving your life, Lucky.”
“Connor of the Shed.”
“Pleased to meet you, come upstairs with those winnings of yours and show me your tricks.”
“So he was cheating,” roared Brann.
“No, Brann, he’s just not as wood-headed as you, he read you like a book.”
They went upstairs and into a room.
“It was fool-headed what you did,” the man told them as they sat on a ring of couches.
 Dylan looked at him, he was short, but had muscles; he had shaved black hair and black stubble on his chin. 
“It was meant to be.”
“Oh yes? Looking for trouble are we?”
“Looking for someone.”
“Whom do you search?”
“The Pirate d’Gaz,” Lucas said.
“Well what luck,” the man decried, “for I am d’Gaz and I don’t like being found,” suddenly all the men in the room were pointing swords at them.
“We are not Ruling Guards,” Connor said, “we were told to look for you here.”
“By whom?”
“The Twin Magicians.”
“By thunder! Then I am in trouble after all,” d’Gaz said, waving a hand and the swords were sheathed. “So you want to go across the sea, but for what?”
“There are too many ears here,” Connor said.
“Well, well, the plot thickens. Meet me tomorrow for lunch at Jester’s Inn. I am contrigued,” d’Gaz said. “Now leave and do not hang in the streets, they’ll be dangerous for you tonight.”
They did so and hurried back to their inn and to bed.
Connor lay in bed feeling elated. He had done something, he had taken a chance and he had helped to further their Quest. He had taken a chance and he was happy to still be alive for it.
%%%
They couldn’t know for how long they walked in the dark, but they rested where they could. They came across no more wolves, in fact they came across nothing and that in itself was unsettling. Onward they went feeling the Magicians pulling them ever closer to the dragon.
“Have you actually ever seen a dragon?” Bell asked.
“Some, but not on this World.”
“What are they like?”
“The ones I’ve seen? Terrifying,” Mattaeus answered.
“That does not help,” Bell said.
“Neither for me.”
After what could have been a couple more hours walking Bell stopped.
“It is getting lighter,” he said.
“By thunder, you’re right. Have we taken a misturn?”
“No, I still feel we are going the right way, perhaps there is a hole to the outside somewhere.”
“If there is we should have entered there and saved us much trouble.”
Bell laughed. “Did we believe this task to be easy?”
“Nothing ever is,” the Shadow Ranger sighed.
The light seemed to be coming from a cavern up ahead. It wasn’t very bright and they thought it must be coming from the roof. It was, but they didn’t really take time to look up as they were too busy staring at the huge gold and black dragon that sat in the middle of the cavern. It had its head resting on its front claws and its tail wrapped around it. It appeared to be asleep.
“Or dead,” Bell whispered quietly.
“Well let’s make sure.”
“We can’t. What if killing it doesn’t break the curse?”
But they drew their swords anyway.
“Really?” a voice said in their heads. “You’re going to kill me with swords, are you?”
“Can you hear that?” Bell asked.
“I can.”
“I can feel strong magic around you, helping you sneak up on me. Have a little help do we?”
“Perhaps,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“But even with help do you really think you can best me with your tiny swords?”
“We did until we saw you,” Bell admitted.
“Well at least you are honest, Forest Ranger.”
“This sword has killed dragons before,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“It has?” Bell asked surprised.
“Even you have soft spots, dragon.”
The dragon lifted its head on its long neck and stood up. It was massive, Bell thought in awe, at least fifty foot long and twenty high at its back.
“Well then let us proceed,” the dragon said.
“You heart does not seem in it, dragon.”
“I am old and tired, I knew this day would come eventually.”
The Shadow Ranger felt a pang of mercy towards the creature and he remembered what the Princess had said to him. How his mercy was his undoing he already understood, but how it could be the redemption of others he did not. But now he had a thought.
“We do not need to do this dragon,” he said.
“But you have come a long way for this end. Had to face those nuisance wolves, no doubt.”
“We are on a Quest and we need the help of the Magicians you hold bound by curse.”
“Free them I cannot do,” the dragon said.
“But why?” Bell asked. “Why do you hold them?”
The dragon lowered its head to the ground and seemed to sigh.
“We dragons are not unlike you humans, we think and feel much the same. For centuries we ruled, we did whatever we liked, there was no man or beast we could not defeat. A long story ends with the Chinerthians changing the Balance of Power, suddenly we were vulnerable, our magic lessened and we were hunted by our prey.
“Some of us realised this and realised how we had treated the lesser races and we were sorrowful, but others thirsted for their power and they joined the Chinerthians, made deals with them. They got some of their magic back and helped to win the War of the Four Worlds. 
“We fought them, but we were no match so we took to hiding. We formed Dragonstones that allowed us to use the magic of others to hide ourselves. If I break my hold on the Magicians I will be found and killed.”
“But our Quest is to destroy the Black Queen,” Bell said.
“Bell,” Mattaeus warned.
The dragon laughed in their heads. “Destroy her? And how will you do that?”
“We are going to bring back the Balance.”
“Oh, it is that simple, is it?”
“We wish,” Bell said.
“Do I have permission to ask that your magical defenses be lowered?”
“Why?” Mattaeus asked.
“To see all that you know and plan, to know I can trust you on these things.”
“How do we know we can trust you?”
“I did not have to ask permission, I do not have to ask at all, you think I cannot break such spells?”
“Very well,” and the dragon went silent for a few seconds. Mattaeus and Bell both felt the magic drain away and the dragon was silent for more minutes until they felt the magic start to course through them again.
“Very interesting, very interesting,” the dragon said. “Portals and Fifth Worlders. There will be war, Shadow Ranger, great war.”
“I know.”
“More than you let on.”
“So what now is your answer?”
“You will need all the help you can get. Realigning the Balance will free my kind from their hiding, it will free everyone, man and beast. I cannot turn my back on this opportunity from my own fears. I have learned sacrifice, Shadow Ranger.”
“Thank you, dragon,” Bell said.
“It is Nagendra,” the dragon said. “Look around you at my things; you will find the Dragonstone in there. It is gold and black like myself.”
The two men looked around the dragon and couldn’t believe they had not seen the piles of gold, weapons and armor that lay in the cavern. 
“Where did you get all this?” Bell asked.
“Some I brought with me, keeping it out of the hands of the Chinerthians, but most has collected over centuries of people coming to slay me. Help yourself.”
The two men started sorting through the piles looking for the Dragonstone.
“There Forest Ranger, to your left is a fine bow,” Nagendra said.
Bell picked it up along with a quiver of arrows.
“That is the bow of Galvyn, you can feel the magic in it.”
“Galvyn is a legend,” Bell protested.
“He is not,” Mattaeus said and continued looking.
They tried different weapons and shields that they found and put gold in their bags and eventually they found the Dragonstone.
“It is smaller than I would have thought,” Bell said.
“So, Mattaeus, Shadow Ranger, do you take possession of the Dragonstone of Nagendra?”
“I do.”
“Then the hold is broken.”
“Thank you, Nagendra. We must go at once to reunite with the Foreshadow,” Bell said.
“Indeed you must, I will keep the Cave Wolves at bay for you, but be aware for the cave worms and the Jalandandraw,” and the two men bid farewell and walked towards the tunnels. 
“Shadow Ranger, two more things. The Dragonstone still holds power, in the right hands it may be used on others as I used it. It is also forever connected to me and can be used to contact me if you should ever need to do so.”
Mattaeus nodded. “Then maybe we shall talk again, Nagendra,” and with that they left the cavern and the great dragon.
 
CHAPTER XI

“So how are Kaitlin and Alura?” d’Gaz asked.
“Pretty good, considering. We’ve only just met them, to be honest,” Dad said.
“Are they joining us?”
“They should be here soon.”
“Hopefully,” Lucas said.
“Hopefully?” d’Gaz asked.
“It’s nothing,” Dad said.
“But there are more of you coming?”
“Four more,” Connor said.
“Hopefully,” Lucas said.
d’Gaz looked at him, but Lucas just shrugged.
“And so we get down to why the Twin Magicians sent you to me, why not any other ship’s captain?”
“We don’t know, they just said to find you.”
“I would prefer to find another captain,” Lucas said. “I am from the mountains and even I have heard of your wicked deeds.”
“Propaganda, Mountain Man, I only attack Chinerthian ships, but they want me caught so they spread stories. I suspect they even attack innocent vessels themselves just to pin it on me.”
“And we can believe that?”
“You can believe what you want, Man Mountain, you have come to me, not me to you.”
“Perhaps the Twin Magicians will shed light on the situation when they get here,” Connor said.
“How do you know them?” Dylan asked.
“The Twin Magicians? I fought with Alura right here in the Battle for the Port; what a woman. Then they tended my wounds back at that house of theirs. Quite something, isn’t it, little man?”
“Bigger inside than out,” Dylan agreed.
“You fought protecting the port?” Lucas asked.
d’Gaz laughed. “You still believe all the tales, huh, Man Mountain?”
“I apologise, d’Gaz.”
“It is taken well, Man Mountain. Now, the question is ‘why’?”
“Why what?” Dad asked.
“Why what, Lucky? Why have you come to me, why did you go to the Twin Magicians?” d’Gaz looked around and then leaned in. “What is your purpose?”
“Say nothing,” Lucas said.
Connor looked at him, but then leaned in anyway.
“We come to destroy the Black Queen.”
“A fool’s errand, even with your luck,” d’Gaz said and sat back.
“That it is,” Dad replied.
“We have no choice,” Dylan said.
“Well it is a noble cause then.”
“One that you seem to have been doing for some time,” Dad said.
“Maybe so. Or maybe I just do what a man can to survive.”
“But you only hit Chinerthian ships, you fought against them here.”
“OK, OK, but your mission is still fool-headed there is no purpose behind it.”
“I and my son are from the Fifth World,” Connor said.
“Now don’t play me for a fool, that would mean,” he stopped and looked around and then leaned in again, “that would mean a Portal has opened.”
“That’s exactly what it means,” now it was Dad’s turn to lean in, “and that’s why we have the opportunity to regain the Balance.”
They both leaned back on their chairs and drank.
“So you’re serious. And the Twin Magicians believe you enough to help,” he stroked his stubbly chin. “OK, OK so let’s say I help, what is the plan?”
Connor ran through the basics with him.
“It’s not much of a plan is it, Lucky?”
“Not really,” Dad agreed.
“So you’ll help?” Dylan asked.
“Well you obviously need someone who can plan on your side, young Guardian, who else is coming with the Twin Magicians?”
“A Forest Ranger friend of mine,” Lucas said, “and the Shadow Ranger.”
“The Shadow Ranger?” d’Gaz asked.
“Does it worry you?” Lucas asked.
“Worry me? I’m not sure if it is a blessing or a curse to have him at your side.”
“You know him?” Dylan asked.
“Now then, young Guardian, I could tell you some tales about your Shadow Ranger friend,” and he winked.
“He never mentioned knowing you,” Lucas said.
“Ahh, he’s a secretive one though isn’t he?” d’Gaz said and winked again at Dylan. “What strange bedfellows you have, young Guardian.”
“You mean friends?” Dylan asked.
“Aye, I do.”
“And are you a friend?”
“Well, well, young Guardian, I believe I am,” d’Gaz said and stretched out a hand which Dylan took and shook. “You can add me to your Quest.”
“We’re called the Foreshadow of Balance.”
“It’s a fine name, but now we need to talk preparations. You need to wait for your Quest and I have business to attend to.”
“Can we help?” Dad asked.
“Well, you might be able to, the quicker it is done, the quicker we can be away.”
%%%
Two nights later with no moon, they were in the harbor unloading a boat. There were many crates to be unloaded, but d’Gaz wouldn’t tell them what was in them, merely that this was not the time for talk, but for speed. Dylan did what he could, but it wasn’t much. Dad said he should stay at the inn, but Lucas wouldn’t let him out of his sight. In the end he stood with d’Gaz and oversaw the operation. 
They moved the crates from the boat to a cart and then the boat would leave and come back with more. Once a cart was full it left and another pulled up. Dylan counted six times they stopped and hid because of noises, but only once did a party of Ruling Guards march by on the street that ran the length of the harbor.
It took them two hours to finish and then Dylan, Dad and Lucas got on the last cart with d’Gaz and they rode to the outskirts of town, never taking the main roads.
“So what is this, d’Gaz,” asked Lucas, “what treachery have you involved us in?”
D’Gaz laughed. “These are medical supplies, Man Mountain.”
“Medical supplies?” Dad asked.
“Oh, yes. Some are made here in the woods, some come from overseas, but the Chinerthians cannot make money from free health care.”
“So they are selling them back to the people?”
“Indeed. They can’t stop the forest people doing so, but they can stop it coming in and out of the towns.
“You have to pay now for medicines and the poorest can’t afford to. I know people who smuggle it in through the forests and we smuggle in what can’t be found here.”
“So you are helping people?” Lucas asked incredulously.
“You still believe the Chinerthian lies then, Man Mountain.”
“I am a Mountain Man, I cannot change my beliefs so easily.”
“But you are coming around, no?”
“I am, Pirate, I am.”
“Good to hear,” d’Gaz smiled. “Here we are.”
They unloaded the crates into the back of an inn, the innkeeper hurrying them along, always looking around for Ruling Guards.
“Tomorrow night we finish,” d’Gaz said.
“There’s more?” Dad asked.
“From here some can be distributed, but they need to be smuggled to towns, such as Jania, that are on major, patrolled routes.”
“Tomorrow then,” Lucas said as they turned to walk away.
“Good to have you on side, Man Mountain.”
“Same to you, Pirate.”

CHAPTER XII

The next night they had loaded up two carts that had headed off towards the Forest where d’Gaz told Dylan they would be loaded onto forest wagons and taken through the trees to other towns. Suddenly there were shouts of men and lit torches rushing towards them.
“We are found,” shouted d’Gaz. “Scatter!”
The men dropped their crates, but instead of running pulled their swords. Lucas ran and grabbed Dylan.
“To the boat,” d’Gaz shouted at him and he found Dad and pulled him towards the boat.
Ruling Guards came rushing in with swords drawn and the pirates clashed with them. Torches lit up in the sea as more boats came rushing in.
“To the boats men,” d’Gaz commanded and the pirates fell back still fighting. Men fell here and there and Dylan didn’t want to watch, but couldn’t hide his face. Lucas picked him up and dropped him in the boat, pushing Dad in after them. 
“Get them to the ship,” Lucas commanded the oarsman.
Everywhere Dylan could see men fighting by the light of dropped torches; some more pirates dropped into the boat they were in and one Ruling Guard jumped in after and Dylan watched horrified as a pirate put a sword right through him before pushing the body into the water.
Now more boats were pulling up and pirates were jumping in, Dylan’s boat started moving away from the harbour and Dylan could just make out Guards falling as if from behind. Then a man was struck by what looked like a bolt of lightning and in the light, who was that? Yes! It looked like the Shadow Ranger.
%%%
“Well, well, d’Gaz, here we are again,” Mattaeus said as he joined the pirate.
“Never could stay away from a fight, could you?” d’Gaz replied.
“Where is the boy and his father?”
“Rowing towards the ship.”
“That is well,” Mattaeus said as they fought three Ruling Guards. A lightning bolt from the hands of Alura killed a Guard that tried to stab Mattaeus from behind and then Bell and Kaitlin came running past, Bell turning to fight off another Guard.
“To the ship?” Bell shouted.
“Aye,” returned d’Gaz.
“The boy and his father?” Kaitlin asked as they ran.
“Fine, fine,” returned d’Gaz. “Nice to see you too.”
Two Guards had managed to get between them and the boats, but Kaitlin lifted her hands and the Guards floated up and then dropped into the water.
Now many pirates were jumping into the boats and they were pulling away.
“Time to go,” Mattaeus shouted to d’Gaz.
“Aye, it is,” d’Gaz shouted back killing another Guard. “To the ship,” he shouted.
The men jumped to the boats, dragging wounded friends with them, fighting off Guards that tried to jump in and as they pulled away from the shore archers were arriving with flaming arrows.
“Tell your men to pull in the oars,” Alura commanded d’Gaz.
“Oars in,” he shouted. The ones who didn’t nearly had them ripped from their hands as Alura used her magic to whisk the boats across the water. Kaitlin in another boat stood and faced the shore. Suddenly a giant wave was rising up and then crashing down on the Ruling Guards standing on the harbor.
And then they were racing across the dark sea until the Pirate Ship Irredeemable came into view anchored in the open ocean. With Alura’s magic they were soon there and Bell could see Lucas’ form standing on the deck watching them. 
In his heart he felt a great relief and a love for this friend with whom he had seen so much. They had made it through the first stage of their Quest, but he couldn’t believe that they could succeed. Perhaps they could change a little, but actually change the Balance? He looked into his past and he could not believe it as he could not believe in himself. At least they could go down in the annuals of history as doing their best to restore the Balance, maybe even inspire others to try again.
But for now he was just glad that the Foreshadow of Balance was together again; it had been a long time since he had done anything and he realised that he was happy to once again have a purpose.
%%%
The ship sailed with most of the crew collapsed on the deck. In his dreams Dylan could hear men shouting and singing and when he awoke in the morning he thought it must have been real as he could hear the pirates were all up, singing and shouting as they worked. At some point someone had put him into a bed and he looked around for a door. Finding it, he walked through a short corridor and up some wooden stairs to another door. Opening it he was hit by bright sunlight and a deck busy with men. Lucas stood by the door and turned to see him.
“Did you sleep well?”
“I did,” Dylan smiled. “Where’s my Dad?”
“Over there at the rail,” Dylan spotted him and they walked over. “Ever been on a boat?”
“Not like this,” Dylan replied, “Hi, Dad.”
“Oh, morning, Son, how was your sleep?”
“It was good, how about yours?”
“Fine, I was so tired,” his Dad smiled.
“Ahh, the young Guardian is awake,” d’Gaz said as he walked past. “Let’s meet in my cabin in five minutes.”
“I’ll round up the others,” Lucas said and walked off, but not before a reassuring nod from Dad.
“It was pretty scary last night, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Dylan agreed.
“Do you think you can carry on? There’ll be more times like that.”
“I guess so, Dad. I guess we can’t just go home now anyway.”
“No, I guess we can’t,” Dad said and gave Dylan a tight hug. “Let’s go and see what d’Gaz has to say.”
%%%
The Irredeemable was a big ship, but it was sleek and fast. At the back, or stern, of the ship was a building that looked to Dylan a bit like a small house. Everyone was going in there and Dylan and his Dad followed.
Inside was a room with windows and a large table in the centre. All around the walls were bookcases or maps on the walls. Everyone took a chair, but Dylan walked over to look at the maps. They seemed to be countries, but none that Dylan recognised. 
It fascinated him that he wasn’t just in a new country, but on a whole new world. There were all the same things happening here as on Earth. People from different countries probably looked different and had different cultures. Certainly the pirates were a mix of skin colours and faces.
“To get us all up to speed, the Ruling Guards gave chase last night, but we had good winds and they did not,” d’Gaz said and gestured to the Twin Magicians.
“Thank you,” Connor said.
“It is well, Guardian,” Kaitlin replied.
“So now we sail for the Port of Silas, but we have two problems,” d’Gaz said.
“No supplies,” Bell said.
“Very sharp, Forest Ranger,” d’Gaz agreed.
“And the second,” said the Shadow Ranger, “is treachery.”
“I shall retire then, shall I?” d’Gaz smirked.
“One of your crew plots against you, Captain?” Connor asked.
“How else did the Ruling Guards know of what we do?” d’Gaz asked him. “The question is whom?”
“That should be but a simple matter,” Alura said.
“No,” Kaitlin protested, “we cannot use our magic to pry men’s minds.”
“It must be so,” Mattaeus said.
“No, they will be aware of it, many fear Magicians, especially superstitious sailors.”
“What she says is true,” d’Gaz said. “You could risk a mutiny.”
“We cannot risk our Quest.”
“But are we all Quest?” Lucas asked looking at each one.
“Do we really have to go through such formalities, Man Mountain?”
“Yes,” replied Connor, “from all that I have seen so far, we do.”
“The Righteous has chosen well, Connor of the Shed,” Kaitlin said quietly and touched Connor’s hand.
d’Gaz laughed. “I don’t know about any Righteous, but you are a wise Guardian, I’ll give you that.”
“Whom is it that I should follow?” Alura asked.
“Dylan, come here,” Mattaeus said and Dylan looked away from a map of a sea with many islands. In the sea were pictures of sea monsters. Dylan was a little worried by them, but then he had seen old maps of his Dad’s that had the same. Seas monsters didn’t really exist. Or at least not on Earth. He looked back at the map once more and then walked over to the Shadow Ranger who stood and put an arm around him.
“A boy?” d’Gaz asked incredulously.
“This is Dylan of the Shed, Guardian of the Portal of Which He Opened.”
“You opened the Portal?” d’Gaz asked much in the same way.
“I guess,” said Dylan.
“Those that are Pledged to this Quest stand,” the Shadow Ranger said and Bell, Lucas and his Dad stood.
“Really, the forehead and heart thing?” d’Gaz asked, but Kaitlin stood and placed her hands such.
“Kaitlin, we need to talk,” Alura hissed.
“I am ready to Pledge,” Kaitlin told the Shadow Ranger.
“Kaitlin, you know not what you Pledge.”
“I am aware, sister. They saved us from the dragon that we might honour our Pledge to the Balance.”
Alura, sighed, stood and put a hand to her heart and one to her forehead.
“Oh, very well,” said d’Gaz, “but this is madness, I tell you all now.”
“And when has a little madness stopped you, d’Gaz?” Mattaeus asked with a smirk.
“You’re a pirate,” Dylan said, “Isn’t this what you do? I’ve seen you help people.”
d’Gaz smiled and Dylan thought his whole face changed with it. 
“Oh, young Guardian, I Pledge to follow you wherever you need me,” and Dylan felt a tingle go through his whole body.
“Do you give yourself Heart, Mind, Strength and Soul to this Quest?” asked Mattaeus.
“We do,” d’Gaz and the Twin Magicians replied.
And then something weird happened. Dylan tried to step back, but Mattaeus held him as Alura floated off of the ground. But it was her eyes that made Dylan want to back away, they had gone the colour of milk.
“Do all that stand, Pledge Allegiance to the Guardian and Creator of the Portal? Do you that stand here and those that are to come Pledge to the Balance?” Alura asked with a deep voice.
They all stood silently.
“I am Pledged to protect the Guardian and so I say aye,” Lucas said.
“I Pledge,” said his Dad.
“As do I,” Bell spoke up.
“Yes,” the Shadow Ranger simply said.
d’Gaz looked at them all. “Alright, I am in.”
“Alura,” Kaitlin asked.
“Do you?”
Kaitlin looked at Connor and then back to her sister. “Yes, I Pledge,” and each time they said they would, Dylan felt that tingle again and shivered slightly.
“Very well,” Alura said and then smiled. “We too Pledge,” and then she dropped to her feet and stood there for a second. d’Gaz went to her and caught her before she fainted. 
“Be you OK?”
“What?”
“You had a touch of seasickness there, my dear.”
“Oh,” Alura looked around. “Well thank you, Pirate.”
d’Gaz beamed a smile. “Always a pleasure.”
“Let us sit,” Mattaeus said and they did. “Your two matters, d’Gaz?”
“What? Oh yes,” he said and pulled out a map from under the table. “We will have to stop at the Island of Onslow to buy supplies, but it is water that we need most and so we will have to stop here,” he pointed on the map, “to get fresh water first.”
“And your other problem?” Bell asked.
“We must do what we can,” Kaitlin said.
“The old fashioned way,” Connor smiled.
“We will find the man who betrayed you,” Alura agreed. 
%%%
“You wish to make our Quest harder, old friend?” Mattaeus asked once the rest had left.
“It is the only place for fresh water.”
“If any water is fresh there.”
“You are not the seaman, I am.”
“Have you ever been there?”
“Thankfully, no,” d’Gaz replied.
“I have and we will find more than sailor’s tales there.”
“Then we will have to be quick,” d’Gaz turned on the Shadow Ranger. “This Quest will be over before it is finished if we do not get fresh water on board.
“I pretend even not to understand what is happening, what happened with Alura back there, but I know the sea and I know my ship.”
Mattaeus nodded. “I apologise, friend, you are the Captain and you steer a good ship.”
d’Gaz laughed. “Always the Wise Ruler, Arturo.”
“Say it not,” Mattaeus warned.
“How long will you punish yourself? How long will you deny?”
“As long as has to be; do not push me, Pirate,” Mattaeus warned.
“You. You do not call me that,” d’Gaz shouted at the Shadow Ranger and suddenly the waves crashed and the ship rolled.
“Be at peace, old friend,” the Shadow Ranger said and left.

CHAPTER XIII

They sailed for another week with not much happening other than daily work. Both Connor and Dylan practiced with their swords and Mattaeus told them of the Four Worlds. d’Gaz told stories of the sea when he wasn’t busy and all of them did their best to eavesdrop on the crew until finally they drew near to the island.
“This is madness,” said the helmsman.
“It is madness too to carry on with no fresh water,” d’Gaz reminded him. “We will see to it that we are there and away as quickly as possible.”
“The men won’t like it,” the helmsman said.
“Argh, the men never like anything.”
“True, Captain, true.”
They sailed on through the day and Dylan stood and watched the sea for most of it. He had never been to sea like this, it was everywhere; there was no land in sight. After an hour Kaitlin came and stood with him and they saw five or six dolphins swimming along with the boat. It was amazing, they jumped out of the water and seemed to be playing. He called to his Dad, but he was practicing sword fighting with the Shadow Ranger and so he watched the dolphins until they swam off. He was sad, he loved the way they shot water from their blowholes and jumped and sounded like they laughed. He kept watching for more until it was time to eat.
As he watched the water he thought about everything that had happened. There were a lot of scary things in this world, but he felt OK. He thought back to his Dad asking if he could carry on and he thought he could as long as the others were with him. 
Alura scared him a bit after what happened, but he didn’t think she was a bad person. It was weird though; he thought she was talking about him and Pledging allegi-something to him. He was the Guardian and the Opener of the Portal, right? But why would they want to follow him? He was just a boy. He wasn’t sure he wanted people to follow him; he wanted to follow Mattaeus, who seemed like a better leader. Did they expect him to lead? To tell them what to do? He couldn’t do that, he didn’t even know where they were.
By the time night fell they could see an island, but they all decided to sleep on the boat. Dylan thought that the pirates didn’t want to go on the island at night. He didn’t blame them after some of the things he had seen in the forests.
In the morning two boats were lowered and men were picked to go to the island. Most of the sailors still did not want to go so Bell, Mattaeus, Dad, Kaitlin and Alura volunteered. And so, two boats of eight men and two women rowed ashore.
“Why are they so afraid?” Connor asked Kaitlin.
“This is the Isle d’Muerte, stories tell of the undead.”
“The undead?”
“Yes, you do not have them on the Fifth World?” she asked.
“Only in films.”
“What is a film?”
“That’s too long an answer to give at the moment.”
“Why?”
“I would have to explain a lot more about my world before I got to films,” Connor smiled.
“I would like to hear all about your world,” Kaitlin smiled back.
And so Connor started to explain, but very soon they were reaching the shore.
“OK, men,” d’Gaz shouted, “we are here to get water and leave. No walking off, do not leave the vision of another man. Or woman,” he added. And then they were pulling the boats onto the beach. 
It was beautiful, Connor thought, like a picture postcard. White sands that led up to a dense green jungle.
“No birds,” Bell said.
“What?” Connor asked.
“Silence, no bird sounds,” and he was right, the island was quiet.
“Perhaps they are scared of us.”
“Perhaps,” Mattaeus added in.
“OK, OK, let’s get this done,” d’Gaz said and they each picked up a wooden bucket.
“Here, Captain,” a pirate called and they walked over to where a stream poured from the forest, through the sand and into the sea.
“We’re going to have to go further up,” Bell said.
“I know, I know,” d’Gaz retorted. He was not happy about the idea.
“Then let us spread a line up the banks so that at least one person is on the beach in sight of the ship,” Mattaeus said. “If you don’t receive a bucket from further up the line spread the word something has gone awry.”
“OK, that be a good plan,” d’Gaz said and perhaps unsurprisingly the pirates volunteered to be closer to the beach.
“Bloody pirates,” d’Gaz muttered.
And so they walked up the stream one by one stopping.
Mattaeus was the last and the stream looked fresh and healthy. He worried there might be a dead animal further up, but the jungle was too dense to go further. They would just have to hope. He scooped water into the bucket, walked a little way down and handed it to Bell who did the same. Eventually it got to the pirate next to the boat who tipped it into a large barrel and then passed it back along the line. They had three buckets going back and forth like this for the next hour until the shout came that the barrel in each boat was full.
And then the jungle started to move.
“What is it?” Bell asked coming up to Mattaeus.
“Trouble, I expect. Let’s go.”
They hurried down the line meeting Alura.
“Something is here,” she said.
“Time to go,” Mattaeus replied, but then a skeleton emerged from the trees with a rusted sword.
“What, by thunder?” Bell exclaimed.
“To arms,” Mattaeus shouted as more skeletons emerged. They backed down the river, but the skeletons kept coming, closing in. Kaitlin blasted one with a bolt of magic and it fell apart; Mattaeus locked blades and then chopped another down. But then the bones remade themselves and the skeleton was back.
“To the ship,” they heard d’Gaz shout from down the line, but they were being pushed away from the stream and into the jungle.
All around them now were animated skeletons and the fighting was hard in the dense jungle.
“Follow the slope down,” shouted d’Gaz, “it should bring us to the beach,” and he beheaded another skeleton.
They pushed through the undergrowth, battling the skeletons. Connor, not being such a good fighter, cut at the bushes to help them get through. Still he had to fight as skeletons came out in front of them. It seemed they had a minute to pass before it put itself back together.
“What magic is this?” Bell cried out.
“Powerful magic,” Alura shouted back sending another magic bolt into the trees.
And then they burst out onto the beach. They stood there ready, and though no skeletons followed them, they could still see the undergrowth move.
“Where is Ganstal?” d’Gaz asked.
“Slain,” said one of the pirates.
“Where is Kaitlin?” Connor asked in alarm.
“Oh no,” Alura moaned. “Kaitlin!”
“We must go back,” Connor said.
“It’s madness,” d’Gaz said.
“So be it,” Connor said and ran back to the jungle.
“d’Gaz leave a boat here, but get back to the ship, make sure it doesn’t leave,” the Shadow Ranger ordered.
“You go?”
“I do.”
“Be back within an hour or there will be mutiny.”
“So be it,” Mattaeus said and ran after Connor with Bell following.
“Stay, Alura,” d’Gaz said as she began to move. “Protect the boat and your friends as they emerge.”
“It is hard, but wise,” she said.
The Shadow Ranger and Bell joined Connor in fighting the skeletons, Connor was wildly hacking and slashing and moving forward through them.
“They will encircle us,” Bell warned.
“So be it, Forest Ranger,” Mattaeus said.
They tried to get close to Connor, maybe talk some sense into him, but they couldn’t get close because of his whirring blade. Skeletons were everywhere, never ceasing and they fought hard until suddenly they were in a clearing with a sparkling blue pool.
The skeletons did not enter the clearing and Connor turned wildly before sagging.
“Guardian, we must return to the ship,” Mattaeus said.
“Not without Kaitlin.”
“Your bag glows, Shadow Ranger,” Bell said and they all looked at the gold light that pulsed through it.
Slowly Mattaeus put his hand into his bag and pulled out the Dragonstone that pulsed with light.
“A dragon,” he said.
“Here?” asked Connor.
“I can only assume so.”
“Then we must go,” Connor urged.
“Wait,” came a voice.
“d’Gaz you are meant to be aboard ship,’ Mattaeus said.
“I sent Alura back, between her magic and Lucas’ axe it will go nowhere.”
“Why?”
“I know not,” he said and then turned in a circle. “Yes. It is the Pool of Tarkin.”
“It cannot be,” Mattaeus said.
“We can’t waste any more time,” Connor beseeched them.
“d’Gaz?” Mattaeus asked.
“Go. Go and be quick.”
Mattaeus ran to the edge of the clearing and then to another part until the Dragonstone pulsed more strongly.
“This way,” and he, Connor and Bell rushed into the jungle.
“The Pool of Tarkin. Can it be?” d’Gaz asked himself. He looked around again and then went and knelt by the pool. “No reflection.”
%%%
More skeletons were waiting for them; they hacked and slashed, but never stopped moving forward.
“To our left,” Mattaeus shouted following the pulse of the Dragonstone.
They ran and they fought, behind them the slain skeletons were reforming.
“Kaitlin,” Connor shouted over and over.
“This way, Guardian,” Mattaeus commanded.
%%%
“I cannot believe it is true,” d’Gaz knelt by the pool and wept, his tears making tiny splashes. And then the water started to bubble and froth.
%%%
The jungle got thicker, and Connor could not cut through until Bell joined him.
“Hurry,” Mattaeus urged as he fought off skeletons and then they broke through to another clearing. Again the skeletons didn’t follow them, but this time they could see why. A giant yellow dragon sat before them and in front of it stood Kaitlin.
Slowly it raised its head to look at them, but Kaitlin didn’t move.
“Not a step closer,” the dragon said in their heads and then looked at Mattaeus. “A Dragonstone?”
“Given to me by Nagendra.”
“Stolen from,” the dragon said.
“What do you want from her?” Connor asked.
“Protection.”
“She was Nagendra’s protection, search her mind,” Mattaeus said.
The dragon looked back down at Kaitlin.
“So she was; it is hard for me to believe Nagendra is still alive, even more that he would give up his protection.”
“He saw reason,” Bell said.
“Kaitlin,” Connor cried out to her and she turned her head a little.
“Enough,” commanded the dragon. “Enough of these lies.”
“The skeletons are yours,” the Shadow Ranger said. “They are your protection as the Magicians were Nagendra’s.”
The dragon laughed in their heads. “Mostly they are the bones of those who tried to slay me, now I do not think I am worth the hassle.”
“It is a fine plan.”
“And now you have brought to me better protection.”
“Nagendra gave up his protection to help us,” Bell said.
“Yes, you have somehow slain him.”
Mattaeus tossed the Dragonstone down next to Kaitlin. It pulsed brighter and the dragon stooped its long neck to peer at it. As it did so Kaitlin fell to the ground and Connor ran in, grabbed her, and pulled her back.
“What is happening?” she asked.
“I don’t know, but it’s OK, I’ve got you,” Connor said and she smiled up at him.
“Thank you, Connor of the Shed,” she said and smiled tiredly.
The dragon raised her head sharply.
“Step forward, you,” it commanded Mattaeus.
“No,” said Bell.
“It is well,” he replied and stepped forward. The dragon lowered its head so that its snout was almost touching the Shadow Ranger’s nose.
After a minute or so it raised its face to the sky.
“I have been in hiding for so long,” the dragon said. “I do not see the things in front of mine own eyes.”
“We are well, dragon?” Mattaeus asked.
“My name is Delinda and we are well,” the dragon said and she dug into the soil with her foot pulling up a clump of dirt. Amongst it shone a yellow stone. “Take my Dragonstone.”
“You need it not?” Bell asked.
“No,” and Delinda seemed to smile, “there is war coming.”
%%%
From the middle of the pool the water rose up and poured back down until it formed the figure of a woman.
“Murtagh,” the water woman said.
“Princess,” d’Gaz breathed.
“You have found me at last.”
“Why did you hide?”
“You know why. But now you have seeked me out,” and she smiled.
“Yes.”
“No,” the water woman said and looked around. “No, this is not of your doing.”
“But it is good nonetheless, Princess.”
“No. You have not seeked me, you have stumbled upon my resting place.”
“I have,” d’Gaz said and dropped his face to the ground. “I am on a Quest.”
“With him,” she scorned.
“With him,” d’Gaz agreed. “But this Quest could end my Oath, I could be free once again.”
“How can I believe that?”
“We seek to right the Balance.”
“Then you follow him on another foolish escapade.”
“I wish only to be with you.”
“How can you say that?” she asked angrily and the water bubbled around her.
“How could I have been happy?”
“Thousands are the ways, but here now comes your true love,” and with that the water woman dropped back into the pool as Mattaeus walked into the clearing followed by the others.
“d’Gaz,” he said.
He sighed.
“It is well, let us get back to the boat.” 
They saw no more skeletons, but their bones and swords lay scattered around and soon they were back on the beach, pulling the boat out to sea.

CHAPTER XIV

They sailed for another three days. In that time Dylan talked to Kaitlin about magic and she gave him some exercises that might bring out any magic in him. In return he told her about Earth. His Dad spent a lot of time learning to sword fight with either Mattaeus or Bell and other time talking to Kaitlin while they watched the sea go by.
d’Gaz captained his ship, but seemed quieter than before. He spent a lot of time in his cabin talking to Mattaeus and Dylan could see that they were better friends than they sometimes made out. On day three d’Gaz called them all into the cabin and they sat down around the table. 
“We still have the issue of the traitor,” he said. “We have to stop on Onslow Island for supplies and I fear he will strike again.”
“Some of your crew seem disgruntled,” Bell said.
“Yes. They are pirates, but they don’t like danger. The stories of fighting skeletons will have spooked them.”
“You expect to lose them?” Mattaeus asked.
“Some, yes; more if we let the traitor get to their ears.”
“Then we need to find out who he is,” Alura said.
“Not magically now,” d’Gaz said. “If they think you can read their minds we will lose more.”
“Then how is best?” 
“Keep an eye and ear out, whoever it is will make a move now we close on Onslow. I suspect he will try and get the crew to desert, strand us in port while he alerts the Ruling Guards.”
“That cannot happen,” Lucas said.
“Are you coming through the Portal with us?” Dylan asked.
“I suppose you will need a ship’s captain still.”
“Most likely,” Dad agreed.
And so they spent another day listening and watching, there was definitely grumbling from the crew, but no one noticed Dylan as he walked around the ship and no one guarded their words either. From what he could understand they were not happy with a captain who would set them down on a place like the Isle d’Muerte and there seemed to be older gripes about only attacking Chinerthian ships. Some pirates listed other ships that could have made them rich. All in all it seemed like the pirates were no longer happy with d’Gaz as their Captain. 
Dylan found him alone in his cabin just looking out of the window.
“The crew don’t seem very happy with you,” Dylan said.
“Aye. They are a fearful bunch that want money quickly and easily,” d’Gaz said looking over at him. 
“They don’t like that you only attack Chinerthian ships.”
“No, they have no morals, they care not for anyone but themselves.”
 “Well, can’t you tell them that once we arrive at the Port of Silas they are free, or can have a new Captain?”
“Why, young Guardian, a pep talk? It could work to keep them aboard and in doing so foil our traitor.”
%%%
And so later that day d’Gaz stood on the bridge and explained the situation to his crew. There was much murmuring especially when d’Gaz told them they had from here to Silas to agree what they wanted and appoint a Captain who would give it to them. Afterwards d’Gaz went to his cabin where Dylan was looking at the maps on the walls. Over the next hour or so men came in to see d’Gaz and each one talked about his loyalty to d’Gaz and not wanting to see him go. Some said they would leave the ship and d’Gaz urged them to wait until the Port of Silas to do so. He explained that he had an important mission to fulfill and that he wouldn’t be the Captain he had been to them if he denied the Quest he had been asked to join. 
One man told him that there was major support for a man called Jilhelm and one called Martus, but the men couldn’t agree. A third man named Tobias was trying to convince men to desert at Onslow, which made d’Gaz smile.
“Who’s Tobias?” Dylan asked once they were alone.
“He would be our traitor,” d’Gaz said. “Your brilliant plan has forced his hand; he might have succeeded if there wasn’t the promise of taking the ship for themselves at Silas. Now I doubt many will desert and he will have more trouble trying to arrest us.”
“We can’t get arrested,” Dylan said.
“Don’t worry, young Guardian, that will not be happening,” d’Gaz answered with a smile.
“An interesting plan,” Mattaeus said as he entered, “but how do you know they will not take the ship at Onslow?”
“As Dylan here can attest there are still many loyal men aboard the ship, they will stay aboard.”
“And the traitor?”
“He will not get the chance to inform on us.”
“Then it is well. We are about to drop anchor.”
They all went out onto the deck as the boats were being readied. d’Gaz went to choose his men and Dylan looked at the island. From what he could see it was one big mountain surrounded by forest and a town next to a shore that ran with golden beaches. The town looked rickety from a distance, made up of two-storey wooden buildings with thin winding streets.
“What is the port like?” Connor asked as they rowed to shore.
“Same as any port, somewhat grim and dangerous,” Mattaeus said. “There is nothing much to the island; the port is only here as it is a good resting place between the two countries.”
“There’s Dorado,” d’Gaz said.
“What’s Dorado?” Dylan asked.
“It’s a legend,” Bell smiled.
“Maybe, maybe,” d’Gaz mused.
“Some say it is a city made of gold, other tales say diamonds or other precious stones,” Mattaeus explained. “It meant nothing to them, just a building material, but people from other lands came and tried to steal their wealth so they grew an impenetrable forest around the city.”
“What’s ‘impenetrable’?”
“Impenetrable means nothing can get through,” Dad explained.
“Still people tried to get to it,” d’Gaz continued, “so legend says they used magic to build that mountain you see around the city.”
“Really?” asked Dylan and Mattaeus laughed.
“I’ve never seen magic that could build a mountain, it’s just a story.”
“But that doesn’t stop people looking,” d’Gaz said. “Many go into the forest, few come back out.”
Dylan spent the rest of the trip looking at the mountain. Could it be true? He’d seen some magic since coming here and thought that maybe magic could do that, to him magic could do anything. He wanted to go and look for it; sitting on a boat he felt brave, slashing through the forest and fighting monsters.
They pulled the boats up and d’Gaz gave instructions to meet at the Swollen Trout inn, which was close on the street that ran along the water, in one hour and the sailors walked into the port to buy supplies. d’Gaz himself walked into town with three pirates having told Lucas to take Connor and Dylan to the inn and wait.
“Do you think Dorado is real?” Dylan asked Lucas once they had drinks and a snack in front of them.
“That I do not know, there are many tales and legends across the Four Worlds, but I have only heard some of them. I am not a traveller.”
“What’s the farthest you’ve been?” Dad asked.
“Well, probably here,” Lucas said. “I’ve never left Thalm.”
“You’ve never been to any of the other worlds?” Dylan asked.
“I’m just a simple man, I do simple things. I do not like all this travelling; to be truthful I’m a little scared of leaving Sylvae.”
“You’re not scared of anything,” Dylan proclaimed.
“Ahh, it’s OK to be scared sometimes, without fear there can be no bravery.”
“Well said, Lucas,” Mattaeus said sitting down.
“You are back, how much longer do we wait?”
“Not much longer, the hour is nearly nigh.”
“Do you think all the pirates will return?” Connor asked.
“I know not.”
“But we have enough men to sail?”
“Yes, but it would not be easy.”
“Where do you sail to, my friend?” a man at the next table asked. Dylan thought he looked like Lucas, but not as big. He had the same air to him, as did the others at the table.
“That would not be of your business,” Mattaeus said.
“But it would be if we could help man your ship, I could not but overhear your conversation.”
“We need not men.”
“We need to get to the Port of Silas,” the man said.
“That’s where we’re going,” Dylan said.
“Dylan,” warned his Dad. 
“But we are.”
“Well, then it is a fine coincidence,” the man said.
“Why’re you going there?” Dylan asked.
“Well, young man, we’re part of a gang and we need to meet up with our friends there.”
“That’s enough,” Mattaeus said. “We cannot help you.”
“There are plenty of ships coming and going,” Lucas said.
“Yes, yes, but I heard you say pirates. We cannot get on a freighter.”
“You heard wrong if you heard pirates, friend,” Mattaeus warned.
“Why can’t you?’ Dylan asked.
“Do not engage them,” Mattaeus told him.
The man turned away and they sat in silence for some time, drinking their ales. Bell turned up as did a few of the pirates, but none of them sat with the Foreshadow.
“Are we well?” Bell asked.
“We have good ale,” Lucas replied and Bell laughed.
“Then we are well.”
“Bell? It is you,” the man at the other table said.
“You are becoming a grievance,” Mattaeus warned him.
“I know you?” Bell asked.
“It is I, Hallorn,” he said quietly, “we fought together in the Battle of Alban’s Wood.”
“Well, well, it is you.”
“You know them?” Dylan asked.
“I do, he is a Stormcloud,” Bell told the Foreshadow quietly.
“Then I am even more sorry that we can’t help you,” Mattaeus said.
“What is it that they want?” Bell asked.
“Ships passage and nothing more,” Hallorn said and Dylan thought he acted weird with Bell, like Bell was important or something.
“I’m sorry,” Bell said, “but we are on another’s ship, I cannot say yay or nay to your request.”
 “But we have fought with you,” another man at the table said. “Why then, you must help us get back to our leader.”
“Still we cannot,” Mattaeus said and at that point d’Gaz burst in.
%%%
d’Gaz had gone walking through the port with three pirates, one of them being Tobias. They bought supplies at various places and Tobias kept making excuses to leave.
“I need your expertise with something,” d’Gaz would tell him.
“What is it?”
“You will see,” d’Gaz would answer.
“But I do have some things I need to buy before we reach Silas.”
“Such as?”
 “Gifts,” was all Tobias could answer.
This went on for a while until d’Gaz suspected that Tobias realised that his game was up. But it was too late by then.
“Have I not been good to you, Tobias?” d’Gaz asked as they walked ahead of the other two.
“You have, Captain.”
“Then why?”
“Money, Captain, money with no repercussion,” Tobias said, but they had reached a short deserted street and suddenly there as an arrow in his chest. He fell to the ground. “Captain?” he rasped.
“To the boats,” d’Gaz shouted. “We are attacked!” and the other two men ran.
Bell lowered his bow and walked down from the roof he was on. He and d’Gaz had discussed this and now it was time to get to the meeting place. He did not like killing a man in such a way, but he was a traitor, or at least a suspected traitor. 
No, Bell didn’t like it, but his own moral code could not endanger the Quest. 
d’Gaz ran away. He wanted the other men to say it was a trap or a chance meeting with Ruling Guards, that way they would not suspect he had ordered Tobias dead. That could lead to problems on the ship. 
So now he ran as if he was chased and finally came to rest next to the river Jord that ran though the eastern part of the port. If you had class, or the money to buy class, this was where you lived, though in a port such as this class was only comparative to the rest of town. He sat down by the water and looked at the fine houses that ran along the opposite bank when his thoughts were interrupted by the bubbling of water and once again he was face to face with the Water Princess.
“Murtagh, forgive me,” she said.
“For what?”
“I have done something terrible, I was angry with you,” she didn’t look at him.
“What have you done?” d’Gaz asked standing up.
“I was angry with you, I wasn’t thinking, but now I see I should help you.”
“What have you done?” d’Gaz commanded and she looked away to the sea that was visible between buildings.
“I was angry,” she said quietly.
“And so you struck something,” d’Gaz said.
“I did, I am sorry, my love, please let me help you.”
But d’Gaz was running down the hill towards the sea, running towards the Swollen Trout. He saw two of his men and shouted at them to return to the boat. Now! He ran through the streets until he reached the boats, some of his men were loading them and he shouted at them to hurry and then burst into the inn.
“To the boats,” he shouted.
“What is it?” Mattaeus asked.
“To the boats,” he shouted again and they all got up.
“What of the men?” Bell asked.
“No time, go, go,” d’Gaz urged.
“These men can aid our sailing,” Bell said quickly.
“Whatever, whatever, we must go!”
And so the Foreshadow ran to the boats, joined by seven Stormcloud men. They jumped into a boat as the other one was pulling away and Lucas rowed with all his might. He did not know why, but d’Gaz had him scared. 
They skimmed across the water and Dylan could see the Irredeemable swaying a lot and then they too were hitting bigger waves, not big waves, just long swells.
“What is it?” Dylan asked his Dad who was facing to shore.
“Harbour wave,” d’Gaz said. “Look.”
Dylan looked back and the big swells were piling up into one massive breaking wave at the shore.
“Tsunami,” his Dad said quietly as they all watched the port being destroyed by the sea.
“How did you know?” Mattaeus demanded.
“Another time, another time,” d’Gaz lashed back as Lucas rowed closer and closer to the ship.
Even from a distance Dylan could see the water rushing up the beach and up the hill, could see buildings falling over into the water. No one could survive that and they had just been there. How did d’Gaz know? What if he hadn’t? What if they were still there? Dylan shuddered. And watching those waves crash up the island he knew he had to make a decision. He knew that he had to be strong and face these horrors or give up, go home. He was on a Quest and the people around him believed in it. 
They thought it could help millions of people, but was he up to it? Could he really keep seeing these things? He knew in his heart that there would be worse to come and if he couldn’t face this then he couldn’t go on. But he didn’t want to have to face this; it made the bullies at school feel like nothing. If he had known, he would have happily given away his lunch money. That was the easy life. But if he gave up now, who would take him home? They would all have to go back and all their hopes would finish; they would just be back at the beginning as if nothing had happened. And so with great determination and a sick feeling in his stomach, Dylan James turned his back on the island of Onslow and the destruction that was happening and watched the Pirate Ship Irredeemable draw closer.

CHAPTER XV

Now they had the long sail over open water. Dylan was horrified to hear that it would take them around a month to get there. What was he going to do on a boat for a month? 
The first week though was quite interesting, he could still walk around the ship unnoticed and overheard the crew talking. A number of them were frightened by the skeletons and the harbour wave. They wanted d’Gaz and the Foreshadow off the ship, but they knew they were outnumbered. Some were suspicious of Tobias’ death even though the two sailors who saw it told them d’Gaz had nothing to do with it. There were then still arguments about what to do once they did reach Silas and d’Gaz left the ship. d’Gaz talked to them on the third day saying he knew of their fears and promised that nothing would befall them, but if they wanted to be sure then they should work hard to reach Silas as soon as possible.
Because they had left Onslow so quickly not all the pirates had made it back, either because they were slow or had decided to jump ship; so now Bell, Mattaeus and Lucas worked as sailors along with the seven Stormcloud men they had picked up. Actually, as Dylan watched them he saw that two of them were women. Not like Kaitlin or Alura though, these women looked and acted tough and Dylan wondered what kind of gang the Stormclouds were.
“What’s a Stormcloud?” he asked one of the men tying a rope.
“Do not say that name too loudly, there,” the man said.
“Why not?”
“The Stormclouds are mercenaries, not well liked by all.”
“What do you do?”
“We are hired by people to do things,” the man shrugged and tightened is knot. “Then, wherever we can we fight the Chinerthians; we wish to see our peoples free.”
“What kind of things do you do for people?”
“Different things, we try to do good, but it is not always possible.”
“Like what?”
“I have jobs to do, young master,” he said and walked away. 
Dylan stayed there and looked out into the empty sea. He liked the Stormclouds, they sounded like a good gang. Going around helping people and fighting evil, a bit like Robin Hood. He wondered if maybe the Stormclouds could help them, and thought he should ask his Dad.

“Battle of Alban’s Wood?” the Shadow Ranger asked as they washed the deck.
“We were foolish,” Bell replied.
“But you had to try; you couldn’t accept that which was wrong.”
“I had a very small part to play.”
“And is it linked to your Oath? Being a Defender of the Forest Way?”
“There is no story here.”
“But you said you would tell me if we survived the dragon’s lair,” Mattaeus grinned at him.
“I said maybe I would share. You missed a spot. Come on, I don’t want to be scrubbing into the night,” Bell shook his head, but shot Mattaeus a smile as they got back to working.
%%%
And so the days passed with no great excitement, Dylan looked at maps in d’Gaz’s cabin, watched other ships as they went by, walked around the ship and practiced his magic exercises. At one point his hand felt tingly, but he didn’t know if that was magic or pins and needles and then another time his hand seemed to glow, but again it could have been the Sun through the clouds or the ripples of the sea. So the second week went by and then on the third week the pirates seemed to be happier and d’Gaz told him that they had made good time and would be at port by the end of the week.
The next day they all met again in the cabin along with Hallorn.
“So we need to decide what we are doing once we hit shore,” d’Gaz said.
“What is it that you are doing?” Hallorn asked.
“I don’t think you need to bother yourself with it,” Bell said. “Better that you tell us your plans and then go back on deck.”
“But perhaps we can help you?”
“We?” Dad asked.
“They’re Stormclouds, Dad, they do things to help people, fight the Chinerthians.”
“We do need all the help we can get,” Dad said.
“I would have to agree with Connor,” Alura agreed.
“No,” Mattaeus said. “Enough people know already.”
“Then don’t tell me, tell Thunderground,” Hallorn said. “Bell here can vouch for him.”
“Perhaps. What would be your plan otherwise?”
“Well we, in like, must be secretive, we will leave your ship and find our own ways back.”
“Very well,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Please do not take offence that we ask you to leave, I am sure you would welcome our Quest, but we cannot have too many mouths at this time.”
“So be it. You have already been kind enough to give us passage,” Hallorn said and then got up and left.
“Well?” d’Gaz asked.
“He is right, we could use the help of the Stormclouds,” Bell said.
“But aren’t they mercenaries?” Kaitlin asked.
“They are, but they fight the Chinerthians every chance they get.”
“Freedom fighters,” Dad said.
“Yes,” replied Bell.
“With or without their help, what do we do?” Lucas asked.
“As Btolomy said, we need to free the True King,” Mattaeus said.
“That would just alert the Black Queen,” d’Gaz shook his head.
“No, they will try and solve the problem before they contact higher authorities.”
“No one will want to answer to the Black Queen,’ Lucas smiled.
“No, indeed.”
“Could we also cut off their communications?” Connor asked.
“We could, but again that would risk making the Black Queen aware before we are ready,” Mattaeus said.
“There is nothing we can do that will not arouse the Black Queen at some point,” Bell said.
“Then it is timing,” Alura said. “I think Mattaeus is right that the local authorities will try and solve the problem themselves for as long as they can, that will buy us time to get through the Portal. 
“Along the way we cut their communications giving the True King more time to rally his armies, by the time a major Chinerthian force is deployed Sylvae will be ready.”
“It is good, but Sylvae cannot hold a defending pattern forever,” Lucas said thinking of the Mountain City.
“No,” Mattaeus agreed, “but if you can persuade the Hokinoians to join our fight we can push forward.”
“Then we can use the Stormclouds,” Bell said. “Have them as a forward fighting party.”
“It would be well,” d’Gaz agreed.
“What if the True King won’t fight?” Connor asked. “What if he merely wants the Portal himself?”
“That we will not think of,” Kaitlin said quietly.
d’Gaz opened the door and called Hallorn in.
“We will come with you to see Thunderground,” Mattaeus told him.
“It is well,” Hallorn answered. “What are your intentions, may I be so bold?”
“We are here together to destroy the Chinerthian grip and return the Balance,” Bell said and Hallorn looked at each one of them intently.
“Your faces say that this is a True Intent, I believe we can be of service to your Quest.”
CHAPTER XVI

The Port of Silas looked to Dylan to be like the other ports he had seen except much bigger. d’Gaz told him it was a deep water port which meant that they could sail right up to it and Dylan could see the masts of many ships as they got closer. 
“What country is this?” Dylan asked looking at different maps.
“It is Bancealem, the Capital Country.”
“Is it like Thalm?”
“It is bigger than Thalm, here,” d’Gaz pulled out a map, “you see Thalm is here a little further away than the other countries of Sylvae, but maybe the third or fourth biggest. Thalm is seen as a little backwards, more trees than civilization.”
“The other countries don’t have forests?”
d’Gaz laughed. “Oh they do, this world is covered in them, but the joke is that Thalm has more trees than people.”
“It’s not a very funny joke.”
“No. No maybe not,” d’Gaz frowned.
There was a knock on the door and d’Gaz’s second in command poked his head around the door.
“The men wish you to speak, Captain.”
“Very well.”
d’Gaz stood by the wheel, above the men who stood on the deck.
“Well, we come to an end of our adventures together. Some of you will be happy to see the back of me; some will feel differently. So be it. At the very least you have made money under my command as those who retired and gave their berths to you did, but now I shall give up the command of this ship. My ship. 
“I have travailed all through this world and seen many glorious and terrifying things. I have shared the woes and joys of my crew, the loves and losses. I am sad to leave both you, my crew, and this vessel that for so long I have called home.
“Perhaps now I can sleep in a comfortable bed and dine with civilized people,” there were some laughs and someone called out ‘You wish’, as another called out ‘It does become you’. “Settle down now. Have you chosen a Captain to replace me?”
There were shouts of ‘aye’.
“And does this Captain agree to the plans that you have made?” 
More shouts of agreement.
“Then let him step up to me,” d’Gaz said and a man walked out of the crowd and up the steps. 
“So, Martus, you have been chosen.”
“Aye, Captain.”
“Are you willing to take the responsibility of these men, their lives and this ship?”
“I am, Captain.”
“Then take the wheel and lead us into the port. Once I set foot upon solid ground you are the new Captain of the Irredeemable.
 “Here’s to swimming with bow legged women,” d’Gaz cried and there were shouts and cheers from the men.
“No tears, Murtagh?” Mattaeus asked with a smile as d’Gaz came down to the deck.
“Be away with you,” d’Gaz replied as he walked to his cabin.
Kaitlin, Connor and Dylan stood at the front, or bow, of the ship and watched the port draw closer. Dylan could see that the buildings here were of stone and seemed much nicer than the ones in Onslow. In fact the whole town looked nicer, at least from a distance, and stretched along the water and back up a series of low hills.
“We have done so much and yet our Quest is only just beginning,” Connor said.
“It will be well, we are strong,” Kaitlin laid a hand on his arm.
“We’ll be alright, Dad,” Dylan said and put an arm around his Dad. 
He didn’t like Kaitlin touching his Dad like that, didn’t like how much time they spent together on the boat. But then Dad seemed happier than he had for a long time and Dylan didn’t want his Dad to be sad. 
But then he didn’t want anyone taking Dad away from him; he didn’t want to share him. Who was this woman? She wasn’t Mum so Dad shouldn’t act like she was. But when she smiled at him he smiled back and Dylan didn’t know what to feel. He wanted to tell her to go away, but he liked to see his Dad smile. He squeezed his Dad and went to look for Lucas; Lucas was nice, but he was simple, he didn’t have these problems and Dylan didn’t want to feel them.
%%%
And so they docked and Dylan set foot upon the Capital Country of Bancealem. The Port of Silas was loud and busy just like the other ports he had been to, but here there were more stone buildings and there were people dressed much nicer than anywhere else they had been. They walked away from the ship and Dylan couldn’t help but look at everything, the stone houses seemed new and strange and that was weird because every building on Earth was built from stone or concrete. Had he been away so long that the forests felt normal to him? 
What if he was away so long that he couldn’t remember what Earth was like? Or they got home and it didn’t feel like home anymore? This worried Dylan more than the fact that they were going to rescue the True King. To be honest, he was trying not to think about that, or travelling to yet another new world.
Despite all that was happening in Silas they walked straight through and to the outskirts where, up on a hill, d’Gaz had a house. It was two storeys high and made of both stone and wood. It was big and Dylan realised that pirating must be well paid, and then he realised that d’Gaz stole the money to build this house. But it was from the Chinerthians so that was OK. Or was it? It was still stealing, but then the money they were using Bell and Lucas had stolen and they needed that. What was right? Having stolen money to do good, or not stealing? This was never explained in his Robin Hood stories.
They went into the house, which had a large lounge room and made themselves comfortable on couches, chairs and rugs on the floor. The walls were covered in paintings of ships and the sea as well as more maps. d’Gaz disappeared into another room with the things he had brought from the ship and then went and made them hot drinks that tasted like tea.
“Firstly we need horses,” he said. “Hallorn and I will go and buy some,” of the Stormclouds only Hallorn was with them, the rest had disappeared as soon as they were off the ship.
“Yes,” agreed Mattaeus, “and then we go to the Stormclouds.”
“How do we know where the King is?” Dylan asked.
“He should be where is has always been, but I will go out and check with my contacts here,” Mattaeus told him.
So they drank their teas and then d’Gaz, Hallorn and the Shadow Ranger left. Dylan wandered around looking at the paintings and Lucas went outside to look around, make sure the house was safe.
“One thing I don’t understand,” said Dad. “Why haven’t they just killed the True King?”
“They can’t,” Kaitlin said.
“Why not?”
“The Oaths we take are serious and Binding,” Bell told him. “Take Lucas and his Oath to protect your son. That is not just a promise, he can’t try, can’t be too sick or sleepy, he must protect him. He is bound to his Oath.
“While the King is alive, he, all of us, are bound to that, no one else can become King.”
“So you see?” Kaitlin asked. “By keeping him alive no one else can become a true figurehead to the World, no one can truly unite the people and lead a rebellion against the Chinerthians.”
“I understand,” Dad said. “Well, no, I understand what you are saying, but I still do not fully understand the Oaths and Pledges.”
“All in good time, Fifth Worlder,” Alura said.
“You fought with d’Gaz, right?” Dylan asked sitting down.
“I did, to defend the Port.”
“What was it like? War?”
“Well young Dylan of the Shed, it was not fun. Many good and ordinary people died to protect their country.”
“Then why did you do it?”
Alura gave a brief smile. “Well, for the same reason you are doing this. Do you want your World to become part of a war?”
“No. There are already too many wars on Earth.”
“You are a warring people?”
“I’m not,” Dylan protested. “Dad says war is bad, that it comes from people being greedy.”
“Your Father is a wise man,” Alura smiled.
“I know,” said Dylan. “But, no, I don’t understand. Aren’t we starting a war?”
“Yes and no,” Kaitlin answered. “What we are doing will lead to war, but not because we start it. And we hope to prevent another bigger war.”
“With Earth?”
“Yes. From what your Father has told me, any attempts to go through the Portal will end with the Fifth Worlders coming through to take our Worlds.”
“No, we are good people,” Dylan said, but then thought of all the wars on Earth, thought about Brandon Cole and the bullies. 
Maybe the people of Earth weren’t that good, weren’t that nice. But he was nice, his Dad was nice. He frowned and Kaitlin knelt in front of him. He didn’t like it, it was too close, too personal.
“You are a good man, Dylan of the Shed, you are doing this to help our Worlds, to help us. You and your Father,” she looked up at his Dad and his Dad smiled. 
He didn’t like that. Who did she think she was? He thought about the Deer Woman and his Mum. It seemed anything was possible here, so maybe it was possible to find his Mum. His Dad had said she went to a better place and Dylan had said they should go and find it, but Dad said they couldn’t find it, there were no maps. But d’Gaz had lots of maps, he had looked at them all, maybe here they could find this ‘better place’.
“I’m going to find Lucas,” he said, got up and went outside.
“I should go with him,” Connor said.
“Leave him be,” Kaitlin replied.
“But…”
“He is dealing with big changes for a small boy.”
Connor looked at her and smiled and then frowned. “He is. Too much.”
%%%
“There you are Dylan of the Shed,” Lucas said. He was looking down the hill at a thick forest. On the other side lay the port and in the distance, beyond the trees, Dylan could just make out another town.
“Do you like the Twin Magicians?” Dylan asked.
“Why yes, they seem fine to me, a good addition to our Quest.”
“I don’t.”
“No?” Lucas looked down at him.
“I dunno. I don’t want to go on a Quest, I want to find my Mum.”
“Your Mother? Where is she?”
“Dad said she’s gone to a better place, somewhere with no maps.”
“Oh,” Lucas said and felt sad for the boy.
“But d’Gaz has lots of maps, I bet we could find her,” Dylan looked up at his Protector.
“Well, yes, maybe so, but one thing at a time, you do not think?”
“I dunno, I guess.”
“Come,” Lucas kneeled down, “sit on my shoulders to get a better view,” and Dylan climbed up.
“Would you help me find her?”
“I would help you do anything,” Lucas said. “We could roam the World like this,” and then he started running around the house. Dylan grabbed hold of Lucas’ head and screamed and then laughed.
“Faster,” he shouted.
%%%
By the time d’Gaz got back with horses, Hallorn had just returned and Mattaeus was telling them what his contact had said.
“Ahh, d’Gaz, I was just saying that the True King is still held at Articus.”
“As I feared,” d’Gaz replied.
“Where are Lucas and Dylan?”
“Playing hide and find, I believe, though the Man Mountain is not hard to find,” d’Gaz grinned.
“I’ll go fetch them,” Kaitlin said and left.
“It will not be easy,” Alura told them.
“It was never going to be easy,” Mattaeus replied.
“The Stormclouds will help, we should go to them,” Hallorn said.
“Yes,” Mattaeus agreed. “It is our next order of business.”
“What plans are afoot?” Lucas asked from the door.
“We ride, Man Mountain, I got you a big horse, I hope it will forgive me,” d’Gaz grinned.
“Is there no magic to shut him up?” Lucas asked looking at Alura.
“Believe me I have tried,” she sighed.
%%%
The next day they set out early and rode away from the port. Connor had wanted Dylan to ride with him, but Lucas had insisted that Dylan was with him. Connor didn’t like it, he liked that Dylan had someone to protect him, but he felt that that person should be him. He felt useless in his job as a father; that someone else had to protect Dylan because he couldn’t. But he knew that in these worlds that was true. He didn’t understand them, didn’t know what creatures or enemies were out there. 
Still he didn’t like it. 
He thought about telling Kaitlin how he was feeling, but he didn’t know if she would want to hear it. He liked her, she was kind and caring, but he had only known her a short time. He couldn’t help but think she would make a good mother for Dylan. He still loved his wife very much, but he knew that Dylan needed a mother, that he couldn’t grow up just listening to Dad. 
Kaitlin wasn’t the first woman he had thought about like this; it seemed more and more lately that he thought about the women he met that way. Would she make a good mother for Dylan? But he could never bring himself to take the next step and so each relationship fizzled out. 
The roads were good and wide and busy with carts coming in and out of the port. They rode as fast as they could and Dylan was both scared and excited sitting in front of Lucas. He held on to the big horse’s mane tightly and felt a long way from the ground that blurred under his feet. He tried not to look down.
They saw a lot of Ruling Guards as they rode and they slowed down every time they passed some, but thankfully they were never stopped and questioned. 
After maybe two hours they slowed down and Hallorn took the lead. They trotted along until there was no one in sight and then Hallorn led them into the forest. Here they had to go slower, it took them half an hour to find a path and when they did it was overgrown by the trees around it. After another hour or so Dylan spotted a man in the trees. He was well hidden, but Dylan saw him as he moved slightly. 
“There are men in the trees,” Dylan whispered.
“No doubt, Dylan,” Lucas whispered back. “Stormcloud watchmen, we are growing close.”
And yes, suddenly Hallorn stopped and they did the same. In front of him stood two men dressed in green and armed with bows and arrows.
“Ahh, greetings, Hallorn,” one of the men said and lowered his weapon. “You have made it.”
“We have, with few troubles.”
“And no one following us,” Mattaeus rode up from the rear.
“We know,” the man said. “Pass by, Thunderground awaits you,” and with that they disappeared back into the trees.
CHAPTER XVII

They were deep in the forest now and the trees were thick around them, but they came to a clearing. Dylan could see that the trees had been chopped down to make it and to make the small huts that were inside it. It wasn’t a big clearing but it was full of busy people. Some were carrying wood, some were cooking at a fire in the centre, others were sword fighting.
They got off their horses as they entered the clearing and two men came to take them away somewhere. Hallorn led them through the camp and just about everyone stopped and looked at them. Dylan felt a little uncomfortable as everyone, men and women, looked mean like fighters. But no one said or did anything and they reached a larger hut with two men standing guard.
“Hallorn,” one said. “You are all expected, go in.”
Inside the hut another smaller fire was burning and the smoke went out a hole in the thatched roof. The other side of the fire sat a big man in large furs. He looked up from the fire when they came in and Dylan could see he had long sandy coloured hair and quite a long beard.
“Well, well, look who we have here,” the man said in a deep voice. “The Shadow Ranger and the Defender of the Forest Way.”
“Hello again, Perr,” Mattaeus said.
“It’s been awhile, where have you been skulking?”
“Here and there.”
“Hmm,” Thunderground grunted. “And you Bell? How is the farming life?”
“It suits me.”
“Rubbish. You are a fighter not a farmer.”
“Things change, Perr.”
“And who is this rabble you bring to my camp?”
“This is Lucas; Connor and Dylan of the Shed and the Twin Magicians, Alura and Kaitlin and finally d’Gaz.”
“How do we go?” Lucas asked
“It is well with you all. My men have told me that you gave them passage, I thank you. Do sit,” and they sat on the logs arranged around the fire. “So, the Pirate d’Gaz, I have heard a lot about you.”
“Not all of it is true,” d’Gaz replied.
Thunderground gave a short laugh. “I know propaganda when I see it, Pirate.”
“Pirate no longer,” d’Gaz told him.
“It all gets more and more interesting, doesn’t it?”
“You have not yet heard the full tale, Perr,” Mattaeus said.
“Well what are you waiting for then?”
Mattaeus went through the story again as Thunderground listened silently.
“Fifth Worlders, huh?” he said looking at Connor and Dylan.
“How do we go?” Connor asked him and Thunderground laughed.
“Well, well, you are picking up our ways, I see. It is well, Connor of the Shed and with you Dylan.”
“Thank you,” Dylan replied.
“Enough with the pleasantries, I like your plan, well I like the idea of your plan,” Thunderground said. “It seems this is the one, best time we have to overthrow the Chinerthian hold, but it is of such magnitude, I cannot imagine doing it.”
“It is well spoken,” Bell said. “But we can only and must try.”
“Words it is good to hear you say, Protector, so what is it that you would have us do?”
“Firstly we need your help in freeing the True King,” Mattaeus explained. “Then you will need to go ahead, to lay plans and ease the way for the Foreshadow.”
“I will have to call Council with my troops; for now you should eat and rest.”
Ate they did and then sat around the fire in the middle of the camp. Mattaeus seemed to know people and went and talked while Dylan sat between Lucas and Bell listening to the conversations they were having with Stormclouds.
“Why does Thunderground have a last name and you don’t?” Dylan asked Bell.
“Well, in this world our second names are a description of who we are or what we do. So if your Father was well known in his town or village you might call yourself Connorson, ‘son of Connor’, so that everyone would know who you were. 
“Take Lucas, his second name was Guardsman of the Mountain City, but now his job has changed so he is Lucas Protector of the Guardian.”
“That’s why you call us ‘of the Shed’.”
“Exactly.”
“So why is his second name ‘Thunderground’?”
“That I do not know; it is perhaps something better not to know.”
Dylan nodded and looked back into the fire. After a while Kaitlin brought him a hot drink.
“It will help you sleep and feel refreshed in the morning.”
“Thank you,” he took the drink and held it in his hands, the night was getting cold. She sat down next to him as Bell had left with Mattaeus to talk with Thunderground.
“How are you feeling?” she asked.
“Fine, I guess.”
“It must all be very strange for you.”
“I guess,” he shrugged.
“It is strange for me too, this idea of fighting.”
“I thought you had fought before. With d’Gaz.”
“Alura more than I, she is a fighter, I am not.”
“But now we’ll have all these Stormclouds to help us.”
“Hopefully, yes, that will increase our chances.”
“Only hopefully? They might not help?”
“We cannot assume. It is a difficult path we choose to tread.”
“Then why do you?” Dylan just couldn’t see why anyone would choose to do this. If he could have chosen he would have stayed at home, not gone to war.
“The same reason we all are, we must find our Balance.”
%%%
The next morning the sun was up when Dylan awoke. It must be about midmorning, he thought. The drink that Kaitlin had given him had really worked; he had slept long and felt really good, not sore and tired. He wondered if there had been magic in the drink, he didn’t like the idea of putting magic in his body. 
He got up, dressed and went outside, the day was warm and flies buzzed around. In the trees birds sang and fluttered around. People were all talking in little groups, but the Foreshadow of Balance stood in another group and watched. Except Lucas who was standing there next to his door.
“What’s happening?”
“They are deciding whether they want to join us or not.”
“They just seem to be talking.”
“Well, yes, they are. Each talks with others he or she wants to talk to and then some who are higher up are going from group to group to see what they think.”
“Some people are higher up than others?”
“Come let us join the others, Bell or the Shadow Ranger can explain better than I,” and they walked over to the Foreshadow.
“Dylan is interested in the hierarchy here.”
“Well as I remember,” Bell said, “most of them are troops, called Rainmakers, then there is a smaller number of lieutenants called Lightningstrikes and then there is the chief, the Lord Stormcloud.”
Dylan laughed.
“What is it?”
“They’re pretty corny names.”
“I wouldn’t let them hear you say that,” Dad said and smiled.
“No, I guess not,” he blushed a little.
Dylan watched and, yes, he could see some men and women walking between the little groups. There were nods and shakes and words spoken, everything seemed quite polite and he thought you couldn’t really argue when you lived so close to each other. That was the same with the Foreshadow, they were too close to fight, it would ruin everything. But how could they not argue? How could they all believe the same thing, agree on everything? Once again everything just seemed too hard.
“They’re going in to see Thunderground,” Alura noted.
“Now we see how far our plan goes,” d’Gaz said.
It was not a good time for Dylan, waiting to see. What if they decided not to help? They wouldn’t give up, but everything was going to be much harder. 
Last night he felt happy going to bed, maybe it was the drink, but he was sure that the Stormclouds would join them. They fought the Chinerthians, why wouldn’t they try to stop them once and for all? But now they were talking about it, like they didn’t want to go, what else would they need to talk about? He felt a little sick in his stomach at the thought of carrying on without them now.
And then Hallorn came out of the hut and motioned for them to come over. The Shadow Ranger, Bell and d’Gaz entered the hut and again they were left to wait for a decision.
“I hope they say yes,” Dylan said.
“So do I,” Dad agreed.
“Well we set out to do this alone, if they say no we have not lost anything,” Lucas mused.
Bell came out and nodded for them to enter. Dylan felt like his heart was in his throat. Thunderground, Mattaeus and d’Gaz sat together, but none of the others sat down.
“It has been decided to join this Quest,” Thunderground said and Dylan nearly fell over with relief. “There are some here who do not want to join a war, they are used to living on the outskirts of society, but realize the importance of this time. 
“They will go far and wide in this land to gather the True King’s troops together. The rest of us will go with you to free the True King and after that my elite ‘Strikes will follow me through the Portal ahead of the Foreshadow.”
“Thank you so much, sir,” Connor said.
“The Stormclouds do not know you, Guardian of the Shed, they do not do it for you, but for the Freedom of All, that is our sworn Oath.”
“I understand, but I’m still grateful to have the help.”
“Oh, Guardian, you are truly unaware of whom you have in your Quest,” Thunderground said. “You do not need our help; we give it for our Oath.”
“I don’t understand, who do we have on our Quest?” Dylan asked and looked around. He knew who was on his Quest, so how could they not know? Was there someone else?
“It is not coincidence that these people have gathered around you, young Guardian, it is some of the reason the Stormclouds have chosen as they have.”
Dylan looked at the people around him, but he still didn’t really understand.
“Right, so where are we going now?” Dad asked.
Thunderground gave a laugh. “Not so fast, Guardian, we need to prepare and I will not send my people out on such a Quest without a feast first.”
Connor wanted to say something, wanted to say that there wasn’t time for such things, but he was a stranger in a strange world and could not argue. He just wanted to get on with it, get it done one way or the other and get his son home.
“Let us prepare for the journey ahead,” Mattaeus said and stood.
They all walked out of the hut, but Kaitlin asked for a word with Thunderground. Dad looked back at her, but she waved him to go. Dylan wondered what was going on, wondered what was going on between his Dad and this Magician.
But she was nice, nice to him; he couldn’t be mean to her. But he, well, it just didn’t seem right. His Mum could be here somewhere, his Dad should think about that. What if they did find her and Dad was laughing with Kaitlin? That would hurt his Mum’s feelings. They had the Stormclouds now, they would understand if he and his Dad went to find his Mum. 
Everything was busy in the camp now and there was no time to talk to his Dad who had already gone off with Bell. He sighed. Again nothing for him to do. 
“What is wrong?” Lucas asked.
“Doesn’t matter, I guess.”
“Let’s practice sword fighting. You’ve learnt how to use a sword now.
“Why?” did they really expect him to fight?
“Just in case you need to defend yourself.”
“I have one here,” he said and pulled aside his coat.
“Well, I hadn’t noticed that, when did you get it?”
“Er, from Bell I guess. It was with the clothes you gave us?”
“I am not the sharpest tool in the box,” Lucas shrugged. “Let me show you a few actual fighting techniques.”
They walked to an empty area and Dylan started to pull his sword.
“Oh, no, not yet,” Lucas said and went to the edge of the forest and came back with two branches. He stripped the leaves off of them and gave one to Dylan. “First we practice with these so we don’t hurt ourselves. This is how my Father taught me.”
“OK.”

CHAPTER XVIII

And so through the afternoon they practiced whilst all around them the Stormclouds went about their own preparations. Some left then, but most stayed and as the day wore on they started preparing for the evenings feast.
Late in the afternoon Perr Thunderground called them all together to listen. He asked that the Foreshadow of Balance join him and they did, standing in a loose semi-circle behind him.
“Stormclouds,” Thunderground began, “all those who stand before me, and those that have left. Those that went before us and those who are to come. You have all sworn an Oath for the Freedom of All.”
There were shouts of agreement from the Stormclouds.
“Perhaps now though there will not be any coming after us, for we have decided to join in this Quest to regain the Balance and in succeeding there will be no more use for the Stormclouds.”
There were cheers from the crowd and Dylan was amazed that they were happy to no longer have a job. Well, it wasn’t a job, he guessed.
“We have been given this chance to fulfill our Oath and I am well pleased with you that you have chosen to follow the path given to us by the meeting of these men and women. They have sworn their Oaths and been called the Foreshadow of Balance. Some you know or have heard of, some you have fought alongside.
“The Shadow Ranger,” Thunderground pointed behind himself at Mattaeus and a murmur ran through the Stormclouds. “Bell, the Protector of the Forest Way,” and there were nods and murmurs of greeting. “This is the legendary Pirate d’Gaz whose ship the Irredeemable fought and looted many a Chinerthian ship,” there were some cheers. “These are the Twin Magicians, whom some of you will have heard stories. This is Lucas Protector of the Guardian and so this is why we are here.
“This is Connor of the Shed, Guardian of the Portal and his son, Dylan, Guardian and Creator of the Portal. He may be but a boy, but he has given us this opportunity to fulfill our Oath. Will you Stormclouds follow him and his destiny?”
There was silence, everyone seemed to be looking at him. What was this? He wasn’t anything. He didn’t open the Portal, it just did. People couldn’t follow him; he didn’t know where they were going or what they were going to do. He was just a boy and now everyone was looking at him. Maybe they didn’t want to follow him. He could understand that. And then someone spoke up, it was Hallorn.
“I am ready and willing,” he said.
“The Freedom of All,” someone shouted and then there was a cheer and as one they all shouted ‘the Freedom of All’.
“Again he may be but a boy,” Thunderground declared, “but if he can open a Portal, if he can give us this chance, if he can come into a strange world and fight for the Freedom of All, then how can we sit by? How can we not fight and give our all?” 
The Stormclouds went wild with cheering and shouting and Thunderground raised his arms for silence.
“I will not lie to you, we will not all meet again in this realm, but we will die for a cause, something that most people cannot or do not do. I will not then send you out without one last feast and the hope that we will feast together once more either here or in the Thither,” again cheers and again he raised his arms for silence. “And it has been told unto me that this day has another reason for celebration, it is the young Guardians Celebration of Passing. He is eleven years old today,” and more cheering.
Dylan looked up at his Dad who smiled back at him and nodded. It was his birthday? He had not kept track of time or days since leaving Earth. Kaitlin put an arm around him and squeezed.
“Your Father told me and so I told Thunderground, I hope you don’t mind?”
“It’s my birthday?”
His Dad came to him, knelt down and gave him a hug.
“Happy birthday, son, I love you so much, I can’t believe how strong you have grown up to be,” and Dylan could see that his Dad was crying.
“To Feast!” Thunderground declared and with a cheer everyone departed.
%%%
There was a lot of food and ale as the sun went down and the Stormclouds seemed genuinely happy despite what they were going to do tomorrow. There was singing and dancing and talking late into the night.
Through the night people came up to Dylan to talk to him and worse to Pledge Allegiance to him. They would place a hand to their heart and one to their forehead and thank him for this chance and Pledge their very best to seeing his Quest complete. Others simply wished him a happy birthday. It was altogether too much for him. 
The Foreshadow came to him through the night to wish him a happy birthday and to apologise for not getting him a gift, they did not know. Finally his Dad came and sat with him. They didn’t talk, but his Dad kept an arm around him.
“Eleven years old,” his Dad finally said. “I can’t believe it.”
“How do you know?” Dylan asked.
“Why every day since we left I wake up and tell myself the date so that I know,” his Dad looked off into the trees. “Everything is so strange, I want to keep a link to Earth, you know?”
“Yes,” Dylan did know, he thought about it a lot.
“I’m sorry this is happening to you, Son, it’s not exactly what I had in mind for you.”
“It’s OK, Dad, it’s not your fault.”
“No, but still…”
“Sometimes I want to go home and sometimes I think about it and there doesn’t seem to be anything to go back to.”
Connor looked down at his son. “Yes, I feel the same.”
“Happy birthday, young man,” a random Stormcloud said as he walked past.
“I think I’m going to find some peace and quiet,” Dylan told his Dad.
“Fair enough,” his Dad smiled at him. 
Dylan found Kaitlin sitting on a log alone away from the group and he sat next to her.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“Just thinking, young Guardian,” she smiled down at him.
“You can call me Dylan, that’s my name.”
“OK then, Dylan it is.”
“What are you thinking about?”
“Many things. This Quest has a lot of questions and answers for all of us.”
“I don’t really understand,” Dylan said and shivered.
“It is cold away from the fire,” Kaitlin said and took the blanket off her lap and wrapped it around him.
He could remember talking a little bit, remember snuggling up against her, but he did not remember falling asleep.
%%%
The morning Sun was bright and laid down a green hue through the trees as Dylan got out of his bed. How had he gotten there? Kaitlin or Dad must have put him there. 
He wandered out of the hut and could see the remains of the great fire now just black ash. The rest of the camp seemed quiet with just a few people walking around tidying things away or packing perhaps. As always Lucas was standing by the door.
“Ah, awake again, good. It is nearing the time of our leaving.”
“Where are we going?”
“Like you, young Guardian, I am just following the lead. Come,” Lucas said and began walking away.
The Foreshadow of Balance were standing around a group of horses that were carrying their bags.
“Ahh, here we are,” said Bell.
“Morning,” Dylan said.
“Morning, Dylan,” Dad and Kaitlin said at the same time and then looked at each other and smiled.
“You are well rested, young Guardian?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“I am, thank you.”
“Good, then we must ride. We have a long way to cover.”
With that they mounted horses and rode out of the clearing.
Dylan again rode with Lucas and after a while they came up alongside Bell. The road here was much wider and the trees did not protect them from the warming sun.
“Where is everyone else?” Dylan asked Bell.
“They went ahead early; I honestly do not know that we could have done this without the Stormcloud’s help.”
“Where have they gone?”
“All across the land, those that you saw at camp will now destroy it.”
“Why?”
“So that no one knows where the Stormclouds have been.”
“Do you really think we can do this?”
Bell smiled at him. “We will find out at the end of this road.”
%%%
Connor was riding ahead with Mattaeus and d’Gaz.
“I don’t understand one thing,” Connor said.
“Only one thing? I am impressed,” d’Gaz laughed.
“They can’t kill the King, right?”
“Right,” replied Mattaeus. “To do so would mean another could become King.”
“But have they not captured his whole family? I mean couldn’t a son become an acting King?”
“His whole family is taken, yes, no doubt killed, but that is not the way of things.”
“To be a King or Queen,” d’Gaz explained, “is about taking on the responsibility, to fully and totally commit yourself to the land and people. In a way anyone can become King.”
“So why doesn’t someone?”
“For one we are all bound by the Oath the True King has taken, but even if he were to die it is still difficult to find someone pure enough to take such an Oath,” Mattaeus took over.
“Why?”
“They must be able to make the Oath truly committing to it. They cannot pass if they want the crown for any reason other than the true Oath. And then there is the people’s Oath of Allegiance. The people must be able and willing to take that Oath.”
“A King or Queen is a difficult thing to find on Sylvae,” d’Gaz grinned.
“You said it,” Connor replied.
%%%
They rode on for hours until they stopped. Dylan was grateful to get off the horse, his legs and bum were killing him. He walked around stretching as did the others before setting out something to eat.
“This then is the plan, once again,” the Shadow Ranger said after they had eaten. “We travel not much further to the town of Maelem’s Square where we will meet up with Stormclouds to get information. From there we will head to the Capital City to prepare and then on to the Prison of Articus.
“Many things will, Righteous willing, happen all at once and the City will rebel. From there we head to Talon’s Fall and wait for the Armies of Chinerthia to try and quell us. Once they are defeated we will continue to Hokino.”
“You make it all sound so simple,” Lucas groaned.
“It gets worse,” d’Gaz winked at him.
“It can get worse?”
“Hush, Lucas,” Mattaeus gave him a sharp glance. “We will from here have to be split.”
“No,” protested Dylan.
“We must,” Bell told him, “we are too visible riding like this.”
“Then how will we split?” Connor asked.
“Myself and d’Gaz will go to Maelem’s Square while the rest of you go on to the Capital,” Mattaeus explained. 
“I will go with you,” Alura told him.
“No, it is not necessary.”
“It is, from here we tread dangerous roads and you could do with my skills. Plus Kaitlin and I can keep in contact.”
“How?” Dylan asked.
“Through our bonds of Magic and twinship.”
“Like talking in your minds?”
“Yes, young Guardian,” she smiled at him, “just like that.”
“Cool.”
“OK then, you will come with us. Once you are in the Capital City do not all stay in the same place. Alura is right, we tread a dangerous road and need not draw attention to ourselves.”
“Then we ride,” Bell stated.
“Good luck to you all, may the Righteous watch over us,” the Shadow Ranger said and stood.

CHAPTER XIX

Perr Thunderground walked alone into Chevner’s Inn in the walled Capital Town of Evensguard. He gave a quick look around as if for a table, but clocked his Stormclouds sitting around the inn. He walked up to the bar and ordered an ale and as it was placed in front of him he spoke quietly.
“I am looking for Clivinius’ Bedrest.”
“I know not of what you speak,” the bar tender told him in a hushed tone.
“Of course, forgive me,” Thunderground said and went to an empty table. He had drunk another ale before a man sat down at his table with an ale.
“Terrible ale here,” the man said.
“I’ve had better,” agreed Thunderground.
“Then perhaps you should go to where the ale is better,” the man suggested.
“That would be a fine thing, the Isle of the Skies is nice this time of year,” Thunderground noted. “I wish I could do such a thing.”
“You will wish otherwise if you stay.”
“Could I see someone a little more fearsome?”
“You are trying my patience.”
“That’s wonderful,” Thunderground took a slurp of his ale.
“You ask of things you know nothing about and you speak foolishly,” the man threatened.
“I ask things I know a little of, but don’t think your boys at the bar would get their blades unsheathed before I have run them through.”
“As I say, you speak foolishly.”
“Killing you will not get me any closer to speaking to your leader.”
The man laughed and drank. “You must think highly of yourself to say such things, but again I tell you to leave.”
It was Thunderground’s turn to laugh. 
“You, sir, have no idea whom you speak to, if you did you would realise your words are the foolish ones.”
“Oh and who do I speak to?”
Thunderground leaned in close and whispered. “I am Perr Thunderground, Lord Stormcloud.”
The man sat back in surprise and Thunderground merely nodded. The man leaned back in.
“And why do you look for Clivinius’ Bedrest?”
“I apologise, but that is not for me to say to you.”
The man got up, picked up his ale and took a long swig. He swayed a little. 
“Well I say to you, that is no way to raise pigs, I shall find another table,” the man said loudly and staggered to the bar where he dropped his mug and staggered out of the inn. A few people looked up and then went back to their own conversations.
Thunderground shook his head as if perplexed, but within the shake he nodded to the door. His Stormclouds left in small groups and in the middle he himself left and walked through the dirt streets between the wooden buildings until he came to the Fatted Swine Inn. Even outside he could hear the music and the rowdy conversation. He entered and again scanning the room could see his Stormclouds around the inn. He ordered an ale and found a table that was occupied by two of the Stormcloud women. They ignored him after his polite request to sit.
He was through his third ale there when the two women got up and left and a man took their place. He had a thick beard that didn’t look right on him and his long hair covered even more of his face.
“You take a great risk coming out of the shadows,” the man said conversationally after a sip of his ale.
“Another has come out of the shadows,” Thunderground replied.
“The Ranger?”
“Indeed.”
This seemed to take the man back.
“What is the meaning of this?” he asked quietly.
“We are breaking him out. We need you to rally the troops.”
“You pull no punches.”
“That beard does not become you, time to show your face again, Commander Harris.”
The man quickly scanned the bar. “Don’t use that name,” he hissed.
“Remove the knife from between my legs and relax,” Thunderground said.
The man moved slightly under the table and brought both hands up around his ale. “You think we haven’t tried to free him?”
“There is a man and his boy, Fifth Worlders; The Shadow Ranger, The Defender of the Forest Way and the Pirate d’Gaz rally around them,” Thunderground whispered fiercely and then they both scanned the room to see if anyone had heard.
“And what do you want from me?”
“An army.”
The man nodded to himself and took another drink.
“I have few men.”
“We are gathering them.”
“Very well, I see you were not expecting any other result.”
“You would not let your King down.”
“No,” the man shook his head. “But we need somewhere to congregate, somewhere with supplies.”
“What are you thinking?”
The man pointed to the wall behind the bar.
“The wall?” Thunderground asked.
“Behind the wall.”
“The castle?” he leaned even further in. “Are you mad? You want us to take Evensguard Castle?”
“You propose such a plan and then question my sanity?”
“Very well, I will send messengers out to meet at the castle. For now shave that beard and show your face, it is time to lead the Armies of the King once again.”
“So be it, a man will find you here again tomorrow night,” the man said and left.
And with that the rebellion of Sylvae had begun.
%%%
The Doomed Lovers’ Inn in Maelem’s Square was quiet, as was the whole town in the dark of the evening.
“We stick out like a Chooven at a formal dance,” d’Gaz said.
“You would stick out at a Chooven dance,” Alura noted.
“Ahh, well, too much time at sea,” d’Gaz frowned, but Alura smiled.
“He couldn’t stand the sea at one point, you know?” she asked the Shadow Ranger.
“Really?” he raised his eyebrows. “A pirate who is scared of the sea?”
“She didn’t say scared, she said didn’t like.”
“Of course, of course,” Mattaeus tried not to grin. “What happened?”
“I had no choice. I’m adaptable.”
“The Yokum Rebellion changed everything for everyone,” Alura said.
“It did,” Mattaeus agreed.
“And how would you know?” Alura asked him, but d’Gaz laughed.
“Don’t try to pin him down,” he said with a smile. “If you think the Shadow Ranger didn’t have a hand in the rebellion, you don’t know him like I do.’
“Well, obviously I don’t, but how do you know each other?”
“That is a question for another time,” Mattaeus said as two men entered the inn and walked to the bar.
The Shadow Ranger walked up to the bar and ordered more drinks.
“We need horses,” one of the men said.
“Horses?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“Yes, you know where we can get some?”
“Perhaps we can talk a deal?”
“Then let us sit,” the man said and Mattaeus brought drinks back to his table, nodded to d’Gaz and Alura and then joined the men at their table.
“So?” asked Alura.
“So what?” d’Gaz raised an eyebrow.
“We go back a long way, d’Gaz and yet I think the two of you go back further.”
“Perhaps so.”
“Why is everyone cagey about the past? Especially when it comes to him?”
“It would not do well to cross the Shadow Ranger.”
“No, I have heard the stories, but are we to be a team or not?”
d’Gaz laughed. “Mattaeus is his own team. Always and forever treading his own path. We have merely crossed that path.”
“I do not like it,” Alura frowned.
“You will have time to learn some of his secrets,” d’Gaz said and then the Shadow Ranger was sitting down again.
“What news?”
“Not good,” Mattaeus said. “The Commander of the Armies wants to storm Evensguard Castle.”
“What?” d’Gaz asked with surprise. “Why?”
“As a base for his men to meet and arm themselves.”
“This will draw too much attention to our plans,” Alura said.
“I know,” Mattaeus agreed. “By Thunder, this Commander bets too safely for our plans.”
“Then what are we to do?” Alura asked.
“Go and join them, make it as quick as possible. I have already sent word to the Capital City.”
“Then let us finish our ale and go,” d’Gaz said and picked up his drink.
“Forget the ale,” Alura said.
“Never forget the ale. Who knows when we might get another one,” d’Gaz said with a wink.
%%%
 The night was dark as thick cloud covered the moon. Perr Thunderground could not decide if it was a good or bad omen as he stood in the darkness of an alleyway in Evensguard.
“Only someone with something to hide stands alone in a darkened alleyway,” a voice said and Thunderground jumped slightly.
“We all have many things to hide,” he replied trying not to show his scare.
“How do we go?”
“It is well,” Thunderground replied. “Well, as well as it can be considering.”
“Indeed,” said the voice. “We need speed not caution.”
“But we need an army and so we have to do what the Commander wants.”
“What you say is true. Has he assembled his men?”
“They are scattered around the town and just outside. Ready and willing.”
“Then we go tomorrow night?”
“We do.”
“Make your way to the Capital City to lead the unrest, I’ll lead from here,” the voice said. 
Thunderground waited a little while, unsure whether the man had gone or was still in the darkness. His eyes had adjusted over the time he was waiting and he could make out shapes, but he never saw the voice’s owner. That’s why they call him the Shadow Ranger, Thunderground thought and left.

CHAPTER XX

The Castle of Evensguard stood upon a hill that overlooked the city. Like any castle it was built in a place that made it difficult to get into, therefore the attacking force had to get in before the guards could close up the castle. 
To do this it was decided that a small group should get into the castle, secure the gates for the rest of their small army to come through. That small group consisted of the Shadow Ranger, d’Gaz, Alura and three Lightningstrikes while Commander Harris lay in wait with his army.
%%%
The Shadow Ranger had met with Harris earlier in the day and he had explained the plan.
“The Chinerthians, as you would know,” Harris said, “are all about might and power. To them deception or sneaking around is a sign of weakness.”
“But they are not easily deceived,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“No, they are not, but this is the weakness we can exploit.
“Evensguard and the other Capital Towns were built around the Capital as a line of defence. Everybody living in them is trained to fight and if they cannot defeat the invaders they can hold them up long enough for the Capital to prepare its defences. 
“The Chinerthians have not considered that the Capital Towns also make good outposts for an invading army and so what should be their most heavily fortified positions are not well guarded.”
“It seems like a major oversight.”
“Yes, but with their overwhelming numbers the Chinerthians rolled through these towns as if they were not there. Anyway, it is the same in the town. They only took the castle as a show of their strength, and as they do not consider an attack to anywhere but the City, it is again, not well guarded.”
“How do you know this?”
“Many of the towns people work in the castle, they say the Chinerthians are not unfair masters, but they are all trained to bide their time until the chance to fight comes. We have been in contact with a woman who works in the kitchens. Again Chinerthians only see strength and have become lazy. There is a kitchen entrance that leads to the rubbish pile; it is seen as the worst guard duty rather than the most important weak spot in their defences.”
“Then that is how we go in,” the Shadow Ranger agreed.
%%%
Now the strike team moved up in the gloom towards the kitchen entrance. Even from a distance they could smell the piles of rubbish, but they were too focused to let it bother them. The two guards, however, were trying to keep as far away as they could, moving around every time the wind shifted. They were so preoccupied with the smell and their own complaints that they never saw the Shadow Ranger nor d’Gaz as they snuck up behind them and silently took them down.
They went to the door and it was unlocked as they had been told and silently they crept in. There were three people in the kitchen and the strike party stopped short, but one of the men nodded to them and lifted up a towel to reveal a sword underneath. Mattaeus nodded back and the kitchen workers turned back to their duty as the team walked through.
Outside the kitchen was a stone hallway with a deep blue carpet running along its centre. Here the three Lightningstrikes went right and the others went left; they followed the corridor as it curved to the right and started checking rooms. The first two were empty, but the third contained three Chinerthian guards off duty and unarmed. Alura threw a blue light at them and they fell to the ground unconscious where d’Gaz tied them up. As they continued they came across a fat man in noble dress, he saw them and turned to run, but d’Gaz threw a small knife and it struck him in the back. The Shadow Ranger grabbed the fat man and dragged him into a room before any blood could pool on the ground.
They moved on and found a spiral stone staircase and started upwards. The plan was for the Lightningstrikes to get to the main gate and keep it open for the army whilst Mattaeus, d’Gaz an Alura took out anyone on the castle walls. They went up fast to find the battlements dark. They crept along, silently taking down any guards that they came across. Appearing out of the shadows before any man could scream and disappearing again before they were seen. d’Gaz had seen this trick before, that’s how he got the name the Shadow Ranger; somehow Mattaeus could disappear into the darkness. 
They reached the main gate, as with most castles there was a lever to close the gate both above and below it and this area was well lit by torches.
“They’ll see us if we get any closer,” d’Gaz pointed out.
“Can you see the ‘Strikes?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
Alura peeked over the stone ramparts and saw three people in the shadows at the other side of the central courtyard. As they were two men and a woman, Alura assumed they were the Stormclouds and lifted her hand; a white light shone in her palm briefly and she could see them ready themselves.
“They are about to move,” she said as she crouched down again.
“d’Gaz, can you take down that farthest guard?”
d’Gaz pulled out his throwing knife. “Should be able to.”
“Then do it,” the Shadow Ranger said and suddenly he was running towards the guards. 
d’Gaz sprang up and threw his knife. It whistled past the Shadow Ranger as he cut down the first guard and ran to the next. The farthest guard only had time to look surprised before the knife hit him and he fell back.
From below came a shout of ‘now!’ and Alura stood, raised her arm to the sky and shot a beam of light upwards. The Shadow Ranger and d’Gaz were already running further around the walls fighting with guards, but Alura could see the army moving up the hill to the gate. She threw a fireball at a guard who was raising his bow and arrow and he screamed as he ignited and fell off the wall. The army was now reaching the gate and alarm bells and shouts were ringing around the castle. Guards came out into the courtyard as Commander Harris and his men entered and swords clashed. More men came up onto the ramparts and Mattaeus and d’Gaz were fighting them one by one. Alura turned the other way to see more men and started throwing magic at them. In the courtyard swords clashed and rang and men groaned, screamed and died. 
The fight was short and bloody, ultimately the Chinerthians were unprepared and outnumbered and within an hour of entering the castle the fight was over. The townspeople who were in the castle ran out into the town to spread the word and prepare to defend their town. In the morning the True King’s flag would be flown.

CHAPTER XXI

In the Capital City the rest of the Foreshadow of Balance had been busy. Though Dylan had come from a technologically superior world with many great cities, he had spent enough time in the forests to be awed by the size of the city and the amount of people. There were still many horses and horse drawn carriages, but there were also carriages that flew by themselves.
“Do not stare, young Guardian,” Bell told him.
“But how do they fly?”
“Magic. The rich believe it is better than horsepower; they will not put up with dirty, smelly animals anymore,” Bell said with some disgust in his voice.
“As if anyone can think of horses that way,” Lucas agreed.
“It is the same in our world,” Dad said. “The rich want the new, expensive machines, want to be different from normal people; want to look down on us.”
“The Five Worlds are not so different,” Kaitlin said. 
“You and Dylan take this inn,” Bell stopped and said. “I and Kaitlin will find another a street down and Lucas will check in here a little later. Stay here and wait in the barroom, oh and don’t acknowledge Lucas if you see him.”
“When will you be back?” Dylan asked.
“In about an hour, we must make first contact,” and then they disappeared into the crowds leaving Connor and Dylan to check themselves into the inn.
Kaitlin and Bell checked themselves into an inn one street over and Lucas went on to walk around the block to get back to Dylan.
“Stay here for an hour and then go to the other inn and find Lucas,” Bell told her.
“And you will meet us there?”
“If all goes well.”
“And should it? Is this dangerous?”
“It shouldn’t be yet, but we cannot know what is happening until your sister contacts us.”
“Then be careful.”
“I will,” Bell smiled and left.
%%%
“Any news?” Hallorn asked him as they sat in a crowded inn.
“None yet. Any on your side?”
“Not really, only what is happening in the city.”
“And what is that?”
“Stirring the pot,” Hallorn leaned closer. “So many people in the city have either grown rich through the Chinerthians or are Chinerthians, but there are still dissenters hiding in the shadows.”
“And what are they doing?”
Hallorn leaned back, looked around the room quickly and then drank some ale.
“They are waiting to meet your companions.”
“I do not like the idea of people knowing about them.”
“It is not a trap,” Hallorn smiled. “They are but three people and they need to know that the time is right to rise up. No one else will know our plans.”
“So be it; nothing is in my hands to control anymore.”
“I thought that was as you wished it.”
Bell didn’t reply.
%%%
Bell stopped to wash up and got to the inn in just over an hour. Lucas was sitting talking to Kaitlin and Connor and Dylan sat in a corner. Bell gave a slight nod to Connor and sat down next to Lucas where they chatted for five minutes and then got up and left. Connor waited a few minutes and then they too got up and left. Even at this time the streets were still busy because market stalls had been set up along the road.
Lucas was looking at some vegetables and fell in behind Connor and Dylan as they walked past. Up ahead were Bell and Kaitlin and they followed them into another inn. It was quiet inside and they managed to find a table at the back big enough for all of them. Once they had drinks Bell told them what was happening.
“And no news from your sister?” he finished.
“Only that they are at Maelem’s Square.”
“Then tomorrow I will meet with Hallorn again and set up a meeting.”
“It is safe?” Lucas asked.
“I don’t know. I suspect so; no one would mess with the Stormclouds, but we can assume nothing.”
“And they like you,” Dylan said to Bell.
“Well I once fought with them,” Bell shrugged.
“Yes,” agreed Dad, “at the Battle of Alban’s Wood Hallorn said.”
“Yes, that was a long time ago, before the Yokum Rebellion.”
“Where is it?” Dylan asked.
“North of here, towards the Portal.”
“What happened?”
“The Chinerthians were in control and some of us, the Stormclouds mostly, decided to try and cut them off from the Portal and then slowly take back our World.”
“Some would say that it started the Yokum Rebellion,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes,” agreed Bell with a sigh. “It was foolishness.”
“Why?” Dylan asked.
“Because the Chinerthians had the True King imprisoned, but they kept only a loose grip on us. The only thing the Rebellion did was kill many of our own people and tighten the Chinerthian grip.”
“How can you say that?” Lucas asked angrily. “We fought and died to try and free our World.”
“But we didn’t, did we?”
“If that is your attitude then why are you bothering now?”
“My reasons are my own, Lucas,” Bell said looking at the tabletop.
“Reasons are not good enough,” Lucas stabbed a great finger at Bell, “it is belief that will get us through.”
“Calm down, Lucas,” Connor said. “Bell has not let us down; he’s giving everything to this Quest.”
“Perhaps,” Lucas grunted.
“Lucas,” Bell said quietly, “I have the belief; back when the True King was taken I fled into the woods rather than die, I was young and angry and perhaps a coward. I swore an Oath to defend the forest way of life, to protect the forests from the Chinerthians and I thought I could do that. I was wrong and my hot headedness led to the Yokum Rebellion.”
“You are Yokum?” Kaitlin asked.
Bell shook his head. 
“No, Yokum are ants that live deep in the forest. They build big nests and there is something inside that other animals like to eat.”
“Like bees and honey,” Dylan said.
“If you say so. Anyway, when an animal gets a certain distance some of the ants will go out and bite it in the hope that it will turn away. If it gets closer more ants will come and bite it, if it turns back less ants will bite it in the hope that the irritation will deter the animal from ever getting close.
“We thought we could be like that, that we could harry the Chinerthians until they could no longer keep fighting and leave. So we called our group Yokum.”
“So you started the Yokum Rebellion?” Lucas asked.
“We did; the Battle of Alban’s Wood was our first major battle.”
Lucas nodded, but was silent.
%%%
The next day Bell once more met with Hallorn in a quiet lane.
“The meeting is set up?”
“Yes, go to the Hidden Door Inn and walk through to the back room.”
“Really? The Hidden Door?”
“Hiding in plain sight,” Hallorn smiled. “It’s just like old times, huh?”
“I try not to think about it.”
“We did a good thing, we might have done more, but you deserted us.”
“We were young and foolish; we weren’t ready,” Bell scowled.
“Is that how you justify it?”
“I can’t justify all those deaths.”
“No, your leaving, your running away? What did you think would happen when you started Yokum?”
“I didn’t think, that’s the point,” Bell seethed at him.
“And are you ready now?”
“We all have to be.”
“But are we?”
“That’s not for me to say, I am not a leader anymore.”
“Nonsense,” Hallorn rebuked. “Tonight, an hour before the sun sets. Back room, just you and the Outworlders.”
Hallorn walked away leaving Bell standing alone. Was he ready for this? He wasn’t a leader anymore, but could he truly say he was ready if he wasn’t ready to lead once more? He had made an Oath to Defend the Forest Way, could he truly do that if he denied the past? If the time came, would he be ready to step up or would he once again lose hope? It was all to be seen, for now he had to bring the Guardians to the meeting and hope.
%%%
Lucas, Dylan and Connor walked into the Hidden Door to find it empty other than a bartender who was cleaning glasses. He didn’t even look at them as they walked across the room and through the back door. They found themselves in a small storeroom with Hallorn.
“Where is Bell?”
“I am Protector of the Guardian, I will not leave his side,” Lucas said.
“Bell thought four was one too many people,” Connor explained.
“It is wisdom,” Hallorn nodded. “Come.”
He moved a heavy looking barrel to reveal a trapdoor that he also opened. He then led them down a dark flight of stone stairs.
“Careful, there is no light until we reach the bottom, put your hand on the person in front’s shoulder and go slow.” 
They did so and it was still dark at the bottom, Dylan didn’t like it and put a hand out to touch the wall. It was very close and cold to the touch, but he could feel that it curved quite a bit and after a while light became visible from around the bend. They reached torches on the walls and dropped their hands.
“This way,” Hallorn said.
Finally they reached a room, perhaps a cellar. It was not large, but it had a table in the centre and behind that sat two older men and a woman.
“So,” one man simply said.
“These are the Fifth Worlders, and the young Guardian’s Protector, Lucas.”
“How do we go?” Lucas asked.
“It is well,” the woman answered.
“So,” the man said again, “these are the Outworlders. Come closer so we can see you.”
Dylan and Connor started to move, but Lucas put out his arms to stop them.
“Forgive me, but I don’t trust anyone who makes me meet them in confined places with no easy exit. Who are you?”
The other man laughed.
“Very wise, Protector, but it has to be this way for our safety. I am Solper, this is Honn and she is Wesper. We are all that is left of the Yokum Rebellion.
“After the Chinerthian invasion we tried to regain the city, but they outnumbered us so we went underground, literally, and during the Yokum Rebellion we led a guerilla campaign and continued even after the Rebellion failed.”
“And now what do you do?” Connor asked.
“We wait. We realised that our efforts were getting us nowhere except in danger of our lives. So we have gone to ground waiting for a chance to rise.”
“And now the chance has come,” Wesper said.
“We hope so,” Lucas said.
“You will need more than hope,” the first man, Honn, said.
“We come from Earth, a Portal opened in our garden. It seems that this is a big event, perhaps a turning point. At least those that have formed around us think so.”
“How technologically advanced has Earth become?”
“No,” Dylan said. “We’re not bringing anything through.”
Honn smiled. “But why not?”
“It won’t help, we have lots of wars still.”
“He’s right, bringing Earth technology might help you defeat the Black Queen, but it won’t help you in the long run.”
“Who are you to make that decision, Outworlder?” Wesper accused.
“Either you’ll help us or you won’t, but we won’t tell you where the Portal is.”
“It will make itself known in time, all we have to do is wait,” Honn said.
“Then let us go,” Lucas said. “They are not interested in helping, just gaining power for themselves,” he turned and ushered Dylan and his Dad to the door. “Just as you predicted, no better than the Black Queen.”
“Wait,” Solper said. “You are right. It is not easy for us to sit here and wait for others to come and help; we fought for so long and have become useless, all we see are ways to defeat the Chinerthians. We have forgotten the reasons behind that. We fought for peace and freedom.”
Connor turned. “You won’t find that through Earth technology.”
“No, perhaps not,” Wesper agreed, “and it is not our place to say. Hallorn says you intend to free the True King, if this happens it is up to him to decide what to do.”
“Yes,” Honn said and shook his head. “I apologise.”
“Then let us form a plan,” Hallorn said.
  
CHAPTER XXII

The next day Kaitlin got word from her sister that they were going to Evensguard and the news worried them, but the Shadow Ranger told them to wait until they were all ready to move on to the Prison of Articus.
Bell met with Hallorn to fill him in and he in turn met with the Honn, Wesper and Solper to arrange citywide activities that would keep the City Guards occupied. It was a tense few days for the five of them, not knowing how the attack on Evensguard Castle would go. There was, Connor realised, a good chance of the Quest being over here and now. 
If the others failed and were captured or killed, he didn’t know if they could continue. The whole thing was just too big for him to think about, realising now that at every step one failure could mean failure to the whole Quest. And that, he now realised, meant trouble for not just the four worlds, but Earth as well. If they could not shut the Portal then Earth would get dragged into a war. He had always assumed that he and Dylan could just walk away, go back home, but now he knew that wasn’t the case. Nothing would ever be the same again.  
He wanted to talk to Kaitlin about it, but she was preoccupied with her own worries about her sister.
%%%
Dylan and Lucas were out exploring the city together, it was the first time for both of them and they were impressed by the smart clothes people wore, suits with high collars for the men and big dresses with all kinds of flowers and decorations on them for the women. 
“I don’t know how these women do it,” Lucas commented.
“What do you mean?”
“Well those dresses must weigh more than a stuffed rolin.”
“What’s a rolin?”
“It’s a kind of pig. When it eats it eats so much it can’t move. They are good eating, if you can carry one.”
“I can’t believe the flying carriages, how do they do it?”
“I’m not sure, something about a stone that can carry magic. You put it in the carriage and it does that.”
“Like a battery?”
“What’s a battery?”
“It’s a small, er, thing that has, I dunno, I guess electricity in it and you put it in other things to make them work.”
“Sounds about right,” Lucas shrugged.
“What’s that?” Dylan asked as they reached a great square in the heart of the city. In the middle of it were big white walls.
“That’s the King’s Palace, I suppose. Inside those big walls.”
“It’s huge.”
“Oh, you bet. And well-guarded.”
%%%
 “Don’t you think it’s weird that you were all involved in the Yokum Rebellion somehow?” Connor asked over dinner.
“Everybody was involved,” Kaitlin said.
“But were they? Absolutely everybody?”
“Well, no, but a lot of people fought.”
“What are you thinking?” Bell asked him.
“I dunno, I keep thinking back to what Thunderground said about me not understanding who was on the Quest with us and it not being a coincidence.”
“You think someone has gathered us together?” Lucas asked. “I don’t know anyone who could, unless you mean the Righteous.”
“You’re right, I just think it’s weird that you all fought in the Yokum Rebellion and everyone we meet seems to know someone.”
“Like Hallorn and Bell,” Kaitlin said.
“Exactly and Mattaeus and d’Gaz.”
“I thought it odd that when we questioned going to the pirate, Mattaeus didn’t speak up that he knew him,” Lucas added.
“Do not try to fathom the Shadow Ranger,” Bell said. “and worry not about it Guardian, Btolomy told us to find the Twin Magicians and they told us to find d’Gaz, it is not a mystery, nor the work of the Righteous. And as for Hallorn, that was mere good coincidence.”
“I guess,” Connor nodded.
“Tomorrow night,” Kaitlin suddenly said.
“What?” Bell asked.
“They are going to storm the castle tomorrow night.”
“I will find Hallorn,” he replied, got up and left in a hurry.
%%%
 Lucas, Bell, Kaitlin, Conner and Dylan rode through the night. Even now the storming of Evensguard castle could be happening; there was no word from Alura. 
Everything had been set with Hallorn the night before and he had reported that Thunderground was in the city. That made Dylan feel happier, he liked Thunderground, trusted him to be able to get things done even though he wasn’t himself sure what the plan was. 
It got so complicated that he got lost, but he knew they were riding to meet the others and go on to the Prison of Articus. He didn’t know how they were going to get into a prison and he wasn’t sure that anyone else knew either. It seemed to him that if it were that easy, people would have broken the True King out long ago. 
Maybe it was Mattaeus, the Shadow Ranger, who had a plan or a trick, but again how come he had never tried? Dylan felt a little sick in his stomach thinking about it and was afraid to ask anyone in case they really didn’t have a plan. He looked around him as the moonlit fields hurried by and tried to stay calm.
Bell wasn’t feeling much better, he too had no clue as to the plan; the Shadow Ranger had simply stated that this is what they had to do and had never shared exactly how they were going to do it. If it was that easy how come no one had tried before? Maybe they had, he didn’t hear much in the woods of Thalm. 
But then if they had tried, they must have failed so he preferred to think that no one had ever tried. And why not? It was difficult to raise an army here, it is difficult to get people to stand up and fight the oppressors. If we win it is all good, but what if we fail? Then we will die; no I prefer just to keep a low profile and get on with the life that I have. That is how people everywhere are. But now that there is a chance, now that the Fifth Worlders are here, I suppose there is the hope, the chance to believe, that we need.
 All the hope in the Five Worlds wasn’t going to help storming a prison, but he tried not think about that.
CHAPTER XXIII

They met in the early dawn, the Sun just peeking above a distant mountain range.
“What’s that mountain range?” Connor asked.
“That’s the Jamellas,” Bell said.
“Between here and there is Reine’s Loss,” Lucas added.
“What did he lose?” Dylan asked.
“Who?”
“Reine.”
“It’s a tale from the older years,” Bell explained. “Reine’s beloved was chosen by the King to be his bride.”
“An evil King,” Lucas said.
“If the story is to be believed,” Bell continued. “Anyway, Reine took his beloved and they escaped, but were hunted down by the King’s guardsmen. Ultimately it was she that betrayed him, it was she that left evidence for the guardsmen to follow and it was she that stabbed him in that town.”
“Why?” Dylan decried.
“She wanted to be the King’s wife, she wanted the money and the power. Some stories say that she didn’t at first, but didn’t want to spend the rest of her life running, other versions say that he forced her to flee, that she had never been faithful.”
“And so the town was named Reine’s Loss and nobody alive can remember it as anything else,” Mattaeus finished.
“Mattaeus,” Dylan shouted with glee and hugged him. The Shadow Ranger seemed a little uncomfortable, but hugged him back with one arm.
“It’s good to see you all unscathed,” his Dad said.
“It is good to see you all again too,” d’Gaz said.
“Did it work?” Lucas asked.
“It did,” Mattaeus said. “Even now the True King’s flag will be hoisting.”
“And how did your jolly exploits go?” d’Gaz asked.
“All is to plan,” Bell answered.
“Then we have a timeline to keep,” Alura said having hugged and talked to her twin.
“I hate to ask, but do we have a plan?” Connor asked what was on everybody’s minds.
“We have an army, the first army to be raised in a long time on this world,” the Shadow Ranger explained. “Enough men to storm the prison.”
“Rubbish,” said Bell, “They will lock the prison down at the first sight of an approaching army.”
“Which they will see from miles away,” Kaitlin agreed.
“That is why the army will head straight for Talon’s Fall.”
“This is ridiculous,” stormed Bell, “I don’t need to tell you that the prison is built into the mountainside, it’s impenetrable even with an army and now you say that we are not using the army which we raised?”
“And I don’t need to remind you,” the Shadow Ranger countered, “that people are sent there to die. The True King will be somewhere up in the mountains so that he will not.”
“How is that better? Are we to climb up to peaks that have never been conquered?” Bell almost shouted.
“No,” the Shadow Ranger smiled and pulled something from his bag, “I intend to fly.”
They all looked at the glowing Dragonstone in his hand.
“Forgive me, Shadow Ranger,” Bell said quietly.
%%%
The Capital Town of Evensguard did indeed fly the flag of the True King that morning, but it was not until the middle of the morning that a Chinerthian Guardsman spotted it and a small force was sent out. They never made it due to the Stormclouds they encountered on the way.
Another larger force was being assembled when there was no word, but before they could leave news came that a number of civic buildings had been set on fire and that armed gangs were attacking Chinerthian soldiers. 
The Guardsmen were instead sent into the city, but already news was spreading that Stormclouds were in the city, that Evensguard had been retaken and some said that even now the True King was free. The people of the city took to the streets to take back the Capital and there was not a soldier to spare to be sent to the Prison of Articus.
%%%
  They hid in a small area of trees not far from the Articus Mountains called the Copse of Free Men.
“Why?” asked Connor.
“It’s somewhat of a joke,” the Shadow Ranger explained as he looked at the prison built in the mountainside. “It is said that if you were to escape the prison then this copse is out of arrow range. That to reach here would be to reach freedom.”
“I don’t understand, that’s not a joke,” Dylan said.
“The joke is that no one ever escapes,” d’Gaz said wryly.
“So where will the True King be held?” Bell asked. “You said high up.”
“I would think so,” Mattaeus said. “The prison is a work camp. Mining ore from the mountain. To keep the True King in such condition would risk his dying.”
“So how do we know where?” Connor asked.
“Magicians? Can you scan the mountains? The King’s Pledge should be detectable.”
Alura gave a short laugh. “You base your plans on flimsy hopes, Shadow Ranger.”
“I can feel it weakly,” he said to her seriously. She looked at him for a few seconds. Who was this Shadow Ranger, that he also has magical abilities?
“Very well, let us be,” Alura replied and the twins moved to the front of the copse and held hands.
Dylan watched as their eyes rolled up to show the whites and a light blue mist seemed to surround them, but it hurt his eyes to try and focus on it. And then it was over.
The Twin Magicians crept further back into the thick trees and joined the others.
“You were right, Mattaeus,” Kaitlin said, “we could detect the aura of the True King’s Pledge.”
“Then we are in a better position than we were a minute before,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Now we wait to be joined at nightfall.”
“You have magic,” Alura said to him.
“Not as powerful as the two of you.”
“But you have magic, nonetheless, who are you Shadow Ranger?”
“This is not the time for stories,” Mattaeus countered.
“We are sitting here for hours, I think this is the perfect time,” Alura countered back.
“I would rather know why two such powerful magicians have not led a rebellion in all these years, you could defeat armies alone.”
“Leave us be,” Kaitlin asked.
“I have a story for you all,” d’Gaz said, “and it concerns this very copse. The Story of the Stone Wife.
“Many years into History there was no prison here, just the mountains and their caves. There was a man and his wife who came here to seek gold; they were desperately poor and were in horrible debt. 
“The Shire Reeve was willing to settle the debt, but the wife, who was beautiful, was to be the payment. To find gold was the only way they could hope to pay the debt.”
“Why were they in debt?” Dylan asked.
“Well the Shire Reeve was a nasty man, who wanted the wife and so he did everything he could to get them into debt to him.
“So here they came looking for gold, but they were unlucky that the Princess of Earth and Stone was in the mountains. You see that is what she does to amuse herself, she takes stone and turns it into something beautiful.”
“We met a Princess,” Dylan said excitedly.
“You did?”
“Yes, at Kaitlin and Alura’s house.”
“You did?” d’Gaz asked again looking at the others. They nodded to him.
“Well, that is a turn up,” he said, “but it means you know my story to be true.
“So, the couple enter the caves and found gold. They couldn’t believe their luck, so much of it. But as they worked the Princess saw the man and she thought him to be handsome, she wanted him.
“So as they rested each night she created more gold for them to find. Keep them there and as they worked the dust was entering the poor girl’s skin. She was slowly turning to stone.”
“No,” breathed Dylan.
“And then one day she was looking at her husband with love because they had enough; she reached out to hug him and turned to stone.
“The man cried out in grief and it was then that the Princess came to him, told him that now his wife was gone he should come to her. But the man knew it was the Princess’ work and he cursed her. He picked up his stone wife and ran out of the caves and hid in the woods.
“But the Princess would not be spurned and she dried the soil making the trees wither. He had nowhere to hide from her and he couldn’t carry his stone wife all the way back to the town.
“It was the Princess of the Forest that took pity on him and scolded her sister. It was her that kept this copse of trees from withering so that he had somewhere to hide and the trees protected him from the other Princess. 
“She spent a week trying to get into him, cursing her sister and eventually without food or water the man grew too weak to leave. She lost interest then, he had lost his good looks and strength.
“They say that the Princess of the Forest tried to nourish him, tried to help him leave, but he wouldn’t and he died here. They say that his stone wife is still here in the undergrowth.”
Dylan looked around. “No.”
“It is but a story, young Guardian,” Mattaeus said.
“How many of these Princesses are there?” Dylan’s Dad asked.
“The Sun sets soon, it will have to wait for another time. We must rest.”
“Come on, Lucas, let us see if we can find her,” Dylan said jumping up.
“I don’t think so,” Lucas started.
“Well you can’t leave me, can you?”
Lucas sighed. 
“I will go with him,” Bell said standing and turning to Dylan. “But only for a short time.”
“OK,” Dylan said and led him into the trees.
“Do not leave the trees, Guardian,” the Shadow Ranger warned.
“I won’t.”
%%%
Dylan and Bell walked through the trees, pushing aside undergrowth. 
“Do you think d’Gaz’s story is true?”
“I don’t know, young Guardian, I don’t know much about him or our Shadow Ranger.
They walked around for maybe ten minutes, the Sun setting through the trees. Dylan pushed and pulled at vines and bushes searching for the stone wife, but found nothing.
“We must be back, it will be dark soon,” Bell told him.
“OK,” Dylan sighed, disappointed.
And then a thick group of vines began to unravel and as they pulled away Bell and Dylan could see the stone likeness of a woman, her arms outstretched.
“It is true,” Dylan squealed.
“I don’t believe it,” Bell breathed.
“It is true,” a voice said to their left and they turned.
“Princess,” Bell said and indeed there stood the same green woman they had seen at the Twin Magician’s house.
“He whom you call d’Gaz is more than you see, be ware to listen to his council when you lead,” she said.
“I cannot lead, Princess.”
“Yet you must, the Shadow Ranger will stay behind.”
“I failed at leadership, I ran. There are some that think this World could be different if I had not. Maybe they are right.”
“The past is past and leads to new things. To purpose, Protector.”
“I don’t understand.”
“You must be ready to lead, Bell, this is what the Righteous holds for you.”
“But I am not the man.”
“You are, Protector. This is your Oath’s purpose,” she told him. “But I will be with you where I can.”
“Tell me more,” Bell pleaded.
“War is coming, war that you started so long ago. A war to free all. It is time to finish that which you started,” and then she was gone.
“What did she mean?” Dylan asked.
“I’m not sure, young Guardian. I’m not sure.”

CHAPTER XXIV

The Sun had set and they tried to sleep. Dylan would have told them all about the stone wife, but the meeting with the Princess had given him other things to think about and he was grateful for a blanket and sleep.
It was full dark when he awoke to the stirring of the horses and a beating sound in the air.
“They arrive,” Mattaeus said standing.
There was only a crescent moon to light them as they pushed to the far side of the copse and there glittering slightly in the moonlight were three dragons.
“Nagendra,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“And you know Delinda from the Isle d’Muerte,” Nagendra said in their heads.
“We are well met,” Mattaeus agreed.
“But you do not know Falaeus. Only he would join us at this time.”
“It is enough,” Mattaeus replied.
“Soldiers approach,” Nagendra said.
“They are with us.”
“Thunderground?” d’Gaz asked.
“He can’t resist a good battle,” the Shadow Ranger smiled at them.
“We thank you for your help, Falaeus,” Bell said.
“I was bored of hiding away,” the dragon, who was white and green striped, said.
“So we wait for the Stormclouds and then attack?” Connor asked holding Dylan’s hand.
“No,” the Shadow Ranger replied. “The darkness would hinder as much as help us, we will have to attack in daylight.”
“That does not sound like an enjoyable venture,” Lucas said.
“They’ll pick us off from afar,” d’Gaz commented.
“You still have the bow of Galvyn?” Nagendra asked Bell.
“I do.”
“Then you can pick them off first.”
“Impossible,” Bell protested. “Even from the top of a tree I would be well out of range.”
“Not for Galvyn’s bow,” the dragon said and smiled a dragon’s smile.
%%%
The dawn was breaking and the sun through the trees awoke Dylan. Around him people were getting up and eating cold meat. The copse was now full of Stormclouds and Dylan could see Thunderground talking with the Shadow Ranger.
“Come with me,” Lucas told him. “We have to make haste, these trees can’t hide three dragons. Three dragons!” he shook his head.
The Sun rose above the trees and lit the foreboding front of the prison. It was huge and had high walls of stone built out from the mountainside. The walls were dotted with guard towers. They were completely flat and smooth on the outside and Dylan guessed on the inside too.   
Lucas, Connor and Dylan climbed onto the back of the dragon, Delinda. She was covered in scales that they could grab hold of, but despite this she felt quite smooth. Delinda spoke to them, telling them to move around until they were sitting in a spot she felt was the safest or them.
Mattaeus and d’Gaz took to Nagendra and the Twin Magicians rode upon Falaeus. The Stormclouds stood in the trees, ready to run at the large, wooden prison gates and Bell stood at the very edge of the clearing.
“Remember,” Nagendra said, “think of your target, envision it and Galvyn’s bow will do the rest. Even if you can’t see someone, the bow can find them.”
Bell merely nodded.
“Let us be to it,” the Shadow Ranger said.
Bell took an arrow and notched it. He sighted on a guard who was standing in one of the towers and pulled back. He breathed slowly three times and then let the arrow fly. It flew up into the air and whistled along. It went much further than an arrow should have and struck the guard in the chest. 
Bell was then moving with speed, sighting guards and firing upon them, keeping the Chinerthian in his mind as he did so. 
With the first shot the three dragons took to the air. Dylan felt the ground disappear under him and he left his stomach down there too. He gripped the dragon’s scales and stared at its back. The whole of the dragon’s body seemed to shake as it flapped its massive wings. And then Nagendra was flying past and Delinda sped up, aiming for the prison.
At first the guards were too stunned by the sight of the dragons to do anything, but then they were notching arrows into their bows. One let an arrow fly before Bell could take him down, another two didn’t get the chance. Someone started to ring an alarm bell before Bell shot him. It was enough though and the guards were scrambling to their stations.
The dragons were fast though and already they were over the prison walls and circling. Nagendra breathed fire across a guard tower and guards fell out screaming. As Falaeus flew over the gate he shot a fire bolt at it while the Twin Magicians shot magic bolts at the same time. The gate buckled, but did not yield.
Now Nagendra swooped into the compound and the Shadow Ranger and d’Gaz jumped from his back onto the walls. Immediately they were greeted by guards and they clashed swords back to back.
Nagendra lashed out at the gates with his taloned foot and it cracked outwards.
More guards were rushing out of the mountainside and Delinda covered them in fire before swooping up.
Falaeus swooped down to let the Twin Magicians hit the door once again with their magic and this time the doors split open. Falaeus sheathed the remains with fire and it burned.
From the copse Thunderground shouted the charge and the Stormclouds ran towards the now open prison.  
%%%
Delinda was already flying up to where the True King was being held and they could see rooms were built up along the mountainside, maybe carved from it. They flew to one with a small window.
“How do we get in there?” Lucas shouted.
“I can rip away the rock,” Delinda said.
“We might hurt the King,” Connor warned.
“I can fit through the window and warn him,” Dylan told them.
“Absolutely not,” Lucas commanded.
“We have to get him before they move him,” Connor said.
“Just be fast,” Dylan said squeezing Lucas’ shoulder and then he was up and running along Delinda’s tail which was held out to the window. He jumped and dived through the window, which was little more than a hole in the rock.
“What is this?” shouted one of the two guards in the room. The True King took no time to be amazed, but rather grabbed the shocked guard’s sword and hit him. The other guard drew his sword and the True King began fighting him.
Suddenly the wall started shaking.
“Get away from the wall,” Dylan shouted and the True King moved back whilst still fighting.
Outside the Twin Magicians blasted the rock with their magic opening up cracks which Delinda could get her talons into and tear a huge chunk away. 
Some of the wall was pulled free and the guard stopped fighting to stare at the dragon outside. The True King slayed him before turning to Dylan.
“What is this?”
“Rescue party,” Dylan grinned.
Lucas ran unsteadily along the tail of the dragon, this was not fun for him, until he could jump through the hole. He ran to Dylan to check he was OK, bowed quickly to the True King and then ran to the door to guard it.
“Come on,” his Dad shouted to them as Falaeus swooped away to protect them.
%%%
Thunderground and his men and women had pushed through the courtyard and into the prison entrance in the side of the mountain. There were more guards inside and they had the upper hand as they could hide and shoot arrows at anyone trying to enter.
“We need to get the people out,” the Shadow Ranger said as he ran up to Thunderground.
“I’m aware of that, Ranger, not as easy as it looks.”
“The dragonstone” d’Gaz shouted as he locked swords with a Chinerthian guard.
“What?”
“The Dragonstone, got to be plenty of skeletons in there.”
“Of course,” Mattaeus said and reached into his bag for Delinda’s Dragonstone.
%%%
The True King had managed to climb across Delinda’s tail and sat behind Connor.
“A pleasure to meet you, your Majesty.”
“Has the world changed so much in my captivity?”
“It’s changing now.”
Dylan climbed back onto the dragon, followed slowly by Lucas.
“Let’s go,” he shouted and Delinda flew high and then away from the prison to the Copse of Free Men.
%%%
Inside the caves the bones of those who had collapsed and been left to rot were once again active and attacking the Chinerthians as if in revenge for their cruel treatment. Terrified guards fought their way out of the mountain entrance, rushing out away from the skeletons and into the blades of the Stormcloaks. 
d’Gaz and Thunderground protected Mattaeus as he held the dragonstone, eyes closed, picturing Chinerthian guards in his head. He could feel the skeletons inside the prison; he felt light as if floating, as if he were many places at once.
The Chinerthians did not know what the Shadow Ranger was doing, but it made him look like the leader and captains shouted for him to be killed. Men piled at them and d’Gaz and Thunderground found themselves fighting two or three men at a time. Bell was still sighting men on the walls and firing arrows at them, stopping a lot, but not all from firing their own arrows at those inside.
“Get in there,” commanded Thunderground clashing with another guard, and Stormcloaks rushed in to set the captives free.
Though the Shadow Ranger was sure that the skeletons would only attack those he wanted them to, he wasn’t that sure and he opened his eyes and dropped the Dragonstone back into his bag.
Inside the prison the Stormclouds fought the leftover guards and tied up those who had given up at the sight of the skeletons. They shouted at the prisoners to escape out and where they found cells they smashed the locks and all around them lay the bones of the skeletons along with Chinerthian bodies.
Outside the battle was slowly ending as the attacking force now overwhelmed the Chinerthian guards and corralled them together to be bound. The Shadow Ranger and d’Gaz went back out the prison gates where Nagendra landed and flew them the short distance to the copse. Thunderground and his Stormclouds stayed behind to round up any remaining guards while prisoners flocked out of the gates and then stopped, not sure what to do with their sudden freedom. 

CHAPTER XXV

They stood by the copse, it was now night and they were lit by the full moon. The three dragons had left them to spread the news to others of their kind in the hope that they would now come out of hiding.
Nagendra had offered to go with them to Talon’s Fall, but the Shadow Ranger had declined. It was more important that they recruit more dragons, but also news of dragons would be more likely to reach the Black Queen. So under cover of darkness the dragons had left and the Stormclouds had set up a makeshift camp to eat and rest. 
Now came the most important part. Would the True King join them in the Quest, would he lead his world in a rebellion or would he shy away?
“So even now the Capital City is rebelling?” the True King asked.
“The last we heard,” the Shadow Ranger told him. “As soon as you landed safe in the copse a Stormcloud rode for the city to spread the word, bolster the people’s spirits. We have to assume that the news will reach Chinerthian ears.”
“Then we must get there before they can send out reinforcements.”
“No your Majesty, we want them to send as big of an army as they can.”
“Why?” The King asked incredulous.
“Talon’s Fall,” d’Gaz said, “is nigh on impenetrable, we have the best chance of beating the Chinerthian army there.”
“So you want as many as possible,” the True King rubbed his chin in thought. “It is a dangerous game you play, Shadow Ranger.”
“We have no choice, your Majesty, this could be our one and only time to restore the Balance.”
“And you will not let us contact Earth.”
“No, Sir,” Connor said. “It will not bring the happiness you think.”
“This you do not know for certain, such weapons in Good hands could be used well.”
“Yes, Sir, do not think I am suggesting anything. But you must look into the future; will they stay in good hands? Will the next King see things as you do?”
“Again you are willing to play with the lives of this World on ifs, buts and maybes,” The True King said tiredly.
“Yes, Sir, but also think of all that you do not know of Earth. If you walked through the Portal no one would believe you. If you brought them here, if they saw this, they would not necessarily want to help you. Our leaders are not necessarily good people, they think more of profit and the Chinerthians may offer them better prospects, or they may decide to just take over all of the Four Worlds.”
“So be it, so be it,” the King said. “Let us ride then to Talon’s Fall and begin our future, or our last stand.”
%%%
They rode through the night having taken work horses from the prison. The Foreshadow rode to Talon’s Fall while the Stormclouds rode back to the Capital City and would then go through the Portal.
It was nearly midday by the time they reached Talon’s Fall having ridden across grasslands and through forests. They had ridden away from the Articus Mountains, but had kept for the most part two new peaks ahead of them.
As they came out of a forest and onto rolling grasslands Dylan could see that the two peaks were not another mountain range, but two solitary peaks. Harder rock that had not been eroded with its surroundings. The two peaks were close together and had steep, almost vertical sides to them. One had a jagged peak, the other had an almost flat top. As they drew closer Dylan could see that there was a high wall built between the two rock formations and he could even see tiny men walking across the top of them.
“When was this built?” Dylan asked Lucas.
“No idea,” he replied. “A long, long time ago.”
“Some say it was built by the ancients of this land,” Bell said riding next to them.
“Who were they?”
Bell laughed. “Even I am not old enough to remember them, young Guardian.”
They stopped some way off, letting those on the battlements get a good look at them. It would not do to be hit by an arrow by your own allies.
After a while the flag of the True King started being hoisted and the Shadow Ranger took that to be a good sign and started forward once more.
They rode up to the double gates as they opened. Dylan could not believe the size of them. They had to be at least as tall as a house and the walls were even taller. Close up though, he could see that they were old, the walls had some cracks in them, chunks of masonry had fallen and vines did their best to climb.
“Will it hold?” he asked Lucas.
“It had better.”
Connor was also amazed as they rode in. He could see that this fortress had been built between the two massive rock outcrops with a wall at either end of the space between, completely enclosing that space and making it seemingly impossible to enter. Looking up at the two high peaks he doubted even a truly skilled rock climber could get up them. Certainly not without being noticed. Inside there were dilapidated wooden huts that even now men were fixing. Wood and stone had been used to construct stairs and walkways up the side of the rock and there were large buildings up along the rock face, perhaps even having been built at cave entrances.
“What’s the plan?” Connor asked Mattaeus as they came to a stop.
“Rest, plan and wait. You and the others will get fresh horses and ride to the Portal before Chinerthian forces gather.
“How long do you give ‘em?” d’Gaz asked.
“A week at least, they must gather their forces and then search. This is the most obvious place, but they can’t risk missing us somewhere else.”
“My Lord and Liege,” Commander Harris greeted on one knee as the True King dismounted.
“Harris, arise and let me look at you,” the King looked him up and down and then laid his hands on Harris’ shoulders. “Still as strong and dignified as ever,” he smiled.
“Thank you, your Majesty, it is good to see you free again.”
“It is good to be free again, but we have much work to do.”
“There is a room made ready for you, Sire,” Harris told him and pointed to one of the larger rooms against the rock wall.
They all walked up the wooden stairs and Dylan could see that there were a lot of men and women working and practicing with weapons. He felt better about everything. This was a strong place and these were good soldiers. Real soldiers.
Inside there was a long table with chairs and they sat.
“For now we rest and regain our strength,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“And after all this?” the True King asked.
“After all this we move back to the Capital City and urge the men and women of Sylvae to rise up.”
“That will only bring more Chinerthian troops through the Portal,” the King noted.
“Yes, it will and it will leave less on the other Worlds.”
“And you hope for them to join you also,” the King stated.
“We do, your Majesty,” Bell said. “We will go through and make contact with the Magician’s Star.”
“And we will be a thorn in the side of any troops trying to get to the Portal,” d’Gaz added.
“It will have to be enough,” the True King sighed. “Let us bathe and eat.”
%%%
It was still dark outside when Lucas awoke. He had been having strange dreams of the Princess of Earth and Stone. He was in the Prison of Articus, deep in the mountain and all around him were people in cells pleading to be released, but he stood at the end of a rock corridor and there she stood, beautiful in shimmering grey. 
“Lucas,” she said. “Your life continues to be in the Mountains. You are referred to as a Man Mountain and you act as a rock to the young Guardian.”
“It is merely the way of things, Princess,” he replied.
“No, nothing is the way of things anymore, everything has been changed,” she stopped in thought. “Or maybe nothing has changed, maybe this is His doing all along.”
“I do not understand you, Princess.”
“It matters not, Lucas, you must be ready to defend yet more stone and it will not protect you, Lucas, it will fall.”
And then his dreams had changed to the raging Battle of Tahoma, the Mountain City.
And then he awoke with a start, sweat beading his brow and wetting his long hair.
He tried to find a comfortable position, but it was no good. He was hungry.
He left the building and could see that the Sun was dawning, the light came pale over the walls, but the Sun could not yet be seen. He walked to the food storage and entered. It was built into the mountain so that the food could stay cool. At the front there was much to eat, but not enough for an army, and he decided out of curiosity to look further back into the storeroom.
He found a torch in the light seeping from the door, lit it and walked deeper into the room. It was strange, there were a number of crates stacked here, almost like a wall. He tried to lift one and it was heavy. What food were they storing in crates? He put his back into it and lifted one to the floor. He pried it open with his strong hands to find rocks and sand. Rocks and sand? What was this? He thrust his torch through the gap and looked behind the crates. The rest of the storage room, instead of holding food to support an army for weeks, was empty.
And then the alarm horns were sounded.
%%%
“Archers to the ready,” someone shouted.
“What is this?” the True King asked as Mattaeus, Bell, d’Gaz and the Twin Magicians entered.
“The Chinerthian army has come upon us in the night, Sire,” the Shadow Ranger told him.
“How is this? You said a week at least.”
“I know not, perhaps they are taking a stab, this is the most obvious place for us to go.”
“For now we need to rally the troops, my Lord,” d’Gaz said.
“Yes, yes,” the True King nodded and then Lucas barged into the room.
“No food,” he gasped.
“Not now, Lucas,” Bell said.
“No, no. No food in storage, never was.”
“What?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“Only enough at the front for a few more days, made so no one would see,” Lucas panted, out of breath.
“We are deceived,” the Shadow Ranger cried, “Treachery.”
“Whom?” the True King asked.
“Only a few could do this, stay here, Sire.
“Sisters, bring the Guardians here and then go to the battlements. Lucas stay here and guard the King.”
They ran out of the room and along a wooden walkway to the top of the battlements. Out in the grassland they could see a large Chinerthian army closing on them. 
“How have they got here so fast?” Bell asked.
“They would have had to been close when we were at the prison,” d’Gaz said.
“Yes,” agreed Mattaeus, “if this is treachery perhaps they were meant to corner us there.”
“They close in,” Bell said.
“The watchmen should have spotted them hours ago, treachery indeed,” d’Gaz said and unsheathed his sword.
“Archers prepare,” someone shouted and the men lining the walls raised their notched bows.
There was a great shout from the Chinerthian army and suddenly a great chunk of soldiers charged forward.
“What, by Thunder, are they doing?” d’Gaz cried.
“Fire!” 
Arrows blackened the morning sky and many Chinerthians fell. The Chinerthians answered with arrows of their own and everyone ducked.
“What’s that noise?” Bell asked.
“By Thunder, they’re opening the gates,” the Shadow Ranger shouted. “Down! Down!”

CHAPTER XXVI

The three of them ran down the stairs as Kaitlin and Alura ran up.
Straight away they launched magic up and out at the Chinerthian soldiers.
“Prepare, prepare,” the Shadow Ranger shouted as Chinerthians reached the gates and rushed through.
The King’s soldiers met them and battle commenced. The clang of metal against metal, the shrieks of the wounded filled the air. The Chinerthians managed to push through so that the whole area inside the walls was filled with fighting.
The Shadow Ranger saw a man by the door and ran to him. The soldier raised his sword, but Mattaeus disappeared into a shadow cast by the gate and appeared again behind the man, stabbing him. Another traitor ran at him and they clashed swords.
Bell used Galvyn’s bow to take out as many as he could as they came through the gates and then pulled his sword.
d’Gaz stood in the middle of a circle of Chinerthians swinging his mighty cutlass. One attacked, fell back as another came at him. He cut this man down, slashed another one.
The archers opened fire again as more Chinerthian soldiers charged to the gates. Kaitlin and Alura sent more blasts at the back of the army and men on horseback raced along the line keeping them from running.
“The True King,” Mattaeus shouted to Bell who looked to see men running up the stairs towards Lucas. He ran and grabbed a quiver of arrows from the ground and began to fire on the Chinerthians.
Lucas stood, feet set with his great double-sided axe in his hands. No one was getting past him, not because of the King, but because Dylan was in the room. And he was The Protector.
The first man got to him and he swung his axe, beheading the man. The man behind fell to Bell’s arrow and the next slashed upwards. Lucas stepped aside and used the tip of the axe to push him off the walkway and then he was swinging at the next.
Bell continued to aim and fire, taking as many as he could, but there was a seemingly endless stream.
The Shadow Ranger swept through the enemy soldiers, slicing and thrusting as he went and then he disappeared into the shadow against one of the rock walls.
d’Gaz smashed a soldier in the face with his cutlass butt and then a King’s soldier sliced his back. He stumbled forward and then spun.
“Traitor,” he seethed and sliced off the man’s sword arm. 
He was then cutting his way through, trying to help the King’s soldiers that were overwhelmed. He was trying to reach the stairs to the King, but was diverted by a new surge of Chinerthians.
Lucas was now fighting two men with a third trying to push upwards.
Bell was sword fighting with three Chinerthians; he spun, swung, ducked and leapt, taking them down.
The Shadow Ranger appeared out of the shadows and stuck the point of his sword into the back of Commander Harris.
“It could only have been you,” he said.
“So be it,” Harris replied. “You are outnumbered and overwhelmed.”
“A dying wish?”
“Only that the Chinerthians had not tarried and had caught you at the prison, I do not wish to see so many of my soldiers die.”
“So be it,” the Shadow Ranger said and pushed his sword through Harris’ body.
The King’s soldiers seemed to be winning as the archers and Magicians cut down the charging army and the skills of the Foreshadow cut through the soldiers inside, but then more were charging through the gate, there were just too many Chinerthians.
Alura sent a bolt of magic and blasted three men running up to attack Lucas; Kaitlin pointed to a solider about to slash Bell and his heart stopped. Bell, saved, let fly more arrows at the stairs and killed another two men as they were attacking Lucas.
On the stairs the air was filled with Lucas’ axe as it swung back and forth, up and down, but he was tiring and there were many more to take the place of the fallen.
“We are losing,” d’Gaz panted as he came back to back with the Shadow Ranger.
“Keep fighting, Murtagh, I have called for backup.”
“From whom? No one can get here this fast.”
And then Nagendra swooped overhead followed by Delinda and Falaeus.
Delinda swooped left to where Lucas was fighting and ate three Chinerthians from the walkway and she grabbed two more in her talons and threw them to the ground.
Nagendra and Falaeus were swooping low over the fighting men and women, grabbing at Chinerthians with their mouths and talons. The wind their wings created made it hard to stand let alone fight, plus the dragons terrified the Chinerthians and they started to try and pull back to the gate.
The archers on the battlement drew down on the soldiers as they tried to reach the gate.
Delinda was now outside breathing fire on the remaining few ranks of Chinerthians and they began to break and flee.
Nagendra landed on the mountain peak, Falaeus on the flat top and they both shrieked. It was just too much for the Chinerthians.
The Shadow Ranger shouted for the King’s soldiers to pull back, let them get to the gates and the word spread. The people parted and the Chinerthians fled.
The Battle of the Treachery of Talon’s Fall was over.
The King’s soldiers collapsed from exhaustion, many wearily eyeing the dragons, only believing, hoping, that they were allies. The great doors were swung slowly shut by tired men.
As the three dragons took to the sky, many ducked and cringed, but the dragons flew over the battlements in pursuit of the fleeing Chinerthians.
The Foreshadow of Balance rushed the stairs having to kick away the dead bodies and met a bloodied and battered Lucas who just smiled at them.
“A Protector indeed,” Mattaeus laid hands on his shoulders and smiled.
“I had help,” Lucas said and smiled over Mattaeus’ shoulder.
“I wouldn’t leave you alone,” Bell smiled.
Mattaeus knocked on the door. “You Majesty, the battle is over and we are victorious. We enter.”
The True King lowered his sword as the Shadow Ranger stepped inside. Dylan and Connor stood behind him, Connor also with sword drawn.
“We are victorious,” he said.
“We are,” Mattaeus returned.
“Thanks to you. All of you. I start to believe that Sylvae can be freed.”
%%%
The dead were buried, the injured tended to and food was eaten before the True King readied himself to address his troops.
“And of the traitor?” he asked the Shadow Ranger.
“Harris.”
“Harris? I believe it not.”
“No one else could have orchestrated it. There was no food because he thought that the Chinerthians would have us at the prison. 
“For some reason they were delayed and marched on behind us.”
“But why?”
“I can only presume that the Chinerthians got to him a long time ago. It is a clever move. Give the Commander of the Armies whatever it is that he wants in return for never regrouping the armies. Any thought of rebellion from the ranks would be quashed by him.”
“Yes, yes, he could tell them that the time was not right or some such lies. Keep them deliberately scattered.”
“It was an elaborate plan to make it look as if we had failed, it would have disheartened the army further, perhaps they planned to still come here and slaughter the troops. It matters not anymore.”
“Then let us address the troops, the time for rebellion is at hand.”
The True King stood on the wooden platform outside his room and looked down on his remaining soldiers.
“Today you few have won a great battle. A battle against our enemies, against injustice, against Imbalance. This is not the end, but the beginning. Finally we have shown that we are ready, ready to fight, ready to win. This World will no longer lie under the rule of others, no longer will the people toil and not reap.
“You are small in number, but you are not the only soldiers out there waiting for this time, waiting to rejoin the Armies of the King and we will find them, we will call them to arms. They will join us and together we will fight, we will reclaim this World as our own.
“The flag will be flown across all Sylvae and we will defeat any who stand against it.
“Balance will be restored!” 
A great cheer went up from the soldiers and they thrust their swords in the air. 
“Be ready, true and loyal soldiers for soon we ride. We ride for the Capital City, we reclaim Athenstan, what is ours, and I,” he smiled down at them, “would like to go home.”
More cheers.

EPILOGUE

They all stood outside of Talon’s Fall next to their horses.
“So this is it?” Connor asked.
“For now,” Mattaeus answered. “The Stormclouds will contact you.”
“How?” Dylan asked.
“Before they left, Alura and I joined with Thunderground’s Orb. We can communicate with it, and he with us through it,” Kaitlin explained with a smile.
“Cool,” Dylan responded.
“You will be well, Bell,” Mattaeus told him.
“Am I ready to lead?”
“You are and you are not alone.”
“Certainly not,” d’Gaz said putting an arm around his shoulders.
“Find the Magician’s Star, lead them to our cause and all will be well,” Mattaeus told them.
“I don’t want you to go,” Dylan said.
“It will be well, young Guardian, I will follow you through when I can. I will not leave you.”
Connor stepped forward and shook Mattaeus by the hand. “Good luck to you, Shadow Ranger,” then he gave Alura a brief hug.
They all said their farewells in similar fashion. Kaitlin and Alura hugged for a long time and then they mounted their horses. Mattaeus looked at them all.
“We are but the Foreshadow of Balance, we now ride to lengthen that shadow and finally bring Peace and Balance out of the darkness. May the Righteous watch over us all,” and then he and Alura rode to where the King and his soldiers waited.
The five watched them go and then Bell took a deep breath.
“Let us be gone,” he said and spurred his horse.


Part II, ‘Five Tasks’ can be found HERE

WELCOME TO THE LIBRARY OF THE UNIVERSES

WHAT IS THE LIBRARY?
The Library was built at the centre of the Multiverse and contains histories, biographies, treaties and stories from all the Universes. Particularly those involving the likes of the Righteous, the King Imminent and those that play their parts in this wider story such as the Ten Kingdoms and the Five Worlds.
Read the books and you will find clues and truths of this greater story within them. But beware that you don’t’ gain too much knowledge as knowledge is power and power gets you noticed by dark and terrible beings.

THE BOOKS
Each book is written to be read as a single story (or series), but there are overlaps so that the more books you read the more information you build of other stories.
Not only that, but they gradually build a bigger picture, a meta-narrative, a greater tale of good vs evil.
Find them at Smashwords here:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DangerousWalker

FACEBOOK
Join the fun at, get news and connect with the author: 
www.facebook.com/dangerous.w

THE VIDEOS
“Extracts with Dangerous” is a series of videos where the author reads extracts from his books as well as poems, songs and how to tie a bowtie.
Have a watch here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_wfTGLScjma4IxmF9nB0A

TWITTER
Literally everything ends up here:
https://twitter.com/DangerousWalke1



