In an effort to work on his relationship with his self-involved wife, Joanie, Curt takes their son Tommy to visit his grandmother in Rogue, Montana. Tommy is taken on a fantastical adventure when his grandmother tells him a story about Rogue many moons ago. It starts in the eighteen-twenties with Lucinda, the unhappy wife of an impoverished fisherman, who more than anything wants a child of her own, and will do the unthinkable to get her wish—even kill.
Shadow wolves stalk the forest in search of prey, wreaking havoc and terror on eighteen-hundreds Rogue. Reports of people claiming to have seen sightings of another kind of animal, a mythical silver wolf, spread to the papers and soon the elusive creature is known only as The Beast of Rogue.
Clementine, a miner’s daughter, is in love with a young man whose world is very different from hers. The two met there at The Falls, and were drawn together by a similar tragedy. Her father, the miner, has never gotten over the disappearance of his wife, Suzanna. Despite the whispered rumors that she took off and abandoned him and their small daughter, Clementine, he holds out hope that one day she’ll return. Although he swore he’d never remarry, it’s not long before his continued loneliness brings him to The House of the Rising Sun, and into the arms of a woman who bears a striking resemblance to his long-lost wife, Suzanna.
What happens next will have lasting effects as a clash between good and evil ensues, culminating in a shocking revelation that shakes the town of Rogue to its very core. Rogue and the surrounding forest stir and come alive with ancient echoes from the past, bringing unimaginable horror in their wake. The Beast of Rogue is a magical tale that takes a spine-tingling twist on an old folk ballad. 
The Beast of Rogue is a work of fiction. All characters and situations are used fictitiously and is the product of the author’s imagination.
By Autumn Russell
Copyright 2016 Autumn Russell
First Edition
Made in the USA
Lexington, KY
31 May 2016
Thank you to Todd Hebertson for the cover design, and to Elisabeth Hallett for the editing of this book.
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
The Beast of Rogue
Autumn Russell
Copyright © 2016 Autumn Russell
All rights reserved.
ISBN:9781310731914
ISBN-1

PROLOGUE
Notes of a fiddle floated through the air. The little girl of around four wandered away from the crowd of townsfolk, whose laughter faded off into the distance the further she went. But the little girl was aware of none of this, nor was she aware of the danger that was about to befall them all.
A field of wildflowers growing from lush green meadows rolled out in front of her. An expanse of blue daisies went on for as far as she could see. The sun sat high above in the cloudless sky, casting a warm glow on the idyllic scene below.
A butterfly landed at the little girl’s feet but when she tried to grab it, the colorful insect took flight and flitted away. The beauty of the day, warmth from the sun, and even the butterfly that always remained just out of reach, all beckoned her onward. Further she ran, through the field of daisies, laughing as the tall flowers hit against her face, the air redolent of their scent.
From somewhere behind, arms reached out to unexpectedly scoop her up off the ground. She was frightened at first, until the person who had her, spun her around and she immediately saw the smiling face of her mother, who laughed and said, “I found you, Busy Bee!”
She knew then that everything was all right and she giggled at her mother’s words. She squealed in delight as her mother tickled her, then set her back on her feet, and kneeling down to eye level said, “Close your eyes, Busy Bee, count to ten and when you open them come and find me.” She reached out a hand and smoothed down her hair. “Are you ready?”
Giving a vigorous nod of her head, the little girl smiled, then covered her eyes with her hands, just like her mother taught her to do many times before. This game of hide and seek was something they always played. She peered out in time to see her mother’s long hair and skirts whip out behind as she ran toward the large tree up ahead. Then she closed her eyes and quickly finished counting. But even as she started forward, she knew that before she ever had a chance to make it to the tree, her mother would come out and scoop her up in her arms, tell her what a great tracker she’d someday make, and afterward they’d return to their cabin with her older brother and papa, where the four of them would have a slice of her mother’s chocolate cake before bed.
As the little girl neared, her eyes never left the lone tree that stood regal and tall. Any moment now she expected to see the long black hair of her mother as she whirled out from behind the thick trunk, her navy blue dress and bonnet blowing out around her in the afternoon breeze. But as she continued forward nothing happened. She made it all the way up to the tree and peered behind it but still found nothing, no trace of her mother.
“Mommy?”
For the first time she was unsure, and had become uncomfortably aware of how far she’d wandered from town. Taking cautious slow steps, she walked to the edge of the field and peered down the steep drop.
There at the foot of the ravine stood a lone wolf hungrily feeding on what was left of her mother. Blacker than night, the animal was more shifting shadow than a solid form. The little girl’s eyes locked with the large yellow eyes of the beast, then she shattered the calm with a thin, high-pitched scream.
Not long after, a group of men came running with their axes and weapons at the ready but it was too late. The beast with the yellow glowing eyes had disappeared and had taken its grisly meal with it, leaving only some navy blue sash behind.
The little girl cried herself to sleep that night; it was the first of many nights to come that she and her brother would spend without a goodnight story from their mother.
THAT VERY SAME NIGHT ACROSS TOWN
Her fingers groped for the pearl handle of the letter opener. The man that pushed inside her, and now rutted on top of her like some unreasoning animal, was oblivious to his imminent death and the violence that would precede it.
A burst of giddiness swept through her as her fingers curled around the smooth handle of the letter opener that at one time had been her mother’s, and would ultimately serve as a deadly weapon – a weapon which she now wielded in both her hands, the sharp tip poised over the back of the man who lay on top of her.
Her gaze locked with the hollow stare of the woman who looked down at her from the sparkling chandelier. Her full, cherry-red lips mouthed the words, “You can do this.”
Yes. She could do this. No – not just could, but would do this, and would love every minute of burying this very blade into the man’s back, just as he buried himself deep inside of her – it seemed fitting somehow.
She timed the movement of his hips, and with his next thrust, she too thrust the sharp-edged blade deep into his back. The woman in the crystal chandelier smiled down her approval on the scene below. After the initial thrust of the letter opener, she looked on in amazement as bright crimson pooled from the neat little gash that had been made in the smooth flesh. Her breath caught at the first sight of blood, she wasn’t at all sure what kind of reaction to expect from this stranger whom she’d just mortally wounded – would he simply roll over and die? Or would he try to kill her just as surely as she was killing him now?
But the reaction she got was none of these things, it only seemed to incite him to thrust deeper and faster, which in turn caused her to match his thrusts with the thrust of the blade. Over and over again she ripped the blood-drenched, pearl-handled letter opener from the gaping wound his back had become, only to plunge it deep inside him once more. Blood poured from his back and came down like warm sticky bathwater to cover her and soak into the bed sheets. Crying out in ecstasy, she stabbed him again and again, and then amazingly he moved off of her, and winced in pain when he felt his back and the blood she’d drawn from it with her nails, when she raked them along his skin. He was staring down at her now, his face a mask of contorted rage.
That’s when she realized what she’d done, or in this case not done. She had never harmed him as she thought, at least not mortally, but instead had merely imagined stabbing him. The entire duration he’d been pleasuring himself on top of her, she’d only raked her nails along his back, digging them into his flesh while keeping her unblinking stare fastened on the letter opener – the letter opener that remained out of reach and undisturbed sitting on the dresser a few feet away. This fantasy was reoccuring and became more and more real in her mind with each of the men she bedded. Now looking up into his eyes and the way they darkened, she knew what would come next – had seen that exact expression on the faces of other men in the past.
“You crazy bitch, look at what you did to me. Goddamn! You made me bleed. I should kill you for that. Whores like you don’t deserve to live.”
She heard herself answer and say, “No, I should have killed you.” The last thing she saw was his fist as it came crashing down on her, and then a burst of pain as it connected with her face. This was followed by a dull aching and then nothingness.
She came to moments later to see the face of one of the girls who worked there at the brothel hovering over her. Gradually her vision, at least through one eye, came back into focus, and it was then that she saw the worried expression on the other woman’s face. Her lips were moving and she was saying something, but Bella couldn’t make out the words. She continued to watch through a kind of foggy haze, almost as if whatever had happened, had happened to someone else and she was merely an invisible spectator, as the woman who had been staring down at her called in some of the other girls, who also now gathered around to stare at her, almost as if she were some kind of freak in a sideshow. She was only able to make out bits and pieces of the ensuing conversation. Their voices and the words spoken swirled somewhere far above her.
“She’s hurt,” said the first woman.
“There’s another customer waiting downstairs,” said another.
“She can’t work like this,” protested the other woman.
The sound of rustling skirts filled the room as more women came in to look at Bella’s face, and the blackened eye that was quickly swelling shut, marring her perfect beauty.
The madam pushed her way through the group of women and studied Bella’s face with detached indifference. When she spoke her voice sounded as though it was miles away. “She’s a mess, but the client that’s waiting downstairs is a regular here and he requested Bella.”
“You can’t possibly expect her to entertain – not in her condition,” argued one of the women.
“I run this establishment, and I can expect and will expect certain things out of all of you.” Her gaze focused on their faces. “I’m the one who provides shelter to each and every one of you. And those paying customers out there are the only reason why none of us go to bed hungry. Now I’m about to make myself very clear – I don’t care if every single one of you is half dead,” she paused, “or beaten within an inch of your lives. As long as there’s paying customers, every girl who works in this brothel is not only expected, but is required to meet all their needs. Those of you who don’t like that can get the hell out of my house now!”
The madam’s harsh words were met with stunned silence.
Bella was only vaguely aware of the madam as she looked the rest of her over for further injury, much the way a cattle rustler would inspect one of the herd that had little to no value. She was disposable along with the rest of the girls who worked there, and they all knew it. None of them mattered and they were all interchangeable. When they grew too old to be desirable they would be left to die in the harsh outside elements. There was no happy ending for them, nothing to look forward to.
“The only thing wrong with her is her face, and that will heal – in the meantime, the rest of her is perfectly capable of satisfying any basic need our customers might have.” Her voice then lowered as she turned to the woman who first found Bella, and said, “Stay here and keep a watch on her. I want to know if her condition worsens. It won’t do to lose her, she’s one of my best. I’m going to take care of some things, and also let the customer who’s waiting know what kind of state she’s in. I hate losing business, but I offer only beautiful girls here, and I can’t afford making a paying regular dissatisfied over being given a girl who’s only semi-conscious, with a blackened eye that’s swollen shut. She doesn’t look pretty, and our customers expect pretty.” The madam finished these last words with a frustrated sigh.
She doesn’t look pretty…
The words so callously spoken by the madam on her way out of the room hadn’t caused the single tear that escaped Bella’s eye and trickled down her face, but rather it was caused by the memory those words evoked.
She doesn’t look pretty…
Those were the first words Bella remembered having heard uttered by her mother when she was old enough to understand, and the same words she would continue to utter to her as she grew into a troubled young woman.
^^^
Eyes the color and shade of ice, the woman who once had worked in a brothel herself before getting enough money together to buy her own, stepped out onto the indoor balcony and scanned the noise-filled, crowded floor below. She spotted the last customer Bella had been with almost immediately. She prided herself for always being aware of who was doing what with what girl. Being stolen from was something she wouldn’t tolerate, and she had no patience for men who used her services and then didn’t want to pay up. She was now staring directly at the man responsible for damaging what she considered to be her property. Shouting so as to be heard above the din of laughter and voices, she called down to him, “You messed up the face of one of my girls – now what do you think a businesswoman like myself should do about that?”
The cowboy sniggered with the group of men he was drinking with, then tipped up his hat, and met her steely gaze with one of his own. “Well, I don’t rightly know, little miss, but if you know what’s good for you, you’ll close your mouth before I give your pretty little face the same treatment I gave that bitch upstairs.”
“That bitch you’re referring to just so happens to belong to me, including what was a pretty face – you see, the dilemma we’re currently facing is what are you going to do about it?”
The cowboy took a swig of whiskey then looked at the other men he was with, chuckled and said, “You heard the lady, boys. She wants to know what we’re going to do about it.”
“My quarrel isn’t with them – only you.”
Shoving out of his chair and standing to his full height, the tall cowboy said, “And just what are you going to do about it?”
“You damaged merchandise that belongs to me, and in order for this matter to be resolved peaceably, the way I see it is that you owe me an entire week’s worth of pay that my girl can’t make with the condition that you left her in.”
Taking a deliberate step forward, he said, “Funny – because I don’t remember ever wanting to resolve the matter.”
Reaching beneath the heavy skirts of her dress, she slipped the six-shooter free from the holster, then trained the gun’s barrel directly at him.
He paused and gave a surprised step back. “You should be more careful with that – it could be dangerous.”
“It’s not the weapon that’s dangerous. It’s the person holding it that makes it dangerous,” she said evenly.
His surprised expression changed into a smirk, then turned into a look of cold murderous rage. “I don’t take kindly to threats, especially when they’re coming from whores. Why, I’d be willin’ to bet that you don’t know the first thing about how to even work a gun – much less shoot one.” With a glint in his eye he moved steadily up the stairs toward her.
Without hesitation the madam pulled the trigger. A single shot rang out, followed by a quick succession of  more shots.
The group of men who just moments earlier had been watching the whole thing, laughing and calling out cajoling remarks, fell silent as they stared at their friend who lay dying on the stairwell, a look of frozen shock on his face that had quickly drained of all color. He groped for the banister with one hand, and smeared a trail of blood down the railing and onto the steps. He brought his hand that was soaked in bright crimson up to his face, as if he couldn’t quite believe what had just happened. “That bitch just shot me.” He looked to his friends who were all on their feet now watching him. He slowly slid a few steps down before his eyes glossed over, before he tumbled the rest of the way down and lay at the foot of the stairs in a crumpled heap.
Someone called out from the crowd, “You’re dead now, whore.” This was followed by hoots and hollers, before all fell silent.
Angry over the death of their friend, the remaining five drew their weapons. “Let’s have us a little fun like we did in Miles City. You remember that, don’tcha, boys?” said the leader of the group. He gave a grimacing half grin. “We all shot that whore at the same time. When we were finished with her, she had more holes in her than what she was born with – kinda like how you did ole Danny boy here, only worse.” His eyes narrowed as he trained the barrel of his gun on her. “Oh yeah. We really showed her. We had us some real fun – fun that I’m just now gettin’ a real bad itchin’ for again.”
The madam made no reply to this, her eyes remained as cold and expressionless as the group of killers that threatened her.
“What’s a matter, darlin’? Aint you gonna cry and beg the way the other whore did, right before we shot her? Come to think of it, maybe I was wrong about you. I can see you’re the type that just might be in need of a little encouragin’.”
“I aint shed a tear in all my years of livin’ nor have I ever begged anyone for anything. And I aint about to start now.”
His eyes glimmered with rage. “Like I said, you might be in need of a little encouragement –” He then pretended to fire the drawn weapon he kept pointed at her. He glanced back at the others and said, “Feisty little thing, aint she? You know, I’m beginnin’ to think that to send her to meet her Maker without first properly introducin’ ourselves would be a real shame – a real cryin’ shame.” He tucked the gun back into his pants and moved steadily up the stairwell toward her. “What’d ya say boys we have ourselves a real good time. I’ll go first –”
“Then you’ll be the second to die. I would say first – only it looks to me like your friend who’s currently bleeding all over my floor beat you to that.”
His lips twisted into a teeth-baring snarl as he took the stairs two at a time and lunged for her, but she’d already anticipated this, and easily moved back just out of reach, then said, “It’s still not too late for you and your friends down there to back out.”
The cowboy who had just lunged for her, turned and glanced back down to where his friends stood, and said, “Well, well, would you just look at that, boys – I do believe the lady here means she wants us to let her go.” He turned to her once more. His face lost all expression as he said, “Only thing is, we can’t do that. Not after the way she killed ole Danny boy, now can we?” He watched her with a studied expression, then cocked his head off to the side. “You – you understand, don’tcha?” He reached down into his pants and pulled out his gun again and pointed the barrel at her once more. “Now I’d be willin’ to bet that you done went and fired out all six rounds into our friend down there – so I’d say you’re clean outta luck.” A slow smile spread across his face.
He was about to step up onto the landing when she said, “No, I don’t guess you rightly could. I only hoped for your sake you would.”
“Oh. Now would you look at that – the whore has a heart after all. Too bad I’m going to put a big ole hole in it.” He looked back and laughed some more with his gang of outlaws who stood at the bottom of the landing.
“I have a proposition to make,” said the madam.
“You have a proposition to make? Coming from a whore that doesn’t somehow surprise me, but you see, my boys and I here, well, we aint too much in the habit of askin’ for anything, we’re more in the habit of just takin’.”
“Don’t flatter yourself. I’d enter the bowels of hell and take you down with me before I let you so much as breathe on me.”
His eyes narrowed, and when he spoke there was a dangerous edge to his voice, “From where I’m standin’ I believe your exact words were, I have a proposition –” He crossed over to her with his gun still in hand and nudged her with it. “Now did I hear you right – or didn’t I?”
Keeping her voice steady, she said, “A proposition to a gun fight.”
“A gun fight – with you?”
“My brother taught me how to shoot. I can handle myself just fine. Unless, of course, you’re scared.”
A shadow loomed over his face, but quickly vanished and was replaced with a broad grin, and without tearing his gaze from hers, he called down to the others and said, “The little lady here wants a gunfight. We’ll give her a gunfight. She’s under the impression that just because she got lucky and shot ole Danny boy there when he wasn’t expectin’ it, she thinks she can do the same to us. Although I don’t see how she expects to win a gunfight with an empty gun – unless of course she’s got another hidden ’neath those skirts of hers.” He chuckled as he made his way down to where the rest of his gang stood.
“Your friend got exactly what he deserved.”
He’d made it to the bottom step when he came to a standstill and stiffened.“You know I’m really gettin’ tired of your mouth – I think I’ll shut it early.” The leader spun around and he and the rest of the men were about to fire their pistols, when fast as lightning the madam pulled the trigger of the second gun she’d kept hidden within the folds of her dress. A rapid blast of gunfire rang out, leaving all five sprawled out on the floor before they could get off a shot. All of them were dead except one.
Blowing the smoke off the barrel of the gun, the madam slipped it back in its holster. She slowly made her way down to where the leader lay, his body sprawled out on the stairs, still alive and gurgling up blood. Kneeling down so he could hear her, she said, “I think I forgot to mention that my brother – the one who taught me how to shoot, is a gunslinger – or maybe, you and your boys just forgot to ask. One important thing he taught me was to never be caught with only one gun.” With the man dying at her feet, the madam went on to address the crowd of onlookers. “For those of you who are new tonight or just might need a reminder, this is my establishment, and you’re all paying guests here, and will be treated as such, provided that you treat the merchandise with care – damage the merchandise, and I’ll damage you. I won’t tolerate disrespect of any kind. Unlike the no-good scoundrels whose blood is now pooling on my expensive steps and floor, it would be in all your best interests to remember that. Now get these bodies outside before the blood soaks in and ruins my floor.”
The nearest bystanders lent themselves to the task, and one by one dragged the men out the door and onto the street. A few of the girls hurried over with buckets of soap and water and began cleaning up the blood.
The madam called down to the girl stationed at the piano, “Start the music!”
Notes from the piano rang out and the brothel soon was filled with boisterous shouts and laughter as everyone went back to the activities of the evening.
The madam went in search of Bella’s next customer. After making the necessary arrangements, she made her way down the long, wide hall, skirts swishing as she walked with a bounce and purpose to her step, when a longtime admirer of hers who regularly frequented the place, caught up with her. “That was some gunfight back there. You’re a mighty good shot and an amazing woman to behold, Elvira Mae. I almost woulda felt sorry for ’em had they not had it comin’ like they did. You did a right good job at puttin’ that there gang of killers right where they belong, and shoulda been years earlier. The sheriff and his deputies should be thankful to you for riddin’ this town of scum like them.”
She only smiled at his words of praise and said, “You know as well as I that the sheriff would rather drink poison from a rattlesnake’s fangs than do somethin’ like that.”
“Sadly I’d have to reckon you’re probably right about that. Although I still think that you would make the best female sheriff this here town has ever seen.” He reached out to touch a lock of her pale golden hair. “You’re a vision of beauty to behold.”
“And you’re a fool for noticing.”
“Elvira Mae,” he began carefully, “there’s somethin’ I’ve been a meanin’ to tell you – I’ve held back saying it for too long now, and I think it’s time I was honest about my feelings and intentions toward you.”
She surprised him with her next words, when she said, “I already know. I’ve known for a long time – don’t you think a grown woman knows when she’s bein’ courted?”
He blushed slightly. “I guess, now that I’m thinkin’ about it and we’re discussin’ it like the way we are, well, I guess maybe I have been a little forward.”
“I know what you’re gonna say and I’d just as soon you didn’t.”
“Just hear me out. Now this aint exactly how I planned on askin’, but seeing as I got my courage up, and we’re discussin’ things like we are, well – Elvira Mae, would you do me the honor of bein’ my wife?”
She directed her gaze to the rowdy crowd below. “I spent my entire life working hard to get to where I’m at, and I didn’t do all the things I’ve done just to settle down into a domestic life – a life that you and I both know I’ll never fit into or be happy with. You’re a good, decent enough man, and you’ll make a right fit husband for someone someday – but it won’t be me. Besides, can you see a woman like me, who can shoot better than most men, darning socks by the fireplace?” She laughed at the thought, a warm husky sound.
A shadow passed over his face and he quickly looked down at the floor. “That’s what I’ve been afraid you might say. Just know that for as long as I’m alive you’ll always be the only woman for me.”
“Then you’re in for a lonely existence waiting for something you’ll never have.”
He pulled a single yellow rose out from the inside of his coat and said, “For you.”
Accepting the gift, she leaned forward and gave him a peck on the cheek and said, “I would love to stay here and continue this conversation, but there’s other things that need my attention, so you’ll have to excuse me now.” She turned on her heel and continued down the hall.
He stood and watched her walk away with a look of longing on his face, before turning and leaving.
The woman who had been holding a warm cloth to Bella’s injured face looked up to see the madam enter the room in a rustle of skirts. “How is she doing?”
“In and out, but mostly she’s been like this, quiet. If you want, I could stay here with her for the night?”
“That won’t be necessary. Your time will be better spent downstairs seeing to our customers. We have a full house tonight.”
“What about Bella? Shouldn’t someone stay the night here with her?”
“Yes, someone should, and someone is –” The madam went about neatening up the room and putting things in order as she talked. “A paying client –”
“But you couldn’t possibly have really meant it when you said she has to still work tonight – I mean just look at her, in her condition it wouldn’t –”
Cutting her off, the madam said, “I meant every word of it – you’ve been working for me long enough to know I don’t run a house of charity. Every girl who sleeps and eats here has to earn her keep – including those who get injured on the job.” Noticing the horrified expression on the other woman’s face, the madam continued, “I like to keep our customers happy, and this one likes girls that have been roughed up a bit. I’ll admit it’s strange, but then again, in this line of work what isn’t? I’ve even known a few who’ve preferred whores that were cold and stiff to the live ones. I learned a long time ago not to ask questions about certain preferences in the bedroom, and I’ve long since stopped caring. As long as they got the money we give ’em what they want. And believe me, he’s got the money – paid up front and even put in a little extra.” She flashed a smile, pulled out a handful of coins, then stuffed them back into a satin pouch and said, “Go on now, get out of here.”
The woman hurried out after casting one last reluctant look toward the bed where Bella lay sleeping. The madam followed her out into the hall, where the customer was already waiting. Giving him a wink, she walked past and said, “She’s all yours…”
The man reeked of stale tobacco, and of alcohol and sweat, but Bella was scarcely aware of him as he got on top and thrust himself inside her. The back and forth movement of the bed caused bile to rise up in her throat. The dull ache in her head became a sharp steady pain. Blessedly the laudanum that was administered to her earlier was starting to have an effect, and the grunting slob on top of her was being quickly erased from her mind, as she fell into a deep sleep full of disjointed dreams where she was revisited by a long-ago ghost from her past.
Her mother stepped out from the blackness, much like the empty void Bella found herself now standing in.
Nothingness. Empty space, with only the exception of the other soul that stood there with her, her mother – or at least the woman she’d thought to be her mother for most of her life.
Bella fell back at the sight of her mother, but it wasn’t her mother that frightened her – it was the words. Biting words that she knew were always right there on the tip of the other woman’s tongue. But as Lucinda remained standing there, cloaked in darkness, there were none of the recriminations she’d anticipated. Nothing but still quiet.
Perhaps she had been wrong – perhaps Lucinda had loved her after all.
Rushing forward, Bella said, “Mother –” but stopped short when she saw the other woman’s face, twisted into a snarl. Shooting out a pasty white, gnarled hand, Lucinda hit her hard across the face. “You stupid little whore,” she growled.
“Mother!” Bella fell back in shock, her hand covering the mark on her face that was already turning red.
“Surprised to see me, I see,” Lucinda chuckled unpleasantly. Her mother’s eyes, full of condemnation, met hers. “I always knew you were nothing but a trollop from the day you were spawned. And it looks as though you didn’t disappoint – you did turn out to be nothing – nothing, that is, but a whore! A whore that I did my damnedest to abort –”
“No, no, no, nooo!” Bella turned to run, trying desperately to flee from the hateful words that were hurled at her, but everywhere she went, her mother would appear, blocking any escape.
“Did you know that I tried every way possible to abort you – but you just wouldn’t die?” Her mother’s wide gleaming eyes searched out hers.
Through her sobs, Bella said, “No – please, mother, don’t say things like that.”
“Why not? It’s the truth. But then again you never really were one for the truth – because you’re a liar! A liar like the devil! You’re nothing. You’re garbage. A worm beneath my feet – a worm that should just crawl away and find somewhere to die, because nobody loves you. Nobody cares! You don’t have a backbone, you’re nothing more than a sniveling worm – little girl. You are a liar. And there’s nothing I despise more than a liar. A liar!” Her mother’s eyes grew yet wider as she continued to chant this over and over again, “A liar! A liar! A liar! A liar!”
“No!” Petrified, Bella buried her face in her hands, as if the act itself would help to block out her mother and the words that she continued to hurl out.
“Yes – a liar. A filthy, dirty, little liar.”
“God save me! Get me out of here!” Sobbing, Bella cried out into the blackness.
“God has nothing to do with my being here.”
For the first time, Bella looked, really looked at the pale, grotesquely contorted features of her mother’s face, and realized that Lucinda was dead. Blurting out her next words, she said, “But you can’t be here –”
Her mother’s lips formed a smirk, yet she still managed to keep the rage in her eyes unchanged. If anything, the hatred that burned behind them only intensified with each condemnation uttered. “Oh, can’t I? That’s odd. Because it looks like I’m right here.” She moved menacingly closer to Bella. “I’m your mother. Don’t you dare tell your mother where she can and can’t be.”
“But – you’re – you’re –”
Lucinda took another step forward. “I’m what?”
“You’re dead!” Bella screamed and took off running, horrified by the reality of it. Her mother’s laughter followed her wherever she went.
“I’m here, because you wished me here.” Lucinda’s laughter went up into a cackle.
“No, even if it were possible, I would never make a wish so vile.”
“You say never – yet here I stand.”
“Go back to hell where you came from!”
“Not before I’ve taken you there with me,” her mother shrieked, and flew at her with open hands that closed around her throat. Bella gasped for air as her mother choked the life out of her while screaming in a deep distorted voice, “Die, bitch! Die!”
Bella came awake to screams, and was only vaguely aware of the man who straddled her, while screaming, “Die, bitch!” His hands were around her neck, closing off her air. Then right when she thought she’d die, the man abruptly released his viselike grip on her, gave a gargled cry and slumped forward, his now sightless eyes staring down into hers. Something warm and sticky soaked through his shirt and onto her. It took her a moment longer to realize that what she felt was blood, not hers, but his.
Coughing and gagging, she cried out and struggled uselessly from beneath him. It was then that Bella realized that she wasn’t alone – someone was in the room with her. The dead weight of the man that crushed her was shoved off, and Bella saw the familiar face of one of the other girls she was friends with. She hovered over her, asking how she was, but when Bella tried to speak her words came out in more coughing, and she drifted off again into a chaotic place somewhere between waking and sleeping.
There was the sound of footsteps as a second person entered the room, a young girl of eighteen. “What’s going on? Is everything…” Her words trailed off as her gaze went to the body of the man who lay there dead on the floor in a pool of his own blood, a knife protruding from his back. Her hands flew up to cover her mouth as she gave a shrill scream.
“Shut up and start helping by getting this bastard’s bleeding body out of here, then start scrubbing everything clean. You know how Elvira doesn’t like blood soaking into the floors. Now go on. What ya waitin’ for anyway?”
The girl looked over to where the blood was pooling. “I – I aint never been this close to a dead body before.”
“Then go over there and tend to Bella. I’ll take care of the body myself.” When the girl was slow in reacting, the other woman shot her an impatient look and said, “You do know how to do that – don’t you?”
Nodding, she hurried over and perched on the edge of the bed. She dipped a cloth in warm water and washed the blood from Bella as well as she could, while the other woman grunted and heaved as she struggled under the weight of the dead man, whom with much effort she managed to drag to the open window and shove him out, sending his body catapulting to the ground below.
She came back over to where the girl still sat, and said, “Go ahead and start cleaning up the floor. I’ll finish seeing to her and getting some fresh linens on the bed.”
Having heard what happened, the madam reluctantly agreed to allow Bella to rest without being disturbed until she was sufficiently healed. While in her drugged state, Bella made out bits and pieces of the conversation the two women in the room were having.
“Did you clean out his pockets first?” asked the madam.
“Here’s everything he had,” said the other woman, handing over a handful of coins.
“Hmm, good.” The madam counted it and smiled, then said, “You killed him?”
“I didn’t have any other choice.”
“You did no less than what I’d have expected you to do. If the sheriff comes around askin’ questions I’ll be sure to tell him it was self-defense. We’re a family, and if we don’t look out for one another then no one will. We sell our bodies – not our souls.”
We sell our bodies – not our souls….
The rest of what the madam and her friend said faded away, save for that one phrase that stuck in her mind. For Bella wasn’t so certain she agreed – because every time she welcomed into her bed another tobacco-chewing old man with rotted teeth, or another psychopath with fetishes and twisted desires their wives back at home wouldn’t satisfy, she felt another piece of her, the real her, die, until nothing but hatred remained. Hatred for both the men and herself for allowing it.
TWO WEEKS LATER
Music from the piano, played by a girl wearing a scarlet dress with a plunging neckline, spilled out of the brothel, and could be heard above the din of voices and laughter from the men, mostly miners and lumberjacks who came regularly to drink and take advantage of the more sensual pleasures offered there.
Bella lay on her back staring up at the overhanging crystal chandelier. She could just barely make out the distorted image of herself, and was careful to keep her gaze locked on her own beautiful visage, and not on the man who pleasured himself on top of her.
She could almost time how long the act itself would take by counting the rhythmic squeaking groans made by the bed springs. In her years working at the brothel, she’d become accustomed to all her regulars and what each of them liked. With some, she had to be somewhat of an active participant and feign enjoyment by making all the right sounds at all the right times – which she’d also timed. Much like the way a great actress would on the stage of some grand theater. And that’s just what she was, an actress, an actress of the bedroom, a woman in red – a woman who became whatever it was these creatures desired.
Being with some of them turned her stomach, and for a time had even made her sick – literally sick. Gut wrenching, and heaving until all her innards, it seemed, would have been vomited out. This torment she endured time after time, until her mind and body had become numb. Deadened to the despicable acts and atrocities she was required to endure. The few and only times she gained any pleasure were those times when she watched herself from the crystal chandelier, and imagined – no, could almost see, envision herself, taking the letter opener and…
This was a thought that couldn’t always be finished – a guilty pleasure that at times would be cut short by the grunting fool whose lips searched out hers, reminding her of the life force that still possessed this creature, causing it to return to her week after week. The burning hatred and disgust she felt for them was carefully hidden behind the sexy smile and heavy-lidded expression she’d worked hard at perfecting for them.
When the act was finished, the customer got dressed, pulled on his boots, counted out the money owed, and left it there beside her on the bed. Keeping her provocative pose, Bella gave a little wink and said, “Later, cowboy.”
He tipped his hat on the way out and said, “Next week as always, darlin’.”
She waited until he was gone and the door had closed behind him, then muttered, “Bastard.”
Getting back into her dress, she grabbed up the money, and counted the coins that one day would represent freedom from this life of misery. Misery. The very word that her mother had uttered to her at every opportunity, and accused her of causing. No, hurled at her like a hard slap across the face.
It wasn’t until she was much older that she finally learned the truth – that Lucinda, who for so many years had claimed to be her mother, wasn’t really her mother at all, and all the stories she’d been told by the woman who claimed to have tried to abort her multiple times, were really nothing but lies – terrible, cruel lies, told by a spiteful woman who was filled with so much hate, that it was all she ever gave out.
For the longest time, Bella had believed these wicked lies, until one day Lucinda had told her about her real mother, and how her real mother had worked in a brothel, and even told her about the sister she had, but until then never knew. Bella never was quite sure what had caused Lucinda to tell her the truth, but she assumed it was done to try to hurt her. Hoping it would upset her to realize that her birth mother was a whore who died while giving birth to Bella and her sister. But instead of making her feel worse, it actually became a source of comfort to finally know that this bitter woman who had raised her and despised her so, wasn’t her real mother. She was glad, she didn’t want to think that Lucinda was something she’d come from or that a mother could have such hate for a child that was her own.
After having discovered the truth surrounding her birth, Bella found that she couldn’t stop thinking about the second baby that was born – her sister. Filled with curiosity, Bella had asked Lucinda about who and where her sister was now. For the longest time Lucinda had refused to answer, until the day of her eleventh birthday. That was when she met her twin sister, Suzanna, for the first time. And although the two were twins, they weren’t identical, but did share the same color of eyes, and the same full lips and high cheekbones. Bella had been surprised when Lucinda took her to her sister’s house so the two could meet for the first time. But as with everything Lucinda did, it was done to hurt her, as she later came to realize.
Not wanting to remember something that caused her so much pain, Bella absentmindedly set the money back down next to the bed, and walked over to the antique box that at one time had belonged to the woman who gave birth to her, and who died right there in the very room she now worked and slept in.
Running her fingers along the ornate edges, she set it aside and turned to the mirror and picked up a comb, slowly ran it through her hair and stared back at her reflection. No longer was she an innocent, young, eligible girl. The kind a young man would consider for marriage – no, she was ruined. So unlike her sister, Suzanna, who was given an adoptive mother who loved and raised her as if she were her own. Suzanna got everything she should have had – a handsome, rich husband, a cozy cabin in the woods, and a child – yes even a child – a beautiful girl they named Clementine.
She tried to be happy for her sister and the constant good fortune bestowed upon her, but one can only try to be happy for another, who always wins and never loses, for so long. And her good nature gave way to resentment, then rage, as she watched Suzanna live a charmed life, and she had long since decided that it was time her perfect sister lost.
Whether or not Suzanna knew of her sister’s burgeoning resentment was unknown. But one thing was certain. The blessings bestowed upon her throughout the years never changed her kind, sweet nature, and never once did she forget about her dear sister, Bella. And dear was exactly how she thought of her sister. Having lost their mother in birth, and never knowing their father, they were the only biological family each of them had left – until of course Suzanna married and had a child of her own. For Suzanna, her family and the people who mattered to her had only grown, furthering her joy. But for Bella, her family and the love she initially felt for her sister had dwindled down to a deep-seated envy that had grown and flourished like a patch of weeds, spreading poison through their roots.
During the days and weeks since the two brutal attacks she’d suffered, and the attempt made on her life, Bella had gradually healed from her injuries, and with enough powder was able to conceal the last of the bruising on her face and neck. She’d taken extra care with her appearance on this day – the day that she would be meeting her sister Suzanna at their favored place – The Falls. It was a place they both loved to go to as children and adolescents, a place where Bella could escape the wrath of Lucinda, and have a moment’s happiness and peace.
The Falls was aptly named for its magnificent waterfall that gushed out of high rocks and fed into what seemed to be a bottomless pool of crystal-clear water. It was their own little hideaway, a place where they felt safe from all the dangers in the world, a place where they could just be sisters and enjoy one another’s company.
While life for Suzanna had been kind, even gentle, life for Bella had been hard and cruel, wrought with angst and pain, where every day was another day to survive and get through. Today would be different though, because today she was going to The Falls, the one place she still cherished and still regularly met with her sister. But it wasn’t only for that reason, that she felt a certain fondness for the place she visited so many times throughout her young life. The Falls was also the place where she met and fell in love, and shared many a midnight tryst with the tall, handsome cowboy with the pale green eyes. He was her one and only, her sweetheart – but ultimately he, like everyone else in her life, betrayed her by whispering sweet nothings, that were actually nothing but sweet lies, and in the end were nothing at all.
But today she wouldn’t dredge up the past by thinking of things that had taken place years ago. Today she would be happy, and only think good thoughts. Today she would go out and buy herself that white and blue dress, the one with all the ruffles, that she’d admired in the display case for so long. Today she would treat herself to something nice, then meet her sister at the top of The Falls, as they did every week. She gave herself one last cursory look, then turned from the mirror to invite the cowboy who had just entered her room, over to the bed.
Bella lay on her back amidst rumpled sheets and blankets, trying to forget about the stranger who moved and grunted on top of her. But his foul breath made forgetting impossible. So she let her gaze fall to the letter opener, which remained undisturbed on the dresser. With every thrust of his hips, she visualized a thrust of her own – right into his back.
When it was over he rolled off of her, and while pulling on his pants noticed the loose coins she normally kept hidden, but this time had forgotten to put away after having counted it out earlier, while dreaming of the purchase she would soon make.
“Well, well, well. Just look here at what I found.” He flashed her a wide toothy grin, before picking up her money and starting to count it.
“It’s mine – leave it be,” warned Bella.
Snorting, he said, “Ya know somethin’, I’ll never understand what it is with whores and money. I mean, what does a whore need with money? All you’re gonna do is spend day after day the way you spent this one – lyin’ on your back.” He broke into raucous, snorting laughter.
Grabbing the letter opener from the dresser, Bella flew at him screaming, with the sharp edge pointed out, and before he could do anything to protect himself, she’d already slashed out at him with it. He looked down and paled when he saw the crotch of his pants was ripped wide open. She’d missed cutting him by mere inches. “You’re crazy – you know that? Pure crazy. Stark raving mad.”
“I am crazy – crazy enough to slice off that thing right below your belt if you don’t hand it all over right now. I’m on the smart end of this letter opener, that can easily open up more than just paper, so I’d suggest you put the money back where you found it, and pay up the amount agreed upon.”
Blanching, he said, “Okay, okay you can have your money, you crazy whore.” With trembling hands, he set down the coins, then pulled out what he owed from his pocket and left it there by the bed with the rest. He crossed over to the door, paused before leaving and said, “You aint all that pretty anyhow. Not like them whores were in the last town I stopped in. You aint nothin’ but a worn out old skank.”
“And you aint nothin but a foul mouthed lyin’ cheat. Now get the hell outta here before I slice you the way I’ve sliced all the others who made me mad. Go on now. Git!” Bella started toward him as she said this, wielding the letter opener like a deadly weapon in her hand, then chased him down the hall and out the back way. He half stumbled down the rickety outside stairway, while gripping onto his hat with one hand, and steadying himself by grabbing onto the flimsy wood railing with the other.
Bella called down to him as he ran away, “And don’t you ever come back, ya hear!”
She returned to her room and pushed the door shut behind her. Standing before the oval mirror, she touched up her face, adding a little extra powder to ensure the discoloration under her eye remained concealed. She hated men like the one she’d just been with. The type who thought that just because she worked in a brothel, they could steal and take what was rightfully hers. Bella had known other girls who were stolen from, some even had their whole life savings taken from them. She’d seen it happen too many times, and had long ago promised herself that she wouldn’t be one of those girls.
Nothing was going to take her money. The money she sacrificed her very soul to get. This wasn’t the first time she’d had to fight to keep what she’d earned. Once the thieving bastards saw that she was serious, none of them wanted to mess with what they thought was a crazy whore, brandishing a sharp weapon and threatening their masculinity with it. Predictably, just like all the others before him, as an attempt to salvage their wounded pride, they’d attack her age or appearance. As if such petty insults would hurt the feelings inside her that had already hardened long ago. It was true that at age twenty-three she was older than some of the girls, but with her long, lush caramel tresses that fell in wild curls down her back, large amber-colored eyes bordered by thick black lashes, and full pouty lips, she was still every bit the raving beauty she was in her teens.
After having given her appearance one last appraising look, Bella left the brothel and walked through town, ignoring the whistles and catcalls from the men she passed along the way. Once she’d made it to the shop, her breath caught at the sight of the blue and white ruffled dress. It was even more lovely than she had remembered. Just by looking at it, she could tell it would be a perfect fit, although having been blessed with a body that most women envied and men lusted after, she could wear and fit into just about anything and still look achingly beautiful.
Gliding past the window and case in which it was displayed, Bella stepped through the door of the dress shop, and almost immediately felt the eyes of the other women bore into her. All conversation came to an abrupt halt. They all knew who and what she was. Trying not to meet their hostile stares and ignoring the whispered condemnations, she made her way up to the front counter where the store clerk, a middle-aged woman, stood gossiping with the others. Reluctantly turning to give Bella a cool once-over look, she said, “Can I help you with something?”
The question was innocuous enough and under different circumstances, would have been a customary, even solicitous question, but the way the store clerk smirked at her, and the tone in which she’d said it was anything but solicitous or polite.
“Yes, as a matter of fact you can.” Bella indicated the window with the display case. “I would like to purchase the dress in the window.”
“Okay –” The woman acted as though it were painful to
even look at her, then sighed loudly to show her displeasure, and flounced across the floor to it, while the other women whispered and giggled quietly among themselves and watched as if she and her request were a spectacle.
Bella pretended not to notice and waited at the counter.
Instead of removing the dress from the display case, the store clerk merely checked the tag, then came back to where she stood and rattled off the cost, then turned her back to Bella and resumed visiting with the group of women. She was able to make out bits and pieces of their conversation as they spoke in voices raised just high enough to be heard.
“I can’t believe she came in here. Why, the nerve of her!” said the woman with the long curly brown hair.
“My momma would just die if I did the kind of things she does for money,” said another.
“I heard that she works at The House of the Rising Sun,” began the middle-aged woman with narrowed eyes and thin disapproving lips, then unnecessarily said, “And I think we all know what that is –”
The women broke off into more high trilling laughter.
Bella got out her money and set it down on the counter. Raising her voice so as to be heard above the din of giggles and whispers, she said, “I thought I made it clear that I wanted to purchase the dress – not the price.”
The store clerk broke off from laughing with the other women, and fixing an unfriendly stare on Bella, slowly and deliberately walked back over to where the dress still hung, and took it down in exaggerated slowness as if the act itself was of the greatest inconvenience. Then coming back around to the other side of the counter with the dress in hand, took her time counting the money, while the group of women continued to gawk and whisper. When she’d finally finished counting out the coins, she pushed the dress toward Bella as if it were now tainted, and said, “You may take your purchase and go –”
“Aren’t you going to at least fold and put it in a box for me? I am after all a paying customer,” said Bella.
The group of women giggled even louder at this. Looking as though she wanted to refuse this last customary act, but feeling obligated to do it anyway, the store clerk sighed even louder than before, making a show of folding the dress, taking out a box from behind the counter, and setting the dress in the box. Her lips tugged slightly at the corners to form a smug smile, and said, “I’m sure paying customers is something you know a lot about – business must be booming.”
Giving her sweetest smile, Bella took the box and said, “Actually it is.”
“I think all the ladies here would agree with me, when I say that most of us couldn’t afford something so frivolous on the wages our men make.”
 “Oh, I don’t know about that – you ladies have frivolous minds. Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t that enough frivolity to last a lifetime?”
An angry flush colored the faces of all the women. The store clerk meanly said, “But how silly of me, that’s right – you don’t have a husband to care for you. I imagine a working girl like you wouldn’t understand such things.”
“You’re absolutely right. Which reminds me. Where are my manners? I really should be thanking all you ladies,” said Bella.
“Thanking us – for what?” The group of women stared at her like hawks that at any moment might swoop down and attack.
“Why, I thought you ladies would have already known?” Bella feigned surprise, then finished by saying “It is, after all, every single one of your husbands who paid for this dress.” Turning on her heel, Bella gave them all a little wave and smile, then swept out the door, leaving them all open-mouthed and staring after her.
Bella couldn’t help but gloat as she made her way back through town, uncaring of the dust that was kicked up by the passing horses or the loud whistles from the men who rode them. Those women were nothing more than a bunch of snobbish hens who acted as if they were so much better than she was, and other working girls like her. When in reality they were just a bunch of bored housewives with too much time on their hands, and no better way to spend it than to gossip with each other.
It served them right to hear the truth about the men they married. After all, it wasn’t she that was to blame – it was the men who sought her out and ultimately paid for her services. It was out of their own free will that they came to her. She shared no culpability for their actions, although the wives of these men were too stupid or too shallow to understand that. Either way, women like the ones in the dress shop were the worst kind of hypocrite – they had married for money, hadn’t they? Yet these very same women were the ones who judged and condemned her. What if they hadn’t been so fortunate as to have married? She had no doubt that the very same women who condemned her would do the very same as she had, if put in a position of survival.
Not bothering to return to the brothel to change, she decided to go straight to The Falls, where the crashing waterfall met the rippling pool of deep blue that always seemed to beckon to her in some strange way. Once she’d made it out of town and into the forest, she hurriedly slipped out of her old dress and into the new. She wanted to look good, presentable, when she met up with her sister.
Bella had made sure she left a little early so she would have some extra time to sit on the grassy banks near the water. She made her way through the forest, and was careful not to get her dress torn on the sharp branches and twigs that reached out to claw and tear at the long ruffled skirt, by taking familiar pathways. As she went further, the roar of running water came to her through the trees. Just a little ways more and she’d be there. The path opened up to a clearing full of wildflowers and a lush grassy meadow. Pouring out from the side of the cliff was a waterfall that sparkled in the sunlight, and crashed into a large pool of water below, causing the waters to churn, creating ripples in their wake.
Lifting her arms out from her sides, Bella danced and twirled, letting the cool air rifle through her hair and brush along her face and arms like a million caresses. Gazing up at the blue sky, Bella squinted against the glare from the sun overhead, then gathering up her skirts, settled down on the edge of the bank. Kicking off her shoes, she let her bare feet dangle in the cool water while enjoying the fine sheen of mist that rose up out of it.
This was a special place, a place where she was free. In this field of wildflowers she no longer was Bella the prostitute, but rather was just another girl. A lady of leisure relaxing under the warmth of the sun on the grassy banks of the water. Here, she could easily imagine herself to be married to a handsome stranger. The gunslinger with his pale green eyes flashed through her mind. Forcing down the unwelcome memory and pain it evoked, Bella got to her feet and abandoning her place at the water’s edge, took the gentle sloping pathway up the hill that led to the very top of the waterfall. There she could stand above the fall of water that plummeted into the deep blue, and envision her own death – soon it would be her lifeless body that floated in the swirling, churning pool below.
Forgetting all about meeting her sister, Bella walked to the edge of the cliff and stood on the precipice, and it was there that she closed her eyes and lifted out her arms, like a butterfly with beautiful wings, she would simply let go. The wind picked up and hit against her, blowing out her skirt  around her, and causing her hair to whip out like long tendrils wildly dancing in the wind.
She hadn’t planned on taking her own life, not yet – not until later after her sister had left. But the roar from the falls and the mist that had become even heavier this high up where she now balanced on the edge, were exhilarating and the swirling pool below seemed to beckon her forward, beckon her off the grassy land and into the rush of wind and water. It promised an end to all the pain and suffering she’d endured. Life had been nothing but misery for her, and now this was her way out.
She’d left the box that held her old dress on the ground a few feet away. Where she was going, she’d no longer need it. It was all part of a life that would soon be ended. No longer would she entertain and give her body over to men who disgusted her. Her soul was no longer dead. For the first time in a long time, she felt – no, she was free. Free like a butterfly that had just discovered her wings. But most of all, she was alive and this dress would be the last dress she ever wore, which was why it was so important that it be perfect, untouched, unblemished as she herself would also soon be. Death would cleanse her of her wrongs. She’d carefully painted her face and arranged her hair for just such an occasion – and what an occasion it was. The feel of the wind and water was glorious, but most of all it was a welcome escape from a life wrought with misery.
By the time her sister Suzanna arrived there would be no trace of her, save for the old dress left behind in a box. A symbolic euphemism of sorts. The dress that blew out around her was something a great lady with good breeding would have worn, and today she was that woman, and forever more would remain so.
The wind whistled past her like a million bells, chiming in her ears. She imagined the water whispering for her life – beckoning her forward. Yes forward – just one more step and she’d be free, the solid ground would no longer be beneath her feet and she’d be falling in a rush of water and air, with nothing left to catch her…just one more step…one more step and…
“Bella, no, stop!”
Her sister’s scream broke through her peaceful haze, causing her to stumble back, and very nearly off the cliff until she felt a hand reach out and narrowly catch hold of her, startling Bella from the trancelike state she’d found herself in. Bella fell back on the hard wet ground, her head snapped up just in time to see her sister through the white mist standing in front of her, and was about to move further away from the dangerous edge,  when a large burst of water rose up like a mighty wave and took Suzanna down into the rushing falls. Her eyes had briefly connected with her sister’s wide, frightened stare before she’d disappeared in the milky white spray of water.
Screaming out her sister’s name, Bella ran to the edge and looked down at the frothing, bubbling waters below, and knew that her sister was lost to her forever. Never again would they meet like this, nor would she ever hear the reassuring sound of her sister’s voice again.
No! No, this wasn’t supposed to happen, not like this, not this way. Suzanna wasn’t supposed to die. A sob lodged itself in her throat, then came out in strangled cries. She’d inadvertently taken her sister’s life when she’d meant to take her own.
A feeling of deep guilt settled over her. Hating herself for what she thought to be her fault, Bella grabbed up the locket and chain that had come undone from her sister’s neck and left the place. She fled through the woods sobbing, no longer mindful of the thorns and branches that ripped and tore at the ruffles of her new dress.
PRESENT DAY
CHAPTER ONE
The sun shone brightly in the clear sky, casting rays of light on the log cabin and cozy setting below. The sweet, kindly-looking elderly woman sat on the front porch, knitting. Her warm brown eyes lit up expectantly as the car with her son, daughter-in-law, and grandson pulled into the drive.
She’d been anticipating their arrival all day. This would be the first time she would have her only grandchild stay with her for the whole summer. Her son and his wife lived in Seattle, Washington, with their son Tommy.
When Curt and Joanie had first gotten married, Evelyn had hoped to have plenty of grandchildren to come and stay with her during the off season from school, but things hadn’t worked out that way.
After the first child, her daughter-in-law hadn’t liked the extra pounds she’d gained from the pregnancy, and soon Evelyn was told by her son that he and Joanie had decided one child was enough. He was careful to say he and Joanie but she really knew it was Joanie’s decision, and her son just went along with it as he did with everything else his wife decided, or more likely demanded.
Joanie said this, Joanie said that.
It didn’t seem her son had much of a say in anything since having said “I do” at the altar.
She had tried to make a real effort at liking the woman her son had chosen to marry – at least in the beginning. But that was long over with. She had since come to terms with it and decided that her opinion of her daughter-in-law didn’t matter, but what mattered instead was that her son was happy, and seemed content.
After all, it was his life. And if the woman he fell in love with wouldn’t have qualified as her best friend – then so what? What did it really matter?
Admittedly, in the beginning it was hard to keep her opinions to herself in her son’s first years of marriage. Joanie was, after all, everything she wasn’t – vain, self-centered, always demanding far too much, and much more concerned with her career as an editor for a high-profile magazine based in the heart of Seattle than with being a homemaker.
Soon after the birth of Tommy, Joanie had announced that she was finished with pregnancy, and then just as soon as she was healed up enough to start moving around, Joanie had hired a private fitness instructor, and begun a vigorous exercise regime. It wasn’t long after, that she was back to a perfect size four. Evelyn suspected that getting back to her pre-pregnancy size and weight for Joanie had a lot to do with some extra nips and tucks at the plastic surgery center, that had no doubt cost her son a small fortune. Joanie, she was sure, would never admit to such a thing.
Every time she had a critical thought about her daughter-in-law, Evelyn tried telling herself that as long as her son was happy, she also should be happy. After all, what more could any mother hope for than for her children, or as in her case, child, to grow up into a successful, hardworking adult? And her Curt was all of those things – successful, hardworking – a real catch for any girl.
Any girl…
Why he’d chosen Joanie to be that girl, she’d never know. The woman was as fake as the ridiculously long nails glued onto her fingertips at the salon. How Joanie managed to work with those acrylic appendages was a mystery to her.
Evelyn had secretly hoped that Curt would marry a woman more like herself. Someone earthy and comfortable, who stayed home and cooked meals, tended to flowers and grew wild berry bushes (the Washington coast was ideal for that), and in general, someone altogether different from the woman he chose.
But that wasn’t the hand God dealt her, just as she’d been forced to give up the dream she and her Henry cherished of having four children, ideally two girls and two boys, she was also forced now to give up on trying to like Joanie, and instead would have to accept her. Just as she’d been forced to do throughout the years about the other unpleasant things she couldn’t change in life.
It had been nearly five years since she lost her Henry. Learning how to say goodbye to her best friend and lifelong companion had been the hardest thing she’d ever had to do. Or again, perhaps she never really did learn how to say goodbye but instead was simply forced to accept the unacceptable, something she was powerless to change.
Henry, and all the years of bliss they shared, still lived on in her memories. Even now, whenever she found herself struggling to accept the woman who was her daughter-in-law (which was more often than not), she could still hear her Henry’s voice and what he would say…
Oh, Evie, let the boy live his life without interference from you. Joanie may not meet your expectations but she makes our son happy or else I’m sure he wouldn’t have married her. Now stop fussing and come over here and enjoy the rest of the day with me.
He would look up at her from where he sat on the porch swing, his blue eyes twinkling as he patted the empty space beside him. Before joining him, she would usually go inside and bring out a pitcher of ice tea, pour them each a glass, then settle down next to him, and look out at the sunset and watch the deer and other wildlife that would wander through their front yard. There was many a night when they would fall asleep out on their front porch and would awaken much later to the piercing cry of an owl.
How she missed those times, simple moments that she would gladly exchange whatever years of life she had left to get back. Every single one of those memories with her Henry was priceless and something she cherished.
Evie.
He’d always called her Evie. God, how she missed him. There was nothing about her Henry that she didn’t love. When he died, it was like a piece of herself died with him along with the very center of her world that was ripped right out from underneath her feet. Each day she was learning, little by little, how to rebuild her life and go on without him in it – not because she wanted to but because she had to. There really was no other choice.
Death, although for some it came violently, for her Henry it came softly and quietly. The love of her life died in his sleep with her in his arms. When he was taken from her, she’d been asleep herself, blessedly unaware of the loss and irrevocable pain she’d awaken to. Even now after years had passed, she still couldn’t think of it without tearing up.
Later she would wonder if she’d somehow known. That night, she’d dreamt that Henry had put on his hat, the one he always wore when he took their rowboat down to the lake to fish. She remembered how in her dream she’d watched as he got ready to leave. He was about to walk off toward the lake when she caught sight of the fishing pole still leaning up against the porch. Grabbing it up, she hurried toward him and said, “Wait – you forgot this.”
He turned around to face her and said, “Keep it safe for me, will you?”
“But don’t you need it? Aren’t you fishing?”
He gave no explanation, his only words were, “I love you, Evie…”
“I love you too, Henry,” she had replied, still puzzled.
It was only when she watched him turn his back and walk away that she felt anxiety, and a sense of urgency to call him back to her – but when she was about to, he was already out of sight and it was too late.
Leaving the fishing pole on the porch, she went back inside the cabin, when she was overcome by deep sadness that was  followed by dread – dread that was punctuated by the shadows that fell across the floorboards and walls, and the fine particles of dust that floated in the air, made visible by soft beams coming through the windows in the fading light of the afternoon. It was quiet – too quiet. Suddenly she felt more alone than she ever had in her life.
Everything inside their home was familiar yet unfamiliar at the same time, and she had the strange feeling that something very precious had been irrevocably lost to her – and then she came awake to a living hell. A kind of torment that only those left behind can understand.
She remembered clearly how she’d clung onto him even tighter after having fully awakened. It was such a relief to realize that it was only a dream – and not real. Resting the side of her face against his chest, she said, “Oh, Henry you wouldn’t believe –”
Stopping short, she realized for the first time that something was wrong, something was terribly wrong, and she sat up to look at Henry.
When she saw him she knew. Pressure filled her chest until she thought she might burst, then wound its way up into her throat, constricting her breathing, and for a terrified moment she was unable to get air. All the desperation and anguish threatened to crush the life right out of her but then it spilled out all at once instead in a scream. It all seemed so unreal. Her screams. Henry, her Henry. So full of life and laughter – where was he now? Certainly this cold, pale shell so grotesquely familiar yet foreign couldn’t be him – could it? But inside she knew what her eyes had already shown her. Henry was gone, and so was their life together. It had all come to a sudden end. Just like that, she was no longer married but instead a widow. How long had it taken for them to exchange their matrimonial vows? Longer, she was sure than it took for the man she loved to leave her.
It had taken a long time for her to grow used to her new reality of no longer having a husband and that she was alone, truly alone. Often she’d feel the urge to speak to him, to gain comfort from his words as she’d always done before, but would then be forced to confront her grief that was like a terrible bottomless pit that all too often consumed her. After all, the price of having a great love meant even greater pain when that love was taken. It was the crux of life itself, you couldn’t have one without the other. All living things must die. You couldn’t know love without also knowing pain, and you couldn’t taste life without also tasting death.
Many mistakenly thought that when you reached a certain age death became somehow more bearable and easier to accept but they were wrong. There was no “right” time to have your world, a world that you spent a lifetime building, ripped away from you, nor was there ever an opportune time to have your best friend and lifelong companion wiped out of existence and stolen from you.
Wiping impatiently at the tears that had escaped her eyes, Evelyn squared back her shoulders, set her knitting aside and smiled warmly at the little boy who got out of the back passenger side door, and who looked so much like his father did at that age.
Evelyn hurried down from the porch to greet and embrace both son and grandson in a hug then looked around and said, “Where’s Joanie? I thought she was coming.”
“She wanted to stay back to get some more work done,” said Curt.
“Oh. Well, I certainly hope everything’s all right,” said Evelyn, trying not to look relieved. “I had expected all three of you.”
Putting off the questioning stare his mother gave him, Curt said to his son, “Why don’t you run along inside now. I’m sure your grandmother has a surprise for you.”
Turning her attention to her grandson, Evelyn said, “There’s something very special and it’s waiting upstairs in what used to be your father’s old room.”
The little boy could barely contain his excitement. “Is it another car to add to my collection?”
Evelyn rested her hands on her knees so as to be at eye level with her grandson. “That, young man, is something you’ll have to find out. Now hurry before it drives away.” Evelyn straightened back up and laughed as she watched her grandson race inside the cabin. Then she turned back to her son and said, “I can’t believe how much he’s grown since the time I saw him last. Enjoy it while you can because it’s going to go by quickly.”
“I know. Before any of us even realize it Joanie and I will be sending him off to college. Yet it seems like just the other day we were sending him off to his first day of kindergarten.”
“It was that way for your father and me too. I remember when you were just a youngster getting ready to go out fishing on the lake with your daddy for the first time. You were so cute, dressed up in those overalls your father insisted on buying you even though they were two sizes too big.” Evelyn chuckled at the memory, then said, “It’s good to have you back, son.”
“Yeah, well, it’s good to be back.” Looking around, he said, “The place hasn’t changed much since Dad –” He broke off and said, “Sorry, Mom, I know losing him is still hard for you – it’s hard for us all.”
Fighting back the tears elicited from her late husband’s memory, she said, “That’s all right, son. It’s good to talk about him. He was an important part of both our lives and shouldn’t be forgotten.”
He reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Are you sure you’re okay? I worry about you living alone out here.”
“I’m fine, there’s no reason to worry about me.”
“If you ever change your mind and want to move in with Joanie and me the offer still stands. We have plenty of room.”
“I appreciate the offer, but my home is here, and always will be.”
“If this is about Joanie and the way you feel about her –”
“My decision to stay here in my home has nothing to do with her.”
“I know you don’t like her, and Joanie knows it too.”
“I don’t see how? Whenever she and I have had the occasion to visit I was always the one to initiate the conversation. Of all the times I’ve invited her to the cabin, she came out only once, and stayed just long enough to say how it was too primitive, and refused to stay the night. She wouldn’t even eat the dinner I’d spent all day cooking, saying how there were too many calories in it.”
“All right, Mom, all right. I get it, but can’t you at least try to like her? I mean, she’s not all that bad if you would just give her a chance – but you won’t even do that much.”
“Joanie’s welcome here just like you and Tommy are. If she chooses to stay away, there’s really nothing I can do about it.”
Tommy burst out onto the porch, a toy truck in his hands. “Look, Daddy! Look at what Grandma got me!”
Curt’s gaze was drawn to the old-fashioned red truck. “I forgot all about this.” He looked at his mother. “Where did you find it?”
“I had it stored away in the same box where I’ve kept all your other old toys.”
“That’s pretty neat. I didn’t know you kept all that stuff.”
“What can I say – memorabilia. Your old mother needs something to remember her only child by.”
“You know that’s not fair.”
“I know, I know. You’re busy. I’m just glad to have you here now,” said Evelyn, giving her son another hug, straightening out his shirt and beaming up at him proudly.
“And we’re glad to be here, aren’t we, buddy?” Curt ruffled the top of his son’s head, then watched as the boy bounded back into the cabin, anxious to play with all the other toys he’d discovered. Stifling a yawn, he turned his attention to the luggage in the trunk of their car.
“Here, let me help you with those. You must be exhausted,” said Evelyn.
“That’s all right. I got it.” He carried in the suitcases, set them down and breathed in the savory aroma that wafted from the kitchen.
“Something smells good.”
“Your father’s favorite. Steak with mashed potatoes and gravy. Go ahead and get cleaned up. Dinner will be done shortly.”
On his way to the washbasin, Curt peered up into the loft. A smile crossed his lips as he watched his son sitting on the hardwood floor surrounded by toys from his childhood. “Hey, partner, I hate to break up the fun, but Grandma wants us down for dinner.”
“Do I have to?” Tommy stood up and clasped his hands together in a show of six-year-old angst. “Can’t I just stay and play a little longer?”
Curt stared at the earnest face of his son and said, “I’ll tell you what – after dinner we’ll see if we can’t talk Grandma into taking down the train set.”
Tommy’s eyes grew wide at the prospect. His favored obsession lately was trains and anything that had to do with them.
Evelyn called up from the kitchen and said, “You two best come down here before it gets cold!”
“Come on, buddy, we’d better go. Grandma’s waiting.”
“And not patiently. If the two of you don’t hurry, this grandma’s going to sit down to dinner herself,” called back Evelyn.
Curt couldn’t help but smile at his mother’s words, and the memories of times past they elicited. She was always one for punctuality when it came to meals. It was something she was forever getting after his father for.
He winked at his son and said, “You heard Grandma. Let’s not keep her waiting or we might not get any dessert.”
The three of them sat at the dinner table. Tommy, who was usually picky about everything he ate, cleaned off his plate in record time.
Once they’d finished, Evelyn cleared away the dinner dishes, put them in the sink and said, “I’m glad to see you still have the appetite you always did. For a while there I thought you might have started counting calories.”
“When it comes to your cooking, Mom, calories don’t count.”
After huckleberry pie, the three of them retired to the living room where Curt brought in some extra wood for the fire that Evelyn had started with some kindling in the grate.
Soon both mother and son were settled down in front of the blazing fire, while Tommy happily pushed the train around that Evelyn had set out on the floor.
Sipping her tea, she watched her grandson play and said, “He’s a lot like you were at that age, you know. You used to love that thing. Your father and I could hardly keep you away from it.”
“I only wish that I could give Tommy the kind of childhood that you and Dad gave me,” said Curt.
“If this young man is any indication, I’d say you and Joanie are doing a fine job.”
The two of them caught up on lost time. Curt talked about his job at the law firm, and the new house Joanie had recently insisted they upgrade to, and how Tommy did over the last year of school. Evelyn talked about the different animals that regularly came through the yard and the mischief they sometimes caused. Before long the conversation turned to the latest gossip and happenings in the lives of the locals, which Evelyn was quick to say she gleaned from the other women who made up the pottery class she attended weekly. As the evening wore on, Tommy grew tired and fell asleep there on the floor with the train beside him. After carrying Tommy up to the loft and tucking him into bed, Curt came back out to sit by the fire again.
After a moment of quiet, Evelyn said, “I’ve been meaning to ask, how are things between you and Joanie?”
He paused as if trying to decide how best to answer and then said, “They’re fine. At least as fine as can be expected.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
Curt sat with his hands clasped together and his shoulders hunched forward. “It’s not good, all right.” He abruptly left his place on the sofa and began to pace.
Evelyn followed her son with her eyes. “What happened?”
“Joanie got pregnant.”
“I don’t see what’s so bad about that? I know she didn’t want any more but –”
“No, Mom, you don’t understand. She was pregnant, but not anymore.”
“Oh.” Evelyn was momentarily at a loss for words, something that didn’t very often happen.
“She miscarried while I was away working on a case,” said Curt on a sigh.
There was a lapse of silence.
“Sometimes for whatever reason things like this happen. I know it’s hard, but that’s what life is sometimes about, the hard stuff. It will be difficult but the two of you will get through it. Your father and I raised you to be strong,” said Evelyn.
“Right now I don’t feel very strong.”
Getting to her feet, Evelyn crossed over to where her son stood and enfolded him in a hug. “Sometimes we’re stronger than we think we are. How is Joanie taking it?”
“Not good. That’s why I’m here and she’s not. She doesn’t  want to see me right now.”
“Surely she doesn’t blame you for what’s happened – does she?”
“It’s complicated.”
Evelyn paused and stared at her son in disbelief. “It can’t be that complicated.”
Curt sat back down and stared at the fire burning in the grate. “I made a real mess of things this time.”
Giving a cry of indignation, Evelyn said, “For God’s sakes, what’s she complaining about anyway? I thought she liked working at that magazine place of hers. No offense, son, but from what I’ve seen of her, she’s not exactly the stay at home, take care of the house and kids type. I mean little Tommy has practically been raised by nannies – I’m not even sure he knows who his mother is.”
“Mom –”
“I know, she’s your wife, but I just can’t help how I feel about her.”
“It’s been a lot for us both to process. I don’t think either of us even suspected a pregnancy. At first when we found out, Joanie was really down about it, but then about a month into it she started warming up to the idea, and before long we were anticipating, and even looking forward to having a second child. We were actually planning to make the trip over here together to tell you about the baby, but then while I was out of town I got a phone call from Joanie at the hotel I was staying in. I knew when I heard her voice on the other end of the line that something was wrong. I just didn’t realize how bad it was, until she told me what happened – that she miscarried the day after I left.”
“I certainly can see how extremely difficult this would be for both of you, but I still don’t understand how any of this is your fault,” said Evelyn gently.
“Joanie believes that the long hours she’s always putting in at the magazine are what caused it. She said that if I made enough to support us to her liking then she wouldn’t have been out working to begin with,” Curt said with a sigh.
“The two hundred thousand that you bring in every year is more than enough. And much more than she even deserves, if you ask me. Your father and I lived off a lot less.”
“I really wish you wouldn’t talk that way about her, it doesn’t help things.”
“I know it doesn’t, but it makes me so angry,” argued Evelyn.
“It was probably a mistake to have said anything to you about it, especially since you already don’t like her.”
“You’re right – I don’t like her. Joanie’s always wanted more than what you could give. Sometimes I wonder if her only goal in life is to make you miserable. You listen to me right now, son, that miscarriage was no one’s fault, least of all yours. Joanie was the one who insisted on going out to work. You didn’t make her. I think it’s time you realize that she’ll never be satisfied or happy, and I’m afraid that nothing you do will ever be good enough for her.” Evelyn shook her head as she said this.
Curt turned his back on his mother. “She wants a separation –”
“She does?” Evelyn snapped her head up to look at him. “Good. Quite frankly I think you should want one too.”
“But I don’t. I don’t want that at all. What I want is for the three of us to be a family, for Tommy’s sake if for nothing else,” said Curt.
“I can understand that. But sometimes in order for things to improve they must first get worse. Hard decisions have to be made – not easy, but necessary.”
“She’s been staying at her mother’s place.”
“Hmm.” Evelyn nodded. “That’s just as well. How long will she be away?”
“She might come back tonight, I don’t know.”
“I thought you said, she wanted a separation?”
“She did. I mean that’s what she said at first, but now I don’t know. I’m hoping that she’s had time to think about it, and has changed her mind.”
“Does Tommy know about any of this?”
“Not yet, and I would like to keep it that way – at least for now, until I can figure this whole thing out.”
Evelyn stared at her son incredulously. “Well, I don’t know what there is to figure out – divorce her and be done with it. By what you’re saying it sounds like that’s what she wants anyway.”
“It’s not that easy.”
“I never said it was. But it doesn’t sound like the marriage is either, and if Tommy overhears the two of you arguing – which I hope he does not…” She paused when she said this, as if to emphasize that such a development would be the worst possible thing to ever happen. She then finished by saying, “That in itself can be just as harmful, if not more so, than an actual divorce.”
Curt looked tired as he listened to his mother talk. “I appreciate everything you’re saying, but for once would you please just listen without trying to push me into doing what you want me to do, and let me come to my own decision.”
“All right.” Evelyn lifted up her hands. “I’ll butt out, but if you ever need me I’m right here.”
“That means a lot. Thanks, Mom.”
“No need to thank me, I’m just doing what any mother would do.”
“Listen, are you sure keeping Tommy for the summer won’t be too much for you? I realize it was a last minute thing, my calling to ask if he could stay.”
“Are you kidding? I’ve missed seeing him. I’m looking forward to having him. It’ll be fun for us both.”
“Look, Mom, I’d really appreciate it if you wouldn’t let what we discussed tonight get back to Tommy.”
“My lips are sealed, but if this thing between you and Joanie isn’t resolved by the time Tommy comes home, it’ll be only a matter of time before he figures it out himself.”
“I know, and that’s something I’ve already thought of. By then I’m sure Joanie and I will have come to an understanding.”
“Just promise that whatever that ‘understanding’ is, you’ll do what’s best for Tommy and for you.”
“I will, Mom, don’t worry.” Curt kissed his mother goodnight, then disappeared down the hall to the guest room.
Evelyn had trouble getting to sleep for what was left of the night. She was bothered by everything her son had confided in her, and had the worrisome feeling that things between Joanie and her son wouldn’t go as he hoped they would. Evelyn lay in bed staring up at the wooden beams of the ceiling while mentally going back over the conversation. After a while, she gave up on getting to sleep, switched on her bedside light, and started reading, but even a book by her favorite author couldn’t keep her thoughts occupied long enough before returning again to what her son had said about Joanie, the miscarriage, and subsequent separation. And she couldn’t help but think there was something more Joanie wasn’t telling him. The whole thing just didn’t add up. Giving up on what promised to be a good book, and what under normal circumstances she wouldn’t be able to put down, she set it aside for later and clicked off the lamplight, determining to get some sleep while inwardly cursing the woman who was currently her daughter-in-law.
Evelyn woke early the next morning and, not having gotten much sleep, found herself yawning more than once while starting the bacon and putting coffee to brew. Curt and Tommy were still asleep, leaving her in quiet solitude other than the sound of birds chirping outside.
She loved the cabin, and the ritual she had of putting bread out for the birds to fight over every morning. She never tired of this place with its towering mountains and vast forest. That was the main reason why she couldn’t accept Curt’s well-meaning offer of moving to Seattle to live with them – Joanie or no Joanie, it wasn’t happening. Although, being pricked by needles of all kinds would be much preferable to living with Joanie.
The woman was so far systematically destroying her son’s life and she was powerless to stop it. This was the first time ever that Joanie had been agreeable to allowing Tommy to stay the summer there, and Evelyn couldn’t help but have her suspicions.
As she worked in the kitchen mixing up batter for pancakes, she surveyed the small but cozy surroundings, and thought once more of her Henry. How she missed him, and wished more than ever that he were here with her now. He wouldn’t have liked what was going on in Curt’s marriage any more than she did, and she was sure that he’d have done a much better job of talking some sense into their son than she had.
Telling herself there was nothing more she could do about the decision Curt had made to try and work out his marriage, Evelyn let her thoughts wander elsewhere. The cabin with its old world charm reminded her of Henry and their life together. There was nothing her Henry couldn’t fix. He had added all the modern fixtures and updates to the place while being careful to keep the original look. Years earlier he’d even added an extra room for when all the grandchildren they’d anticipated having came to stay with them.
Evelyn had only just finished getting the table set when Tommy and Curt padded in. Tommy was still in pajamas and looked sleepy as he sat down at the table.
The three of them had breakfast, then spent the rest of the morning visiting. The time passed all too quickly, and before long it was early afternoon and time for Curt to leave. He hugged his mother goodbye, saying that he had to get on the road now. She told him to drive safely, and to be sure to call when he got back to Seattle. He promised he would, then before leaving, Curt knelt down so he was at eye level with his son, and said, “I have to go now, but I promise I’ll be back real soon. In the meantime I need you to be good for your grandma.”
“It’s because of Mommy, isn’t it?” Tommy was trying to be brave by working to hold back the tears that were already coming down his face in rivulets.
“What is?” It was all Curt could do not to break down and join his son. This was the first time they’d ever been apart, and he was already missing his son, but what Tommy
said next broke his heart.
“Mommy doesn’t want me anymore, does she? That’s why you’re leaving me here, isn’t it?”
Evelyn’s eyes met her son’s and she had to fight the urge to scoop her grandchild up into her arms. It was heart-wrenching to realize how Tommy felt, but she forced herself not to interfere in this moment between father and son.
Curt clutched his son to him, and said, “No one’s leaving you. Your mother and I both love you very much, but right now your mother isn’t doing well, and we both feel it’s in your best interest to stay here with Grandma Evelyn. It won’t be long. Just until summer’s over.” His voice cracked as he said this, and a lump had formed in his throat.
Curt got up to leave, when Tommy ran over to him and wrapped his little arms around his father’s legs. “Please, Daddy, please don’t go! I won’t be any trouble I promise, just please take me with you.” Sobs racked his small frame as he clung to his father.
Gently prying Tommy off of him, Curt said, “You’re never any trouble.” He then squeezed Tommy to him; tears had gathered in his eyes, blurring his vision. He broke away from the embrace, stood up and quickly wiped at his eyes before Tommy had a chance to notice the tears. “I have to leave now. I’ll be back soon, I promise. Until then I’ll call and talk to you every night, okay?” Curt searched Tommy’s eyes with his.
With his lower lip quivering, Tommy gave a little nod of his head, then broke into renewed sobs.
Curt looked to Evelyn and she understood what he wanted. She hated to have to be a part of this tearful goodbye, and could see the pain in Curt’s eyes, but also knew what needed to be done.
Curt crossed over to the door, and Evelyn scooped a brokenhearted Tommy up into her arms before he could chase after his father once more.
Pausing at the door, Curt looked back at Evelyn, and said, “Take care of him for me.”
“I will, son, I will.”
Tommy gave out a wail and strained toward his father as he watched him disappear out the door, then buried his face against his grandmother and sobbed. Evelyn settled down in a rocking chair that had been in her family for years, and rocked and held Tommy until all his tears were spent. Once he was finished crying, she dried the tears from his face and said, “Feel better?”
He looked at her with big, sad blue eyes and nodded.
“Good. Because we have a busy day full of fun ahead of us.”
No sooner had she said this than his lower lip started to quiver and his tears returned.
Holding him close, she told him that his daddy loved him very much, so much in fact that he chose to leave him there with her for the summer. She went on to say what a special, brave young man he was, and talked about all the fun they would have over the coming weeks, and how happy she was to have him there.
Soon he was calmed down, listening to a story she read to him from what used to be his father’s favorite book. Most of the day went by without further incident. There were only a few crying jags in between, but for the most part Tommy was having too much fun helping his grandma pick berries for the cake and frosting they would make later on for dessert that night. By the time evening and then bedtime came around both Tommy and his grandmother were exhausted from their busy day.
After getting him in bed and tucked under the covers, Evelyn leaned down, kissed him good night, and was about to turn off the bedside light when Tommy said, “I don’t think I can go to sleep. I’m afraid of the dark.”
“Afraid of the dark?” Evelyn feigned surprise. “A big boy like you – I don’t believe it.”
“But I am. Please don’t leave me like Daddy did.”
She sat down on the edge of the bed, giving him a tender look. “Is that really what you think – that your daddy left you?”
He nodded.
“I’ll tell you something, I know your daddy and he loves you very much.”
“No he doesn’t. If he did he would have taken me with him.”
“Sometimes, adults have to make hard choices and have to think about what’s good for someone else, and can’t always do what they want. In this case, your daddy only did what he thought best for you. In the meantime, we’ll have so much fun that you won’t even notice the time that passes. And I must say, I’m not sad that you’re here.”
“You’re not?”
“No, in fact if you left I would be the one crying – wouldn’t that be funny to see Grandma crying?” Her words had the desired effect and got a smile from him. “Now I want you to quit telling yourself that your daddy doesn’t care, because that just isn’t true. Do we have an agreement?”
“I guess so, but I’m still afraid of monsters that might sneak in at night and get me.”
“You don’t have to be afraid. Not with the Beast of Rogue.”
“You mean there’s a beast that lives here?” His voice quivered slightly as he asked this.
“Absolutely.” Evelyn nodded. “Yes. In fact, this particular beast at this moment is wandering these very woods, right here in Rogue, Montana. It’s a fierce predator that goes in search of – can you guess?”
Tommy stared at her with eyes wide as saucers and shook his head.
“Monsters!”
He gave a little jump as she said this.
“And do you know what it does when it finds them?”
He gave another shake of his head, transfixed now on what his grandmother was telling him.
“It eats them!”
Having forgotten all about his fear of just moments before, Tommy said, “What does the beast look like?”
Evelyn’s eyes lit up mischievously. “I’ve never personally seen it, but I’ve heard, or rather read a very detailed description about it by those who not just saw it, but encountered it. It’s a magnificent animal that resembles a wolf in appearance, but much bigger and stronger than regular wolves, with a thick coat of silver gray that looks more silver than gray, and that shimmers so brightly, that when seen under direct moonlight it is blinding. But the beast’s most notable feature is its eyes – a striking shade of purple, the color of lilacs.”
“Why is it here?”
“I imagine because it was needed. Rogue is where myth and legend are born. Native American and cowboy folklore come to life and unite. But most of all, it is an important part of our heritage and ancestry.”
“Were there real cowboys, like the ones on TV?
“Oh yes – but this story centers around a miner and his daughter, Clementine, who years ago lived in this very cabin.” Evelyn settled down beside Tommy on the bed and began telling the story that her grandparents had told her, something she could now recite from memory. It wasn’t long before Tommy had fallen asleep and was snoring softly. Evelyn turned off the bedside lamp and quietly left the room.
The next day they ate an early breakfast of cinnamon toast, then took out the rowboat and two of Henry’s old fishing poles, and spent the day out on the lake. For dinner that night, Evelyn fried up the trout they’d caught; bedtime came early that evening.
Evelyn had gotten Tommy tucked in for the night and was about to leave when he said, “Wait, Grandma, don’t go yet. I want to hear more about the Beast of Rogue.”
Evelyn came back over to sit down on the edge of the bed. “I suppose it’s early enough to continue the story. Now where exactly were we from last night?”
“You told me about the young woman who was discovered floating face-down in the pool of water.”
Evelyn pulled the covers up around him and said, “Ah yes, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves. As with any good story things are never as simple as they seem. You see, even though this tale centers around a miner and his daughter, there were others who played a part in things as well. And one of those people was a poor fisherman’s wife. Let’s start at the very place where it all begin…”
CHAPTER TWO
1820
Making her way through the forest, Lucinda carried everything necessary for delivering a child in a basket – a basket that was just big enough to hold a small infant. She’d carefully prepared for this day for so long, and now it had finally arrived – almost nine long months of painstaking preparation and planning all leading to this climactic event. The sharp instruments she brought along with her had been boiled on the stove back in the meager hut she shared with her husband – a hut that had been too long without the laughter and joy only a child could bring.
Today she would change all that. Today, she would play God and decide the fate of the unfortunate woman who at that very moment toiled in labor, and at the same time change her own as well.
Living in a hut with a fisherman for a husband wasn’t the life she’d planned for, but rather had fallen into. For much too long she’d allowed others, fate, and circumstance to control her life, but not now – not anymore. This time she was the one in charge, the one in control. And no matter the price, for once it would be her, Lucinda, who would get what she wanted. Her simpleminded fool of a husband would no doubt at first ask questions, probably too many, but she would easily handle him.
Humming a lullaby her own mother used to sing to her, Lucinda made her way down the forested path and onto the wide dirt road, where shops and other businesses lined both sides and made up the small town of Rogue. Paying no heed to the people and the curious glances of those who passed her, she moved with a purpose to her step, took the rickety stairway that led up to the back of the brothel, and stepped into The House of the Rising Sun, as it was so aptly named.
Lucinda secretly loathed these women with their painted faces and cleavage-baring dresses, but they presented an opportunity that she couldn’t ignore. Their desperation and ignorance made them easy victims. This was her one chance to know what it was like to have a child of her own, and she wasn’t about to let that chance slip by her. Pausing briefly outside the door, she let her gaze travel along the walls and the opulent hangings and fixtures that adorned them, and then up at the gaudy overhanging crystal chandelier. All of it reminded her of sinful decadence and the fallen angels who resided there. Quickly making the sign of the cross over her chest, she offered up a silent prayer asking God’s forgiveness for having entered such a vile house, but was interrupted by a bloodcurdling scream that punctuated the silence and filled the corridor, bringing a smile to her lips. The agonized screams were like a well executed melody to her ears. The door she now stood in front of and faced served as the only barrier between her and the whore who writhed in agony with pangs brought on by childbirth.
Making a fist, she rapped loudly on the door, then waited until she heard what sounded like the voice of a frightened young girl telling her to come in. No sooner did she turn the handle and step through the door than she saw that her assumption was right. The poor girl left to attend to the screaming woman in the throes of labor couldn’t have been much more than fifteen, and by the pallor of her complexion and the way she wrung her hands together, it was plain to see the child had no experience in such things.
Squaring her shoulders, and with a deceptively kind smile playing on her lips, Lucinda exuded confidence in the manner in which she entered the room and immediately took charge, telling the anxious girl that she would handle it from there, then dismissed her. The girl practically ran out of the room, relief visible on her pretty young face.
Smoothing out a white cloth on the surface of the chest of drawers, Lucinda hummed quietly as she meticulously laid out all the instruments necessary for delivering a baby. A rush of anticipation filled her at what was to come next. She was unbothered by the screams that came from the woman who labored in agony only a few feet away from where she stood. In fact quite the opposite, she found it exhilarating and couldn’t help but feel that the suffering of labor was a righteous penance for such a sinner.
Changing her wide smile to that of a more somber expression, she turned her attention to her ward, and despite the malevolence she felt for this sinful creature, she began talking her through each contraction, and went about arranging pillows and making sure the woman was in proper form. Lucinda did all this with a precision and calm that came with experience of someone who had done this many times before, for many different women from all stations of life.
When it came to childbirth, whether it be the rich or the poor, the sinful or the pious, in the end they were all the same, crying out with every contraction and cursing the pain they were forced to endure. And all the while, Lucinda secretly envied these women, and thought how she would gladly have endured all the pain in the world, if she were blessed with a child of her own. Many nights she’d lain awake praying for just such a miracle to occur, but those prayers had gone unanswered – until now.
She still clearly remembered that day when she’d been approached by this harlot, a woman ill fit for motherhood, and who didn’t deserve the blessing that had been unfairly bestowed upon her. Telling herself now that this woman was nothing more than an incubator, and that she, Lucinda, was the true intended mother – the rightful mother –  she felt justified and at peace with what she was about to do, and thought of herself as an angel of mercy, swooping down from a lofty place in the heavens, to take this child born of sin and make it pure once more. Of course, the birth mother, being the immoral woman that she was, couldn’t be expected to understand and things were bound to get ugly before they got better. It was only for the righteous, those appointed to do the Lord’s bidding, to have such an understanding.
Stiffly lowering herself down into a hard-backed chair, Lucinda watched the woman in the throes of birthing pangs with a cold and calculated indifference – or maybe not indifference so much as malice. As Lucinda sat watching her, she had to bite back laughter as she thought back to when the harlot had first come to her, already heavy with child, and the surprise and gratitude that had crossed her overly made-up face when Lucinda, after having granted her request, had refused all offers of payment for her services. Even now she could still remember how this woman with her kohl-lined, greenish gold eyes, more gold than green, had looked at her and said, “You certainly are the most charitable, kindest person I’ve ever known. A real lady with a heart of gold. You must be an angel sent down from the heavens, and the answer to all my prayers.”
And the answer to mine, thought Lucinda as she stood outside the hut, and watched the woman of ill repute disappear back through the forest.
Being here in this house of sin and evildoers, she recalled how when she’d first answered the knock, she’d almost missed her chance and had been about to turn the woman away. Lucinda had only to look at her to know exactly what she was, but then something, perhaps the loss she’d only just experienced from the miscarriage she herself had suffered, was the very thing that made her stop and listen to the earnest request made by the harlot, a request to deliver the child that grew within her body – a child that, at the end of those nine months, Lucinda had secretly decided would be hers.
Snapping out of her thoughts and back to the present, she turned her attention to the task at hand. Lucinda checked the baby’s progress, then giving a smile that showed yellow, uneven teeth, she said, “It’s time to begin pushing.”
Beads of perspiration ran down the woman’s face as she pushed with the contractions, each one more painful than the last.
“That’s it. Just a little more and it will all be over with,” encouraged Lucinda. “Now when the next contraction comes I want you to push as hard as you can.”
“I can’t! I can’t do this anymore,” wailed the woman as the muscles in her abdomen seized and contracted. She turned her head to the side, straining against the pain, her fingers forming a fist as she clutched the bed sheets.
“Yes you can. Focus on me and do exactly what I tell you,” snapped Lucinda, the kindness in her voice replaced by a coldness that until then hadn’t been there. Positioning herself between the woman’s legs, she said, “Baby’s almost here. I can already see the head. With the next contraction give me a really good push.”
Leaning forward, the woman pushed as hard as she could and gave one final scream. No sooner had she done this than the room filled with the thin cries of a new life. Falling back onto the bed, she stared up at the ceiling, listening to the welcome sound of her child’s first cries. Although weak, she was able to push herself up against the pillows, her eyes searching the room for her baby, but saw only the tiny pink feet and toes that curled impatiently and kicked out from the blanket that covered it. She was anxious to see her child, but the rest of the baby was blocked from view by the midwife who stood with her back turned to her and cradled the baby as if it were her own.
Holding out her arms, she called for her child. Lucinda ignored her and continued to rock the baby, and then in a voice scarcely more than a whisper said, “She’s not yours.”
Watching all this from her place on the bed, the woman started to panic, crying out again for her child. Could it be that perhaps she hadn’t really heard what she thought she heard? But although she wanted badly to deny it, a desperate, terrible feeling came over her, and a possibility she didn’t want to admit had slowly snaked its way into her thoughts. The life that had lived for so long inside her and up until then had been only hers, was now being withheld from her very eyes. Surely this woman who had been so kind and meticulous in her care of her, wasn’t capable of doing the terrible thing she feared was about to happen, but when the woman turned around to face her, she was confronted with the true reason behind Lucinda’s friendliness and readiness to help. And the reality of what was about to happen horrified her.
In a matter of mere seconds the child that had been hers would be whisked away by this devil in disguise, and she would never get a chance to hear her child cry or even glimpse the life that had grown inside her. It all became painfully clear why the seemingly kind midwife readily agreed to be there for the delivery without charge – because the baby was the payment. This knowledge only served to make her more frantic, but in her weakened state from having already lost so much blood, there wasn’t much she could do about it. Her eyes locked on the cold stare, mixed with what she now recognized as hatred – hatred that this woman no longer bothered to hide behind a mask of kindness.
“Please give me my child. I want my child,” she pleaded, desperately hoping to reason with this monstrous stranger – for that’s what she was, because only a monster would steal another woman’s child. Perhaps if she could just get the woman to stay long enough to listen to her, she’d be able to talk her out of carrying through with her plan. “Please try and understand that the life I lead and the choices I’ve made to survive, don’t change how I feel about my baby.”
But if Lucinda heard or was listening, she gave no indication as she turned her back on the woman and continued rocking the small form in her arms, as if the mother who sobbed brokenheartedly didn’t exist.
Trying once more to beseech this woman who was about to steal her child, she said, “I may not have much, but what I don’t have I’ll make up for in love – this child will have all the opportunities I never had, I’ll see to it. I already made a promise to myself and God, you see, that if I had a girl I would shield her as well as I could from this life, and that she would never have to do what I do just to live. Just as soon as I have enough saved I’ll leave here, and we’ll start a whole new life elsewhere, somewhere where there’s more opportunity. I’ll find another way to earn money and we’ll have our own home. I’ll raise her proper. So please, whatever it is you think you have to do, you don’t.” She paused, and waited to see if the woman who held her baby would say something, and when no reply came, she continued, “Is that what my baby is – a girl? It is, isn’t it.” Tears clouded her vision. “I can sense it.”
“Yes –” hissed Lucinda, “It is a girl. My daughter is beautiful and she’s all mine –”
“No! You can’t do this! She’s not yours, she’s mine!”
Lucinda ignored this and placed a kiss on the baby’s forehead, lowered her into the basket, then turned on the bereft mother, and through clenched teeth said, “Did you really believe that I would allow a whore to raise a child that I helped to bring into this world?” She snickered. “I would rather see this child dead before I would see it brought up by the likes of you.”
She listened speechlessly to the woman, who was clearly mad, ramble on.
Lucinda’s pale blue eyes grew wide as she moved toward the bed. “Did you really think I would help someone like you, and accept no payment?” Her lips twisted into a snarl. “This place isn’t where a child belongs, and you certainly aren’t fit to be a mother to anyone or anything.”
“Please, I’m willing to give you everything I have – my entire life savings, if only you’d give me back my baby.”
“I already have what I want. There’s nothing more you can give me.”
“If you walk out the door with my baby, I’ll tell everyone what you did, that you stole my child,” she threatened.
Lucinda leaned down close to her and hissed, “Then I’ll just have to make sure you don’t live long enough to tell. But by the looks of it, I won’t have to worry about it – with all the blood you’ve already lost it would be a miracle if you survived the hour, much less the night.”
The baby started to whimper and both women looked over to the basket.
“She needs to be fed,” said Lucinda matter of factly, already crossing over to the basket and picking up the baby.
The mother stretched her arms toward the child and said, “Here, give her to me. I’ll feed her.”
“That won’t be necessary. I have all the milk she needs. And you – well, you’re just not needed anymore. She’ll grow up never even knowing of your existence – or better yet, perhaps I’ll tell her that her mother hadn’t wanted her.”
“It’s true what you said about me – that I’m a whore, but you, you’re a cruel wicked woman without a heart.”
Not bothering to give a reply, Lucinda settled down in a chair across from her, and after undoing the top few buttons of her dress, brought the infant to her breast, allowing it to suckle.
“You can’t possibly have any milk to give her – not without having borne a child of your own,” said the woman.
Lucinda smiled down at the feeding infant then back at the mother and said, “There are herbs – herbs from the forest that when properly taken, help milk to come in. Of course someone like you wouldn’t understand. Women like you never do. They always take such things for granted, just like they take their bodies’ ability to conceive for granted.”
Undisguised hatred burned behind the golden-green eyes of the deathly pale-faced woman, “You’ll never get away –” But before she could protest further, the words she was about to speak went up into a scream as an unexpected contraction caused the muscles in her abdomen to clench painfully, and tear through her like a searing blade of fire.
Getting to her feet, Lucinda placed the baby in the basket carrier, and paced, wondering how it was that she hadn’t realized that the whore was heavy with not just one, but two children. Not having yet decided what to do with this unplanned-for and unexpected baby, Lucinda watched as the woman pushed out this second child.
Thin wails from both her tiny daughters echoed from some distant, faraway place. The pain that had been excruciating just moments earlier had vanished, and in its place was a terrifying numbness that made her feel as if she were light as air and floating. Everything started to dim, almost as if nightfall had come to blanket the room in darkness. The thin wails she kept hearing rose and fell – they were her babies, but what they wanted and why she wasn’t holding them, she didn’t know. She’d suddenly forgotten what had happened, and where she was – had she really just given birth to not just one, but two babies? A feeling of further confusion came over her when the face of a woman, someone who seemed familiar somehow, came into her line of vision, and hovered there above her. Everything had gone black, save for the familiar stranger’s face, watching her with an expression she couldn’t quite fathom. Was it concern? Sadness? Or possibly delight – no, it was none of those things. And then the chilling realization came to her too late, that the woman who now watched her was about to steal her babies. And she was about to die – no, she was dying. She tried to speak, to call out for the babies she would never hold or see, hadn’t even glimpsed either of their faces, and that was when the woman’s features seemed suddenly to become grotesque and monstrous, as she smiled down at her wickedly, exposing uneven yellow teeth, and then faded into black. Before she could speak her voice was stolen from her, and she was consumed by the black void that up until then had only threatened to close in on her. Blood flowed out of her and drenched the bed sheets, only to drip lazily down onto the sawdust-covered floor.
Lucinda stayed only long enough to sever the umbilical cord, and place the second child next to her dead mother, then took the first child born, and slipped out the back way unnoticed.
Golden-green eyes, more gold than green, stared up vacantly at the ceiling. A lone infant lay nearby, her cries unheard by her mother, who had already taken her last breath at almost the exact time her daughter had taken her first.
Sometime later that same day, the prostitute who had died in childbirth was discovered lying in bed, with her child who was very much alive beside her. The child’s continued thin wails had gotten the attention of some of the other girls who worked in the brothel. They took pity on the small baby girl who had been left to lie beside the cold, stiff body of her dead mother, and one of them whisked her away and brought her to the doorstep of a peculiar, but kind-hearted wealthy spinster who lived near town in a home that, during construction, had been designed to resemble one of her favorite shoes. The lonely woman’s only wish was to have a child, but she had given up long ago on motherhood when it became apparent that youth had passed her by without the offer of marriage, or interest from a potential suitor. When she opened her door to discover a beautiful baby girl ensconced in a basket, wrapped in blankets, with a note that read, Please take care of Suzanna, all her prayers it seemed had been answered.
That evening, sitting next to the window and cradling the tiny infant in her arms, she smiled down into the peaceful, angelic face of her daughter and said, “An angel of mercy has seen fit to bestow you unto me, and has given you the name Suzanna, and Suzanna is what you shall be.” Moonlight spilled in through the large window, casting the home’s cozy interior in a warm glow.
Meanwhile, on that same night on the opposite side of Rogue, nestled deep in the woods, was the small hut where the fisherman and his wife, Lucinda, lived.
Lucinda was rocking the newborn infant gently in her arms, a child that only a few hours earlier she’d helped to deliver and then stolen, staying only long enough to see the mother, a worthless whore, draw her last breath as the second child was born.
Now back at home in the modest hut she shared with her husband, surrounded by their meager belongings, Lucinda sat near the fire that blazed and hissed from the hearth, and gazed down into the sleeping, peaceful face of the baby. Orange-red light danced across the innocent planes of the child’s face – a face that was so beautiful, it reminded her of the dolls that were sold in shops to anxious, petulant children. But of course this was no doll, but instead was a child, a child that was now hers.
Humming softly, she watched as the infant’s eyes fluttered open. At first she thought the child might cry, like so many of the babies she’d seen in town, cared for by tired mothers, but she was instead surprised to see that the infant in her arms regarded her with curious, wide, unblinking blue eyes, the same color that every child was born with. Secretly she hoped that this child’s eye color would never darken or change, but might remain the same, and then perhaps with the same color of eyes, people might really believe them to be mother and daughter.
Speaking softly to this stolen child, she said, “Whoever would have thought that you had a sister – but I remedied that, didn’t I? I left her there to die with that worthless whore of a mother. I won’t share you with anyone.” Cradling her closer, she continued, “We’re all the family we need, aren’t we? Yes, of course we are. Nothing will ever take you away from me.” The baby started crying as if on cue. “Somebody must be hungry again. That’s all right, Momma – your new momma will feed you.” She undid the top buttons of her dress and cradled the infant close to her bosom, and watched as the small life latched onto her breast and began to feed.
The door to the hut swung open, and the fisherman walked in, his clothes dirty from a long day of work.
Not bothering to look up from the child she was feeding, Lucinda said, “Catch any fish?”
“Enough,” was his only reply. He kicked off his shoes and tiredly settled down in his favored chair. He was about to reach for the pipe that he habitually smoked, when he looked at his wife and for the first time noticed the baby cradled in her arms. “What’s that?”
“A child – what else would you think it is?” Beaming, she got up and walked over to where he sat, and presented the baby to him. “Isn’t she the most precious thing you ever saw?”
He stared down in amazement at the tiny bundle. “Why, she’s just a wee little wisp of a thing.”
“Of course she’s small – she was just born. Well, don’t just stare at her. Take her while I get dinner made.”
Before he could object, she thrust the baby toward him, leaving him no choice but to accept the sleeping infant.
She was halfway to the stove when her husband called out to her, “Lucinda? What have you done?”
Stiffening, she whirled around on him. Her eyes narrowed and lips thinned in barely controlled rage. Her words were spoken in a deliberate, low, angry voice, “What I did, was save a baby from a mother who didn’t want it. And if it hadn’t been for me, the mother would have abandoned it. Now, if you’re finished questioning me, I’m going to get started on making our dinner.”
Shrinking back from his wife’s anger, he said no more, and awkwardly held the small child in his arms, staring at it as though it were a foreign object that at any moment might break.
“That’s not how you hold her,” snapped Lucinda. She impatiently crossed over to where he sat, and repositioned the infant in his arms. “There.” She stood back and looked on in approval. “That’s better. Now stay that way, and if she wakes up and begins to fuss just rock her gently, but she just finished eating, so I’m sure she’ll probably stay asleep.”
Unable to hide his astonishment, he said, “You’re able to feed this child?”
“Of course I’m able to feed the child – what else would you have me do?” She gave a sharp, annoyed laugh. “Let it starve? And besides, where are your eyes? I was feeding the child when you walked in.”
“I just assumed that since you never carried a child to full term, that you wouldn’t have any milk to give.”
“Well, aren’t you smart,” she said, a hint of biting sarcasm to her voice. “I would have thought that such female matters would bore you, but since you clearly have developed an interest in knowing, I’ll tell you. I’ve been taking herbs that would help to bring in my milk. The mother, you see, let me know early on that she wouldn’t be wanting to keep the child, so I saw no other choice but to offer to take and raise it myself. I hadn’t wanted to tell you until the time was right. I thought to surprise you – and you are pleased to be a father, aren’t you?”
Not wanting to disappoint or incur his wife’s wrath, he said, “If that’s what pleases you then it pleases me as well.”
Presenting him with a wide grin, she said, “It does please me, my husband. It pleases me very much.”
“Then it’s settled. That’s what we shall do. We’ll raise this child as if she were our own.”
“I knew you would understand.”
Lucinda ate more than usual that night, and had second and third helpings of supper. The day’s activities had left her famished.
Later, when it was time for bed, she settled down next to the hearth and warmed herself by the fire that blazed within it, while feeding the child that had become fussy, but now as it drank the offered milk, gradually began to grow sleepy and stared up at her with heavy-lidded, partially closed eyes.
Speaking sweetly, in soft, dulcet tones that belied the actual words, Lucinda said, “Yes, that’s it, sleep, my child spawned by sin and born of a whore, a woman without virtue or morals – she got exactly what she deserved.” Lucinda lovingly ran a finger along the soft face of the baby, and rocked her gently while saying, “And now here you are, my child, God has seen fit to bestow you into my care. And now, for the first time I know what it is I shall call you – Bella. A harlot’s name…”
No one realized there had been a second child, nor was the attending midwife ever questioned, but instead was held in high regard for having come to a house of ill repute to deliver a child born of sin. It wasn’t until a short time later that Lucinda, through local gossip, got word of the baby girl that was discovered lying next to her dead mother, a prostitute from The House of the Rising Sun, and how she was left on the doorstep of the eccentric local woman’s house, by one of the other working girls. This, she knew, was the child she’d hoped would perish alongside the mother, but she was careful to keep this knowledge quiet.
In the months that followed, Lucinda kept mostly to herself, and rarely brought the stolen child with her on the few visits she made to town. There were whispered rumors spread by the local gossips about how Lucinda came to have a child of her own, and although there was much speculation no one ever questioned her, and in time such talk died down.
CHAPTER THREE
The sun became a burgeoning red as it set in the violet sky. The fisherman watched a chorus of colors burst forth as the sun made one last glorious appearance before sinking into oblivion as a full moon rose up from the opposite end of the sky.
Often he would stay out in his boat, and float across the expanse of water, sipping from a canteen of whiskey while staring out at the deepening shadows that flitted and danced across the blanket of blue that carried both him and his boat along. The gentle rocking of the waves put him at ease and helped soothe his nerves that routinely became jangled by Lucinda and her constant nagging.
More than once he’d thought about taking off and leaving the woman, but if he did, what would he do and where would he go? No, he was too old to be worrying about starting over someplace new, and although he didn’t earn much, it was enough to exist on, and never having been particularly ambitious, that was really all that mattered to him. Give him a canteen of whiskey and his old rowboat drifting lazily along the lake with him in it, and he was happy.
Taking another swig from the canteen, he settled back in the cradle of the boat, and gazed up at the millions of stars that dotted the sky, twinkling down at him. Although he wasn’t yet inebriated, the whiskey helped to relax him. He took another long swig of it, liking the warm burn as it slid down the back of his throat.
Yup. Life was good.
At times like this he could even forget he had a wife. His eyes slowly fell shut, and gradually he drifted off to sleep. A short time later he was startled awake by something wet and fishy that smacked against his face. Wiping at his mouth and eyes, the fisherman sat up from where he lay in the boat, and was even more startled to find himself in an unfamiliar part of the lake.
Having fished in these waters practically all his life, he thought he knew every last square foot of it, and found himself in awe at what he was seeing. He’d almost forgotten what had disturbed him out of his sleep to begin with, until frantic movement from the cradle of the boat caught his attention. He looked down to see the most beautiful fish he’d ever seen, flopping around, hitting uselessly up against the paneling of the boat, its mouth open, desperate for water. It was covered in metallic purple scales that shifted beneath the moonlight into a brilliant blue. Unable to decide which of the two to be, the scales were forever changing from purple to blue, then blue to purple. What captured his attention most about the exotic creature were its eyes, a glow in the dark blue, the shade of the most exquisite topaz. There was something about this magnificent creature that touched him, and he couldn’t bear to see it perish. So instead of taking it home, he scooped the fish up and tossed it back into the lake.
It was only then that he was finally able to take the time to admire his surroundings. Cerulean waters went for as far as his eyes could see, with no spot of land in sight. A canopy of twisted vines with pink blossoms shot out, and hung overhead. In some places the tree branches and overhanging vines with their blossoms reached down to skim the surface and brush along his boat. These plants were beautiful but oppressive, and threatened to entrap both him and his boat in their serpentine grasp. Yet stranger was how his boat moved of its own volition, ever deeper, pushing inexorably forward, to what he didn’t know. It was propelled by some unseen force through long winding vines that became longer until they disappeared beneath the blue depths, only to float in and out of sight, moving lazily along with the current.
A ripple went through the water next to his boat, as if something large swam beneath the surface. Leaning over the boat’s edge, he peered into the water and caught brief flashes of a serpentine body covered in green scales, and much like the fish, this creature’s scales also changed with the light to every shade of green imaginable.
This was a dream. It had to be. That or a drunken stupor. Perhaps he’d had more to drink than he realized.
A breeze blew across the water, and a hiss like that of a dozen snakes filled his ears. Worse, he could make out what sounded like actual words.
“You’ve returned the water creature to its home. For this good deed you shall be rewarded. Wish and it shall be granted…”
Now he knew with certainty that he was going mad from having lived too long with Lucinda and her shrewish behavior. Finally all those years of suffering in silence had caught up with him, as he knew they one day would, only he never expected it to happen in quite this way.
The hissing grew louder, more insistent, and the words formed, “What is your wish?” The disembodied voice echoed across the waters.
He stole a glance down, and a jolt of fear went through him at seeing the large sinuous body of a snake. Its scales glittered back at him as it swam around the boat, encircling it with its winding body.
Without thinking, he grabbed the oars and began frantically rowing but in his haste he had become disoriented, and no longer knew in which direction to go. The further he went, the thicker the vines became. After a while of rowing he was certain he’d escaped whatever snakelike creature lurked in this beautiful but strange place of water, vines, and overhanging flowers.
He soon decided that it would be easier finding his way out of this maze of vines and branches in the morning. The fisherman lay down in his boat and was about to close his eyes, when there, hanging above him from a wide tree limb, was the largest snake he’d ever seen, that could only be described as a mythical serpent. A creature brought to life in wild tales told by drunken fishermen. Its scaly body shimmered and shone in every possible shade of green. He recognized it as the same creature he’d glimpsed earlier swimming around his boat. Its serpentine body wrapped around the massive tree, before dropping out of sight into the water, only to reappear up ahead in the distance, slapping the waves, coiling and uncoiling, its green scales glistening in the watery darkness.
Faced with the monstrous snake, he scrambled as far back into the boat as he could get, then gave a warbled cry as the snake lowered its head down to the boat and studied him curiously through jungle-green eyes that glowed back at him from the dark. Gaping up at the creature, the fisherman was so paralyzed with fright that he soon passed out.
When he came to, he was relieved to find that he was back in the familiar surroundings of the lake. The grassy bank of the meadow could be seen in the near distance. Still rattled from the encounter, he rowed furiously toward the meadow, casting a backward glance to see if it were possible to catch sight of anything similar to what he’d been lost in, but saw nothing more than the dark blue swell of rising and falling water.
The serpent’s glowing green eyes were the last thing he remembered having seen before he’d lost consciousness. There was a reasonable explanation for none of it, yet that’s what had happened. The fear he’d experienced had been too real to rationalize away as nothing more than a drunken bout, or a dream. Briefly, he wondered how long he’d lain there on the floor of his boat passed out, drifting aimlessly along, but then decided that since it was still dark he couldn’t have been out for long.
“Grandma,” said Tommy, interrupting the story. “Where in the lake had the fisherman actually gone?”
“The water in the lake had risen unusually high, so high in fact, that while the fisherman had been asleep, the water level had risen up to flood the inside of the cave, nestled toward the very back of the waterfall, and in so doing, caused the tides to pull his boat into the cave, and through a winding passage that brought him into this magical, unknown part of the lake.”
“Wow,” said Tommy, clearly amazed.
“Shall I go on with the story?” said Evelyn.
Giving an anxious nod of his head, Tommy listened contentedly to his grandma as she continued and said, “The time had come for the fisherman to return home…”
As the fisherman neared the grassy banks, he caught sight of Lucinda’s silhouette in the swath of moonlight, and mentally braced himself for the diatribe that was sure to follow. No sooner did he pull up to the bank of the meadow than she flew at him with her words, “That’s just as I thought.” She chortled unpleasantly. “Your supper is at home getting cold, and here you are acting like the drunken fool that you are, floating around in this old piece of driftwood in a mindless stupor. Sometimes I wish you’d just fall into these waters and drown. You’re worthless anyway. Always have been. You couldn’t provide a decent life for us if your life depended on it.”
“It’s not what you think. Not this time,” argued the fisherman.
Her eyes narrowed and she jabbed out a finger at him. “Not what I think? It’s what I smell. The stench is all over you.”
Too late the fisherman realized that in his panic he’d forgotten to secure the lid of the canteen, and that its precious contents were lost when it tipped and spilled out all over him and the boat.
Wrinkling her nose in distaste, Lucinda said, “You reek of the stuff.” She caught sight of the empty canteen lying on its side in the bottom of the boat. Plucking it up, she took a whiff from it, then tossed it out into the water.
The fisherman looked on helplessly as it sank into the dark blue expanse. “Why did you have to go and do that? You know that was my only canteen.”
“Because you don’t need it,” snapped Lucinda. “All you ever do is fill it with the devil’s brew. Always wasting our last pennies on sinful luxuries that we can’t afford. And what do you think I do all day, but tend to that ungrateful brat of a daughter, wash, mend clothes, cook, and clean. And day after day, I have nothing more to eat than fish! It’s gotten to where I can’t even stand the smell of it – or you. And what’s even worse is the hut itself and how it’s falling down all around us. The roof is leaking and you’ve yet to patch it.”
Closing out the rest of Lucinda’s complaints, the fisherman’s thoughts went back to the snake and the words he was certain he’d heard.
A wish you shall be granted…
“Yes! That’s it,” exclaimed the fisherman as he excitedly turned to his wife.
“What’s it? That you’re a no good drunk?” She laughed bitterly. “I already knew that.” Lucinda watched impatiently as he walked back to the boat. “And just where do you think you’re going?” With her hands placed on her hips, she stared after him as he pushed the boat back out into the water, then climbed into it and began rowing out toward the middle of the lake. “Well, I’ll be!” Shaking her head, she turned and started back to the hut alone, no longer caring whether or when he came back.
Unsure of how to get back to the place with all the blossoms and vines where he’d first encountered the strange and exotic fish and then the serpent, the fisherman tamped down his fear, and cupping his hands around his mouth, called out into the silence. “I was told I could make a wish!” His own voice echoed back to him from across the water.
“Yesssss,” came the hiss. The smooth surface of the lake was disturbed by the great snake as it swam lazily around his boat. Although the serpent’s head and most of its body were hidden beneath the dark waters, every few seconds the fisherman would see a flash of green sparkling scales as part of the creature’s sinuous form broke the surface, only to resubmerge out of sight.
Mustering up his courage, he thought about what Lucinda would want and said, “I spoke to my wife and she would like a new hut to replace the old, with gleaming wood throughout, and a variety of different foods and delicacies to fill the pantry and cellar.”
“Go,” hissed the serpent, “and see that it is done.”
Practically trembling with excitement and disbelief at what was happening, the fisherman hurriedly rowed back to the grassy meadow, where he left the boat and raced home to his wife.
When he caught sight of the hut he was struck with awe. It was hard to imagine that such a place was theirs. After looking over the entire structure, he saw that the serpent had indeed kept its promise. Certain that Lucinda would be just as pleased, he lit a lantern to see by, then crossed over to the bed where she slept and woke her up.
No sooner did she open her eyes and sit up in bed when she noticed that the room and even the bed she lay in were different. “Where are we?” She shot him a look of mistrust.
“Home. This is our home,” said the fisherman.
She took in her surroundings through the flickering light from the lantern flame, and said, “But how can that be?”
“It is because I wished it so.” He went on to show her the rest of the immaculate dwelling, and recounted everything from having fallen asleep to awakening, and discovering himself in a strange and unfamiliar place. When he’d finished telling her about the serpent and his return visit, and the wish that followed, she shushed him, then shooting him a look of warning said, “We mustn’t wake Bella and let her hear all this.”
“Why not? By morning when she wakes up she’ll see the miraculous transformation anyway.”
“Yes, but by then I will have thought of a reasonable explanation to give her.”
“Reasonable?” The fisherman laughed. “How could you ever think to explain something like this to her, without also telling her the truth?”
“I don’t know but I’ll think of something.”
“I don’t see what harm it’d be to just let the girl know what happened. It seems like it would be easier than making up a lie.”
Slapping a hand over his mouth, she lowered her voice and said, “Because there’s no telling what kind of trouble a fool girl of her age could get into if she were to realize that them waters out there hold powers, magical powers.”
Lucinda peered in at Bella, who lay sleeping in a bed that looked feather soft, and a room just as grand as the rest. Once satisfied that the young girl hadn't been disturbed, Lucinda pulled the door quietly shut, then went to the fisherman and said, “Come, my husband. We must make it down to the water, and you must row out to the middle of the lake, and ask for something better than all this.”
“Better than all this?” balked the fisherman. “But isn’t this what you wanted?”
“This isn’t what I wanted, not when I could have so much more.” Lucinda placed a hand on his back, and propelled him out the door and into the cool night. Realizing that she would allow no further argument, the fisherman wearily did as Lucinda wanted, and returned to the lake with her by his side. He looked on helplessly as she pulled the boat away from the tree where he’d last left it, dragged it down to the water’s edge, took him by the arm and led him to the rowboat, then shoved him down into it. “There. Now get to rowing. And when you find the serpent, this time make a wish that’s worth wishing.”
“But we have everything we could ever need or want. What more could we possibly ask for?”
“A castle, for starters.”
The fisherman gaped at her, a look of astonishment on his face. “A castle? But that’s too much. I couldn’t possibly ask for something that’s so, so extravagant.”
“You can’t because you’re a simpleminded fool. A village idiot, really.” Lucinda put an end to the discussion by giving the front of the boat a hard shove. She straightened back up and said, “Now you ask for what I said or don’t come back.”
The fisherman watched as the currents quickly swept him out into the middle of the dark blue expanse. His wife fast became a distant figure before disappearing into the blackness altogether. He felt jittery, his nerves strummed tight at the prospect of making such a request. A request that seemed ungrateful, even selfish after having been given so much. But he already knew from experience that when Lucinda got this way there was no changing her mind or reasoning with her.
Once he’d made it to the middle of the lake, a cold wind blew across the surface of the water. The boat rocked gently with the rise and fall of the waves, and a deepening sense of dread filled him at what he was about to do, but the thought of facing his wife’s displeasure was even worse. Instinctively cradling his arms around himself, the fisherman was about to call out into the empty darkness, when the gentle rhythm of the waves was disturbed by a ripple that surrounded the boat. Fog formed above the lake to settle on the water’s surface, and rose up in smoky white tendrils.
A hiss swirled around him in the thickening fog. “Your wife has wished for a castle. Go to her and tell her it has been granted…”
Too startled to utter a word, the fisherman wondered how it was possible the serpent had known the reason for his visit. Dismissing it from his mind, his thoughts turned to getting back to the meadow, but when he began to row, he was filled with panic to discover that in seconds the fog had gathered to form a solid white wall that was impossible to see through. He was lost, and surely would have remained so, had it not been for a large wave that gathered up both him and his boat, swept him out of the fog, and brought him to the grassy bank of the meadow at his wife’s feet.
“Well? Don’t just sit there saying nothing. What happened? Did we get our wish?” Lucinda loomed over him, her eyes wide with excitement.
“You have your castle,” said the fisherman wearily. He was about to step out of the boat when she surprised him by shoving him with such force that he fell back, and found himself sprawled out in the boat’s cradle. His unexpected fall rocked the boat from side to side, driving it back into deeper waters, and plunged him into the milky white mist once more.
Drifting blindly through the impenetrable white wall of fog, he called out to his wife, “What are you doing?! Didn’t you hear what I said! We have our castle – isn’t that what you wanted?!”
Lucinda’s shrill voice echoed back to him. “Servants! We need servants!”
Muttering under his breath, he said, “Servants. Of course.”
Dejectedly he began rowing blindly through the dense wall of white, knowing that no matter what wishes were granted, Lucinda would never truly be satisfied. Just as she thought she wanted a child until she got little Bella, and in a short time was no longer happy with her, and the child had long since become a burden. The fisherman hoped that he wouldn’t be able to find his way back through the fog, and that by morning his wife would be forced to see reason, and be satisfied with the castle.
But after a time of drifting lazily along, the sound of something large swimming in the water nearby came to him. It was the serpent, and once more the creature seemed to know what he wanted without his having voiced a request. The water came alive with violent splashing and slapping from heavy waves. Then just as before, a hiss rose up through the mist and said, “The wish for servants has been granted.”
An unseen force propelled him back through the fog and to the bank of the meadow, where his wife impatiently awaited.
“It is done. We now have servants,” said the fisherman.
Before he had a chance to step out onto the dry land, Lucinda roughly grabbed hold of the front of the boat and shoved it back into the blinding fog. “That’s not good enough. None of it’s good enough! Not only do I want a castle and servants but I want the body of a goddess!”
“Oh, but Lucinda,” wailed the fisherman, “it’s too much, all of it’s too much!” But the wind and waves had already swept him out into deeper waters. Through the whistling howl of the wind, he heard the faint shriek of Lucinda’s voice, “It will never be too much! Never!”
Her words were soon lost in the storm that was brewing. High whistling winds and crashing waves became a deafening howl that drowned out all other sounds. The boat rocked from side to side as the rough  waters grew increasingly turbulent, making it necessary for him to grab onto either side of the small boat to keep from being thrown into the choppy waves. Even if he were to try, rowing would have been impossible. It unsettled him to know that he was now at the mercy of the storm. Unable to navigate his way through the treacherous waters, he was left with little choice but to wait it out and hope he survived.
Inwardly cursing his wife and her insatiable greed, the fisherman closed his eyes against the biting wind and cold spray of water, and struggled to keep the nausea down that threatened to overtake him from the sensation of constant movement. Each time he opened his eyes he was confronted with dense white fog that helped to keep him disoriented. Whirling wind tunneled through, creating strange and eerie shapes in the mist, and reminded him of a dozen dancing ghosts.
After an undetermined time, the dizzying motion from the rollicking waves ceased, and the boat came to a dead standstill, despite the continuing storm. Worse yet, the heavy fog had rendered the fisherman virtually blind and further unsettled him.
A hiss rose up all around him in a way that made his blood run cold. A long, snakelike form materialized in the thick white mist, and hovered high above the water’s surface. Each time he caught a glimpse of the giant silhouette it would vanish from sight only to reappear in another part of the white mist. Sometimes the imposing form would be to the front of the boat, before moving off to the right and then left of him. The hissing grew louder until his ears hurt from the sound of it, and then the words spoken were unmistakable as the great serpent said, “Your wife has asked for too much and so will receive nothing.” As the creature spoke its eyes began to glow, and became visible through the fog. The fisherman gasped at the shocking sight of the reptilian eyes that grew brighter and brighter shifting to every imaginable shade of green, just as the creature’s scales had done before. It was as startlingly beautiful as it was frightening.
“Return home to your hut now!”
No sooner did the great serpent hiss out these last words, when a giant tidal wave swelled up, taking him and his boat with it. Gripping onto anything he could find to gain purchase, the fisherman braced himself and in a matter of seconds the wild ride ended, and he and his boat were swept up onto the grassy bank where Lucinda awaited.
“Well?” She hovered over him anxiously as he shakily got to his feet and stepped out onto the meadow. Ignoring her altogether, he wordlessly dragged the boat back over to the lone tree, then looked at his wife, who continued to regard him anxiously. “Do I look any different?” Lucinda asked as she reached up to tentatively touch her face.
“No. You look exactly the same,” said the fisherman before walking away.
“The same?!” shrieked Lucinda. She angrily took off after him. “What do you mean, the same?!”
Drawing in a deep breath, he swiveled around to face her, and in an uncharacteristic burst of anger said, “That’s just what I mean. Because of you and your constant need for more and more, we now have exactly what we had before – nothing!” He went on to tell her about the storm incurred by the great serpent’s wrath.
Hearing all this, she turned on him in rising fury and said, “I don’t know why you couldn’t have just died out there instead then!” Lucinda stomped off, leaving him behind.
The fisherman glowered after her, and under his breath said, “I wish I didn’t even have a wife.”
Nothing more was spoken between them about that fateful night when they could have had everything, but lost it all instead. There wasn’t a day when Lucinda didn’t look back on it with regret, and more than once thought about taking the boat out herself to try to get back what they’d lost. But then remembering what her husband had said about the storm, she found herself too fearful of invoking the serpent’s wrath to request anything more.
CHAPTER FOUR
The lush green meadow with its field of wildflowers spread out for what seemed like miles, the air redolent with their intoxicating perfume. Sixteen years had passed since Bella was taken from her mother, and during that time she’d grown into a beautiful young woman. Lucinda had sent her to The Falls to gather water and bring it back to the hut. Having finished with the rest of her chores early, Bella decided that taking some time off from her work duties couldn’t hurt, especially since filling the bucket with water was the last task she had to complete that day.
Lying amongst a field of wildflowers with her feet dangling in the gentle swirling waters of The Falls, sleep beckoned, and without meaning to, her eyes fell shut. She enjoyed it here in this majestic place, a place where she could go to escape Lucinda’s sharp tongue. Life in the hut wasn’t easy. There was rarely enough food, and many times fish was all they had to eat. Sometimes if her father got a big enough catch, he’d go to town and sell what he caught at the market, and they’d be able to afford some rice, and at times vegetables. There wasn’t a day that passed that Lucinda didn’t remind Bella of what a burden she was for them. Putting all her mother’s harsh words and condemnations from her mind, Bella soon drifted off to sleep for a short time, where she dreamt that she’d met and fallen in love with a handsome gunslinger with piercing green eyes. Right when they were about to kiss, a butterfly landed on the tip of her nose and caused her to come awake with a start. As soon as she realized what had startled her, the colorful creature fluttered off across the glimmering expanse of blue green waters.
With the handsome stranger and the dream still vividly etched in her mind, Bella got to work filling the bucket with water, and wished aloud that the man of her dreams were real, and would one day take her away from the hut and her life there. She’d no sooner spoken these words than a strange feeling came over her, that someone, or something was standing there behind her. Expecting to see a wild animal, Bella carefully set down the heavy bucket of water and whirled around, but was unprepared for what she saw instead. There stood the young man from her dreams, only he was much more handsome than she’d dreamt him to be. His eyes were a pale but vivid green, and his hair a light blond. He appeared to be around the age of eighteen or nineteen, and was staring at her in the same way she stared at him.
Bella was speechless and found that she didn’t know what to say. Never had she felt more awkward than she did now. Forgetting all about how close to the water she stood, Bella took an involuntary step back, and losing her balance, nearly fell in, when he reached out and caught her around the waist, pulling her away from the embankment.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. Are you okay?”
His voice was just as she’d imagined it. In fact everything about him was just as she’d imagined – no, dreamt him to be. Unwilling still to believe what her eyes were showing her, she blinked to be sure, then looked at him again, expecting him to have vanished, but there he still stood.
Finding her voice, she said, “Are – are you real?”
Looking down at himself, he said, “The last time I looked I was.” He regarded her with the same curious expression. “Why – is there something wrong?”
Yes, something’s the matter, you’re not real, you couldn’t be real, she wanted to say but didn’t. “It’s just that you look like someone I’ve seen before –” said Bella, someone from my dreams, although she didn’t express this last part.
“I can assure you we’ve never met. For if we had I’d have remembered such a lovely face.” He reached out and touched a lock of her hair as he said this.
Her breath caught at his nearness, and there was a strange stirring in the pit of her stomach. “Are you sure I’m not dreaming?” Her voice came out a whisper.
“Let’s find out…” He closed the small gap between them, caught her face in both his hands, and drew her into a long, deep kiss, that when it ended left her breathless. Instead of pulling away as she’d intended to, she remained in his arms.
He stared into her eyes, searching them with his own. “Why do I feel as if we’ve kissed before?”
“I don’t know,” she answered honestly, “I don’t understand it myself, but I feel the same way.” Still unable to trust what her eyes were telling her, Bella said, “What brought you here to this place?”
“My horse,” he answered sensibly. “It needed water. So it appears as if we’ve both come for the very same reason,” he said, indicating the bucket of water that sat nearby.
For the first time, Bella became aware of the horse that stood off to the other side of him. The beast was a few feet away, drinking from the pool. Then thinking back to the kiss and blushing, she said, “I’m sorry but I don’t really know what to say – I’ve never –”
“Had something like this happen before?” he supplied.
“Yes, you could say that.”
“I haven’t either. But I do think we’ve been brought together for a reason, and if you don’t mind, I would like to get to know you better.”
“Oh yes, me too –” Not wanting to give the wrong impression by sounding too eager, Bella broke off what she’d been about to say, and tried to ignore the flutter in her stomach, then more demurely said, “I mean, yes, I think that would be quite nice.” As she stared into his eyes, she found her thoughts going back to their kiss, and wondered what it would be like to kiss him again.
They settled down on the embankment and got to know more about each other. As Bella talked about her life in the hut, she was surprised how much at ease she felt with him, a virtual stranger, and ended up divulging more about her joyless life than intended, and much more than she’d ever confided to anyone. He was an attentive and sympathetic listener, and even though they scarcely knew one another, he seemed to genuinely care. He revealed more about his life, and the isolation that went along with traveling many miles on horseback through the wilderness, with not another soul in sight. She felt a measure of surprise to learn that she was the first person he’d come across since beginning his journey.
Bella listened in rapt attention, the sound of his voice like liquid gold, and found her infatuation with him growing. She found herself keenly interested in everything he had to say, and the more he said, the more fascinated she became with this handsome stranger who was more of an enigma than anyone she’d ever known.
A short time later, Bella noticed how low the sun had set, and the blood red that slowly deepened and spread across the sky. “Oh my! I need to be getting back now. Lucinda will wonder where I’m at.”
“Must you leave so soon?” He caught hold of her hand, and gently pulled her to him. “I’ve enjoyed our time together so much. I hate to see it end.”
“If the choice were mine I would never leave, but if I don’t hurry back Lucinda will come looking for me. I’m sorry but I have no other choice but to go now.”
“Wait – when will I see you again?”
“Tomorrow,” said Bella.
Before she could leave, he folded her in his arms, and brought his lips down on hers in an even longer kiss than before. The two young people bade a reluctant goodbye, promising to meet one another there at The Falls the following day.
Bella left the handsome green-eyed stranger, and returned to the hut where Lucinda was waiting impatiently.
“Where have you been, you ungrateful wretch of a girl, and what took so long? Is fetching a bucket of water not a simple enough task for you?”
“I did exactly what you asked me to do.” Bella set down the bucket of water. “It’s just that it’s so pretty there at The Falls with all the wildflowers and the deep blue water. I lost track of time, I guess.”
“You only guess?” Lucinda shot her a look of open disapproval as she chopped up a fish, then threw it in a pot that hung over the open flames of a fire that burned in the hearth. Lucinda smirked at Bella as she picked up the bucket and carried it over to the stove. She placed both hands on her wide hips and exclaimed loudly, “You’re such a silly, simple child, that more often than not, I wonder what goes on in that head of yours, or even if anything goes on in it at all –” Lucinda paused just long enough to eye her sharply, then finished with, “Well? Go on then, girl. Get washed up for supper. You look a right mess.” This last remark was said with an edge of disgust in her voice.
Bella went outside to wash, grateful that the scolding she’d received was short, and glad for any excuse to be away from Lucinda. The fisherman stayed quiet all through supper as he did every night. Rarely did he ever say more than two words when at the table, and only remained seated long enough to finish his meal. He would go then to sit in his usual seat by the fireplace, smoking his pipe until bed. This always meant that Bella was the one who was forced to be the recipient of Lucinda’s frequent bursts of anger. That evening, though, Lucinda remained uncharacteristically quiet, almost as if she were lost in deep thought. Bella had braced herself for the usual recriminations and rants, but instead there was none of those things, just blessed silence.
That night in bed, Bella thought about the handsome stranger and all they talked about. She reminded herself that although she found him attractive, he was still a  stranger whom she barely knew. There were so many unanswered questions, like how had he come up on her, and she not hear the approach of either him or his horse? It was true that she hadn’t been expecting anyone else to be out there, and the grassy meadow could easily hide the sounds of approaching footfalls, whether they be human or animal, she reasoned. Stranger yet, though, was the uncanny likeness he shared with the man in her dream. And then what about the wish she’d spoken aloud while filling the bucket with water? All of it had to be connected somehow – unless of course nothing was connected, and his appearance along with the dream and the wish was nothing more than coincidence.
Although she’d heard whispered rumors in town about The Falls, and how some attributed magical properties to it and the deep pool of water it fed into, magic was something she didn’t believe in, nor did she believe in such things as fairytale endings, maybe for others but not for herself. Still she couldn’t rid herself of the feeling that there was something more going on, something that logic and practicality had nothing to do with. Something unexplained and as mysterious as the handsome gunslinger himself. The feel of his lips against hers and the way he kissed her, not just once but twice, pushed out all other thoughts or unanswered questions she might have.
She woke up the next day as the sun rose and made its presence known by the slash of red that cut across the sky. Bella hurried with getting all her chores done, then, careful not to rouse suspicion, said that she was going to spend the rest of the day out gathering wildflowers.
Humming softly, Bella made her way through the woods toward The Falls. But when she came upon the field of wildflowers he was nowhere in sight, and her heart immediately sank. Perhaps he’d changed his mind and decided not to return, but to continue on with his journey instead. Just as she was about to leave, Bella caught sight of him standing in the near distance. How strange. She was certain that he hadn’t been there a second ago when she first looked, so how was it that he now stood there looking directly at her and waving?
Rejecting these questions, she returned his wave, then ran through the field toward him. She was filled with joy at seeing him and nothing more mattered, all the earlier questions no longer seemed important. Never had she been more delighted to see someone, and when she got close to him, she practically jumped into his arms. Catching her easily in a prolonged embrace, he lifted her off the ground and twirled her in a circle before setting her back down again. By the look in his eyes, she could see that he was as happy to see her as she was to see him. A short pause between them followed as neither said a word, but instead just gazed into one another’s eyes. They both began to speak at the same time.
Laughing, Bella said, “You go first.”
Giving her a studied look, he said, “Forgive me if I’m wrong, but when I first saw you just a moment ago, you looked like – oh, I don’t know. Like perhaps something was wrong, bothering you?”
“Nothing, at least not anymore –” Bella shook her head and turned away from the questions in his eyes. “I thought – well, it’s not important now.”
“What’s not important?” He gently turned her so she was facing him.
“Well, it’s just that I didn’t see you at first, and I thought that maybe you had decided not to return.”
“And not see you again? I could never do that.” There was an intensity behind his eyes that she found unnerving and exciting all at once. “I know this might sound crazy,” he continued, “and I don’t expect you to understand, but from the second we kissed, I had this strange feeling that we’d met before.”
For a moment Bella didn’t know what to say, and felt the beat of her heart quicken at his words. “I – I felt that very same way.”
“You did?”
She nodded.
“Then there’s also something more I think you should know.”
“All right,” said Bella, resting a hand on his arm.“What is it?”
He stared at her long and hard, as if trying to decide what he should or shouldn’t tell her, and then said, “Yesterday when we met you told me so much about yourself, and your life here that I feel almost like I know you already, but when you asked about me –”
“Yes,” encouraged Bella.
“Well, you see the things I told you about myself were things I just somehow knew. But I don’t know how I knew them. There’s blank spots, stuff I can’t remember. I have virtually no memory of anyone or anything in my life except you. It’s as if life didn’t exist for me until I met you. Please don’t be frightened when I tell you this, but when I try to think back to other places or times, your beautiful face is all I see.” He looked away, as if he were ashamed.
“I’m not frightened.” Bella reached out and pressed her hand to his face. “I’ll help you remember anything you want to remember.”
He surprised her by saying, “Well, maybe you should be frightened. What if I’m on the run from the law – what if I’m a killer? Are you still going to stay by my side then?” He roughly grabbed hold of her and pulled her to him.
“I don’t believe that you’re capable of harming anyone.”
“That’s not what I asked. I asked if you would leave me. Can you promise me that you won’t?”
“I won’t – I promise I won’t.”
“You really mean that? You won’t leave me and be frightened away?” He searched her eyes with his as if  trying to decide whether she was lying or not.
“I would never think of leaving you,” said Bella, meaning it.
Crushing her to him, he said, “Good, because I don’t think I could bear losing you.” Bella rested her head against his chest, liking the hardness of his body and the feel of his arms around her. After sharing more confidences with each other, they spent the day together, each enjoying the closeness and intimacy of this newfound and unexpected  romance. When the time came for Bella to leave, they shared one last kiss, promising to meet  there again the next day, before she hurriedly made her way back through the woods and to the hut.
When Bella walked in through the door she expected to be questioned by Lucinda, but instead was surprised to find her in an unusual pleasant mood. Instead of the usual verbal attacks she so often endured, Bella was met with silence. Lucinda hummed softly to herself while finishing up cooking that night’s supper. The rest of the evening went by quickly. And just as the day before, Bella finished with her chores early, and after making up the usual excuse to Lucinda, walked through the woods and into the meadow where she knew the handsome stranger would be waiting.
The weeks that followed passed quickly. Bella and her handsome stranger grew more in love with each passing day. Although he hadn’t yet regained any memories of his former life, the two of them became closer, until one day he surprised her with a proposal of marriage. Presenting her with a bouquet of wildflowers he’d picked from the meadow, he began, “In the time since I’ve gotten to know you, I’ve also come to love you. No longer can I bear us being apart. Nor can I bear to watch you leave, day after day, knowing the way Lucinda treats you.”
“Yes, well, for some reason she hasn’t been all that bad. It’s really strange, but she’s actually being nicer than she ever has before.”
“Bella,” he intoned, then taking the bouquet of flowers she held in her hands and setting them on the ground, he took both her hands in his and said, “What I’m trying to say is that I want to make you my wife. I want to be with you from now into eternity.”
“I’d love nothing more, but I know Lucinda and she’d never give her consent.”
“Then we mustn’t let her know. Pack only what you need, and meet me here tomorrow in this same place by The Falls.”
“Yes, let’s run away together. We’ll go some place different, somewhere far from here where nobody knows either of us.”
“I’ll take you anywhere you want – around the world if that’s what you desire.” He wrapped her in his arms.
“We’ll see everything there is to see. It’ll be magnificent, like one of those romances they sell in stores,” said Bella in growing excitement.
Placing a finger beneath her chin, he tilted her face so their eyes could meet, and said, “It’ll be so much more than you could ever begin to imagine. I’ll build you the most beautiful home you could ever wish for, a place to raise our future children. You’ll have everything you could ever desire. You’ll want for nothing.”
“A lifetime spent together is all I’ll ever need to be happy,” said Bella.
The young lovers continued to make their future plans, neither of them ever suspecting the tragedy that was about to befall them, or that this day would be the last time they saw one another, and when they kissed goodbye it would be forever.
That night, back at the hut, Bella quietly gathered what meager belongings she had, then went to bed. But she was unable to sleep and instead found herself tossing and turning, before finally crawling out from under the covers and crossing over to the window, where she sat and watched the midnight sky change to a deep violet that gradually turned to blue, as slashes of red slowly made themselves visible with the rising sun. Towering mountains jutted up to meet the riot of color the morning sky had become.
Soon she and her lover would be free to live their lives as they wanted. All through the night, she’d mentally prepared and planned for her escape from her life there in the hut with Lucinda and the fisherman. So as not to draw any suspicion from Lucinda, she planned to hurry and get all her chores done early as she always did, then she’d take the small bag of belongings she’d packed and go down to The Falls where she and her betrothed would meet, then run away together to start a whole new life elsewhere, far from Rogue, Montana.
Perhaps they would travel down to the Washington coast or maybe even to California, somewhere by the ocean where, she heard it said, the water met the sky. Even though she’d gotten very little sleep, Bella was wide awake. All she could think of was her and her betrothed’s new life together, and the very near future that awaited them. Inside she was bursting with excitement as she finished up with the last of her chores, then made the usual excuses to Lucinda about where she was going.
With a bounce in her step and a song on her lips, she set off along the heavily forested path. When Bella got close enough to see the sparkling expanse of water through the trees, she hurried the rest of the way and ran out into the field of wildflowers. Her heart beat a fast, furious tempo that matched the excitement she felt inside. She couldn’t recall a time when she’d ever felt happier or more alive than she did right then. Finally she and her lover would be free to be together.
But when she made it down to the middle of the wide meadow, he was nowhere in sight, and she found herself alone in a field of wildflowers. Bella searched the area with her eyes, and wondered why he wasn’t there, and what could possibly have happened to explain his absence. Deciding that he was probably just late in coming, she took off her shoes, settled down by the water’s edge and let her feet dangle in the bubbling water, churned up by the continuous rush of water that crashed in from The Falls.
The early afternoon slowly turned to late afternoon then twilight, and still he hadn’t returned as promised. Where was he? Why wasn’t he there? He’s gone, that’s why. He never truly loved you, and now here you are playing the love-struck fool, waiting for a suitor who will never return.
With a heavy heart she made her way back to the hut, all the while wondering what could have happened, but somewhere in the back of her mind she already knew. Though not yet wanting to accept it, she continued to hope, and for the next few weeks, continued to revisit that same spot by the water where they first met, and tried to ignore the accusing voice in her head, the one that told her he wasn’t ever coming back, and that he’d never really loved her, that he’d had his fun and by now was probably hundreds of miles away from her and Rogue.
Day after day she continued to go back to that same place. Bella found solace in a way she couldn’t explain or understand, when she’d sit at the edge of The Falls amidst a field of wildflowers. If Lucinda suspected anything was wrong, she never showed it, and continued to be in unusually high spirits. Despite this, however, Bella still remained cautious around her. On this particular afternoon, after finishing with her chores, she left for The Falls the way she did every day. Only this time, right after taking off her shoes and settling down on the grassy embankment, she became aware of the faint sound of approaching footfalls from somewhere behind her.
Thinking that her handsome cowboy had come back for her, Bella quickly got to her feet and whirled around, but she couldn’t have been more wrong. Her face lost all color when she saw who it was and instinctively she took a step back. “Lucinda,” gasped Bella in a frightened whisper.
“Surprised to see me, I see.” Lucinda regarded her coolly and began circling her. “Although I wish I could say the same thing about you – but I can’t.”
“How – how did you know where to find me? I never realized you were here,” said Bella, in genuine surprise.
“No, I imagine not. Just like all the other times I followed you here to this place, and you didn’t notice.”
“Followed?” Bella felt dread rise up from the pit of her stomach.
“Yes, that’s right. Followed.” A deep-seated hatred burned behind Lucinda’s icy blue stare. “Don’t think that I don’t know what you’ve been up to.” She spoke through clenched teeth.
“I – I don’t know what you’re talking about,” stammered Bella.
“Liar!” Lucinda reached out and struck her across the side of the face with the back of her hand, causing Bella to fall to the ground. “You filthy little liar.” Lucinda was screaming now as she hovered over Bella, who was huddled in a ball, whimpering. “Wicked! Wicked girl! You’re a whore just like your mother was!” Taking hold of her and yanking her to her feet, Lucinda continued with the rant, “And all this time you thought you were so clever – well, you weren’t!”
Holding the side of her face where she’d been hit, Bella tried to speak through her tears. “You’ve been watching me all this time – why?”
“Because I knew from the day you were born that the daughter of a harlot couldn’t be trusted, but I wanted to make sure of it and see it for myself. And see I did – every last bit of it.”
Her stomach twisted at Lucinda’s words, and for a moment Bella thought she might be sick. Clutching her stomach, she lowered herself carefully to the ground. The meadow with its colorful wildflowers and roaring waterfall that had always worked to calm her, now did nothing to quell what she felt. Barely able to get out the words, she said, “You – you were watching me with him?”
Lucinda’s eyes lit up and were gleaming with what appeared to be insanity. “I followed you every day, each time you came here. I knew that when you said you wanted to roam the forest in search of wildflowers that you were lying. An evil child could never be capable of doing something so innocent, not without malevolent, immoral intent.”
Bella covered her ears and screamed, “I can’t bear to listen to this anymore!”
“You’ll listen to every last word of it,” snarled Lucinda as she tore Bella’s hands away from her ears.
Getting to her feet, Bella shook her head and took one step and then another step backward. “I don’t want to hear this.”
Lucinda moved toward her, eyes wide and feverish. “I heard and saw everything – you gave yourself over to that boy time and time again and behaved like the common whore that you are. You repulse and disgust me.”
“Go away, just go away!” Shaking and trembling uncontrollably now, Bella stifled a scream and took off running toward the woods, hoping to flee from it all, but before she could make it very far, Lucinda reached out and caught her by the hair, twisting it painfully, causing Bella to cry out as she was yanked back.
Clenching her teeth, Lucinda growled, “What did you just say to me?”
“I said for you to go away! Just go away and leave me alone –” Bella broke off into a shriek as Lucinda gave her hair another painful yank then hissed, “That’s no way to speak to the woman who raised, feeds, and clothes you. You’re nothing but a little ingrate.”
Lucinda dragged her by the hair back through the woods. Once they got to the hut, she refused to allow Bella to come inside, and instead forced her into the cellar, shoving her down into the cold, pitch blackness.
Reaching out from the darkness, pleading, Bella cried, “Don’t leave me here. I promise I’ll be better, I won’t ever lie about anything again. Just please don’t leave me here!”
Lucinda stared down at her from the ground above. She was backlit by the red glow of the setting sun, a vicious snarl etched into her features that had become a grotesque mask of fury. “I remember your mother said something similar – right before she died. Bled out after having birthed you and your brat of a sister.”
Bella instinctively fell back, inching further into the darkness, too shocked by what Lucinda said to speak.
“I’ve seen your handsome cowboy in town. Bet that’s something you didn’t know or expect to hear.” Lucinda’s lips curled up into a wicked grin. “And to think that all this time you’ve been pining away for him in the meadow like a little fool. If you’d wanted to see him all you would have needed to do was simply go into town. I can tell by your silence that you’re surprised by that, but it’s true – he’s been right here in town this whole time courting a local girl. A girl of breeding and beauty. I can see why he’s so smitten with her, she really is quite lovely. Oh, you can’t become angry with him or hold anything of what happened against him. You, after all, were a willing participant. Certainly more than willing to play the part of a whore.” Lucinda paused as if hoping for a reaction, and when she got none, continued on matter-of-factly, “Men do that, you know. They satisfy themselves by using whores, and save the romance for the special lady in their life.”
“I don’t believe you,” said Bella.
“Don’t believe me?” Lucinda feigned surprise, then kneeled down, her icy blue gaze searching out Bella through the darkness. “Where is he then?”
“I – I don’t know. But I know he wouldn’t just leave me! Not after everything he said.”
“Everything he said?” Lucinda broke into raucous laughter. “You mean everything he lied about. He didn’t mean a word of what he said to you, in fact I’m quite sure he said the very same thing to every other whore throughout the Pacific Northwest. He only said those things to you to get what he wanted. And now that he’s used you like a dirty rag, he’s moved on with a much prettier girl – a girl that just the other day he married. Had you been in town, and not hidden out here in the woods like a ninny then you also would have known.”
Bella didn’t want to believe what Lucinda was saying, but in her heart knew it was the truth – a truth that deep down she always suspected, but until then had always fought against, and been unwilling to admit. A sinking feeling filled the pit of her stomach. “If you knew, then why wouldn’t you have told me sooner?”
“Because I wanted you to see first for yourself that he tired of you, and no longer was interested. Just look at how many times you’ve come to the meadow to wait by The Falls, and he’s never there to meet you.”
Unable to deny it, Bella sank to the cold, hard floor of dirt, overcome with despair. Lucinda’s words echoed down into her dark prison.
“You were a fool to believe that anyone so handsome could love a girl as ill bred and uncomely as you. You’re nothing – nothing but a little liar, that is. Something that both God and I despise.”
Bella moved further back into the darkness, grateful for the cover it provided. Tears blinded her to much of Lucinda’s face, but even without being able to see her features clearly, Bella could hear the smile in her voice when she said, “And you know something? I’m glad that he left you and no longer wanted you.”
Bella had to clap a hand over her mouth in order to stifle the tortured sobs, and the hysteria that had worked its way up  into her throat. She curled up into a ball at the far back of the cellar, and sobbed brokenheartedly the moment the cellar door shut.
That night, in her dark prison, Bella wrapped herself with the blankets left by Lucinda. Shivering against the cold, she fell into a fitful sleep, and for the first time since his disappearance she dreamt of her lover.
There she was surrounded by a field of endless wildflowers. The long skirt of her dress whipped around her ankles, billowing out wildly with the increasing wind. Up ahead in the near distance stood her lover. His back was turned, making it impossible to see his face. He wore a large cowboy hat, and his head was turned down as if he were staring at something near his feet on the ground. He appeared to be in deep thought and unaware of her presence. Deciding to sneak up and surprise him, Bella made her way through the field of wildflowers and moved steadily toward him. As she closed the last bit of distance that separated them, she felt a rush of excitement when she reached out, touched his shoulder and heard herself say,
“You’ve come back…”
But instead of the happy reunion she’d anticipated, when he turned around the rest of what she’d planned on saying died in her throat, and came out in a scream. Electric pale green eyes stared back at her from the inky blackness of a featureless face, save for those unnatural eyes that glowed eerily from the unfathomable darkness that shrouded out any other distinguishing features. Everything about this creature frightened and horrified her.
Lightning streaked across the sky chased by rolling thunder. What sounded like hundreds of stampeding horses coming from all directions closed in on her, and blocked out all other noises of the storm. It was so loud that it hurt her ears. She tried to close out some of the sound by holding her hands over her ears, and in the next instant a black tornado  whirling furiously from the clear blue expanse of sky bore down on her. Forgetting all about the phantom cowboy and his shocking visage, she took off in the opposite direction and ran until her lungs felt as if they were about to burst, but she was no match for the giant wind funnel that whirled down over the meadow, and before she even had a chance to brace herself, she was knocked off her feet and slammed to the ground. The earth was hard and cold beneath her. Instant pain registered throughout her body, but she scarcely noticed, with the deafening roar that sounded eerily like a freight train barreling down on her, as the black funnel touched down and swept across the meadow just long enough to take the phantom cowboy with it. Seconds later the terrible roar faded off into the distance.
Bella rose unsteadily to her feet, still unsure of everything that had just happened, but when she looked upward she glimpsed a herd of red-eyed horses thundering through the sky, and in the lead, riding a horse that snorted fire from its nostrils, was the ghost rider. For the briefest second, almost as if he could sense her there watching him from down below, his uncanny stare locked on hers and then he and his herd were gone, seemingly swallowed up by the endless sky of blue.
Everything around her looked just as it had before the appearance of the unnatural apparition and the windstorm. Bella was sure that the ghost rider had created the storm by his presence. She spun a slow circle, taking in her once tranquil surroundings, but despite the beauty of the day, a chill had seeped down deep into her soul and wound itself around her. The memory of those piercing green eyes glowing out from unfathomable deep shadow, wouldn’t leave her. A terrible realization came to her, and she knew exactly what the ghost rider signified, with his glowing eyes and featureless visage. With certain clarity she knew that the eyes she’d looked into were death – death had come for her, was stalking her and would one day soon claim her. Overcome with terror, Bella gave a scream that shattered the silence and echoed off the hills that encircled the large meadow.
Panic had taken hold of her, and once she started screaming she couldn’t stop, the fear inside her just kept mounting until she shot awake. Shivering uncontrollably and covered in ice-cold sweat, Bella drew the covers closer, pulling them up around herself. Inky blackness surrounded her, and it was then that she remembered where she was. The smell of earth hung heavy in the cellar where Lucinda had left her.
For the next two days, Bella remained locked in her cold, dark prison. Lucinda brought food and water to her daily, then let her out at the end of two days. No more was spoken about it, and life for Bella returned to what it had been before having ever met the handsome stranger. Her one and only comfort and joy were those times during the week, when she was allowed to slip away and meet her sister Suzanna at The Falls, where the two of them would sit on the grassy banks by the water, and exchange confidences about all that had gone on in their lives. Bella was cautious not to let her sister know the truth about how hard life was for her back at the hut. She didn’t want to burden Suzanna, who lived such a charmed life, with the difficulties of her own. There was a deep sense of guilt and embarrassment she carried with her. For Bella was certain it was something she’d done to incur Lucinda’s constant wrath. If only she’d been a better child then perhaps she would have been worthy of being loved.
CHAPTER FIVE
Careful not to make any noise that might disturb her husband from his sleep, Lucinda stole out of the hut and into the chilly night. The forest was dark and silent, the air  redolent with the scent of pine trees and wildflowers.
A surge of adrenaline went through her, and her heart beat a tempo that was so fast she thought it might burst free from her chest.
She passed through pine trees and hemlocks, and moved quickly, heedless of any potential danger. Her breath came in small staccato gasps, she was running now, running through the open meadow of wildflowers, toward the large body of water that rippled beneath the pale light that glowed down from the moon.
This was it.
This was her chance to make a wish for a change, instead of her fool of a husband who forever got it wrong until he’d ruined it for them both. A simple man who could never do anything right. It brought to mind the old adage, that if you want something done right you have to do it yourself. It was time she took control of her own life and tonight was just the start of a whole new beginning for her. After tonight, when she returned home, not only would the hut be gone but so would her runt of a husband, and in their place would be a sprawling castle and the man of her dreams.
Ever since she’d realized what Bella had done, she couldn’t contain the joy that threatened to burst out of her, but also couldn’t help but feel a stab of anger with herself as well. She’d foolishly allowed so much time to pass, but when she caught that dimwitted girl sneaking around, getting involved in things by making a wish she’d no right to make, it gave Lucinda the courage to do what needed to be done. After all, if she were denied happiness by having her wishes taken away, then her brat of a daughter deserved no less. Spurred on by her own jealousy and hate Lucinda had done something she’d never had the courage to do before. And it happened – the wish she’d made was granted. Ever since, she’d been planning for this night and now here it was.
Exhausted from running, Lucinda fell down at the water’s edge, a giddiness that bordered on hysteria came over her. With this wish she’d change her life, a life that until now she’d always despised, but after tonight she promised herself things would be different. She would finally know true love and happiness. For once she would get her storybook ending. For so many years she’d strived for happiness, even going so far as to steal a baby that had grown into a child that had long since become a burden – a burden that she no longer wanted.
It was then that she decided she’d wish Bella away too. Motherhood, she realized, wasn’t for her, after all. Something that she hadn’t fully understood until it was too late. If she were to do things over again she’d have left both brats there with their whore mother. Looking back she could see clearly how her own fixation on her body’s inability to conceive, followed by the long ago miscarriage, had caused her to think a baby was something she needed, but now she had come to realize that not only didn’t she need a child, she didn’t even want one.
But none of it mattered anymore, because after tonight all her wrongs would be righted.
Lucinda gazed out at the large, rippling body of water and hissed out her wish into the silent night, then waited, but nothing happened. The water that under the light of the moon shone a deep cerulean blue, remained tranquil.
Hadn’t her husband said that the waters here were magical? And hadn’t she also seen proof of that with her own eyes not just once, but recently as well? So why then was nothing happening?
A great fury overtook her, followed by steely determination. The rush from the falls, and the steady tempo of water crashing into the calm pool, were the only sounds and they blended in with the quiet and serene setting. But Lucinda wasn’t aware of the beauty or natural splendor that surrounded her, all that mattered to her was getting her wish – a wish that she’d gladly sell her soul to get. Nothing, she vowed, would stop her from getting exactly what she deserved in this life and the next. This was her chance to have everything she’d ever wanted, and nothing and no one would stop her from getting it.
Her fingers curled to form impatient fists at her sides as she scanned the dark forest and the wide open meadow, searching for the rowboat she knew her husband habitually kept in the area for when he went out fishing. Countless times before she’d scolded him for his naivete, saying that someday someone would steal it, but he never listened, and for once she was grateful for his foolishness. It wasn’t long before she spotted it. There, resting against a lone hemlock, not much more than a few feet from the water’s edge, sat the rowboat.
Chuckling to herself, Lucinda crossed over and roughly grabbed hold of it with both hands, then pulled the boat down the slight embankment and into the lake. No longer did she believe her husband’s tale about a monstrous snake living beneath the lake. It was just his way of trying to ensure that she never ventured out on her own.
She’d always struggled with her innate fear of water and generally avoided it at all costs, but not tonight – tonight would be different, for by the time morning came she’d be a goddess. Gone would be the fisherman, and she’d be living in a castle with the man of her dreams. But first, to ensure that all she desired was granted, she’d row her way out into the very middle of the lake, and then if it became necessary, she’d shout her wish out into the still waters. She’d shout until her voice could no longer be ignored by the magic that lay hidden beneath the calm surface. And once her command was heard, she’d rise to unimaginable glory.
With these grand plans in mind, Lucinda was about to step down into the boat, when a mighty wave rose up from the surface and pulled the rowboat from her grasp. The wave that had come and swept it away from her had been so powerful that it had knocked her back onto the grassy meadow. Reeling from what had just happened, Lucinda rose unsteadily to her feet, and strained forward, desperate now to grab onto the boat and bring it back toward her before another wave could come and take it away.
She gave a little cry of frustration when no matter how hard she tried, no matter how hard she strained toward the boat, it still remained just a hairsbreadth out of reach. She was about to grab for it again, when the currents came and carried the boat away at such a speed, that it was almost as if invisible hands had come up from the water to whisk it away. Lucinda watched helplessly as the boat went further and further away, and was pulled out into deeper waters, until it appeared as a tiny dot in the blue expanse, then disappeared altogether into shadowy blackness.
Seething with fury, she glowered at the water and paced the grassy bank, when movement in the distance caught her eye. She thought at first that shadows and light were playing tricks on her eyes, but then out of the darkness appeared the boat. It seemed too much to hope for, yet there it was coming right for her, propelled forward by some unseen force. Her heart beat faster at the sight.
Perhaps it was nothing more than her own good luck and strong undercurrents. There it was coming toward her, closer and closer it came. It was then that she realized something was wrong. The boat was moving through the water and toward her with a purpose, and was moving much too fast to be caused by the current.
An unexpected prickle of fear shot up her spine. Momentarily she even considered running away, returning to the hut, and forgetting the whole thing, but her greed wouldn’t permit her to leave, so instead she remained planted firmly in place, her eyes riveted on the fast approaching boat. She was transfixed by what she was seeing.
The boat came to rest at the water’s edge, a silent invitation for her to step down into it. After a second’s hesitation, Lucinda gingerly stepped in and lowered herself down into the hull. No sooner had she done this, than the boat took off through the water and away from the meadow. Wind swept across the surface of the water, causing her to shiver and instinctively cradle her arms around herself. As the boat took her further and further out into deeper waters, the fear she’d tried so hard to ignore only worsened. Everything was so silent, even the waters seemed unnaturally still. Something was about to happen, she could feel it in her bones, and in the air all around her.
Lucinda’s gaze traveled along the endless expanse of deep blue, that in some places was so blue it appeared almost black. This unseen force that propelled the boat out into deeper and deeper waters unsettled her. She had to fight against the sudden panic that gripped her, and ignored the small voice inside her head that urged her to jump out now while there was still time, but when she thought about it, it was too late. Her gaze searched frantically for the reassuring sight of the meadow, but instead all she could see was an endless expanse of dark blue water. Until now, she hadn’t realized just how large the lake she’d lived by for most of her life, really was.
The once still waters quickly changed from calm to turbulent. Lucinda worked to steady herself by gripping hold of the rowboat’s edges. Not liking the unstable rocking motion caused by the rise and fall of waves, she started to worry that this flimsy boat might capsize, and then what? And then she would surely drown. She felt like a mere dot in a giant expanse of shadowy blue, that might at any moment swallow her up. Lucinda was fast becoming disoriented, and in an attempt to regain her bearings looked off to all sides, but no matter in which direction she turned, all she saw was water and shadows. She was at the mercy of the water and whatever unseen force possessed it. Unsure of what to do or what would happen next, she watched helplessly as the boat steadily entered into the area of water that was shuttered in deep shadow.
In seconds she was plunged in pitch black. Lucinda was still aware of the continuous rocking motion of the boat, but could see nothing. Unsure of what was happening, she remained rigid and still as the boat continued its descent through the uncanny dark.
Although she couldn’t see anything, she got the strange feeling that she wasn’t alone. Telling herself she was allowing her imagination to run away with her, Lucinda rubbed her hands up and down her arms to try and dispel the gooseflesh that had risen up on them. She couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t right, that things weren’t going the way she’d planned them to go.
The air became cooler, the deeper the boat traveled into the darkness. A gust of icy wind whipped past her. After a few tense moments longer, the pitch black gave way to muted shadowy light, and she was once more able to see the deep waters on all sides of her, and a prickle of fear ran up her spine. There it was again, that feeling she was being watched. But how? There wasn’t anyone else other than her and these strange waters.
The rest of the boat emerged from the inky blackness only to reveal a shadow that gradually took on the form of a man, seated there in the boat directly across from her.
Seized by panic, Lucinda was suddenly desperate to escape, but remembering the wish she’d made earlier while still on the grassy bank of the meadow, her initial panic gave way to giddy excitement at the realization that her wish had been granted. Even though she couldn’t yet make out his features, she was sure that’s what was going on.
This was the man of her –
Before she could finish that thought, the stranger who until then had sat mute, broke the silence and hissed, “I’ve come from your dreams…”
The words hissed and swirled in the air all around her. It wasn’t what he said exactly, but rather how it was said. He sounded more serpentine than human. Lucinda harbored an aversion for the winding, slithery creatures. Everything about snakes she found repulsive, in her mind they were vile animals better left unseen. And then the eyes that up until then had remained hidden by the darkness along with the rest of his features, gradually began to glow. At first it was just a flicker but then intensified until they burned back at her from the darkness. Lucinda found herself staring into impossibly large reptilian eyes. The elongated black pupils stood out against the irises that shifted to many different shades of green.
The realization then came to her that this was the man of her dreams, but not from the kind she had in mind. This was the man of her nightmares –
She watched in a state of frozen horror as the silhouette of what she’d thought to be a man, formed slowly into that of a snake. Its large, rope-like body grew ever taller, coiling around itself, until it loomed like a monstrous giant that towered over her, its silhouette backdropped by the moonlight.
Struck with pure terror, Lucinda momentarily forgot all about her inability to swim, and jumped out of the rowboat and into the deep water. A scream died in her throat just as she disappeared beneath the water. Her lungs felt as if they might burst at any moment as she struggled uselessly to break the surface, but unseen hands reached out and took hold of her, dragging her deeper and deeper down into the dark blue chasm.
Much to her further horror, she realized it was the water itself that had come alive, and was now intent on drowning her. Then just as she thought she might die, the invisible hands that had held her fast released their death hold and she found herself free to swim in any direction she chose, only she no longer knew in which direction to go.
Brilliant blue water and bubbles surrounded her. Above and below, even sideways, it all looked the same.  Dark shapes swam past her. These giants of the deep appeared like monsters to her, with their shimmering, large, scaly bodies and glow-in-the-dark eyes of all colors.
Desperate to find her way out of this strange and unfamiliar world, Lucinda frantically swam for what seemed like hours. With each stroke, the fear of what underwater creature she might inadvertently come across next, became more real. Or even worse would be the very real possibility of coming across the horror that had been in the boat with her, making it that much more urgent to find her way back up to the surface. What if she broke the surface only to find herself lost in this vast sea of blue, with no sight of dry land? After swimming for a while longer, she decided that it didn’t matter, she’d deal with it when the time came. Right now her only concern was getting her head above water.
Paying careful attention to the degree of darkness versus light, she began to swim in the direction of the water that grew lighter. It wasn’t long before she’d made it to the surface. Relief surged through Lucinda as she burst upward creating a tremendous tidal wave in her wake. This time there were no invisible hands to drag her under.
She must have been lost beneath the water for much longer than she’d first thought, because the sun was already high up in the pale blue sky above, and the warmth from the rays felt like a welcome caress as it shone down on the ripple of waves caused by her abrupt rise from the depths.
There, only a few feet in front of her was the grassy slope that gave way to a vast field of wildflowers. Unable to contain her newfound joy, Lucinda moved toward it with a speed and grace she’d never before possessed in the water. Not only that, but she was swimming.
She was actually swimming.
And had been for untold hours now. Was it really possible to learn how to swim, and to swim well in a matter of mere hours? No, not even mere hours, but the very second she’d leaped into the water she’d been swimming. As she rushed toward land, she burst into laughter that resonated all around her like the sound of falling rain.
Just a second more and she’d be there. But when she reached out to take hold of the solid earth, her fingers went right through it, and when she tried to get to her feet and step out of the lake, all she managed to do was fall further back into the water, creating another giant wave that rose up to drench the bank.
Lucinda’s panic returned as she clawed uselessly at the grassy earth, and to her astonishment she saw that the part of the ground she’d been grabbing at was quickly becoming waterlogged, and the once solid earth was turning to mud. Her earlier wish came back to her, the wish to be a goddess. Ever since she’d been dragged beneath the surface, she had yet to see her arms, hands, or any other part of her. She’d been so intent on getting back to land that she hadn’t thought things out, or taken the time to notice until now. Lucinda then realized that for the duration of being trapped beneath the water, instead of drowning as she should have done, she’d continued to live and breathe. And then there was her seemingly miraculous ability to swim with unnatural speed and agility, almost as if she were one with the water itself. All of it came together in a horrible, twisted kind of way.
For the first time, she looked, really looked at her arms, chest, legs, and hands, and what she saw was water – she was the water. Screaming, Lucinda rose up into a huge wave that in turn created rough choppy waves, until the once calm waters were stirred up into a tumultuous churning storm. The blue water changed to dark green. Her screams came out as eerie shrieks amidst the rollicking, swirling waves.
CHAPTER SIX
Days later, what was left of the rowboat washed up and was discovered by the fisherman himself who, suspecting the worst, returned home where he explained Lucinda’s disappearance to Bella. Days went by, then days turned to weeks and Lucinda still hadn’t returned. The fisherman was forced to accept that she never would, and soon after sent Bella away, saying that he knew nothing about raising a girl of sixteen and without Lucinda there, he just couldn’t care for her on his own.
And so it was that Bella left that very night with nothing more than the ragged dress she had on. Lost and alone with no one to care for her, Bella wandered through the woods, and before long she found herself at the front door of the house that was built to resemble a shoe, the house where her sister lived. Bella reached out and was about to knock, but then pulled back at the sound of laughter coming from inside. Going around to the side of the house, she stole a glance through the large-paned window, and felt a stab of longing.
The cozy scene inside was so idyllic that it momentarily took her breath away. A fire glowed brightly from inside the large grate of the hearth, that was decorated gaily with intricate designs etched throughout. Unlike the tiny, dark and dreary hut Bella had spent her childhood in, the house her sister Suzanna lived in was bright and cheerful with high whitewashed walls, and a spacious room that seemed to come alive with love and laughter. There off to one side of the fireplace sat Suzanna. She was seated in a cushioned rocking chair embroidered with floral designs, giggling with the woman who had raised her as her own. The kindly older woman sat in the identical chair on the other side of the fireplace. They each held a cup of something warm in their hands, and the scent of hot chocolate wafted through the air. It was only then that Bella realized what a mistake it had been for her to come there. The memory of years earlier when Lucinda had taken her to see the home in which her sister lived, returned to her. Lucinda had been right when she’d said that she, Bella, would never fit in or be fully embraced in a place like this, a place where her sister had already soaked up all the love. Even if they allowed her to stay, she’d never truly be a part of this life that was her sister’s.
Moving quickly away from the window before she could be seen, Bella sucked in a sharp breath; tears stung and burned at her eyes, clouding her vision. Disappearing into the forest, Bella ran blindly through the woods, no longer caring where she went. There was no place she could call home, no place that she belonged. She was alone, truly alone in the world.
Tired and hungry, Bella made it to the nearby town of Rogue, where she collapsed, and dreamt that she was part of the idyllic scene she’d witnessed through the window of her sister’s house. Both the adoptive mother and Suzanna welcomed her inside to sit by the roaring fire. She was so cold, the warmth felt wonderful and quickly helped to take the chill off. The kindly older woman treated her as if she were her own, and Bella gratefully accepted the steaming cup of cocoa offered to her. She was about to take a sip, when her sister reached out and pressed a hand to her forehead, and said, “She’s still so cold, but I think her fever has finally broken.”
Before she had time to understand what her sister had meant, Bella came awake to the unfamiliar faces of two women staring down at her. The oldest of the two, with eyes the color of ice, whispered something to the younger woman, who flashed Bella a kindly smile, then quickly left the room.
To the woman with the pale eyes, Bella said, “Where am I?”
When she tried to sit up, the woman had her lie back down, saying that she still needed plenty of rest. She went on to explain that she’d been discovered outside lying on the ground  nearly frozen to death. The woman then pulled the covers up around her, and said, “You’re fortunate that my girls were the ones who found you. It’s not safe out there for a pretty young thing like yourself.” She introduced herself as Elvira and flashed a smile that lacked warmth and didn’t quite meet her eyes. She explained that she was like the mother to all the girls who lived and worked there, saying that they were all one big family, a family who looked after and cared for one another.
Despite the woman’s coldness, Bella liked the idea of being part of a family, and couldn’t help but feel gratitude for everything they’d already done for her.
Rising stiffly from the hard-backed chair that was positioned next to the bed, Elvira crossed over to the door, then turned back to look at Bella and said, “One of the girls will be in here shortly with a hot meal. Meantime, just rest.”
She disappeared out into the hall, leaving Bella alone. The mention of food was a reminder of how long it had been since she’d last eaten, and her stomach stirred at the thought.
As the days and weeks went by, Bella gradually got to know the women who had befriended and cared for her. She also learned how they made their money, and what would be expected of her if she were to stay and be part of their family. The decision to stay was easy. To do anything different would seem ungrateful to the women who had done so much for her, and besides, Bella had nowhere else to go, and for the first time in her life felt as if she finally belonged.
She was taught the art of seduction, and how to paint her face, and line her eyes that were the color of amber in order to accentuate her beauty. Bella discovered the power her beauty held over men, and found the amount of money that could be earned in one night intoxicating. It wasn’t until later that Bella would think about the irony of it. She was back in the very place in which she was born, The House of the Rising Sun. Bella had finally come home…
CHAPTER SEVEN
The midnight sky shone brightly down onto the forest floor below. All were sound asleep in their tepees, blissfully unaware of the dark shadow that silently descended upon them. The large predator snaked its way through camp, and moved like liquid. Its thick coat of fur was blacker than night, and appeared more like a shadow than a solid physical form. Large, glowing eyes, one red and the other a pale blue, narrowed as it moved with purpose, surprising ease, and agility toward the large, ornate tepee that sat in the camp’s center.
Hiawatha came awake from a deep sleep. His heart hammered wildly against his ribcage. An electrical current of fear and danger permeated the night, mixed with the sense of something evil, something nearby – he cautiously reached for the spear that lay off to the side.
Crouching low to the ground, the shadow beast through narrowed eyes glanced off to either side, then trained its glowing stare on the large tepee in the center. Inside were Hiawatha’s parents, fast asleep and unaware of the danger that had befallen them.
Trained from an early age to be a great hunter, Hiawatha had a keen awareness of his surroundings, and the uncanny ability to know when a predator was close. Grabbing his spear, he slipped out of his tepee, and glimpsed a large, inky black shadow in the form of a wolf. Disbelieving his own eyes, and thinking the light and shadows to be deceiving him, he looked away and then returned his gaze to the same spot in time to see the strange apparition turn its head and look directly at him. He was startled to see the animal’s eyes, one red and the other a pale blue. Its stare locked with his own and glittered menacingly, then turned away from him, its focus on the tepee once more.
That was when Hiawatha realized with chilling certainty the animal’s intent, but fear and shock from what he was seeing rendered him mute and frozen in place. That moment’s hesitation was all it took. The shadow wolf leaped silently through the air and into the open tepee. Almost instantaneously the forest came alive with howling, awakening the rest of the tribe. People poured out of their tepees, men had their weapons in hand, their eyes searching through the darkness.
No longer paralyzed by shock and fear, Hiawatha ran toward the open tepee ready to kill the unearthly creature. He rushed in but was unprepared for the grisly scene that awaited him.
His gaze went first to his mother and then to his father. Both were lying in a pool of their own blood, while the unnatural predator stood over them. Red and pale blue eyes of the creature glittered back at him; its inky black form blended into the darkness and was nearly invisible. A low, snarling growl cut through the now eerie silence. Overcome with grief and rage, Hiawatha gave a loud cry and rushed fearlessly toward the beast, with the sharp tip of the spear pointed out, ready to stab it into the monster. The fierce predator leaped toward him, but instead of crashing down on the sharp-tipped spear as he’d anticipated, it jumped over him and then out into the black night. The rest of the tribe sought to attack it, but they were unable to find the bloodthirsty predator. And then off in the distance, just outside of camp, Hiawatha spotted the beast. Its queer stare met his before leaping into the forest and disappearing altogether. For the rest of the night, Hiawatha searched the woods with the other warriors, but they were unable to track it, and ultimately had to return to camp defeated.
In the years to follow, Hiawatha tirelessly continued in his search for the beast that had robbed him of his parents.
One night, during a wedding feast while the rest of the tribe was celebrating, Hiawatha slipped away unnoticed. Wanting to be alone, he made his way down to The Falls, a place that was sacred and believed by his people to hold special powers. While sitting on the grassy bank, he stared out at the sparkling expanse of blue-green water, and it was then that he spoke aloud his wish, to be able to avenge his parents’ death by killing the shadow wolf with the different colored eyes.
Night after night he returned to this spiritual place of tranquility with its majestic waters and crashing falls. It was in this place that he first caught sight of the mysterious girl with the long yellow hair. For the first few nights he kept his presence a secret and remained hidden, watching and studying her from a distance. Each time, her quiet weeping came to him.
Curious about who this yellow-haired girl was, and the cause of her continued grief, he revealed himself to her one night, and stepped out of the shadows and into the shock of moonlight. It was only then that he was able to get a clear look at her face, and was rendered speechless by her beauty.
Getting to her feet, she was about to run away but stopped when he called out, assuring her that he meant her no harm.
Deciding to trust him, she stayed, and the two of them became acquainted. They sat down on the grassy bank, amidst wildflowers where they spent hours talking about their lives. He soon discovered the cause of her grief, when she told him about the disappearance of her mother. He learned that she and her father lived in a nearby cabin in the woods, and that she came there often to stare out at the water and watch the falls. He too confided in her about his loss. They began meeting there nightly to share more about each other and their lives, and in so doing each gained solace from the other. The two of them became fast friends, and as the years passed their friendship blossomed into something much more.
CHAPTER EIGHT
The log cabin sat nestled in a small clearing surrounded by trees. A bubbling brook a short distance away high atop a mountain was part of intricate waterways that connected and followed one another, finally merging to form a large stream only to come plummeting down in a magnificent cascading waterfall, known as The Falls, that fed into an enormous lake.
Light from the fire in the grate, and the lanterns that were lit, cast a flickering glow through the open shutters of the cabin’s windows. Inside, Clementine and her father were just sitting down to supper. Taking a bite of stew, Clementine chewed and swallowed the tender venison, then said, “Papa?”
“Yes?”
Her father, although tired from a long day of work out in the mines, was always available to listen and give out advice, although more often than not he was sure that his daughter disregarded most of what he said. She was at the age where she thought that there was nothing her papa couldn’t tell her that she didn’t already know. But he didn’t mind, his precious child was all he had left, and he doted on his Clementine. With each passing day, she was becoming more of a woman and less of a girl, but no matter how old she got, whenever he looked at her all he saw was a little girl in pigtails, running through the meadow with a bouquet of wildflowers clasped tightly in her hands, excitement in her small face as she thrust the colorful arrangement at him, and said, “Look, Papa! Look at all the pretty flowers, I picked them just for you!”
He would always take the flowers and pretend to be surprised, then he would scoop her up in his arms, and the two of them would return to the cabin where Suzanna would be waiting for them, with the succulent aroma of supper cooking. The cabin was always redolent with the scent of spices and apples from the pies Suzanna loved to bake.
These were small joys, and something he always looked forward to after a long day spent working in the mine. During those brief idyllic times, he never imagined how quickly things would change for him and their small daughter or the tragedy that would all too quickly befall their family. It hadn’t been easy for either of them, but through it all they somehow managed, and although each grieved, she for a mother, and he for a wife, life had a way of continuing on, allowing the living no other choice but to move forward with it.
His little daughter was the only thing that saved him from drowning his sorrows in drink. Without Clementine, he had no doubt that he would have drunk himself to an early grave, but he couldn’t do that, not with a child to care for. There was always a sense of amazement that he felt when he looked at his daughter, and how very grown up she’d become in such a short time. This realization came with a touch of sadness as well, when he thought about all the years that had passed since her mother vanished from their lives. It seemed only yesterday that Clementine was a mere baby, and Suzanna was still with them. During those times their family had been whole, and everything so wonderful that it felt as if nothing could touch them, nothing could shatter the life they’d built.
Even now, so many years later, he still sometimes found himself half expecting to see Suzanna standing there in the cabin as she’d always done, ready to greet him when he got home from the mine.
He used to love watching her in the evenings, as she combed out her pale yellow hair each night before bed, but it was her eyes that had first captured his notice and what he loved most of all; they were the most beautiful shade of amber. There wasn’t a day that went by when he didn’t think of Suzanna, and not wanting Clementine to forget her, he did his best to keep Suzanna’s memory alive by telling Clementine as much about her as possible. For that was his constant worry, that one day Clementine would forget her mother.
“Papa? Papa?”
The miner was startled from his thoughts and looked across the table to his daughter, who watched him as if she expected an answer. She’d inherited his blue eyes and her mother’s pale yellow hair.
“What is it, Clemmie?”
“Weren’t you listening to anything I said?”
“Sure. Sure I was,” he lied.
“Good. Then which dress should I wear to the upcoming dance? The blue, or the pink one with the even pinker flowers?”
“Yellow. I think you should wear the yellow one,” he said absently.
“But I don’t have a yellow dress –”
“We’ll just have to change that then, won’t we? Every girl should have at least one dress that’s her favorite color. Besides, if you wore yellow it would match your hair.”
He didn’t say it, but it was during these discussions that he thought about Suzanna even more. Although Clementine never said, he was sure she thought about it too, and had often seen the look of longing in her face when they’d go out shopping to choose material for a dress, and were the only father and daughter in the shop, while other girls that were Clementine’s age were there with their mothers.
Beaming, she jumped out of her chair and came around the table to wrap her father in a hug. “Oh, Papa, thank you so much!”
“Anything for my little girl,” said the miner, laughing now as he worked to untangle himself from the tight embrace.
“This is going to be the best dance ever,” said Clementine, spinning a circle as she talked.
“I thought that might help cheer you up,” said the miner, already feeling happier himself to see his daughter so excited. He then reluctantly broached the topic he’d put off for too long. “There’s something I need to discuss with you, something important.”
Sitting back down at the table, Clementine went back to eating her bowl of stew, and said, “What about?”
“As you know, I’m not getting any younger and one day –”
“Oh Papa,” began Clementine.
“Wait, let me finish. The fact of the matter is that I won’t always be here, and I want to know your future is secured.”
“I don’t want to think about losing you, not after having lost Mama already.”
“I don’t like the idea any more than you do, but unfortunately neither one of us will have much of a say about when my time comes.”
“Must we really have this conversation right now?”
“I’ve already put off having this discussion for too long as it is, I can’t put it off any longer. If there was ever an accident in the mine, you’ll need to know how to manage on your own.”
Clementine reluctantly said, “All right then, Papa.”
“As you well know, I’ve always wanted the best possible life for you, with all the comforts that money can buy. Throughout my years of mining, I’ve acquired enough gold to last a lifetime.”
“If that’s so, then why work at all?”
“Mining is all I know. It’s what I love, and helps keep me occupied. I’m telling you this because when I’m gone, all I have will be yours, and it’s important that you know how to handle it wisely. Down in the cellar, locked away in a box in the far corner is where all the gold bars are kept. Inside it, I’ve written down clear instructions on what investments should be made, and how much each bar is worth. The key to it is hidden beneath the floorboards where this table sits. Promise me, my daughter, that you won’t let a word of what I’ve just told you get out. I fear that if it were, it might attract the unscrupulous, and that you could find yourself trapped in a marriage of misery. Remember – not a word of this to anyone. If a lad fancies you, and you him, then it would be better that he not know your monetary worth, but your worth as a person. Which is worth much more than gold. Promise that you’ll follow this advice.”
“I will, Papa. You needn’t worry.”
“I know you probably think all this worrying of mine is for nothing, but someday if you ever have children of your own you’ll understand.”
“I don’t want to hear any more talk of death. You’ll be here to give me away in marriage, and to enjoy the many grandchildren yet to come.”
“Ah yes, I imagine so.” He fell silent, a look of sadness on his face. The thought of walking his daughter down the aisle, and of grandchildren and their laughter filling up the cabin, prompted the memory of his late wife, and all that she’d missed out on. Never had he thought that he would be left to care for their Clemmie alone, to traverse the challenging and potentially perilous years of raising an adolescent, having virtually no guidance or experience in such matters. “I wish your mother could be here, to see what a fine young lady you’re becoming.”
Seeing the sadness in her father’s eyes, Clementine said, “Don’t cry, Papa. I’m sure if Mama could see us right now, she’d be proud of us both, and besides, even though she’s not here with us, she’ll always live within our memory, and remain tucked away safely in our hearts.”
“Still, it grieves me to know that you’ve had to grow up without a mother. I fear I haven’t always been able to guide you properly in the ways of a young lady.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. You’re the best papa any daughter could have, and I wouldn’t trade you for anything.”
“And you’re a good and kind daughter.” Getting up, the miner crossed over to the cabinet and got something out. “Which reminds me, I almost forgot until now.”
“Forgot what?”
“I stopped off in town after work today, and got one of our favorite treats – chocolate bars.” He presented her with the gold-wrapped confection. “I thought we might sit by the hearth and enjoy these while reading.”
“Oh, Papa.” Clementine assessed her father with a slight frown on her lips. “If it weren’t for the earlier plans I made, such an evening would be delightful.”
Working to hide his disappointment, the miner said, “Ah well, I imagine I’ll have to become accustomed to my little girl having prior engagements. You’re growing up, and social obligations are a part of all that, I suppose.”
“I hope you don’t feel too bad.”
Forcing a smile on his face, he said, “Not at all. If anything, I’m happy for you. It’s good for a young woman of your age to go out and see friends.”
Standing in front of the looking glass that had once belonged to her mother, Clementine fidgeted with the long golden ringlets that framed her pretty face, and gave a quick pinch to both her cheeks, causing a rosy glow to color her complexion. She then turned to her father and said, “Try and get some rest while I’m gone. Is there anything you need before I leave?”
“No, but I would like to know when I’m ever going to meet the lucky fellow that my daughter is seeing? After all, a father should get to know his future son-in-law. Or don’t you think it’s time we were introduced?”
“How do you know there’s anyone, Papa?”
A twinkle filled his eyes as he said, “Don’t think I don’t remember what it was like to be young and in love. Also, my dear girl, you’re primping in front of the mirror much too long for it not to be. There are things a father just knows. Perhaps we should make plans to have him over for supper?”
Leaving the mirror, Clementine crossed over to her father and placed a kiss on his forehead, then said, “In time. Now get some rest. I’ll be back before midnight.”
“All right, but just make sure to be careful. Wild beasts will be out roaming the forest at this hour.”
“I’ll be safe, Papa, I promise.”
The miner watched his daughter leave, then smiling to himself, unwrapped one of the chocolate bars and took a bite from it.
Sitting in front of the fireplace, he rocked gently in the chair that until her disappearance had always been Suzanna’s. It was then that he felt the all too familiar sadness that often crept over him during times like this, when he was alone. The quiet of the cabin, save for the crackling, popping sounds coming from the fire in the grate, left him to his thoughts. And those thoughts, although an unwelcome torment, were of Suzanna.
What really took place on that fateful day that now seemed so long ago? Had she fallen prey to a wild beast? Or had she somehow slipped and fallen into the lake and drowned?
Having already searched the lake and surrounding forest many times over, he was still left with no clues to her whereabouts, or what evil had befallen her. After having exhausted all areas of search, he was finally forced to give up all hope of finding her, and instead to accept the inevitable, that his Suzanna was gone, and she was never coming back.
What bothered him most was not knowing. The thought that his wife had abandoned both him and their young daughter was too much to bear. He could never believe such a terrible thing, that Suzanna could be capable of something so awful, and although no one had said it aloud to him, he knew about the common belief held by the residents of Rogue, the whispered rumors spread by idle housewives. They were saying ugly things about his Suzanna, that she hadn’t died at all, but had run off with a secret lover. These were rumors that he tried his best to ignore, and to shield Clementine from. Despite his best efforts, it was impossible to protect her from it entirely, but he was sure she didn’t believe any of it. He was always careful to speak highly of her mother, and in so doing, ensured that she never gave credence to such lies.
But at times like this, when he had nothing but his thoughts to keep him company, doubt had a way of sneaking in and tormenting him with unwanted scenarios. Although he didn’t want to believe it, he couldn’t help but wonder sometimes if what everyone else was saying, was true – because no matter how much he believed, or wanted to believe in Suzanna’s chastity and loyalty to him and their family, he couldn’t deny the way it looked either.
One morning he woke up, kissed his wife goodbye, and left for the mines, never realizing then that it was goodbye forever. He’d replayed those last fleeting images he had of Suzanna over and over again in his mind, and found himself wondering if she’d been truly happy. She always acted like she was, but did that necessarily mean anything? Was there something she wanted to tell him, but never could bring herself to say? He hoped not. The idea that she’d leave of her own free will hurt worse than the thought of her death. With thoughts of Suzanna and her disappearance on his mind, he got out a bottle of brandy and poured some into a snifter, which he drank from while staring into the blazing flames that filled the grate.
Humming to herself, Clementine made her way through the forest, and as she got nearer, the roar from the waterfall filled her ears. She only had a little further to go and she’d be there. Giddy anticipation filled her at the prospect of seeing him again. Theirs was a special relationship, and one that others couldn’t understand.
Following the meandering stream that progressively grew wider, Clementine soon came upon The Falls. She stood at the precipice of the mountain, directly above the roaring crash of water that burst forth from the mountain like a never-ending  tidal wave of raw power, only to come plummeting down into the deep blue water below.
To be so high up was both frightening and exhilarating. The rushing water, paired with the height, had a dizzying effect, and gave a false sensation of movement, even though the ground was solid beneath her feet.
The view of the meadow below was obstructed by the continuous spray of water that covered the precipice in a fine sheen of blinding mist. Clementine enjoyed the cool feel of it on her skin, and lingered there for a brief time longer, before taking the sloping pathway down to the meadow and lake below.
Stepping out into the field of wildflowers, she searched through the fading light, but saw no sign of him. The lake sparkled as slivers of moonlight danced and shimmered off the water. At first she thought that maybe he’d forgotten about their plans to meet that night, when near the base of the mountain, he stepped out from the shadows. Even in the shadowy half-light she could make out his handsome visage and tall, muscular form.
The two young people ran toward one another, and Clementine flew into his waiting arms. After a prolonged kiss, they broke apart. “I worried at first that you might not come.”
Staring at her in the shock of moonlight that illuminated her beautiful face, Hiawatha said, “Have I ever told you that your eyes are the bluest I’ve ever seen, and are just like the flowers that grow from the very field that we’re standing in.” He held her face in his hands, and a lapse of silence followed as the two lovers came together in another slow kiss.
When they reluctantly broke apart, Clementine traced an invisible line along Hiawatha’s chest and said, “Only every time we meet.”
Winding his fingers through her yellow tresses, he pulled her closer, and said, “I’m going crazy from missing you. You’re the only thing on my mind to the point of distraction. It was just the other day that I messed up a hunt. Instead of paying attention to the animal, I found my thoughts returning to the beautiful temptress with the yellow hair that haunts my waking hours, and remains in my dreams when I lie down at night.”
Wrapping her arms loosely around the back of his neck, Clementine brushed her lips against his, and said, “Just as you’re in mine.”
Running his hands along her body, he said, “We can’t continue like this, something has to change.”
“Does your grandfather suspect anything?”
“No, but we’ll have no other choice but to tell our families eventually.”
“I know we do, but I just wish it wasn’t all so complicated.” Clementine broke away from him to walk toward the dark pool of water.
“Then let’s not make it complicated.” Hiawatha sat down beside her on the grassy banks.
“Yes, but what if neither of our families accepts us being together?”
“Then we’ll run away. We can’t allow them to choose our destiny for us.”
Sadly shaking her head, Clementine said, “I don’t know if I could do that to my father. He already lost my mother, and I fear he would die of a broken heart if he were to lose me as well, his only child.”
Taking her in his arms, he held her close and said, “Then we mustn’t let that happen. They’ll understand once they see how much we love each other.”
Clementine looked up and smiled at him before resting her head on him once more.
A sigh came off the water and settled on the breeze, but the two young people were too caught up in each other to notice. Nor did they see the lone wolf, its shadowy form blending in with the darkness. Yellow eyes glittered down at them, watching from above, where it stood on the part of the cliff that jutted out above the waterfall.
Later that evening, Clementine returned home to find her father had fallen asleep by the fire, with a half empty bottle of brandy at his side. Careful not to wake him, she put the brandy away, then covered him with a blanket and whispered, “Good night, Papa.”
She turned down the lantern and blew out the few candles, before climbing up into the loft, where she went to sleep and dreamt of her lover.
CHAPTER NINE
In the time that had passed since the death of her sister, Bella had worked to put the tragedy behind her. Until one day a man she’d never seen before was sitting at the end of the bar drinking. Something about him caught her eye almost immediately. Bella sat down beside him, and soon the two had started up a conversation. He was nice and polite, almost too polite, and seemed somewhat awkward, which only endeared him to her more. It didn’t take long for her to realize that the company of prostitutes wasn’t something he normally sought out.
Rarely was she attracted to the sort of men who came to her, but with him even that was different. She thought him to be strikingly handsome, with the most unusual eyes that reminded her of the blue wildflowers that grew in the forest meadows. At first, all he really wanted from her was her company, and paid well just to have her listen to him talk. He spoke of his wife who had disappeared one day never to return, of the vicious gossip spread by the women in town, and the unfair speculation that followed. Bella felt sympathy for his situation, she too knew what it was like to be whispered about and judged unjustly. He talked about his daughter, and the challenges of raising a young girl who was soon to be a woman on his own, and his worries about her growing up without the guidance of a mother.
Although he hadn’t yet told her the name of his daughter or his missing wife, he did say that recently he’d given up all hope of ever seeing his beloved again.
On a particularly cold afternoon, they were lying together in the upstairs room of the brothel, when he reached over and lovingly caressed the side of her face, and said, “You look so much like her. I’ve held back in telling you, but I don’t mind saying it now.”
With a hint of surprise in her voice, Bella said, “You mean your wife that went missing?”
“Shhh.” He placed a finger to her lips. “Don’t say missing. I can’t think of her like that, or I would be consumed by guilt for being here with you in this way. I’ve since had to face the fact that whatever happened to her, she’s no longer living – for if she was, she surely would have come home to Clementine and me by now.”
Moving abruptly from his embrace, Bella sat up in bed, her heart thumping wildly in her chest. “Clementine,” she breathed out the name on a single exhaled whisper.
Studying her in concern, he said, “Is there something wrong?” Then not waiting for her reply, he mistook her silence to mean something different than what it was, and lay back in bed, smiling. “I know. Beautiful, isn’t it. It’s a name you don’t often hear, Suzanna and I always liked it for that very reason.”
Leaving the bed, Bella crossed over to the mirrored chest of drawers and lowered herself into the chair in front of it, as the terrible realization of just who the man who had become her lover actually was. Staring back at him through the mirror’s reflection she combed out her hair, then feigned what she hoped sounded like indifference, and said, “Did you say your wife’s name was Suzanna?”
Getting out of bed, he crossed over to where she sat and placed his hands on her shoulders. “Yes, that’s right. Bella – what’s wrong? I can see something’s troubling you.”
Blinking back the tears that had unexpectedly come to fill her eyes, she placed a careful smile on her lips, then stood up and turned around to face him, and suggestively ran her fingers along his arms and shoulders and said, “Nothing’s wrong, nothing at all.” She then brought her lips up to meet his in a kiss.
^^^
The night was dark and stormy. Warm flickering light could be seen from the windows of the cabin. Inside, the miner and his daughter had just sat down to supper when there was an unexpected knock at the door.
“I wonder who would be out in weather like this, and at such a late hour,” said the miner.
From her place at the table, Clementine watched as her father went to the door and opened it. A woman’s form was silhouetted by the lightning that streaked overhead. Clementine caught glimpses of the stranger’s visage through flashes of light. Although she had never seen her before, there was something startlingly familiar about her face. And then as she glimpsed the woman in another harsh glare of light, Clementine was stunned to see that this stranger bore an uncanny resemblance to her own missing mother. Clementine strained to hear what was being said between the stranger and her father, but they spoke in such low voices that it was impossible to hear anything above the storm. Surely her father would have introduced or at the very least mentioned this woman to her if it were someone he knew.
The miner stared at Bella in a dumbfounded state of shock over the news she’d just delivered to him. She was pregnant, and since she’d given up all other customers as he himself had requested, there was no doubt as to who was the father of this child she carried.
Not wanting Clementine, who watched pensively from inside the cabin, to overhear what was being said, he pulled the door closed and stepped out into the downpour.
Shivering and clutching the crimson shawl tightly around herself, Bella searched out his eyes with hers through the flashing darkness. “I’m sorry, I never should have come to your home like this, but after finding out about the baby I didn’t know where else to go.”
The miner found himself momentarily speechless. It was true that in the time since he’d regularly started seeing her, gradually he’d found himself feeling something close to love for her. Something he never thought possible to feel for another woman again, since Suzanna, but never had the thought of marriage come into his mind. He was content with the arrangement they had, and always assumed things between them would stay the same. Never had the possibility of becoming a father again occurred to him. Even in the darkness, the resemblance she shared with his late wife was startling. For this very reason he’d questioned more than once whether the feelings he had for Bella were genuine, or was it simply the likeness she shared with Suzanna that endeared her to him. This was a question he hadn’t allowed himself to think of often, because he now realized that he was afraid of what the answer might be. In view of what he’d just been told, the answer hardly seemed to matter anymore. He recognized that he had an obligation to Bella and the child that grew in her belly, and he wasn’t about to shirk it. With the shawl covering her caramel tresses, and with only her face showing, it would have been easy to mistake her for Suzanna.
When he didn’t speak right away, Bella took his silence to mean refusal, and said, “I understand. This was a mistake that I never should have bothered you with.” She gave a slight deprecating laugh. “What was I thinking? I’ll get rid of the child, and you’ll never hear of the matter again.”
She was about to leave, when the miner found his voice and said, “Get rid of the child?”
She turned to him demurely and said, “I’ll have no other choice. A woman in my position rarely does. I wouldn’t have the means to raise and care for a child, and a woman in my profession doesn’t exactly get marriage proposals.”
“Bella,” began the miner, “I’m afraid your estimation of me is very wrong. I won’t abandon you or the child you’re carrying. If you’ll let me, I’ll take care of you for the rest of your life, and this child of ours will want for nothing. All I ask is that you live here with me as my wife, and be a mother to my daughter Clementine. Is that something you think you would want?”
Trying to keep the excitement from her voice, Bella said, “It would be the only logical choice for me to accept your gracious proposal, and so my answer is yes. I’ll do my best to be a kind and attentive wife to you, and I’ll treat Clementine as if she were my own.”
Then becoming aware of the driving rain and biting cold, he opened the door and said, “Here, come inside and warm yourself. You must be freezing.”
Bella stepped inside and was immediately hit by warmth. Slipping off her shawl, she took in the cozy surroundings and fell instantly in love with them. Bella’s gaze slowly traveled throughout the room before falling on the young woman who stood near the table, watching her with a mixture of curiosity and mistrust. She only had to look at the girl to know who she was. An unexpected jolt of emotion went through her at seeing her sister’s daughter for the first time.
The young woman was startlingly pretty, and had the same blue eyes as her father and the golden yellow locks of her mother.
Overcome with joy at seeing her niece for the first time, she rushed over to where Clementine stood, and said, “You look just as lovely as your –” Bella almost said the word mother, but caught herself, and finished the sentence with, “as your father always said you were.” It wasn’t until she tried to give Clementine a hug, that she became aware of the open hostility in the young woman’s blue eyes. She took a step back and said, “I suppose there’s no need to rush introductions. There’ll be plenty of time for the two of us to become acquainted later.”
After recovering from the initial shock of seeing this stranger’s face that so closely resembled her mother, Clementine took in the rest of her appearance. Once the woman had removed the shawl that covered the matching red dress, it was obvious from the plunging neckline and high hem of the skirt that exposed a shocking glimpse of ankle, what the woman standing in their home was.
In an effort to break the uncomfortable silence that had fallen over the room, the miner said to his daughter, “Would you please put out an extra plate. It looks like we have a guest who will be joining us tonight for supper.”
Clementine made no move to do as her father asked, and instead said, “Who is she, Papa?”
“I really don’t think that’s important just yet. These questions can wait till later. Now mind your manners, young lady, and do as I said.”
Regarding Bella through narrowed eyes, Clementine said, “She’s a whore, isn’t she, Papa?”
“Clementine! Now that’s enough,” exclaimed the miner.
“It’s all right,” said Bella, cutting in, “she’s entitled to know who I am. After all, I am a stranger coming into her home.” Then directing her attention from the miner to Clementine, she said, “My name is Bella, and you’re right about what I am. Despite what you may think of me, I care dearly for your father, and can only hope that one day you and I can become friends.”
Turning to her father in disbelief, Clementine said, “How could you forget about Mama, and cheapen her memory by replacing her with, with a whore!”
“That’s enough! I won’t tolerate you speaking this way. Not in this house,” said the miner.
“Why not, it’s true, isn’t it? You brought a whore into Mama’s house.” Clementine ran out of the cabin and into the driving rain.
Standing in the open doorway, the miner called out into the darkness, “Clementine! Clementine!” When no reply came, the miner turned to Bella, who was already putting her shawl back on, and said, “I’m really sorry about this.”
“Don’t be. It’s only natural that she would resent my being here. She wants her mother back, as any child would, and feels as if you’re trying to replace her with me.”
“That’s not what I’m trying to do at all,” protested the miner.
“You and I both know that, but she doesn’t,” said Bella.
Sighing, the miner said, “You’re probably right. I’ll see if I can find her, and have a talk with her.”
“I think that would be for the best,” said Bella.
Noticing the shawl was wrapped back around her shoulders, the miner said, “You can’t possibly be thinking of going out in this weather, especially with it being so dark out.”
“I thought it might be best if I return to the brothel, at least until she has a chance to calm down and get used to my being here,” said Bella.
“Nonsense.” The miner gently propelled her over to the fire and said, “I won’t hear of it. You’re chilled to the bone, and I won’t have you out wandering through the woods in a storm, especially not in your condition. It’s bad enough that my daughter’s out there. Now I’m going to find Clementine and try to reason with her, meanwhile you just keep warm by the fire and make yourself comfortable.”
Bella agreed to stay, then lowered herself into a nearby chair and watched as he disappeared out the door, leaving her alone in the cabin.
It didn’t take long for the miner to find his daughter, standing a short distance from the cabin, sobbing quietly.
“It’s not what you think, it really isn’t. Come now, my child, and dry your tears.”
Clementine flew into her father’s embrace, and through her tears said, “I miss Mama so much.”
“I know,” said the miner, tears gathering in his own eyes. “I miss her too.” He drew in a shaky breath. “But I think it’s time now that we both accepted that whatever happened, your mother’s not coming back to us, not ever.”
“But how can you be so sure about that, Papa?”
“Because I know your mother, and more importantly I know how much she loved us both, and that if she had even a breath left in her, she’d be here at home with us right now.” The miner hugged his daughter to him, then after a pause said, “Remember how your mother and I always taught you not to judge others by their circumstances?”
“I still don’t trust or like her,” said Clementine.
“You don’t like her because she’s not your mother, and you don’t trust her because of what she had to do to survive, because of what her profession was.”
“Was? It still is her profession. Didn’t you look at her?”
“Not anymore. I’ve asked her to marry me and she accepted.”
“Papa,” began Clementine, “I know you’re lonely since losing Mama, but don’t you think you might be rushing things?” Lowering her voice, she added, “I mean, you must have noticed how much she looks like Mama?”
“I won’t pretend that that’s not what initially drew me to her, but now it’s become so much more complicated than that. You’re young and haven’t yet lived life, so this might be hard for you to understand. There’s really no easy way to tell you this, Clemmie, so I’m just going to come out and say it – remember how your mother and I always said that even when it’s difficult, you still need to be honest?”
“Yes, Papa.”
“Well, now it’s time that I followed that advice myself. The reason I asked Bella to marry me isn’t because of how much she looks like your mother. I asked her to marry me because she’s heavy with child – my child.”
“How could you just forget about Mama like that?”
“Don’t you see, Clemmie? I know that’s what you think, but that’s not true. I haven’t replaced your mother. I couldn’t replace her even if I wanted to. Listen, I don’t expect for you to think of Bella as your mother, I would never ask or even want you to. The memory of your mother will forever live within each of our hearts, and in that way she’ll never be forgotten. All I ask is that you give Bella a chance. At least try to like her. Isn’t that something you think you could do for me?”
“Yes, Papa. I suppose I can.”
The miner and his daughter returned to the cabin to find Bella already asleep in the rocker by the fire. They quietly ate dinner. Clementine bade her father good night, and climbed up into the loft where she lay awake thinking about the shocking news she’d just been delivered. The miner finished clearing away the dishes, then blew out the candles before retiring for the night to his own room, leaving Bella sleeping undisturbed in front of the flickering flames in the grate.
A private ceremony was held a few days later at the cabin, between Bella and the miner. It was a simple affair that didn’t have any of the merriment or fanfare that was associated with most weddings.
The night after the ceremony, Bella lit a candle to see by, and slowly ran a comb through her long caramel tresses, while keeping her gaze riveted on her own mirrored reflection. The family that had once been her sister’s was now hers. The thought brought a tiny smile to her lips. She stared into her own eyes that were the exact same shade and color of Suzanna’s, then leaned down and blew out the candle.
CHAPTER TEN
A few nights later, Bella lay awake staring up into the darkness. Instead of spending the night together as most newly married couples would have, she had feigned sickness, and so she and the miner slept separately.
Bella waited until she heard the sound of snoring, then carefully pushed back the blankets, climbed out of bed and tiptoed out into the main room, where the miner lay on the floor next to the hearth, sound asleep. All was quiet other than the steady peaceful sound of his breathing. Certain that Clementine was also sound asleep up in the loft, Bella soundlessly crossed over to the door and stole out into the black as pitch night.
Bella hugged the hooded cloak she wore around herself, and made her way into the deeper, denser part of the forest. From an early age, Lucinda had taught her about plants and the herbal, and healing properties of some.
The extensive knowledge that Lucinda possessed about the plants that grew within the surrounding forest only frustrated her further when she tried them, and none worked to help her conceive, since the miscarriage. These exact same remedies that Lucinda made and sold herself worked for other women. Bella just hoped they’d have the desired effect on her.
Gradually Bella’s vision adjusted to the darkness, and by the light of the moon she was able to see her surroundings. She had gone a short distance further into the woods, to the same place in the forest where Lucinda had always sent her as a child to gather the medicinal plants. Even in the darkness Bella recognized the spot, and immediately got to work filling the basket she’d brought along. As she worked, her thoughts drifted back to when she was a child, doing the same thing she was doing now.
She was around the age of five or six when Lucinda started taking her out to help pick herbs. The mental image of Lucinda sneering down at her came into her thoughts, and the harsh words that followed echoed through her mind, so clearly and vividly that it was almost as if Lucinda were there with her, saying them all over again.
I’m cursed! Cursed to have an idiot for a husband. Cursed to never have been able to conceive a child of my own or keep a pregnancy, leaving me no other choice but to take in you, the unwanted and unloved bastard of a harlot.
This was something Lucinda repeated to her often. Then one day, when Bella had turned eight, she changed her mind about wanting a child of her own, and instead started telling Bella that she was a burden enough to care for, and for that reason, no longer did she want a child of her own.
Cringing at the painful memory, Bella muttered beneath her breath in low frantic whispers, “You’re not real. You can’t live in my head like this, I won’t let you.” Realizing she was talking out loud to herself, Bella broke off her words and regained control of her rapid breathing, reminding herself that Lucinda was dead, and no longer could inflict emotional anguish on her. But even as she told herself this, she knew it wasn’t true, because although Lucinda was presumably dead, and had been out of her life for many years now, the memory of her would not leave.
Pushing these unpleasant thoughts from her mind, Bella focused on the task and finished gathering the necessary plants.
It hadn’t taken her long, she knew just how much of them she needed, and was soon making her way back through the woods toward the cabin, when the sound of voices cut through the silence. Curious, Bella followed the voices to the edge of the forest, and peering out from the dark tree line, she gasped in surprise, then quickly covered her mouth so as not to be heard. But she needn’t have worried. The young couple were too focused on one another to have seen or heard anything. Clementine and the young Indian man stood close together. By their posture it was easy to see that the two were lovers. Although their voices were lowered, some of what they said could easily be heard from where Bella now hid, and came to her through the silence.
“I thought you would never come,” said Hiawatha.
“I got here as soon as I could. I had to wait until my father and his new wife were asleep before I left,” said Clementine.
The young couple came together in a kiss.
Bella watched them finish their kiss, then slowly backed away into the shadowy darkness of the forest. Flattening her body against a tree, she remained hidden there for a second longer, thinking about the romantic tryst she’d just witnessed. A gradual smile crossed her lips.
So her sister’s daughter, with her long golden locks and wide innocent eyes, wasn’t so innocent after all.
Although not yet knowing why, Bella had the feeling that this knowledge she now possessed of her stepdaughter and the handsome lover she’d worked so hard to conceal, would one day prove useful.
Initially she’d been overjoyed to finally be able to meet her sister’s child, who now was also her stepdaughter. However, it didn’t take long for her to form a negative opinion about the pretty young woman. After the ridiculous scene Clementine had made by running out into the storm on the night she discovered that her father and Bella were to be married, things hadn’t improved. The girl hadn’t welcomed her as she’d hoped, but instead had grown sulky, speaking only when she absolutely must. Which was generally only to her father, trying to ignore Bella’s presence in their lives as much as possible and rejecting every bit of kindness she’d tried to show her, including an amicable co-existence. This annoyed Bella greatly, and although she was careful not to show it, privately she was of the opinion that Clementine was a spoiled, obnoxious brat who reminded her of all those privileged girls from her childhood, who used to stare over at her, and whisper and giggle together on the rare occasions Bella accompanied Lucinda on her errands in town. She despised them, and in Clementine she could imagine each and every one of their faces.
Holding back laughter, Bella silently left her place in the tree line, and hurriedly made her way back to the cabin. As she cautiously opened the door and slipped inside, Bella soundlessly pulled the door closed, then cast a cursory look toward the miner who remained undisturbed from his sleep. Smiling to herself, she stashed the basket full of plants in a cabinet drawer, then returned to bed, and when she slipped underneath the heavy blankets, thought about how little the miner really knew. If he ever were to discover her true feelings toward his daughter, or that there really was no baby growing inside of her, Bella had no doubt that he would dissolve their union and throw her out – only that wasn’t something she ever planned on letting him discover. She’d kill to guard her secret, but she was sure that such measures wouldn’t be necessary. If everything worked out as it should, a child would be growing in her belly before her next cycle. All she had to do was continue to feign illness until she was finished menstruating, and then once the miner returned to their bed, she’d begin taking the herbs.
Bella lay back against the pillows and listened to the door quietly open, and the faint sound of footsteps crossing the floor, then the soft creaks of the loft ladder being pulled down, and a few seconds later pulled back up, and knew that Clementine had come home.
Murmuring to herself, Bella said, “Your secret’s safe with me, darling Clementine – for now.”
The next day Bella went down to the lake to do the washing. While scrubbing the clothes clean, her thoughts went back to her late night venture into the forest. As she swished the soapy linens in the clear blue water of the lake, she spoke absently aloud to herself, and said, “I wish to conceive a child within a month’s time.” She then hummed this mantra to herself as she finished up the last of the wash.
Bella gathered up the basket full of wet clothes, and was about to carry it back to the cabin, when she turned to come face to face with Clementine standing in the meadow.
Bella fell back. The unexpected sight of the young woman both surprised and unnerved her.
“You shouldn’t work so hard, stepmother. Especially not in your condition.” Sarcasm in Clementine’s voice, and the patronizing way she said “stepmother” were impossible to miss.
Regaining her composure, Bella said, “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”
“You don’t?” repeated Clementine in wide-eyed mock surprise.
“No. I don’t. Nor do I have time for childish nonsense,” snapped Bella. She was out of patience with the girl and didn’t like how uncomfortable she made her feel. Bella was about to walk past her, when she was stopped by the young woman’s next words.
“I didn’t mean to bother you. I just thought you might want this,” said Clementine sweetly. The light breezy tone of her voice was very different from the cold, hard stare of her blue eyes.
It was then that Bella noticed the blood-soaked rag in Clementine’s hand. Blanching, she almost dropped the basket of laundry onto the ground at her feet. “How – how did you get that?”
“It was lying on the floor of the cabin. Apparently it fell from the basket of clothes you were carrying. And unfortunately for you – I found it.” Clementine let the bloody rag fall to the ground, and studied her through narrowed eyes. “Tell me how it is that a woman heavy with child can still be menstruating?”
Rooted in place, Bella remained speechless, too horrified to speak as she listened to the young woman condemn her with the things she was saying, and at the same time saw her entire world unravel around her.
“This entire thing has been a pretense.” Clementine watched her in open disgust. “You invented this pregnancy so my father would marry you. Admit it!” The young woman’s eyes met hers challengingly. “I won’t allow you to go on with this deception. Tonight Papa will find out what it was he really married – a liar.”
A sickening queasiness filled Bella’s stomach, and her legs felt shaky and weak as if they might give out from beneath her at any moment. The word “liar” echoed back to her, and through the haze of her thoughts, she could almost imagine it was Lucinda’s voice she was now hearing. Horrible images of being pushed out to wander the forest without a home, just as she had been when she was sixteen, flashed through her mind. The thought of returning to a life of prostitution was unbearable to her. Bella blurted out her next words, “If you dare breathe a word of this to anyone – then I’ll tell about your little tryst at midnight, how you come down to this very spot to meet up with your lover – a handsome young Indian man.” She felt a measure of satisfaction when she saw the look of surprise, then fear in the young woman’s eyes. “Imagine how devastated your father would be to discover his precious daughter is as virtueless as a whore. I saw the two of you, I know what goes on here under the cover of darkness. Word would spread throughout Rogue, and once something like that gets out, no one forgets. Especially not the gossips. You can expose me if you want, but if you do, I’ll expose your dirty little secret, and the one person who will be hurt the most is your father. Me? I’m used to being the subject of malicious talk, but your father will be shamed forever.” Bella took two deliberate steps toward Clementine, and holding the young woman’s eyes with her own steady gaze said, “Does telling your father still seem like a good idea?”
Backing away, Clementine screamed, “I hate you! I wish you and Papa had never met!”
Bella chuckled as she watched Clementine turn and run away in a whirl of skirts and long golden hair that whipped out behind her.
Left with no other choice, Clementine maintained her silence and in the weeks that followed, Bella conceived a child. The miner remained unaware of his new wife’s deception.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Bella sat by the fire and rocked. She could hear Clementine and the miner’s conversation, as they discussed an upcoming dance that was to be held in the town hall.
The way they went on about it annoyed her greatly. With how he doted on his daughter, one would never know that he would soon have a second child, a child that at that very moment grew inside of her. She could feel every movement, every kick made by the unborn baby, and even though she hadn’t yet seen the fragile life that remained safely ensconced within her womb, she already knew and loved it.
Often Bella would spend her evenings reading aloud out of her favorite books, for she was certain her child was listening. Other times, she’d sing sweetly all the melodies she was familiar with. There wasn’t a moment that passed, that Bella didn’t think of the life within her. For the first time, she had something to love, something that would also love her in return, that no one could take from her, and that belonged solely to her. This child was a blessing to her, something that made all the hardships she’d endured seem insignificant.
Staring into the leaping flames of the fire, the unwelcome image of her mother, sneering back at her, came into Bella’s thoughts. And then, even worse, came the harsh and biting words that she imagined Lucinda would hurl at her, and deliver like a stab to the heart, had she been there to see her in her new life, with her newfound family.
You – you worthless two-bit whore. You don’t deserve the life you have with that poor, wonderful man whom you just so happened to trick into marriage. He might be naive to your wickedness, but not me, Bella girl. You can’t fool me, your mother. I know what evil goes on in that head of yours – I’ve always known. The day you took your first breath was a cursed one indeed. He’s much too good for you, and when he discovers your true nature, he’ll leave you just like –
“No!” Bella turned away from the fire, and pushed her mother’s memory and the vicious words from her mind.
Clementine and her father both turned to look at her, their conversation  momentarily forgotten.
Leaving his place at the table, the miner crossed over to her, placed a hand on her shoulder and said, “Is everything all right?”
Setting aside her sewing, Bella got to her feet, gave him a light peck on his cheek, and murmured that she wasn’t feeling well, then without further explanation, she grabbed up one of the lanterns and swept off to bed. Ignoring the puzzled stare given to her by both father and daughter, Bella pulled the door firmly closed behind her.
Finally she could have some quiet – quiet for her and her unborn child to enjoy, without having to endure yet another evening listening to the miner and his brat of a daughter make plans for the following day. To hear them talk, it was as if she didn’t even exist, as if her opinion didn’t matter.
Despite the unfriendly exchanges between the two of them, she had worked hard at liking the yellow-haired girl, but still she found it impossible to draw up an ounce of warmth for the girl, forget motherly affection.
Yes, it was true that Clementine was her dead sister’s child, an actual blood relation to herself, but that, as it turned out, was just the problem. Clementine possessed the same yellow hair as her mother – yellow hair, that served as a constant reminder of Suzanna, and the culpability Bella felt in her sister’s death. Since their encounter out in the meadow, there hadn’t been any more words spoken between them, yet she knew that her stepdaughter didn’t like or trust her. Already the little brat had discovered her deception about being with child, and if it hadn’t been for quick thinking on her part, the miner’s daughter would have foiled her carefully made plans. The girl was insufferably spoiled, and reminded her of Suzanna and the privileged life her sister led.
Maybe, if she had been fortunate enough to have been raised by the same kindly woman that Suzanna had, then things would have been different for her too. Perhaps she too would have been wedded at the same fashionably early age as her sister had, and maybe instead of just now discovering the joys of experiencing a life growing inside her, she too might have had her own daughter, the same age as Clementine was now. Perhaps then she and her sister could have shared a real friendship, and not just the bond of sisterhood. Then she could have felt more like her sister’s equal, instead of lesser, always lesser.
Oh, it wasn’t Suzanna’s fault, she knew that – in fact all Suzanna had ever been to her was kind. But even then, it had always been there, right below the surface, threatening to burst out and ruin the tenuous relationship they’d shared throughout their years as children, and then as adults. Class distinction.
Whereas her sister was raised in an environment full of love and happiness, she was brought up in an environment brimming with hate, and fraught with emotional angst.
Two lives couldn’t have been more different from each other than theirs had been. When Suzanna was courted and then wedded, Bella, in comparison, had her heart broken by a man who promised her the world and in the end gave her nothing. Then while her sister was happily setting up house as a new wife and soon-to-be mother, Bella was working in a brothel, entertaining a string of men.
And now here she was, living the very life she’d coveted. Married to her sister’s husband, living in the same cozy cabin, sleeping in the same bed with the same man, even playing mother – no, stepmother, she corrected herself.
Clementine. The girl had everything she herself never had, and was an incorrigible little horror. Her father doted on her far too much – so much, in fact, that Bella worried he might not love the child that she carried as much. Suzanna was still in his heart, not her. Although he’d never said, and was always kind to her, she knew he hadn’t married her out of love, but rather out of duty.
Bella had these thoughts running through her head when the door to their bedroom opened, and the miner quietly slipped into bed next to her. She kept her eyes closed, pretending to be asleep, when his words broke the silence between them. “Are you ready to tell me what that was all about?”
Her eyes flew open and her body tensed. “What, what was all about?”
“Bella,” he sighed, “don’t try and pretend nothing happened – we all noticed.”
“We, as in, you and Clementine, you mean?” Bella couldn’t keep the anger from her voice.
“Yes,” said the miner tightly. “You know,” he began after a pause, “I never said anything to you, but Clementine always thought that you didn’t like her. Up until now I’ve always insisted she was wrong, but now after watching you tonight, I’m not so sure anymore.”
“And I’m not so sure you want this child I’m carrying anymore,” Bella burst into tears as she said this.
Then just as she’d hoped, the miner took her in his arms and said, “My dear wife, I could never not love this child of mine you’re carrying, just as much as I love my daughter, Clementine. Come now, let’s not quarrel. Tomorrow we’ll go into town and forget all about this.”
“Go into town?” The thought of seeing all those people who had condemned her for so much of her life, wasn’t pleasant. Even now, Bella could just imagine how the men, many who knew her intimately, would leer at her, and how the women would pass judgment with their eyes, and act as if they were so much better. When she’d worked in the brothel it was something she had to face on an almost daily basis, but now that she was married and living a distance from town, the people of Rogue were a reminder of her past life – a life she desperately wanted to forget.
“Yes, I promised Clementine a new dress for the town dance, and I thought that perhaps while we’re there, you might want to pick out something for yourself and the baby.”
“Oh. Yes – I think I will,” said Bella reluctantly. She lay awake staring into the darkness, long after the miner had fallen asleep, her thoughts returning to things of the past, things she’d just as soon forget.
The next morning they all sat down to an early breakfast, then got into the wagon and started on their way.
Throughout the ride there, Bella remained quiet, lost in her own tortured thoughts, while Clementine and her father talked more of the upcoming dance.
Once they arrived in Rogue, Bella took the miner’s offered hand and stepped down from the wagon, while trying to pretend that she didn’t notice the stares and whispers directed at them. She was careful not to let her discomfort show as she slipped her hand into the crook of the miner’s arm, and walked with her husband and stepdaughter through town, and wondered briefly what either of them might possibly be thinking. Surely they both must have noticed the way other people stopped what they’d been doing, to stare at them. But when she cast a glance over at the miner and his daughter, Bella was relieved to see that neither acted any different.
Since she’d become his wife, both the miner and his daughter had become pariahs, and she couldn’t help but wonder if it ever bothered them. Especially Clementine, being so young and having lived such a charmed life, Bella was certain that such unpleasantness must be unfamiliar to her. When they came to the dress shop, Clementine hugged her father then hurried inside, anxious to find and try on dresses.
Lingering outside the front of the shop window, Bella tried to hide her anxiety as she said, “Aren’t you coming in with us?”
The miner placed a kiss on the side of Bella’s face, and said, “Now that Clementine has you to accompany her, my presence would no longer be appropriate. Besides, this will give the two of you a chance to become better acquainted with one another, and hopefully in time, even to become closer.”
He had no need to say any more for Bella to understand what he meant, that the tension between herself and Clementine was something he was very much aware of, and had been since first introducing the two of them.
Bella wanted to object but didn’t. What, after all, would she say? That she didn’t feel even a smidgen of warmth or tenderness toward the girl – his daughter? If the miner became aware of her feelings toward his daughter, then no doubt he’d feel differently about her and their marriage. She couldn’t risk the life she now had by revealing these things to him.
Arranging her features in what she hoped was a pleasant expression, although unable to quite keep the edge out of her voice, Bella said, “And when we are finished – where will you be?”
“I’ll be over at the store purchasing the few things that we need, and then I’ll be waiting back at the wagon for both my girls.” He placed a purse full of coins in Bella’s hand. “Make sure Clementine gets anything she wants – I want the dance to be special for her. There’s a young man she fancies and I want her to look and feel her best.”
“As you wish.”
The miner started to walk away and then as an afterthought, paused and said, “And if you see anything that you would like for either yourself or the baby, you may purchase those items as well.”
Bella stood there a few moments longer, watching the miner cross over to the small general store.
She then stepped through the door and entered into the dress shop. Dresses with full skirts, matching bonnets, and lacey fabrics filled every available space. It was just as lovely as she remembered, and the stares just as cold from the same group of women who came there regularly to shop, gossip, and drink tea together.
Her marriage to the miner did little to improve the way people looked at her. If anything, the marriage to her sister’s husband only worsened her reputation. Only no one, including the miner or his daughter, knew that she and Suzanna shared the bond of sisterhood. And if they had, she could only imagine what these sharp-tongued, gossiping biddies would say. No doubt they would try to say that she killed her sister – and would they be right? It was true. She had been the cause of Suzanna’s death, but it had been accidental, not deliberate, just like meeting her sister’s husband had been accidental as well. No matter how much she tried reasoning it out, and telling herself otherwise, her own guilt over the way she secretly coveted her sister’s life, made her feel as if she had.
If only she hadn’t stood at that precipice, or if she’d jumped instead of merely contemplating it, things would have worked out very differently, and the right sister would have lived. If only she’d reacted a split second sooner, if only her sister had let her die…
“Isn’t it lovely?”
The sound of Clementine’s voice broke through her thoughts and snapped her out of her self-recriminations. She looked over to see her stepdaughter twirling happily in front of the full length mirror, the same mirror that she herself had stood before on that fateful day – the day Suzanna lost her life. Staring at Clementine’s pretty face now, she could easily imagine the young woman’s features changing into those of her mother.
Suzanna…
She could still envision how her sister had looked that day. Vibrant and beautiful – yes, so beautiful. Suzanna’s long yellow tresses had become caught in the turbulence of wind and water, and had whipped out all around her. Heavy mist shot up from the roaring waterfall and covered her sister in a white sheen, making her appear almost ghostly.
“You do like it, don’t you?” Clementine now stood there, studying her with a slight frown playing on her lips.
Realizing that she’d forgotten to answer, Bella said, “Yes, it’s quite lovely. Is that what you wish to wear to the dance then?”
Clementine gave one last appraising look in the mirror and said, “Yes.”
“All right,” began Bella. “Hurry along then and change out of it, and bring the dress and anything else you’ve chosen up here to the register.” She watched as Clementine hurried over to the opposite end of the store and disappeared behind an ornate privacy screen where she changed back into her older dress. Bella hadn’t meant to sound so impatient, she didn’t want Clementine or anyone else to know just how uncomfortable being there made her.
It was only then that Bella became aware once more of the icy stares directed at her by the other women present in the shop.
They were whispering amongst themselves, and Bella knew it was about her and the roundness of her belly, that she knew even the heavy skirts of her dress couldn’t hide from the prying eyes of these malignant women. Briefly she wondered if Clementine too had noticed the hostile looks given to her by these women, but then decided that she’d probably been too excited about the dress and whatever else she was getting, to have noticed anything. It was just as well that she remain innocent for as long as possible to the cruelty women such as these were capable of. They were no better than a pack of ravenous wolves, searching for signs of weakness – no, much worse, she decided. Because unlike wild beasts, these women were calculating – ruthless in their treatment of those whom they unfairly condemned.
Making a point to ignore them, Bella carefully picked out ribbons and fabrics to make herself a dress, and also found some material to make undergarments and a nightdress for the baby. Even though the miner had said that she could buy whatever she wanted, Bella didn’t feel right choosing one of the more expensive ready-made dresses, as Clementine had. Besides, she wanted to have a project to work on at home, and making clothes for herself and the baby was something she’d enjoy.
While waiting for Clementine to re-emerge with the yellow dress, Bella overheard a few of the women, who were talking just loud enough for her to hear. The words of one in particular caught her attention.
“It’s rumored that that poor dear’s mother ran off with some drifter. The disgrace of it all! And if that wasn’t bad enough, did you know,” began the dark-haired woman, her eyes growing bigger, as if what she was about to say was the most shocking of all, “that soon after, her father took up with that common whore, then actually went and married her?!” She sneered and cast a look toward Bella. “All one need do, is look at her to know why – she’s obviously with child. Although, I simply can’t imagine whatever possessed a man like that to care, being that he’s such a good catch and all. I’m sure any woman that wasn’t already married would have been lining up to be the next Mrs. Sinclair. It’s common knowledge that whores like her are used to purging their bodies of unwanted bastard children all the time – that I’m sure are sired much more often than any of us ladies are even aware of.” She said this last bit as if the very thought were something abhorrent and far beneath her.
“Well, it is his child,” pointed out a younger woman. “And how do you know if she was or wasn’t with child before he married her? Maybe he married her, because he really had fallen in love with her.”
Casting a disdainful look toward Bella, the dark-haired woman said, “I don’t – but I highly doubt that any man would fall in love, and choose to marry a woman like that. Why, the very idea makes me positively shudder!” As if to emphasize this last fact, she began to wave the fan she held in one hand, in quick, frantic back and forth motions. “If anyone were to ask me my opinion, I’d say with child or not, he never should have married her.”
“Perhaps he’s more decent than most other men. I think it’s rather big of him, really, and kind of romantic,” said the younger woman.
The older woman gave a sharp chortle of laughter, and said, “There’s no such thing as a decent man. Stupid maybe – but decent, no.”
Unable to endure the things they were saying any longer, Bella left the area full of ribbons and sashes to storm over to where the women stood huddled together in a group. An audible gasp of surprise came from a few of them, as they noticed her approach. In a voice just loud enough to be heard, Bella said, “I’m a respectable married woman now, and I won’t idly stand by and pretend not to notice the vile things coming out of your mouth.”
Jutting out her chin in defiance, the dark-haired woman said, “It doesn’t matter what you do, or whom you marry, Bella Sinclair, you’ll never be respectable or a lady, and the name Sinclair won’t make a bit of difference. In this town all you’ll ever be is Bella the whore –”
“I would strongly suggest every single one of you find some new gossip to while away the tedium of your lives –any moment now my stepdaughter will be coming out, and this isn’t something she needs to hear. Unlike the likes of all of you, Clementine was raised to be a lady. Decent and good – not frivolous, ill-mannered gossips, that have as much breeding and class as rabid dogs.” Bella moved in closer now, her gaze locking on the gaze of the dark-haired woman. “As for you – I’d better not hear one more word about me or this baby I’m carrying. Or I will persuade my husband, the one you’ve spoken so freely of, to find a different bank to invest in. And that will just be the beginning – as for the rest of you, I don’t ever want to hear my name, or the name of my family, spoken in future conversation. Or else I will systematically destroy each and every one of your lives – starting with you.”
Whispering to one another and giving each other alarmed looks, the group of women hurried out the door in a bustle of skirts and petticoats. No sooner had they left than Clementine, who was unaware of what had just transpired, came from the other end of the shop with the dress and matching ribbons in hand, and set everything down on the counter next to the items Bella had selected.
Turning to Clementine, she said, “Have you found everything you wanted then?”
“Yes,” said Clementine, beaming.
Then to the girl who stood rigidly by, Bella said, “Then I do believe that we are done here.”
Looking uncomfortable, the woman behind the counter tallied up the items, then folded and put everything in boxes and wordlessly slid them over to Bella and Clementine, who took their purchases and left.
During the ride back, Bella made no mention of the unpleasant exchange she had with the women in the dress shop, and pretended to be enjoying herself with Clementine and her father, as they talked.
Clementine said, “What about you, Papa? Did you buy yourself anything?”
“Actually,” he reached into a box, took away the lid and presented her with a pair of yellow satin slippers, with shiny matching ribbons laced throughout.
“Oh, Papa!” Clementine gaped open-mouthed at them. “These are the loveliest pair of slippers I’ve ever seen.”
“Well? What are you waiting for?” He looked at her smiling. “Take them – they’re yours.”
Squealing in delight, she leaned over and gave him a hug, then holding and admiring them, she said, “These will go perfectly with my new dress.”
“Yes, and you’ll look perfectly lovely just like your mo-” He broke off abruptly in midsentence, but it was too late. Although the sentiment hadn’t yet been finished, his new wife knew exactly what he was going to say. In an effort at keeping the peace, the miner wrapped an arm around Bella, and said, “And you, my dear, will look as ravishing as always in whatever you wear.”
Bella turned to smile at him, when the muscles in her abdomen seized, the sheer agony and pain of it taking her breath away, quickly followed by more searing contractions. Reining in the horses, the miner brought the wagon to an abrupt halt, then turned to his wife in growing panicked concern.
Clutching her abdomen, Bella leaned forward in pain. “It’s the baby – the baby! The baby!” Her voice went up in a piercing scream. Blood gushed out from between her legs.
“But – but I don’t understand?” The miner was dumbfounded as to what to do for his wife, or how to help her.
Assisting her stepmother into the back of the wagon, Clementine helped her to lie down, then said, “Quick, Papa! We must get her home and into bed.”
Clementine clutched Bella’s hand in hers as the miner got the horses running at a  gallop, causing the wagon to tip precariously to one side, as they careened around the corners at such a speed that the back wheels momentarily left the ground.
Once they made it home and got Bella out of the wagon and into the cabin, blood had already soaked into the front and back of her dress. She clutched a blanket with something wrapped within it against her bosom as she walked right past them, a dazed expression on her face.
Catching the worried stare of her father, in a hushed voice Clementine said, “The baby couldn’t be saved.”
Lowering himself in a chair in front of the fire, the miner did his best to close out the sound of wife’s wailing cries. The screams that came from Bella were unbearable, full of unimaginable pain, and sounded like an animal, wounded and dying.
Clementine tried to be of comfort to her stepmother, but Bella wouldn’t be solaced. She moaned and rocked pitifully. And in her arms she held the small lifeless fetus, while repeatedly saying, “My baby – this is my baby! I have my baby!” Pushing both Clementine and the miner away, she looked at them both and screamed, “Leave – leave me to my grief!”
That night, Clementine went to bed early. After climbing into the loft, she folded up the stairs, hoping to silence the cries that came from her stepmother, but Bella’s continuous broken sobs carried up through the floorboards, making sleep impossible. Clementine was lying on top of her bedcovers when a tap at the window caught her attention. Sitting up, she looked over to see her lover at the window. Gingerly leaving the bed, she crossed the short distance, then carefully lifted up the window and said, “What are you doing? How did you manage to climb up here?”
A mischievous gleam lit up Hiawatha’s eyes as he said, “Your father’s ladder.”
Then Clementine noticed the ladder wobbling precariously under his weight. “I’m so glad to see you. Does anyone else know that you’re here?”
“No, I snuck away before anyone could see me leave.”
“Good. Hurry and climb down, and then I’ll climb down after you.” Clementine waited at the window, watching as he descended the wooden rungs. Once he’d made it to the darkness of the ground below, he held the ladder steady as she eased herself out the window and climbed down, and met him in a kiss. When they broke apart, Hiawatha said, “Now are you going to tell me what’s gotten you so upset?”
“Is it that obvious?”
“Only to me –” He cupped her face in his hands. “I could see it from the first moment I saw you through the window. You forget, yellow flower, how well I know you.” Before she could answer, he turned his attention toward the cabin and said, “Is that your stepmother crying?”
Clementine placed a steadying hand on his arm, and said, “Let’s not talk about it here. Take me to The Falls and I’ll explain everything there.”
Holding hands, they left the cabin and hurried into the forest, and from a distance appeared like two shadows swallowed up into the night.
It was only after they’d come to their destination, and were lying in the field of wildflowers beside the dark expanse of water, with her head resting against his chest, that Clementine told him about the trip into town, and the subsequent miscarriage suffered by her stepmother.
The young lovers stayed the night there together. Clementine returned to the cabin just before dawn and used the ladder to climb back up into the loft, blew a silent kiss down to Hiawatha, who stood on the grass below her window and promised to return the following night. Clementine lingered there at the window, a smile playing on her lips as she watched him fade back into the woods.
The miner remained awake for the entirety of the night. The tortured cries that came from the next room were impossible to ignore. He was regretful for his new wife and the devastating loss she suffered, and wondered if there was anything he could have done differently, but in actuality he knew that there was nothing he could have done to prevent the tragedy from taking place, any more than he could have prevented his first wife, his beloved Suzanna, from disappearing out of his and Clementine’s life forever. He felt a stab of guilt for thinking about Suzanna at a time like this, a time when his new wife was in such torment. But it was times such as this that he was forced to confront the truth that he didn’t love Bella. And it was still Suzanna, always Suzanna who was in his heart.
He’d tried on a few occasions throughout the night to offer comfort to Bella, but she refused all solace and instead demanded to be left alone just as she had before. He was secretly relieved by this, which in turn made him feel ashamed to realize that, far from sharing in her grief, he instead felt revulsion for what she held in her arms. Clinging to it, as if it were still a living thing, their unborn, dead child –
There was a feverish insanity in Bella’s eyes, as she spent the next two days rocking a child that no longer had life in it. There was nothing either Clementine or the miner could do to console her. Bella refused to speak and scarcely ate. Black circles underscored her eyes from lack of sleep, making her appear more dead than alive. During this difficult time, Clementine took on all the household duties of cooking and cleaning.
Meals, that once were a cheerful occasion of light easy banter, were now punctuated by a gloominess that had settled over them all like a heavy blanket. Clementine and her father ate their meals in silence, while Bella sat at the far end of the table, nibbling at her food, refusing to speak and instead watching them with eyes that were dark and hollow, almost as if her will to live had died with the child.
But it was her thoughts that kept her from taking her own life. She was stirred with emotion every time she looked at the miner and his daughter, and that emotion wasn’t love – but rather it was hate. Bella had been numb for a time, then once her initial shock and hysteria had passed, gradually she started putting together the sequence of events on that day, kept running them over and over again in her mind, trying to understand how it all happened, how everything had gone so terribly, terribly wrong. And when she did this, the conclusion Bella came to was that the cause of her miscarriage had been the wagon ride – a wagon ride that wouldn’t have happened, had it not been for Clementine’s and the miner’s insistence. In Bella’s mind, it was they who were the sole cause of all the anguish and loss she now suffered.
With each passing day she became increasingly enraged, watching how the miner and his daughter casually resumed their lives as if nothing had happened, while the small life that had once flourished inside her belly now rotted just a few steps away from where they all sat. Her precious baby was something she couldn’t bear to part with. Couldn’t bear to lay it beneath the cold, unforgiving ground. It didn’t seem proper somehow. So instead, she kept her child – a little boy – in a bottle full of fluids to keep the body preserved and stop any further decomposition. This bottle with its precious contents was something she kept in the cradle, which she insisted remain next to their bed at night, and during the day she’d gotten into the disturbing habit of bringing the cradle with the macabre occupant out into the living area, where she would routinely sit beside it, gently rocking it.
The horror and alarm Clementine and her father felt at seeing this, was obvious in both their faces. It was also obvious that they thought her insane – and maybe she was, but such a thing made no difference to Bella. The only thing that now mattered to her was the one thing she would never have, the one thing that was lost to her forever – her child.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Unable to endure yet another morning spent in the cabin with the miner and his daughter, listening to their endless prattle about frivolous things, things that no longer had any meaning to her since losing her child, Bella remained sullen and quiet. Still wearing her nightgown, she hadn’t bothered getting dressed for the day.
Ignoring the questioning looks given to her by both the miner and his insufferable brat of a daughter, Bella had no sooner taken her last bite of breakfast than she abruptly got up from her place at the table, grabbed the empty bucket that sat near the stove, and disappeared out the door, the fresh air immediately hitting her face.
It was maddening how they always watched her as if they were constantly unsure about her mental state, and even more torturous to have to sit there, day after day, listening to their easy light banter about what dance was to be held next, and how Clementine’s studies were coming along, and what new thing did she learn today in school?
It was all too much.
The miner only cared about his precious Clementine, and seemed to give no thought to the child that Bella lost. He’d no right to be so joyful and carry on with life as if nothing bad had ever happened. She saw the look of horror and disgust that filled both his and his daughter’s eyes every time they caught sight of the bottle that contained the fetus.
Good. Let them be horrified.
It was, after all, their fault that she miscarried to begin with, and she hated both of them because of it. It never would have happened had it not been for them, and their choice to go into town that day. As if those stupid yellow slippers and dress were so important that they couldn’t have waited. Although the miner had never said it, more and more she suspected that he regretted having ever married her. Let him have his regrets. What did it matter? One regret for him was nothing compared to the lifetime of misery she’d suffered.
Bella sat by the water’s edge as she’d always done as a girl, and gazed out at the glimmers of early morning light that reflected on the water’s vast surface. After a while, she got to work filling the bucket. By the time she returned to the cabin, the miner had already left for work, and Clementine was off for the day as well, leaving her in solitude. After washing the morning dishes and putting the cabin back in order, Bella took out the bottle that contained the fetus, and cradling it like a living child, sat down by the fire and began to hum as she rocked.
Around noon, Bella decided to go to The Falls again. Only this time she wanted to stand at the very top of it, and feel the spray from the water as it burst out from the earth, and roared into the lake below.
Bella drew in a cleansing breath as she finished the walk up to The Falls, and standing near to the precipice, closed her eyes, feeling the mist rise up from the plummeting cascade of roaring water. It had been years since she’d gone up to the very top of The Falls, in fact she hadn’t been there since the accident.
The accident –
Oh, why did she have to think about all that right then? Didn’t she have enough on her mind with the loss of her baby? Did she also have to be revisited by such a horrible day as that?
After so many years that had passed, she still was unable to put the guilt of what had happened that day behind her. Because no matter how much she tried to tell herself it was an accident, she could never truly forgive herself for not being the one who perished that day.
Bella was about to leave when a voice rang out sharply from behind, and stopped her. “I thought I might find you here.”
Bella whirled around to see Clementine, her yellow ringlets catching fire in the sunlight, standing there watching her.
“How long have you been there spying on me?”
“I found this.” The young woman reached into her satchel and pulled out Suzanna’s pendant, the one that had fallen from her neck the day she died.
Bella was momentarily speechless.
Clementine moved steadily toward her and louder this time said, “This is my mother’s pendant. I remember she had it on the last time any of us saw her. How did you get this?!”
Unable to keep the surprise out of her voice, Bella said, “Where did you find that?”
“In your dresser drawer,” said Clementine, a hint of accusation in her voice.
“Have you said anything to your father yet?” She felt tension gather throughout her body.
“Not yet, but when he gets home he’ll know everything. I’ll tell him the truth about you.” She studied Bella’s face through narrowed eyes. “What was it? Did you think that because you looked like Mother you could have her life, could be her?
“No, no, of course not.” Wiping at the gathering mist on her forehead, Bella tried to quell her growing panic.
“You’ve – you’ve been going through my things?”
“Yours?” Clementine thrust the pendant and chain that was still clasped tightly in her hand at Bella and through her teeth said, “My mother’s, you mean. You killed her, didn’t you? Let me guess – you saw my mother one day in town, and followed her back into these woods where you killed her, then stole this necklace. You saw the physical resemblance you shared with her, and after letting a few years pass you conveniently met my father, made him believe you were carrying his baby, and then you obligated him into marriage.”
“Don’t talk about my baby!” screamed Bella.
“There was no baby when you first showed up claiming to be with child. You forget that I already caught you in that lie. My only mistake was not telling my father about your deceit then!”
The young woman was yelling now, shouting out accusations, saying terrible things about her.
“Please, you don’t understand. That’s not what happened. I never killed your mother, or at least I never meant to –” Bella broke off the rest of her sentence, realizing too late that she’d already said too much.
“Didn’t mean to?” Clementine took an involuntary step back and regarded her with wide startled eyes. “I knew it! I knew you were no good. And soon Papa will know it too!”
Desperate to try and reason with her, Bella lunged for the young woman and caught her by the arm. “No! You can’t do that because I did nothing wrong. You don’t understand, just let me explain myself. I found the pendant lying on the ground. I only wanted to keep it safe, that’s all.”
Clementine gaped at her in growing horror, and slowly shook her head, still struggling to get free from her grasp.
Refusing to release her, Bella held Clementine fast, drawing in ragged breaths from the effort, and said, “I can explain everything, just give me a chance.”
Reaching out and striking her, Clementine broke free, and said, “You’ll have plenty of time to explain all of it on the gallows. You’re a murderess and a liar and I’ll see you hang for my mother’s death!”
Clementine was about to leave when Bella chased after her and dragged her back. In the ensuing struggle, the two women ended up dangerously close to the edge of The Falls.
Clementine fought to escape with the pendant, and Bella fought to try to make her stay, at least long enough to convince her of her innocence, that her mother’s death had been an accident. Finally catching Clementine’s wrist in both her hands, she was able to pry the pendant from Clementine, who tried to grab it back. Without thinking, Bella reacted by shoving Clementine, forgetting all about the sharp drop-off. She reached out to try to catch her, but it was too late. Giving a scream, she watched her stepdaughter, with her long yellow hair that was so much like Suzanna’s and full yellow skirts billowing out around her as she fell backward before disappearing into the plummeting rush of water below.
Clementine’s screams faded into the roar of the waterfall. Standing there shivering, her dress and hair damp from the spray of water and rising mist, Bella looked down at the pendant and chain that were still clasped in her hand, and said, “Just like Suzanna…”
Just like Suzanna!
She rushed over to the edge and once again was reminded of her sister Suzanna, and the way she’d looked right before she’d fallen to her death. And just as it had been with Suzanna, Bella’s eyes had also locked with Clementine’s for the split second right as she was falling. Peering down at the plummeting drop, Bella flung the chain and pendant into the rushing water, then sank to her knees and quietly wept.
Bella stole back to the cabin, being careful to keep herself hidden within the tree line. She couldn’t risk even the slightest chance of being seen by any passersby no matter how unlikely. The miner was still at work in the mine, giving her enough time to concoct a plan. Safely back inside the cabin, Bella slammed the door shut and, still winded, she remained leaning against it long enough to regain control of her breathing. Her eyes roamed wildly throughout the room and she remained there a beat longer, then flew to the oval mirror that hung on the far wall, and redid her hair, making sure there was no trace of the struggle, then slipped free of her damp dress and changed into a dry one. Since the miner had left when she’d been in her nightgown, he’d never realize she switched dresses. Finally, once she was satisfied with her appearance, Bella stepped out of the cabin, being sure to pull the door closed behind her, and drawing in a steadying breath, took off toward The Falls to complete the last part of her plan.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
The waterfall plummeted into the expansive lake. Tall mountains ensconced all sides of the waters and lush meadow, making everything look picturesque. The sky was a pretty clear blue, and the sun shone brightly on the grisly scene below.
Floating face down in the crystal blue water, Clementine’s long, yellow ringlets splayed out around her. Clad in her favorite yellow dress and slippers, she was just as beautiful in death as she was in life. Bloodcurdling screams punctuated the midday calm, and brought out the men who'd been hard at work in the nearby mine.
Clementine’s father was the first of the group of men to see Bella, who stood in the meadow screaming, her gaze on something in the water. It wasn’t until he looked at what was in the water, that he understood the reason for her screams.
Crying out in alarm, the miner dove into the lake and pulled his daughter’s body from the water, and worked tirelessly to revive her, unwilling to accept the unacceptable, that she was gone. Bella wrung her hands, and looked on helplessly as the rest of the men gathered around. Finally when it became evident that there was nothing more he could do, the miner held his child in one last embrace, and kept saying over and over again, “My little Clemmie is gone! Oh, dear God, my Clemmie is gone!”Clementine’s arms dangled lifelessly at her sides, and her head fell back, eyes fixed unseeingly up at the sky. A low, strangled moan escaped his throat as he rocked back and forth, still clutching tightly onto his daughter.
Later that same day, a coffin was hastily constructed and Clementine’s body was laid down into it. The miner was inconsolable, and he refused to leave her side. Bella had asked if he wanted her to sit with him, but he refused the offer for company, saying that he wanted to be alone. A burial had been planned for the following day. As she walked away, she could hear the miner’s broken sobs.
When darkness fell and the miner still hadn’t returned home, Bella fetched the local physician, who lived a short distance away, hoping that he could try to calm him. The older man came right away, and just as she said he would, he found the miner keeping vigil near the coffin.
After expressing genuine sorrow for the miner’s loss, the well-meaning doctor offered him a canteen of whiskey. He took long swigs of the offered drink, never realizing that it was laced with a sleep-inducing substance. Remaining there at his side, the doctor listened as the miner talked about Clementine when she was an infant, and the joyful years spent raising her. The more he drank, the more slurred his speech became, until he was stooped over on the ground snoring. The doctor, with assistance from some of the other men from town, carried him to the cabin, where Bella was anxiously waiting. After having directed them to lay him on the bed, she bid them goodnight, thanking them for their help, then quietly closed the door behind them. She settled down in the rocking chair by the fire, silent tears forming in her eyes, knowing that the secret she harbored could never be revealed to another living soul.
Later that same night, Hiawatha returned to The Falls, expecting to find Clementine there waiting for him, but what he found instead was a lone coffin, and he was overcome with a sense of foreboding. He moved forward toward the coffin, and when he lifted away the lid, saw the lifeless body of his beloved.
Screams that he didn’t recognize as his own ripped from his throat, and he felt as though he’d gone mad with grief. What could have possibly happened? Who could have done such a thing? It was just the other night that he’d seen her. They’d embraced, standing right where he now stood over her dead body. Sure she hadn’t died from natural causes, he lifted Clementine out of the coffin, her body stiff and cold. Gathering her to him, he sobbed into the yellow tresses that he’d loved so much. It was then after he’d wiped away his tears, that he saw the inscription by the pale moonlight. It was carved into the side of the coffin, and read, Oh my darlin, sweet Clementine. You are gone and lost to me forever. For you have fallen into the waters so deep, and the lake has stolen your final breath. Alas, I couldn’t save you. In loving memory of Clementine, a miner’s daughter.
Unwilling to lower her back down into the cold, dark coffin, and unable to go on living without her, Hiawatha quietly came to a decision. The inscription made by the grieving father left no doubt as to the cause of her death. There was no revenge to get or to be had. No person or beast had harmed her, but instead it was the crystal blue waters, the waters that both he and Clementine had found so deceptively serene and beautiful. It was a place they both loved, a place that was sacred and special to them, and had even brought them together, and cruelly was now the very thing that separated them.
Carrying her over to the water’s edge, he pressed his lips against hers one last time, then lowered her into the lake. Clementine’s yellow tresses splayed out beautifully around her deathly pale face, and he caught one last fleeting glimpse of her before she disappeared into the blue depths.
Letting out a rage-filled scream, he shouted down at the swirling waters, “Our love is the kind that will traverse time and space. I would gladly leave this life and live another if doing so would bring my Clementine back to me. If the gods have seen fit to take my beloved flower then they must also take me as well!”
When these last words were uttered, he was about to join Clementine in the deep, swirling waters, when a low growl came from behind. Carrying no weaponry on his person, Hiawatha picked up a rock from the ground and swiveled around, ready to throw it at the snarling beast that stood before him. If he was to die then he’d do so with honor, by taking this creature with him. The wolf was covered in fur as black as night, that shifted like a moving shadow, but it was the eyes, one pale blue and the other red, that stood out to him the most. This was the monster that had killed his parents so long ago, and was the same beast he’d spent his whole life searching for, and now here this massive creature was, returning to him of its own volition. It seemed fitting somehow that he should meet his mortal enemy in the last moments of his life. He gave a silent thanks to the gods for allowing him a warrior’s death, and to be given the chance to exact his revenge.
Growling, the animal moved with deadly purpose toward him. Meeting the creature’s stare, he and the massive wolf slowly circled one another. Right when he was about to throw the rock at the beast’s head, Hiawatha lost his footing on the slippery rocks and fell to the ground. There was a painful hit as his head connected with the hard earth.
Everything became hazy and dream-like. The red and pale blue of the creature’s eyes bored into his own, as the beast stood over him. Its snarling growls filled his ears, but he felt strangely calm. The animal was about to tear into him, when something grabbed its attention, causing it to turn its head in the other direction, then giving one last growl, it bounded off.
Convinced that the creature would return, Hiawatha tried to turn his head to see what was happening, but the effort proved too much, and so he lay there, resigned to his fate, expecting at any second to feel the animal’s sharp fangs sink into him. Instead, he heard the sound of familiar voices and approaching footsteps hurrying toward him. The painted face of a warrior hovered above him, before total blackness shut everything out.
Unsure whether he was alive or dead, Hiawatha remained in a dream-like state. Feverish images flashed through his mind. Clementine stood on the precipice overlooking The Falls. Her long hair and the heavy yellow skirts of her dress blew out around her in the wind. When she turned to face him, there was sadness in her eyes. In slow motion, she whispered, “Goodbye…”
Realizing then what she had planned, he ran forward to try and stop her, but it was too late. Clementine calmly turned to face the steep drop, held out her arms and fell forward. He watched in horror as she disappeared out of sight and into the frothing waters below.
He was about to jump in after her, when everything changed. Although he was still standing at the top of The Falls, he was no longer at the very edge of the precipice, but was a safe distance back. Dense vegetation and towering trees, three times the normal size, covered the area. Indentations of something large covered a muddy patch of ground a short distance away. Hiawatha was about to walk over to get a closer look at the prints, when the earth under his feet began to quake. He darted behind a large boulder to conceal himself from whatever was approaching. The enormous body of a wooly mammoth came into view. The creature swung its trunk up toward the deep blue heavens and gave a deafening screech. There was a visceral quality to it, and it sounded like something between a scream and a roar. He remained crouched low to the ground, and watched as the ancient beast ambled away and disappeared into the overgrown forest.
Hiawatha was about to leave his place of hiding, when a young Indian maiden came into view. Her clothes were of ancient style, and her shiny black tresses were so long that they nearly touched the ground. The beautiful features of her face betrayed none of the fear she might have felt, as she ran toward the precipice, then when she reached the edge, came to a sudden halt.
Without ever having moved of his own volition, Hiawatha found himself standing on the precipice once again, the same place where Clementine had stood right before she’d jumped to her death below. Only this time it was this mysterious young woman who stood at the very edge, her back turned to him, and her long black tresses whipping out around her in the wind. Understanding her intentions, he went to stop her, but before he could grab hold of her and bring her back from the edge, she whirled around to face him, her large eyes a startling lilac color.
Alarmed by what he saw, Hiawatha fell back, his gaze still fixed on the mysterious woman who continued to pierce him with her uncanny stare. He realized then that the woman hadn’t been looking at him at all, but instead was staring past him – no, right through him, to the dire wolves that came barreling ever faster toward the precipice where they both now stood.
He knew what she had planned, could almost read her thoughts. She would sacrifice her own life to save those of her people. He understand then that he wasn’t a part of this ancient world with its lush landscape and prehistoric giants, but was there only as an observer, a lone witness to this young maiden’s bravery.
Right as the snarling beasts came upon her, she leapt from the precipice and plunged the long distance down into the dark blue waters of the lake below. Unable to come to a stop in time, the giant wolves flew off the cliff and followed her down into the deep waters. Hiawatha watched as the last beast followed the rest down to its death.
Mist, blinding and all-consuming, rose up to cover everything in its path. No longer was there solid ground beneath his feet. He could feel the rush of wind, and the dizzying sensation of falling, then came an icy cold hit as his body plunged into the deep waters of the lake. Swimming his way to the surface, Hiawatha burst up from the water in time to see the Indian maiden climb into the cavern that was hidden behind the waterfall. The wolves had survived the fall as well, and leaped through the curtain of running water, into the cave after her.
Once again, everything changed for him in dizzying speeds, as if he were in an ever-changing setting of landscapes, and had no knowledge of how he got from one place to another.
The air was dank and stifling, darkness was all around him. No longer was he in the lake, but standing in the cave. Somehow, despite the inky blackness, he was able to keep both the young woman and the wolves who pursued her, in his sight, and what he saw he couldn’t explain, not even to himself.
Flashes of blinding light enveloped both the woman and the wolves, creating bursts of color. The maiden’s long, silky black hair turned to shimmering silver and wound its way around her, becoming fur as her body shifted from human into that of a great silver wolf. The silver beast burst through the prisms of color the running water had become, and landed on the grassy meadow beyond. The attacking wolves also underwent a miraculous transformation as they leaped through the same curtain of running water; their bodies took on the appearance of black shadow, and their eyes shifted to a glowing yellow, save for the leader, whose mismatched eyes, one red and the other pale blue, were all that made it stand out from the others. They’d broken through the barrier of time, the very thing that caused the dramatic changes to their physical appearances.
The scene then shifted to his mother, who appeared at his side, clasping his hand in hers. Hiawatha tried to speak but found that his voice was no longer his, but had been stolen. He was in a large tepee, and his mother was desperately trying to tell him something. At first her voice was so quiet that he could scarcely hear or make out her words, but as she spoke her voice became louder as she said, “You will go on a long and dangerous journey. You must be careful of the shadow wolves…”
His mother and the tepee then vanished, and he was back inside a cave. The rhythmic beat of drums and the rattle of a snake filled the space around him. Light from a fire flickered against the walls of the cave. The painted face of an ancient warrior dressed for battle hovered above him. The warrior chanted and danced around where he lay, performing a sacred ritual of some kind.
The images and sounds faded and he was alone. The walls of the cave shifted to sheets of running water, and then came the hiss of a snake. The hissing echoed off the floor and walls of the cave, and cut through the sound of running water. Fear slid up his spine and caused the muscles in his stomach to tighten, but he was unable to move and remained helpless to defend himself against the slithering creature whose hiss filled the cavern. The long shadow of a serpent slid along the ceiling and walls.
His eyes moved frantically in all directions, searching for the approaching threat, and then he saw it. The powerful rope-like body of a giant serpent came into view. It remained poised above him, as if ready to strike. Its green eyes glowed back at him through the soft flickering light. Brilliant green scales that shimmered in many shades, from the deepest green to the most pale, covered its long body that seemed to have no end.
Hiawatha became mesmerized by what he was seeing, and followed the lithe body as it rose up to taller and taller heights, until reaching the overhanging rock ceiling. He stared up into the glowing green eyes of the serpent that grew brighter, until they appeared like fiery green embers. Terror mounted inside him and he broke out into a cold sweat all over.
In the distance he could hear the drums beating once more, mixing with the voice of his mother, her urgent words echoing in his ears, followed by Clementine’s whispered goodbye. The ancient warrior appeared again dancing and chanting over him, transparent like a ghost. Everything began to spin until darkness overtook him.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
1920
Distant voices from somewhere far away swirled above him. At first he couldn’t make out what was being said, but as he listened, the voices grew louder until it was possible to make out the words spoken.
“How much longer could he be like this?” asked the woman.
“It’s hard to tell. The best you can do is be patient and continue caring for him as you have been. The fact that he hasn’t lost his capacity to swallow and take in nourishment and water is a miracle in itself. There have been others in his condition that weren’t so lucky. Even some of the most unresponsive patients have awakened from their comas only to tell their loved ones later how much their presence had helped in their recovery. Whatever you do, try not to give up hope,” said the man.
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” said the woman.
“He’s fortunate to have you. I only wish that all the patients I saw had family that was as loving and attentive as you are with him.”
“Thank you for your kind words, but I’d like to think that any wife would do the same in my position.”
The conversation continued for a little while longer, before the voices became distant and he no longer could make out the words spoken.
What had she meant, when she asked how much longer will he be like this?
Before he had time to ponder this or any other question that might fill his head, he was pulled into a nightmare.
The air was as cold as it was stifling, and assaulted his senses with a suffocating sensation. Pitch black kept his surroundings hidden from him, but as he reached out tentatively, his hands came in contact with the rough, hard surface of a rock wall. There was something so familiar about it. And then as he took a few more cautious steps forward, the realization came to him that he was in a cave.
But why? What was he doing there?
The distant crash of water echoed to him from somewhere within or through the rock walls. Deciding to follow the sound in hopes that it would lead him out of the tunnel, he began to move cautiously through the blackness, and in the direction of the running water. But the longer he walked, the further he seemed to get from the promising sound he’d been trying so hard to reach, and instead only managed to go deeper into the empty void of cavernous black.
How was this possible? He’d been so sure that he’d been headed in the right direction.
The roar of the waterfall became fainter and fainter, until it was swallowed up by deafening silence. The sense of something visceral ebbed its way into his thoughts. Desperate to get back to where he had been when he first became aware of the water, he moved blindly through the darkness, but to no avail, no matter in which direction he went he couldn’t find his way back, and became even more disoriented and lost. Fear wound its way through his insides as the howl from wolves echoed throughout the rock walls, and came from all directions.
What was going on?
His eyes roved through the blackness, unseeing and desperate. Ice cold perspiration dotted his skin and trickled down his back.
In his quest to get out, had he stumbled across a den of wolves?
A frisson of fear traveled up his spine. His breathing came in rapid bursts, and he quickened his step until he was running. Deep growls carried all around him through the quiet, followed by a howling roar that reverberated off the rock walls, causing large chunks of the cave to fall in on itself. He was running, running away from the falling rocks and unseen monsters, and further into the seemingly never-ending labyrinth of blackness.
Yellow glowing eyes appeared all around him, forcing him to come to a stop. He was helpless to save himself as the monstrous creatures descended upon him. The fierce snapping of their jaws and low, guttural growls echoed in his head. Just as one of the beasts lunged out from the empty blackness at him, the sound of a woman’s voice brought him out of the blackness, and into a place somewhere between waking and sleeping.
“Jacob? Jacob, can you hear me? I’m right here.”
He recognized her voice as the same one he’d heard earlier.
“Shhh, it’s all right. You’re only dreaming. Nothing can hurt you.” He opened his eyes to see the face of a woman he didn’t recognize hovering above, staring down at him, as she continued to speak to him in gentle tones and said, “You’re safe now.”
Not understanding what she was referring to, but realizing that he must have fallen victim to an accident of some kind, he said, “What’s going on?” His gaze traveled through the room. “Where am I?”
“Home,” she said simply, then noticing the look of puzzlement on his face, she explained, “There’s a place not far from here, called The Falls. It’s a lake that was named after the waterfall that feeds into it. We had walked down to look at it when you slipped on the rocks, fell and hit your head. You were seriously injured, and for a time I was worried that you might not survive, but then thankfully as the days passed you began to show small signs of improvement. I’ve been caring for you ever since.”
Slowly pushing himself up into a sitting position, he said, “Who are you?”
“You really don’t remember, do you?”
“I can’t remember anything at all,” he said, honestly. He studied the woman of whom he had no memory, and saw that she was really quite beautiful. Long caramel tresses spilled down past her narrow waist, and her eyes, the color of burnt honey, were large and luminous.
Perched beside him on the bed, she reached for his hand, and clasping it in hers, introduced herself as Fiona, then in the next breath said, “I’m your wife. We’ve been married for a year now.”
Unable to hide his shock, he took in his surroundings, this time paying close attention to the ornate detail of the room, and said, “Then this is our –?”
“Bedroom,” supplied Fiona. “I thought it best that you were here at home in your own bed.” She stiffly stood and looked away as if to gather or hide her emotions, then turned to him and said, “I should leave you to rest. I’m sure the information I’ve given you is enough right now for you to process.”
He was about to protest but he knew she was right, and was surprised by just how weak he felt.
She stood at the door and watched him from the shadows that now hid much of her face. “I’ll bring dinner up when it’s ready.” Then as if sensing the unspoken questions that ran through his thoughts, she added, “Tomorrow, if you’re up to it, I’ll show you around the house, and answer any and all questions that you have.” Opening the door, she gave him one last look, then slipped out into the hallway.
His stomach growled at the mention of food, and when she brought up a tray of supper, he felt as if he hadn’t eaten in years. Despite the many unanswered questions that swirled around in his head, he fell asleep soon after, slept surprisingly well without the disturbance of unwanted dreams, and woke early the next morning.
Jacob. His name was Jacob.
At least he knew that much about himself. A small mirror hung on the far wall, and was a reminder that he’d yet to see himself. Getting up out of bed, he struggled to his feet, but found that his legs were wobbly and weak from disuse, making walking even a short distance difficult.
After trying multiple times, he was finally able to make it across the room to the mirror, and studied the reflection that stared back at him. Dark brown eyes and prominent cheekbones  were evidence of his Native American heritage. His hair was jet black, a shade darker than his eyes, and his complexion, a bronzed tan. He was still studying his reflection, when the door to the room opened.
“Oh. I’m sorry I didn’t realize you would be up so early.”
He turned to see the woman who’d introduced herself as his wife the day before, standing in the open doorway. “I thought you might like to wear these.” She crossed over to the bed and laid the clean clothes out over the rumpled blankets. “Once you’re dressed, come downstairs. There’s breakfast waiting at the table.” Then as if sensing his thoughts, she said, “Don’t worry, it’s easy to find. Just take a left, go down the stairs and you’ll be at the kitchen.” Fiona left the room, making sure to close the door behind her.
Over breakfast Jacob asked questions to which she readily supplied the answers. She explained to him the year was nineteen-twenty, they were living in Montana, and Rogue was the closest town.
Almost immediately after having taken his last bite of biscuits and gravy, he began to feel groggy and lightheaded. Jacob reached out and tried to steady himself against the table as he got to his feet. Despite his feeble protests, Fiona was at his side in seconds, helping him back up the stairs and into bed.
As soon as his head hit the pillow, his vision grew blurry. He could see Fiona’s face and the long, dark hair that framed it as she leaned over him. She was staring down at him, her lips were moving, but he couldn’t make out her words. Another figure moved into his line of vision and was standing beside Fiona, but appeared only as a featureless black shadow, making it impossible to know whether it was a man or woman. They were staring down at him, talking to one another.
The faint rise and fall of their voices floated to him, a jumble of meaningless words. In a matter of seconds, his consciousness was pulled downward into a deep sleep, and he was revisited by the same earlier nightmare. Again, Jacob found himself walking through the pitch black of a cave, only to have it start to collapse in on him, and then was confronted by the yellow-eyed beasts that leaped out from the darkness, their jaws open and ready to tear into him.
Bolting awake, his eyes flew open, and he at first thought, where am I? before remembering Fiona and everything she’d told him about the previous events.
The sun was already rising outside the window of the room that was beginning to feel like a prison of sorts. There was the sound of fast approaching footsteps coming down the hall. Closing his eyes, he pretended to be asleep. The footsteps stopped right outside the room, then came the sound of the door opening.
A voice that he knew to be Fiona’s broke the quiet. Thinking him to still be asleep, she said, “He believes we’re married.”
He believes we’re married…
So she really wasn’t his wife then.
There was a second person in the room with her, but they spoke in such a low voice that it was impossible to know what was said.
There was a slight pause, then in response, Fiona said, “Trust me, I have everything under control. Jacob’s not going anywhere.” The door was pulled shut, followed by the sound of retreating footsteps fading back down the hall.
As soon as he knew he was alone, his eyes opened.
Trust me, I have everything under control. Jacob’s not going anywhere…
What had she meant by that? And what exactly was she referring to when she said she had everything under control – him? And he especially hadn’t liked the last part. Jacob’s not going anywhere. It was time he found out what was really going on, and got some answers. Fiona had slipped something in his meal the other day to make him sleepy, he was sure of it. His vision was fine and his mind was clear, so whatever it was she’d given him had already left his system.
Slipping soundlessly out of bed, Jacob crept over to the door but when he turned the knob, found that it had been locked with a key from the outside. He thought about escaping through the window, when the sound of returning footsteps could be heard coming back down the hall, and stopping directly in front of the door to his room.
Holding his breath, Jacob remained motionless and listened to the sound of a key turning quietly in the lock, then waited as the door slowly opened. He watched from behind the door as Fiona slipped the key back into the folds of her dress and entered the room. She must have sensed something was wrong by the cautious way she moved over to the bed.
Silently coming up from behind, he pinned her arms down at her sides, catching her in a viselike grip around the waist, and in her ear whispered, “Is there anyone else in the house?”
She gave a quick, frightened shake of her head, and said, “What’s wrong? Why are you doing this?”
Tightening his hold, he said, “That’s something I think I should be asking you.”
Resignedly, she said, “What is it that you want to know?”
“Everything. And don’t try lying again. It’s too late for that. I heard what you said to the other person you came in here with.” Fiona tried to turn to face him, but he held her in place, and said, “Not so fast. You’ll first answer my questions.”
A hint of impatience crept into her voice, “And what would they be? Because I think I’ve told you everything. I don’t know how much more honest you expect me to be.”
“Try a lot more,” said Jacob.
Giving a short nervous laugh that sounded forced, Fiona said, “You’re not making sense right now. There was never anyone here, in fact this is my first time coming into your room. I think you just need more rest.”
Spinning her roughly around, he met her stare with his own and said, “Maybe I’ve gotten enough –”
For a breathless moment she searched his eyes with hers, then relented and said, “Fine! You want to know the truth, then I’ll tell you the truth!” She struggled out of his hold, then smoothing down her hair, took a step back from him, and said, “Why don’t we go downstairs and we’ll discuss this over breakfast.”
“The last time I did that, I didn’t wake up until the next day. So if you don’t mind, I think I’ll decline your generous offer,” he said dryly.
“Jacob,” began Fiona, “I am sorry about the other day, but at the time it was necessary.”
“That would only be necessary for people with something to hide. You keep calling me Jacob, but is that even my name?”
“Yes, it is.” Fiona then exhaled a long breath, and said, “Listen, if you don’t want breakfast I’m not going to try and force you, but I do. So if you don’t mind, I would very much like to finish this little inquisition downstairs at the kitchen table.”
“All right, but there better not be any more tricks.”
“No tricks. Promise,” said Fiona.
Jacob followed her out of the room and down into the kitchen, where sunlight was already streaming in through the large windows that filled the house.
Fiona brought coffee and a plateful of bacon and hot cakes over. Once she was seated across from him at the table, and after pouring coffee into both their cups, she said, “Well? What is it you’d like to know?”
“You can start by telling me, who the other person was that came into my room with you,” said Jacob.
A hesitant look came into her eyes, but then quickly vanished, as she said, “My brother, Frederick.”
“Your brother?”
“Yes,” Fiona continued to talk as she cut up a hotcake into bite-sized pieces. “The land and everything on it, including the mine, was left to us by our father.”
“What does all this have to do with me?”
“I hired you to find and capture the wolves that keep attacking and killing our cattle.”
With his interest now piqued, Jacob said, “I still haven’t regained my memory. What more can you tell me about myself?”
“That, unfortunately I can’t help you with. You were staying in one of the cabins we have on the property, and hadn’t yet been here a week when the incident occurred.”
“We barely know each other, yet you thought that lying, and telling me we were married was a good idea?”
Fiona nodded, took a sip from her coffee, and said, “I admit it was a mistake. I should have just been honest about everything from the very beginning, but I worried that you might change your mind about staying here. You see, you’re not the first to be hired on to catch the beasts responsible for killing off our livestock.”
Despite his better judgment that told him to leave, Jacob couldn’t deny his curiosity and said, “You say there were others – what happened?”
Fiona cradled the cup of coffee between her hands, and after a pause said, “I promised I’d be truthful with you, and that’s exactly what I’m going to be.” She held his gaze steady with hers. “Most left –”
“And the others?” he persisted.
“Vanished.”
“How do you know these others that you say ‘vanished’, didn’t just disappear on their own?”
“I don’t. Not really. They could have fled in a great panic, leaving all their meager belongings behind. Although it’s unlikely that any man would abandon his horse, weapons, and the other few possessions essential for survival out in the wilderness.”
“I see.” Jacob fell silent as he thought everything over, then looked at her and said, “And you’re worried that after hearing all this, I might leave.”
Leaning forward, Fiona searched his eyes earnestly with hers and said, “I don’t think you quite understand, I’m afraid you might remember what it was you saw right before you lost consciousness.”
“Then we weren’t together when the incident occurred as you’d had me believe?”
“You were alone when the attack happened. Frederick was the one who found you, and brought you back here to the house. Something frightened you so terribly that your mind won’t allow you to remember.”
“Maybe,” said Jacob. He didn’t bother telling her that he already had a pretty good idea of what he saw, that the memory of monstrous beasts with piercing yellow eyes closely resembling shadowy black wolves already haunted his dreams. Or that the frightening images that were forever burned into his mind only made him more determined to track down the creatures, even if he died trying. Not yet trusting this woman he knew so little about, he was careful to keep this vague remembrance to himself for now. “What was it that you gave me earlier?” Jacob regarded her with suspicion from across the table.
“Just a small bit of laudanum to help you relax. Nothing harmful,” said Fiona.
“If you meant no harm then why give me anything? Why not just tell me everything like you are doing now?”
“I was thinking of you. I thought you might need a few days to give your body and mind time to heal before we had this discussion. I didn’t want to overwhelm and tell you all this too soon, things that you may not have been ready to remember. Of course, if you decide you still want to stay, there’s a cabin not far from here. I had it fully stocked and made ready for occupancy upon your arrival.” Fiona emptied out the last drops of coffee from her cup, and said, “I suppose now that I have told you everything, this is where you politely decline and gather up your things and leave.”
“Actually, no. You’re the one mentioning leaving, not me,” said Jacob.
A fleeting glimmer of surprise registered in Fiona’s eyes. “If you’re going to stay, you’ll need to keep up your strength. And that’s something you can’t do if you’re going to persist in refusing to eat. This won’t work if you can’t trust me.”
Knowing she was right, and giving in to the hungry churning of his stomach, Jacob began taking bites of the hotcake and bacon she’d left out on the table for him. After he finished everything on his plate, Fiona cleared the last of the dishes from the table, poured each of them more coffee, then led him out into the main room where a large fire blazed in the hearth.
Taking in the expansive room with its large-paned windows, Jacob took note of how quiet the house was. “You said you have a brother, Frederick?”
Fiona took a sip from her coffee and nodded. “Yes, both our parents are dead. We’re the only family either of us has left.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. It must get lonely living out here so far from anyone else.”
“We manage all right.”
“Speaking of your brother, when will I get a chance to meet him?”
“The two of you will become acquainted soon enough.”
An expression that he couldn’t quite read fell across the pleasing features of her face.
“I look forward to visiting with him tonight over dinner. I’m sure he’ll have more to tell me about the wolves you spoke of earlier,” said Jacob.
“You’ll not speak to him of any such things,” said Fiona, before getting up from her chair to stand by the fire.
Puzzled over the abrupt shift in her mood, Jacob said, “If I’ve somehow offended you –”
She turned to face him and said, “No, it is I who should apologize. You couldn’t be expected to have known.”
“And what exactly is that?”
“My brother,” she paused, “well you see, he’s plagued by a certain madness, and prefers solitude to the company of others.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” said Jacob, wondering what kind of madness Frederick suffered from to cause such a sudden shift in her behavior.
“You didn’t.” Her lips stretched across her teeth in a tightly controlled smile. “I’d just prefer that we discussed him as little as possible.”
Sensing that there was much more to it than what she’d have him believe, Jacob resisted the urge to ask further questions about the brother she remained so secretive about, and instead listened with interest as she told a short history of the place, and spoke of her great-great-grandfather who worked in the mine very near to where his own beloved daughter drowned, and how the girl’s body was later discovered by her and Frederick’s great-great-grandmother, Bella.
As Jacob listened to the brief but tragic history of her ancestors, he began to feel a connection to them that he couldn’t explain, or even understand himself. He declined Fiona’s offer to stay another night in the main house, saying that he was well enough rested, and ready to start tracking down the elusive creatures he’d come there to find. She didn’t offer any argument, and instead showed him to the cabin where he’d be living and spending most of his time in the days and weeks to come.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
1840
A high whistling wind sliced through the chilly air. The lone teenage boy pushed forward despite the danger posed by being out in the forest at such a late hour. Twilight had colored the sky a deepening blue, gradually turning it black.
“Michael! Michael!” The start of panic had begun to take up residence inside him. He wanted to turn back, but first he had to find his little brother and bring him safely home. “Michael!” He stopped walking just long enough to wait and see if he’d get an answer from his brother, and when none came, he went deeper into the forest, and began to fear the worst. Inwardly he cursed his younger brother’s foolishness, but was too worried to stay angry for very long, and continued through the woods that became more densely packed.
The wind had picked up to a biting cold that whistled through the trees, and slapped against him. He was about to take another step, when a shout off somewhere in the distance caught his attention, and immediately he recognized the voice as belonging to his little brother.
“Michael, where are you?!”
Pausing, he listened for his brother’s reply, when a scream filled the air. Going into an all-out panic, he took off running in the direction of the scream, pushing aside branches and leaves that hit and scratched against his face and arms. After a short distance, he stopped to catch his breath and regain his bearings. He’d been so intent on following the screams, that he’d forgotten to pay attention to which direction he was going.
Turning a full circle, he looked up at the dark blue sky, dotted with stars that twinkled down at him, and the long dark shadows of branches that stretched out from the treetops. He was disoriented, and a new kind of fear filled him at the realization that he was lost.
Cupping his hands around his mouth, he called out even louder this time. “Michael!” But instead of being answered by his brother, he was answered by a howl that echoed in the forest all around him. The thought of wolves only heightened his anxiety, making him more panicked to find his brother.
“Wolf!” cried his brother over and over again.
Blindly running toward the sound of his brother’s voice, he shouted, “I’m coming! Just tell me where you are and I’ll find you!” But all he got in response was the same terrified scream, as his brother continued to cry wolf.
Finally, after a time spent running off in first one direction and then the other, his energy was spent, and he paused just long enough to catch his breath, when he heard the sound of giggling coming from all directions. His gaze darted to his surroundings, but all he saw were trees and darkness.
“Michael?” He took a step toward where it sounded like the laughter came, but no sooner had he done this, when the laughter started up in a different direction.
A prickle of fear traveled up his spine. “Michael? Is that you?”
His little brother had always been a prankster, but this was too much even for him. The laughter came to a sudden stop, leaving him in complete silence. He was about to walk in the direction where he thought he saw movement behind a bush, when a scream, shrill and piercing, came from behind, causing him to jump around.
There Michael stood, doubled over in a fit of laughter. “You shoulda seen yourself. You was right scared. Boy, that was fun!”
His initial fear vanished and turned to anger. “Michael! What in tarnation were you thinking?”
After getting his laughter under control, Michael said, “Aw shucks. I was just havin’ some fun, that’s all. Don’t be such a sourpuss.”
“Is that so? Well, you wouldn’t have thought it was much fun if’n a real wolf had got ya, now would ya?”
Kicking the dirt at his feet, Michael said, “Oh, it wouldn’t have. You and Ma just worry too much is all.”
“Yeah, well you know what Ma would have done if she’d been here. She’d have given ya a big ole paddlin’ right cross your bare hide. An I can’t say as I’d much feel sorry for ya either. I reckon if Pa were still alive he’d do the same.”
“Don’t be that way now. I didn’t mean no harm. You won’t tell, will ya?”
“Nah. I won’t. But you better not ever let me catch ya out here after dark doin’ such foolishness again – ya hear?”
Keeping his gaze on the ground, Michael said, “Sure. Sure I hear ya.” He was about to trudge past when his older brother stopped him, and said, “Wait just a minute.”
“What?”
“How’d you do all that?”
“Do what?”
“Howl like a darn animal, an make all them noises sound like they was comin’ from all different directions?”
Shrugging, Michael said, “Oh, that. Well ya see, that was easy as pie. Old man Winters taught me. It’s called throwin’ your voice, an makin’ folks think you’re in one place, when you’re really in a whole ’nother place. It’s great for hidin’. He even showed me how to howl like a real wolf.”
“What are you doin’ talkin’ to him anyway? You know that ole coot aint got a whit of sense left in that head of his.”
“Oh yeah? Who says?”
“Ma for one. And that’s all who needs to say.”
“You’re no fun, ya know that? Ever since Pa died it’s like you forgot how to even laugh.”
“I’d have laughed had it been funny. You just aint done nothin’ worth laughin’ at.” He stuffed his hands down in the pockets of his pants, cast a cursory look around, then cursed loudly.
Looking at his older brother in open disapproval, Michael said, “Hey! You’re not supposed to use the Lord’s name in vain. Ma would just bout die if’n she were here to hear ya talk that way.”
“Yeah, well, no thanks to you now, we’re lost. She probably will anyway when midnight comes around and we still aint home.”
“We aint lost.”
“Just how ya figure that?”
“Cause I know the way home, that’s how. If you’d ever quit bein’ so serious and spent more time out here exploring with me, then maybe you would too.”
“And if you weren’t such a dope in the first place, then I wouldn’t have had to come out here lookin’ for ya either.”
But Michael was no longer listening to anything his older brother said, and was already trudging ahead.
Scowling, he started after his younger brother, and the two of them finished the walk home in silence.
In the weeks that followed, Michael continued to hide out in the woods, and cry wolf whenever his older brother went in search of him, until eventually his brother no longer took him and his cries of wolf seriously.
The sun was out and the sky a clear blue, just as it had been for the past few days. And just as so many other times before, Michael had abandoned his chores early, and instead gone out to run and hide in the woods. As usual, his older brother was left to finish splitting and stacking the wood by himself, then as he’d always done before, went into the forest to find and retrieve his younger brother.
Only now, when Michael heard the sound of his brother’s voice calling out his name, for the first time, he meant it when he warned his brother to stay away, by crying wolf.
Safely situated on a high branch of a tall tree, Michael couldn’t take his eyes off the large, wolf-like creatures below. Their bodies were unusually long and muscular, and almost had the appearance of deep, black shadow.
They moved soundlessly, and gave no warning as to their arrival. He hadn’t even realized anything was there, until he’d been about to climb down. That’s when he looked and saw them. A dozen or more, encircling the tree, their yellow eyes staring up at him with a glowing intensity.
They wanted to eat him, and were patiently waiting for him to either fall, or climb down.
Well he wasn’t about to do either. That was for darn sure. He’d wait there for as long as it took, even forever if need be. He’d rather die of hunger than be killed by these monstrous beasts. Never before had he seen anything quite like them. They were wolves, yes, but different too. Their yellow glowing eyes, the sheer mass and shadowy look of their bodies, were unnatural and only terrified him more. The quiet, intent way in which they watched him was worse somehow than if they had been snarling and growling the way wild animals would. Their behavior was just as strange as their appearance.
His brother’s voice echoed up to him through the forest. “Michael! Michael!”
He’d been so focused on the creatures down below, that he’d forgotten all about his brother. With all the strength he could muster, Michael screamed, “Wolves! Wolves! Go back and get help!”
But his older brother wasn’t listening, and Michael could hear him laugh, the sound carrying to where he remained trapped high up in the tree. A new kind of horror struck him, at realizing that his brother didn’t believe him, and worse yet, was coming right to the wolves.
All the times that he’d cried wolf, never once had Michael believed he’d ever cry it and mean it. Now the one time when he needed to be believed, he wasn’t.
“Listen to me! Go back now! You have to listen to me! I’m not playing! Go back and get help!” Michael continued to shout out warnings until his voice was hoarse, but it was too late. The wolves turned in what appeared to be coordinated unison toward the sound of his brother’s voice. He watched helplessly from above as the wolves left their place at the tree, to take off through the forest in the direction of his brother.
A few nights later a small service was held. Michael stood next to his mother who wept quietly as the last scripture was read, then after everyone had left and his mother had gone back inside the cabin, the tears he’d worked hard at holding back came rushing out in a torrent of broken sobs. The guilt he felt for the death of his brother was something he carried within himself from that day forward. No longer did Michael go out in the woods to play as other children his age did, but remained cautious, and seemed to have aged many years.
A cautionary tale grew from this tragedy about a boy who cried wolf one too many times, and when he needed to be believed, he wasn’t. This was told to other children by Michael himself, who never got over the loss of his brother.
^^^
1920
Jacob awoke to a low growl coming from somewhere in the darkness. He felt disoriented, having momentarily forgotten where he was. His gaze was drawn to the bare window of the cabin, and the events of the previous days came back to him.
His breathing slowed and every muscle in his body tensed. It didn’t seem possible yet it sounded as though whatever animal it was, wasn’t outside but was inside the cabin with him.
There wasn’t time for him to think about how he would defend himself when it leaped up on the bed with him. How was this possible? How could something like this even be happening? He remained still and unmoving; his eyes automatically went to the door, thinking he might find it had somehow come open during the night. Perhaps he had been so exhausted before going to bed that he had forgotten to lock the door, and an animal had wandered in from outside, and was now steadily making its way up to where he lay.
By the sound of its growl and the shift in the mattress, he could tell it was a large animal, probably a wolf – an animal that embodied all his fears. With not enough time to react, Jacob kept his eyes trained up at the blackness above, fear itself rendering him frozen in a state of shock. In the next instant, the animal was on him, heavy paws weighing down his chest making it difficult to breathe. Sharp claws extended out and sank into his flesh, drawing what he knew to be trickles of blood. He could feel the warmth of it as it ran down his side and onto the sheets. The pain should have been searing, but he was numb to everything, his full attention was on the yellow eyes that glowed down at him. Yes, this animal that had him pinned down was a wolf – an animal of his nightmares, one that tormented him at night and haunted his waking thoughts.
The creature let out another growl, its muzzle pulled back in a snarl, revealing dangerously sharp fangs that glinted down at him from the darkness, and then just as it was about to rip into him it vanished into nothingness.
Jacob shot awake, his breathing coming hard and fast. He lay there staring up into the blackness. His eyes gradually adjusted and he was able to make out the interior of the cabin, just as he had in his nightmare – only this time he was truly awake and no longer asleep. It was just a dream – a nightmare, nothing more.
After taking the precaution of double checking the door and making sure the bolt was in place, Jacob slipped back under the covers. He was about to close his eyes when he heard a noise right outside the cabin door. Someone or something was out there, he just didn’t know whether it was animal or human. He didn’t have long to wonder, when even in the darkness he could see the door handle twisting. Someone was right outside and whoever it was, was trying to get in.
But for what purpose? To kill him? Or possibly there was something valuable in the cabin that he wasn’t yet aware of?
Leaving the bed, Jacob silently crossed over to the window and peered out but saw only blackness beyond. The twisting of the door handle stopped. Whoever it was must have spotted him in the window and left – or at least he hoped they had. He reluctantly returned to bed and tried to get what sleep he could before morning, but when he closed his eyes all he saw was the yellow eyes of the wolf glowing back at him. There was also the unsettling feeling that whoever had tried to enter the cabin hadn’t left but remained right outside, peering in at him, watching him sleep.
After a fitful rest of the night, Jacob awoke to sun streaming in through the windows of the cabin. Deciding to put to paper the vivid images of the wolves in his dreams, he pulled down the stairs, and climbed up into the loft. Rays of light flooded the spacious upstairs room. Taking a notepad and pencil, Jacob sat down at the wide window ledge and began drawing.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
1840
The miner awoke the next day to a great panic. He threw off the blankets and shook Bella, who lay sleeping beside him. “What am I doing here? Where is Clementine?!” When Bella didn’t answer right away, he gave her another hard shake and said, “Tell me, dammit! Where is my Clemmie?!”
Keeping her voice steady, Bella said evenly, “The doctor and some of the other men from town brought you home to our bed. You had fallen asleep in the meadow next to the coffin, and they, and I, were worried about your safety. There’s no telling what sort of wild beast could have come upon you.”
The miner released his hold on her. Getting out from bed, he crossed over to the table and slammed his fist down against it, and with his back turned to her said, “Goddammit! Doesn’t anyone ever listen to, or care about what I want?!”
Bella gave a startled jump, and in a quiet voice said, “I already told you. They were worried about you as was I. They’re your friends. They were only trying to help, that’s all.”
In a hoarse voice, the miner said, “They’ve never lost a child – much less their only child. What do they know of such things?”
Bella crossed over to where he stood, and in an attempt at bringing him solace, wrapped both her arms around him, and hugged herself against his back, and said, “Perhaps not – but I do, I know what it’s like.”
The miner whirled around to face her, and shoved off her embrace. His face was a contorted mask of raw pain, with a hint of reproach in his eyes. By the way he looked at her it was almost as if he hated her.
Bella fell back in surprise at what she saw in his eyes, but was even further shocked by what he next said, “You only had a miscarriage. The child wasn’t even yet fully developed before it was lost. You wouldn’t know what it’s like to devote years to raising a child, showering them with all your love. Always worrying about them, making sure they are kept safe, just to have some senseless accident take them from you. I failed Suzanna for not keeping our daughter safe, but most of all I failed Clementine.” He paused as he choked on a sob, then said, “When she was very young, I remember she’d always have these nightmares that she’d wake up crying from. I would always hold her until she calmed down, and then once her tears were dry, she’d look at me with eyes that were so much like my own, and she’d ask, Daddy, will you always keep me safe, even when I’m a big girl?” He drew in a steadying breath, then finished, “I always promised her I would.” The miner broke off into quiet sobs and left the cabin.
With tears burning at the back of her eyes, Bella stood at the window and watched him disappear from sight, shaken by his words.
The miner hurried to the meadow where the coffin was, but when he got there he found that it was lying on its side, empty. He then saw the large impression of a wolf print nearby. Giving an angry cry, the miner grabbed his gun and began searching the woods, intent on finding and killing the beast that had taken his Clemmie from her final place of resting. For he’d planned on burying her right there by the lake, beneath the wildflowers that she always loved so. But after an entire day spent out in the forest searching, he found nothing more of the beast that had been there, and was forced to admit defeat. This only added to the miner’s grief. With no body to bury, a eulogy dedicated to Clementine’s memory was held in the small white chapel on the hill.
That night while the miner and much of the town was grieving, Bella took the bottle containing the fetus, and slipped out of the cabin and down to The Falls. There was no doubt in her mind now about what had to be done. The words the miner had hurled at her, and the callous way he’d discounted their child, caused a cold rage to build inside her. And then there was first Suzanna’s and then Clementine’s accidental death, and the guilt that weighed heavily upon her. She hadn’t meant to, yet all she’d managed to do was destroy the lives of those around her. The reproach she’d glimpsed in the eyes of her husband was a reminder of how deeply he would despise her if he were to know the truth, that she was the cause of all his unhappiness. She paused only briefly to stand under a copse of trees while she slipped free from her dress, then folded it up neatly, leaving it there on the ground by the base of one of the trees.
Then with the bottle containing the fetus cradled to her chest, Bella walked purposefully toward the lake and the waterfall that crashed into it. Twilight had fallen, and the violet blue sky was highlighted with white puffy clouds that appeared almost ghostly as they gradually blended into the darkening sky. With her head held erect, and her shoulders squared back, there was nothing in her posture that hinted at what she was about to do, save for the tears that streamed down her face. Bella never hesitated or paused when she got to the water’s edge, but instead stepped down into the lake, and with the bottle still clutched to her chest, she immersed both herself and her child into the still waters. As she waded in ever deeper, the cool blue waters were almost to her waist, when the heavens opened and a deluge poured down from the sky. Cold drops of rain mixed with the tears that fell from her eyes. The plop of raindrops hitting the water filled her ears. But the chaos of the downpour didn’t change her focus, her single-minded determination to achieve the release only death could bring her.
Bella lowered the bottle with its delicate contents into the icy cold water, and said, “Goodbye, my little one. If wishes came true, I’d wish for the breath of life to be put back into you once more…”
She then watched as the undercurrents acted like invisible hands and whisked the bottle away. She was about to join her child by submerging herself into what would soon be her watery grave, when the calm waters changed into choppy waves that threatened to knock her off balance. It was all she could do just to remain standing, but it wasn’t the abrupt shift in the water that caught her attention, but rather what was happening there before her very eyes.
Water burst up from the midst of the lake like an enormous spout, shooting upwards as if to reach the sky, and formed the silhouette of a woman. There were no distinguishing qualities to her oval-shaped face, it remained featureless like the water she had come from, and she stood there like a shimmering, crystal-clear sculpture as if she’d been carved right out of the waterfall itself.
Wondering at what her eyes were seeing, Bella briefly considered the possibility that she’d gone stark raving mad. Perhaps the prolonged stress and grief had brought on the madness that now plagued her.
The air and water came alive all around her. A voice that possessed a sound like crashing waves on a windswept surf came to her on the rushing breeze. No longer did she believe herself to be imagining things, and she listened to the goddess of the water as she said, “You wish for your child’s return… but is that what you really want?”
“Oh yes, more than anything that’s what I want,” said Bella; her voice held a slight quiver to it.
The voice that emanated from the shimmering form of water shifted into what sounded like the shriek of the wind, and said, “Then know this – the child will not be as other children, but will possess the spirit of a wolf. And it shall live between two worlds. One human and the other animal.”
“How should I care for a child that’s so different?” said Bella, confused by what she was seeing and hearing.
The sculptured form of the woman began to sparkle and shimmer, until it shone with an unimaginable brilliance, yet remained translucent at the same time. “At the hour of midnight take the child out into the forest, the pack will be waiting. Do not be afraid of what you see or hear. The beasts will bring no harm to you, and the necessary nourishment will be provided.” A mere whisper swirled in the air then came to her ears, and said,  “Do this and the child shall be yours to keep.”
The woman’s form burst into a shapeless mass of water, and became a million sparkling drops that fell back into the lake. Lightning webbed across the sky, momentarily blinding Bella as the lake was lit up by electrical flashes, then came a low rumbling growl followed by a deafening clap of thunder. The thin cries of a baby broke through the sounds of the storm. A high-pitched whisper came on the rushing wind and water to rest in her ears: “Your wish has been granted…”
Bella looked on as the lake bubbled up all around her, and suddenly a perfectly formed baby boy burst up from the water, as if carried to her by invisible hands. Overcome with joy, she scooped the infant up, then left the water for the grassy meadow. Crooning, she gently rocked the infant that had fallen silent in her arms. She moved away from the worsening storm and the continuous sound of crashing waves as they battered against the sloping banks of the meadow, to the small copse of trees where she’d left her dress. Carefully laying the child down, she quickly slipped it on, then gathered the infant into her arms. A smile spread across her lips at the thought that this was her child. The darkness hid much of the child’s face from view.
Stepping out from the protection of the trees, Bella shielded the infant as best she could from the downpour, and stared down at the tiny form, all the while thinking how blessed she was to have received such a miracle. A streak of lightning shot across the sky, and lit up the infant’s face in harsh flashes of light. Bella gave a gasp of shock when for the first time she saw the eyes of her child, one a pale blue and the other the unmistakable color of red. The words said by the water goddess then came back to her.
The child shall not be as other children, but will possess the spirit of the wolf.
Perhaps the strange eyes were nothing more than a physical abnormality, the difference the water goddess had spoken of. Whatever it was, Bella no longer cared. All that mattered was the gift she’d been given, and she was sure that the miner would feel the same way. Perhaps the return of this second child would help him to cope with the loss of his first. The three of them would be a happy family, as he and Suzanna had been with Clementine.
Speaking to the child in soft tones she said, “You’ve come back to your mother. After all this time you’ve returned to me…”
Howling of wolves rose up to fill the night with their soulful cries.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
1920
Jacob lit a candle and spent the next evening alone in the cabin, where he fixed himself a simple meal from the provisions he’d found stocked in the cellar.
He still wasn’t sure that Fiona was being entirely candid about everything. His thoughts were still on the ominous dream he’d had a few nights before, and the equally disconcerting feeling that someone or something had been peering in at him through the window.
Either he was beginning to lose his mind, or something wasn’t right about this place, and his bet was on the latter. After having spent copious hours studying the map Fiona had left him, Jacob got up early the next morning and decided to see the town of Rogue for himself.
Taking one of the horses from the nearby stables that Fiona had left for his use, Jacob started off in the direction of town.
The woods were peaceful and the trip there proved uneventful. Right before entering into town, he passed a wooden sign with the words, welcome to Rogue, carved into it. Underneath was the year the town had been founded, dating back to the eighteen hundreds. A nail had come loose, causing the sign to hang off to one side. Jacob rode on past, then got off his horse, leaving the large animal in a nearby stable he’d come across.
There was an eerie, almost sinister feel to the town, and the further he walked, the worse that feeling became. It was so quiet, almost too quiet. Jacob hadn’t been walking long when the sound of a rattler grabbed his attention. He looked down at his feet, and froze at the sight of the snake a foot or so away from where he stood. He was careful not to make any sudden moves that might spook the wary and potentially dangerous animal into striking. The snake stared up at him for a short while, then once it was satisfied that he didn’t pose any danger, gave a final warning shake of its tail and quickly disappeared beneath a small opening under a wooden structure.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Jacob continued on his way, only this time being much more cautious about keeping a watch on the ground at his feet. Rogue comprised a wide dirt road, no doubt to accommodate the many wagons and horses that would have used it as a thoroughfare. A wooden walkway connected to the storefronts that lined either side of the spacious road. Everything appeared just as it would have in the eighteen hundreds, almost as if the town itself had remained frozen in a suspended state of time.
Where was everybody? Surely during the daytime like this, there should be at least a few others out enjoying the day, visiting and coming out of the variety of shops.
Once Jacob came to the middle of town, he walked in a slow circle, keeping the storefronts on either side in his line of vision. He cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted, “Hey! Is anyone here?!” He paused, waiting for a reply, but what he got instead was the sound of his own echo shouting back to him through the silence.
Jacob decided to enter one of the shops, and found himself standing in a room full of dresses, ribbons, and fabrics. Everything was set out neatly for display, and was covered in a thick film of dust. After taking his time perusing the shop and its contents, he left to look inside the rest of the wooden structures and found them all in the same condition as the first.
It was clear that the town had been abandoned by its former residents. It was essentially a ghost town. Why hadn’t Fiona mentioned anything about this to him when they’d spoken earlier?
Wanting to find out more about Rogue, Jacob got back on the horse and followed the same path he’d taken to get there. It was still afternoon when he got back. Once he’d returned the horse to its stable, he walked over to the main house to talk to Fiona.
As Jacob made his way up the front walk to the house, for the first time he noticed its peculiar structure, and the way in which it resembled a shoe. He’d had so much on his mind that he’d failed to notice this detail earlier. He had barely knocked when the door opened.
Fiona stood on the other side, and by the expression on her face she was clearly surprised to see him. “Is something wrong?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Tell you what?” asked Fiona, confusion in her eyes.
“About Rogue being a ghost town.”
Looking even more surprised, she said, “You went into Rogue?”
“Yes, I’d hoped to speak with some of the locals. I thought they might be able to tell me more about the wolves, and any experiences they might have had,” said Jacob.
“Why would you need to ask anybody anything? Don’t you believe me?” She stepped outside, searching his eyes with hers.
“I never said that. Look, you hired me to do a job, and that’s what I’m trying to do, but if you’re going to object to my doing that, then there’s no point to my being here.”
“No, I’m sorry, you’re right.” Fiona then opened the door and said, “Why don’t you step inside and I’ll make us some coffee.”
Jacob followed her inside, taking a seat in the main room. Moments later, Fiona walked out from the kitchen carrying a tray with two cups of coffee and a canister of cream balanced on top.
After setting everything down and getting situated in a chair opposite him, she said, “I’m afraid I overreacted. It’s to be expected that you would want to speak with some of the locals – but as you’ve now seen for yourself, there are none to speak with.” Fiona poured some cream into both their cups, then continued, “My great-great- grandfather, as I told you before, was very wealthy. He not only worked in the mines himself, but owned most everything in town as well. Eventually the mines that had supported almost everyone in and near Rogue ran out of gold, causing all but our family to leave. Most took only a few possessions, leaving everything else behind. My brother and I have since become the sole caretakers of what now is a ghost town. We do our best to preserve it, but as I’m sure you can imagine, keeping it maintained is costly and requires constant care. Care that we’re not always able to keep up on as much as we would like.”
“When you mentioned that Rogue was the closest town, I had just assumed that it was still populated,” said Jacob.
Visibly shivering, Fiona ran her fingers up and down her arms, and standing up, began to pace. “There are others – outsiders, but they live a distance away from here, and avoid Rogue and the rest of this area entirely. I meant what I said to you before, that my brother and I live in total isolation.” She then turned to smile at him, and sitting back down said, “I apologize if at any time I’ve seemed abrupt. It’s just difficult to talk about, is all.”
“I understand,” said Jacob, all the while wondering what more she might not be telling him.
Later on that night back in the cabin, Jacob extinguished the last of the candles he’d lit earlier, then got into bed, pulling the covers tightly up around himself. As he lay there, his thoughts returned to Rogue and the ghost town it had become, and to the conversation he’d had with Fiona. Jacob lay awake for a while longer thinking everything over. When he did finally fall asleep, it was to a disturbing dream.
There he was, standing on the edge of a grassy bank, with an expansive body of water before him. Behind him was an endless field of wildflowers that spread out and seemed to go on for an eternity. There was the feeling of nostalgia, as if he’d seen it all before. The moon was full in the cloudless night sky, and illuminated everything in a white sheen of light, making for clear visibility. Jacob found his gaze drawn away from the water and to the wildflowers, their petals a startling cobalt blue that glowed against the rolling green meadow.
It was then that he got the feeling of a presence in the water behind him. Startled by the uncanny sensation, Jacob whirled around, his gaze locked on the blond girl’s wide-eyed stare. Long yellow tresses splayed out in the water all around her beautiful face, giving her the appearance of a mermaid – only she was drowning. Her skin was a ghostly white, and her large cobalt eyes were wide with terror. She hit against the water frantically with her fists, but was unable to break the surface, as if the lake itself were made out of something other than water, something that couldn’t be penetrated.
In an effort to rescue her, Jacob dove in, but as he reached out to grab hold of her, the young woman’s eyes grew vacant as if she were already dead, and her full lips mouthed the words, “It’s too late…” It was then that he saw the outline of slender arms that surrounded the young girl’s waist, pulling her downward into a black, watery abyss. The girl with the yellow tresses disappeared from his sight. The image of the creature who just moments ago had been responsible for the beautiful young woman’s death came into view. She appeared to be part of the lake itself, and was coming right for him. Long white tendrils of hair shot out in all directions, and pale blue eyes full of malice stared up at him like glistening ice. Long arms extended toward him, and water-like fingers shot out to grab hold of him.
Jacob bolted forward, his heart hammering wildly in his chest. Pushing aside the covers, he got out of bed and felt his way through the dark to where the candles sat on the fireplace mantle. With trembling hands, he lit a candle, then held it up so that the warm flicker of light would travel throughout the cabin’s interior. He knew it was irrational, but he couldn’t relax or even think of going back to sleep, not until he was certain that he really was alone. Of course, after a thorough look around, he found that he was indeed alone. Save for his own night terrors and wild imaginings, there was no shadowy figure or malevolent force lurking within the darkness.
Feeling somewhat foolish, Jacob put out the flame, and returned to bed, but found that sleep still eluded him. Instead, he lay awake, mulling over his dream and the puzzling details. None of it made sense, but then again, dreams rarely did. Still, there was something so unsettling, so familiar about the yellow-haired beauty. His thoughts shifted back to Fiona and what she’d first told him, about how he’d been discovered lying near The Falls, unconscious. He’d yet to return to the place where, if he were to believe Fiona, he had come face to face with a wolf that was more monster than animal, the area he’d dreamt of, The Falls. And at least that much of what Fiona had said, had to be true. He had indeed seen the beast, how else could its glowing yellow eyes and dark shadowy form haunt his dreams? He’d put off going there long enough. It was time he returned to the very place where he lost his memory, where it all began. Perhaps revisiting the area where such a dramatic event had occurred would help him to remember. The dream, he was convinced, was a clue to his past. The Falls just might hold some of the answers he was searching for.
Not waiting for daylight, Jacob got dressed, left the cabin and started through the woods. Without having to look at the map or compass, he knew instinctively where he was going. And just as in his dream, when he left the forest and stepped out into the field of wildflowers, there was the feeling of deja vu, as if he’d been there before.
Deep blue flowers filled the meadow. The mental image of a young woman, her yellow hair done up in ringlets, clad in an eighteen hundreds dress, with the most striking blue eyes that matched the delicate blue petals, flashed through his mind. Jacob recognized her from his dream. The image was so vivid and clear, it was almost as if she were standing right in front of him. And then as quickly as it had come, it vanished, leaving him to wonder who the young woman was, and what she could possibly mean to him. There was a connection between himself and this ghostly image, but he could no more understand that, than he could anything else.
A shimmering expanse of midnight blue water spread out before him. As though in a trance, he walked toward it. He was drawn to the lake, and found it nearly impossible to resist. Despite the cool night breeze, he stepped off the lush green grass and into the dark waters. Everything about the lake seemed to beckon him forward, and he felt compelled to swim further and further away from the green meadows, and deeper into the sparkling waters.
Powerful undercurrents took hold of Jacob, and carried him out into deeper waters, much further than he’d ever meant to go, and before he had time to realize what had just happened, he found himself being drawn into an ever expanding whirlpool. Jacob tried to break free from the swirling undercurrents, but it was to no avail, and in the next second he was pulled under, completely submerged in water.
Struggling to reach the surface, Jacob began to panic when he realized that he couldn’t move, that the undercurrents themselves were holding him down. He was now frantic to escape, his lungs felt as if they were about to burst, and he knew that if he didn’t reach the surface soon and get air, he would die. Bubbles and vivid blue surrounded him. No longer was he at all sure which way was up and which was down.
Through his panic, the watery image of a woman took shape right before his eyes. The realization came to him, that there had never been any tide, that it had always been this woman, this murderous creature that had swept him so far out, and it was she who had a hold of him, and was dragging him further and further down to his death. The sea witch looked just as she had in his dream, and with a measure of horror he realized that she was the water. Spidery tendrils of impossibly long white hair shot out in all directions, but it was her eyes that captured his attention most of all, they were cold and piercing. The exact shade and color of ice. A cruel smile formed across her pale lips as she met his frightened stare. The serpentine body of a large snake rose up from out of the darkness beneath them. The green scales that covered it glowed brilliantly against the deep blue water, and it was coming right for him, and the monstrous creature that was so intent on drowning him.
The events that took place next happened in such quick succession that Jacob scarcely had time to process them. The murderous woman vanished back into water, and then the winding body of the serpent was coiled around him; this was followed by the sensation of being propelled up through the water at dizzying speeds. Jacob could feel himself slipping into unconsciousness, when he broke the surface and was lifted up out of the water and onto solid ground.
Dragging gulps of air into his oxygen-deprived lungs, Jacob remained lying there on his back, unmoving. Everything had grown hazy, and through the blur his vision had become, a large silver wolf came into view. Somehow he knew there was nothing to be afraid of, that the silver beast meant him no harm, but rather was there as a protection for him against something sinister and unseen that lay beyond, just out of sight. The startling lilac color of the wolf’s eyes was the last thing he saw before everything went black.
His eyes fluttered open to see Fiona hovering over him, she was saying something but he couldn’t make out what. Her voice sounded miles away, and gradually became louder as she said, “Are you all right?”
Fully awake now, Jacob sat up and saw that he’d been lying on the grassy bank of the meadow, the lake only a few feet away in front of him. Despite it being still early morning, the sun was already out. Warm rays beat down on him, and had already dried the water from his pants.
Wiping at his eyes, Jacob said, “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Looking concerned as if she didn’t believe him, Fiona said, “Are you sure?”
Getting to his feet, Jacob said, “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure.”
“Well, that’s a relief. At first I thought that you might have been hurt or worse. So what happened? You just fell asleep by the water?” Fiona started walking beside him.
“Yeah, I guess I did without meaning to.”
She watched him curiously and he could see the questions in her large amber eyes. Reaching out to touch his arm, she said, “You know, you can tell me if anything happened.”
Bits and pieces of the night before came back to him, filling his mind with vivid images. When he hesitated in answering, Fiona lowered her voice to a confidential level, even though there was no one else around to hear, and said, “You can trust me.”
You can trust me…
Something about the way she said this made him reluctant to tell her anything. Deciding to disclose only the partial truth, while keeping the more fantastic parts to himself, Jacob said, “I had some trouble getting to sleep and thought that a midnight walk might help. Also I remembered what you had said earlier about how I was discovered unconscious in this area, and I hoped that returning might help me recover some of my memory.”
“And did it?”
“No, but I did end up getting a good night’s sleep,” he said jokingly.
“Oh.”
Was it his imagination, or had he seen relief in her eyes just now?
After a beat of silence, Fiona said, “You were able to find your way to The Falls then, without getting lost?”
Being careful with how he answered, Jacob said, “Yes, my sense of direction is the one thing I didn’t lose.”
“I’m glad to hear that.” There was another pause before Fiona said, “I really have to get back to the house now, so I’ll leave you to the rest of your day. If there’s anything you need, anything at all, be sure to let me know.”
“I think I have everything I need for now,” said Jacob.
Fiona started to walk away, then stopped to look back at him. “I’m making a stew tonight. There’s going to be plenty if you would like to come over for dinner later.”
“What time should I be there?”
“It should be done by six, but you’re welcome any time.”
As Jacob went about the rest of his day, his thoughts kept returning to the disconcerting events. Had he really just gone out for a midnight walk, as he’d told Fiona, and simply fallen asleep by the edge of the lake, and dreamed up the fantastical events and images of his near death? Or had he in fact, really seen these creatures?
Whatever it was, whether a dream or something more, Jacob decided to keep the details to himself.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
1840
Bella cradled the child against her breast, and hurried back through the woods to the cabin in high spirits. The child she’d grieved for was no longer dead, but was indeed alive. Uncaring about the miner’s grief over the loss of his daughter, Bella burst into the cabin where the miner sat in the darkness, with the only light being the flames from a fire that burned in the grate. Without pause, she rushed over to where he sat. Presenting him with the baby, she said, “Look, husband! Our child lives!”
Giving a startled jump, the miner took his gaze from the shooting flames to the infant, and was dumbfounded to hear his wife excitedly recount the unexplained happening down in the water of The Falls. Once she finished telling him everything, beaming, Bella lowered the infant down into his arms, and said, “Here. You hold him for awhile. He is, after all, yours as well as mine.”
Staring down at the tiny infant that he now held in his arms, the miner studied the soft planes and features of the baby’s face by the flickering firelight. Everything about the child appeared ordinary, until he looked at the eyes. A jolt of fear went through him at the sight. The miner thrust the child back into Bella’s arms and said, “Take the child and don’t make me look upon it again.”
Angered over this, Bella held the infant protectively in her arms, and through her teeth said, “You’ll not only look at him, but you’ll accept him for what he is – our son.”
“This is all wrong. Can’t you see that? Take a look at his eyes – they’re, they’re unnatural. Just as his being here is unnatural.”
“I’ve seen his eyes. And what of it?” She jutted out her chin and eyed him defiantly. “So he’s returned to us with a physical abnormality. What does it matter? The only thing I care about is that I finally have my child, our son back.”
“But that’s just the problem,” began the miner, “if those waters were life-giving don’t you think Clementine would have been returned to us as well?”
“That’s what this is about – what it’s always about, isn’t it,” sneered Bella. “You can’t be happy with our child’s miraculous return, because it’s the wrong child. Admit it!”
“I can’t be happy about this because it’s not natural! That which is dead should stay dead. The child perished before it was even ready to be born. And by God it should have remained so!”
“You’re right, my husband, it’s not natural – it’s a miracle. A blessing bestowed upon us by the gods themselves!”
Stricken with fear by his wife’s refusal to see reason, the miner said, “This, this thing is no blessing but a curse! It’s a blasphemy against nature!”
“The only blasphemy here are the words coming out of your mouth. I’ll not hear one more word spoken against our child.”
“The words I speak are the truth, and that, whatever it is, is not my child.”
“It is your child as much as it is mine, and you’ll accept it as such.”
Unable to look any further upon her or the infant, the miner turned his back on them, and facing the fire said, “I’m sorry, but I cannot.”
Leaving Bella to spend the night caring for the creature,
the miner retired to bed, blew out the candle on the nightstand and went to sleep, unaware of the wolves that had gathered outside the cabin at the stroke of midnight.
^^^
1920
Jacob went to Fiona’s for dinner that evening, and by the time he left it was already starting to get dark. She’d filled some linen sacks full of extra provisions for him to take back to the cabin. Jacob was making his way through the forest with the bags in hand, when he felt rather than heard the intruder’s presence. His muscles tensed as he came to a standstill and slowly turned around. He half expected to see a wolf; Fiona had talked more that evening about the problems she’d had with wolves coming down from the mountains, killing her livestock. But instead Jacob watched as a man materialized from the deepening shadows of the forest. He was tall and scruffy in appearance, and looked to be around thirty to thirty-five years of age. Immediately Jacob knew that there was something about this stranger that he didn’t trust or like.
“Hhhhowwwwdy there. Got a name or should I just call you stranger,” said the man. His voice possessed a visceral quality, and the first part of his greeting sounded almost like a howl.
“Depends on who’s asking,” said Jacob guardedly.
The scruffy stranger assessed him through one narrowed pale blue eye, that in the fading light was beginning to glow, while the other eye remained hidden behind a patch.
He couldn’t possibly be seeing that right. No one’s eyes glowed, at least not human – but animal. Yes, this stranger’s eye resembled an animal’s. The pale, glowing blue color was the eye of a wolf. Jacob tried telling himself that he was probably just overtired and in need of sleep. It had been a long day, and a confrontation hadn’t been part of his plans.
He wasn’t scared. Although he’d lost much of his memory, Jacob instinctively knew that battle was something he’d been familiar with. It was the stranger’s eye that put him on edge, and the hungry way he now studied him, tilting his head off to one side and then the other.
Hungrily.
No, that couldn’t be right. He was definitely overtired and in need of sleep.
In a low growl, the stranger said, “Well, I’m asking, and in general when I ask a question I expect an answer in return.”
“I think you’d better go,” cautioned Jacob. He watched as the stranger with the glowing pale blue eye moved menacingly toward him until there was no more than a few inches separating them, then in a snarl said, “I think you’d better run.”
“I run from nothing,” said Jacob.
“What he means to say, is welcome to this part of the woods.” Fiona’s voice carried through the forest as she stepped out from the trees. Her slender form was backlit by the last of the fading light. “Go on home now, Frederick.”
So this was Frederick, the brother Fiona had mentioned but had seemed reluctant to talk about. Now Jacob understood why.
“It looks like it’s your lucky day.” Giving Jacob a cold stare, Frederick’s lips curled up into an unpleasant grin, then taking a step back, he tipped his hat and hissed, “Catch ya later.”
His pale blue eye glittered as he said this, again reminding Jacob of a look he’d seen before, not in the eyes of a human, but in the eyes of a rabid animal. Jacob stared at Frederick as he walked away.
Approaching, Fiona said, “I hope he didn’t say anything to scare you off.”
“He doesn’t bother me. I know his type,” said Jacob.
Had he really ever known his type? Yes, he realized he must have, but never in human form, but in the form of the shadow wolves that every time he closed his eyes, came alive in his dreams. Wolves that at one time he must have encountered. And despite his denial, Frederick and his cold blue stare did bother him.
“Good. I’m glad to hear that,” said Fiona.
Was she glad to hear that? Jacob wasn’t quite convinced.
She hesitated and in a lowered voice, said, “Before you go to bed tonight make sure the door to the cabin is locked.”
She disappeared back into the woods, leaving Jacob alone with those cryptic words repeating in his mind.
CHAPTER NINTEEN
1840
“And now you may kiss the bride!”
The blushing bride met her new husband in a lingering kiss, then waving goodbye to the crowd of well-wishers, they got into the stagecoach. The hired driver hit the reins and they were soon on their way down the heavily treed path, away from the small white church with its steeple, and toward the cabin that awaited them.
It was a journey that would take them the better part of the day and half the night. They were due to arrive at their destination by midnight. Holding hands, they visited the afternoon daylight hours away, making plans for their future and the rest of their lives. They were so busy enjoying each other’s company, that neither noticed when the sun sank low in the sky, and the moon rose up like a yellow glowing ball, illuminating the ground below and helping light their way down the path.
In the forest, black as pitch shadows darted from tree to tree. Slipping in and out of sight, to the casual viewer they were nearly impossible to see. A bluish, watery darkness fell across the forest, giving it an eerie feel to those unfortunate enough to venture by.
The newlyweds remained blissfully unaware of the danger  that now followed and closed in on them. Resting against her husband’s shoulder, the new bride was soon fast asleep, her thoughts full of sweet dreams. She awoke a short time later to the sound of howling that came from both sides of the forest. “What’s going on?” She snapped her head up to look at her husband.
Wrapping an arm around her shoulders, he pulled her close. “It’s just wolves – nothing to worry about.” He placed a kiss on the top of her head. “Just go back to sleep and I’ll wake you when we’re there.”
Comforted by his reassurances, the young woman rested her head back on his shoulder, and was about to close her eyes when the howling grew louder still, and for a time resonated all around them before falling silent once more. Sitting back up, she said, “It’s no use. I can’t possibly sleep. Did you hear them out there? They got so loud and it sounded so strange. I don’t think I’ve ever heard wolves sound quite that way before.”
“I think it was just the way it echoed through the forest. Sometimes things can sound different, especially here nestled between high mountains.”
Unwilling yet to accept this explanation, she lifted away the curtain to peer out into the passing darkness. “What do you suppose is happening out there?”
“What always goes on at night in the forest, I would imagine. Either way, I don’t think it’s anything you or I need to worry about.” He gave her hand a little squeeze as he said this.
Still looking out at the forest, her gaze was drawn to the trees, and the black shadows that ran through them, but whatever it was, was moving too fast for her to get a clear look at what the creatures were, or if they were creatures at all. The more she looked, the more the moving shadows appeared to be just that. Nothing but shadows and darkness playing tricks on her eyes. Still, there was something about it that bothered her. There was the distinct impression of things unseen running – no, leaping, at speeds that seemed impossible.
Sensing her anxiety, he said, “Here, take a break on staring out there, and come back over here and sit with me. Just a little while longer now and we’ll be out of this stretch of woods and in our cabin.”
Undeterred, she said, “Come over here and look out. It won’t take long.”
“All right, but would you please tell me what exactly it is I’m supposed to be looking at?”
“Just stare into the woods.”
He gave her an indulgent grin, then peered out at the passing forest with her.
When a moment of silence passed, she said, “There are black shadows moving through the trees, can’t you see them?”
He squinted through the darkness and tried to focus on what at first seemed to be nothing more than trees, but then as he stared longer, he also thought he detected strange movement of some kind.
His concentration was broken by his wife, when she said, “Well? Are you seeing anything yet?”
“I’m not quite sure. Just give me a moment.” Squinting harder this time, the shape of what appeared to be wolves, blacker than night, leaping and bounding through the trees at frightening speeds, gradually began to take form, but the animals, if indeed that’s what they were, were moving too fast and seemed to melt back into the darkness, leaving him with only a vague impression. Telling himself it was nothing more than an illusion created by light and shadow, yet still not fully convinced, he moved over to the other side of the carriage and peered out.
His new bride watched him in alarm, and said, “Tell me what it is you’re seeing?”
Keeping his attention on the forest, he said, “Shhh – I’m not exactly sure yet.”
What at first would have appeared to be nothing more than strange shadows, and perceived animal-like movements from branches and shifting light from the moon, became solid and real. With a jolt of fear he realized that he was seeing wolves – not just a pack but a swarm. Only these creatures weren’t wolves – at least not normal ones. They were much larger and faster than any he’d ever seen or encountered, and their bodies and the way they moved, appearing then disappearing in the shadowy blackness, almost as if they were a part of it, reminded him of shifting shadows.
None of it made sense, and it felt like something right out of a dream – a nightmare. Perhaps he’d somehow been mistaken, seen perfectly ordinary animals as something much more terrifying. No doubt such wild imaginings were brought on by the darkness itself and the deceptive shadows cast by large trees. Unwilling to believe what it was he’d seen, he abruptly turned from the carriage window and sat back against the seat, drawing in a sharp intake of air. What he had seen, no – he corrected himself. What he’d thought he’d seen had left him shaken, which was ridiculous. A grown man, and yet here he was still quaking in fear over imaginary monsters of the dark. Convincing himself that he hadn’t really seen anything, he straightened back in his seat.
“Well?” His wife gave him a questioning stare. “Tell me what you saw?”
“Oh. Nothing, nothing at all,” he lied.
She looked as if she didn’t believe him. “You were staring out there for that long – and you saw nothing?”
“That’s exactly what I did. I wanted to be sure I was seeing what I thought I was seeing – which, as it turns out, was nothing more than shadows from the trees.”
“But there are wolves out there – we heard them howling not that long ago,” she pointed out.
“Yes, that’s right, my sweet, we did – but such sounds are to be expected at such a late hour as this, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Yes, I suppose you’re right,” she begrudgingly conceded. She was about to peer out into the blackness again, when he stopped her. “Don’t waste any more time fretting over what sort of wild animals might be out roaming the forest at this late hour. There’s no use in it.”
Reluctantly agreeing to this, she scooted back over to him and rested her head on his shoulder. After a short lapse of silence, she said, “I don’t know.”
“About what?”
“About this feeling I keep getting that things aren’t right somehow.” Wrapping her fingers now around his arm, she said, “Something is wrong, terribly wrong – I can feel it in the air, sense it in my bones.”
“Nothing’s wrong and the sooner we get to the cabin, the sooner you’ll realize that.”
Relaxing her grip on his arm, she settled back in his arms and said, “I hope you’re right.”
“I know I’m right.” But even as he said this, his reassurances sounded hollow to his own ears.
Neither put into words what they both were thinking, and an uneasy silence settled over them.
Not wanting to cause his new wife any further alarm, he resisted the urge to peer out into the shadowy night, and reasoned that if indeed he had glimpsed real animals that posed any actual threat, surely the horses would have been spooked, but instead they’d remained, and continued to remain, strangely calm. His wife had been right about what she’d said earlier. There was a queer feel to the night, one that no matter how hard a person might try, could not be ignored.
An eerie, ghostly howl that penetrated the very walls of the carriage shattered the night.
She grabbed onto his arm. “What was that?” Her panicked gaze snapped up to lock with his.
“Just wolves. I think it’s actually rather romantic. Don’t worry, I won’t allow any harm to come to you.”
In truth there was nothing even remotely romantic about it, but he didn’t wish to frighten her any more than she already was by saying what was really on his mind. That he couldn’t rid himself of the terrible feeling that they were being followed – no, stalked, hunted down like prey. The howling continued for a while longer, intensifying and causing tingles to run up their spines and gooseflesh to rise up on their arms. And then nothing, save for unnatural quiet – so quiet in fact, that the occasional snap of a branch could be heard in the close proximity of the woods that flanked both sides of them. Pale light from the glare of the moon spilled down onto the winding path that snaked through the deep forest and up the steep incline.
Hoping that if he could put his bride at ease, it might also help him to feel more at ease, he pushed the curtain aside and stole a glance out at the forest, but only for the briefest of moments, not allowing his eyes to see the unearthly shadows that swarmed the woods. He said, “We’ve already started up the mountain, the cabin is only a little ways further now.”
She took his hand in hers and gave a smile that she hoped  hid the dread that had settled deep down in the pit of her stomach and had progressively worsened, and the sadness that had settled itself over her like a heavy blanket. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t rid herself of the feeling that their happy beginning was about to be over. That soon she would be saying goodbye to her new husband forever – something out there threatened to rip them apart, she just didn’t know what that something was.
As the minutes passed, the threatening feeling left and a calm fell over the forest. The wolves, it seemed, had simply vanished into the night and taken the danger with them. Just to be sure, he pushed aside the curtain and stole a quick glance out into the dark tree line, and felt further relief to see that the unnatural creatures he’d thought to have seen were no longer there, and in their wake was peace and serenity.
He sat back against the seat feeling more at ease, when a dark shadow passed over the coach, blotting out all light from the moon, and for a brief second plunged them in  pitch black then vanished, allowing soft light from the moon to filter down once more.
Hoping his wife hadn’t noticed the unexplained shift in light, he remained quiet, careful to make no mention of it, but knew by the way she clasped onto his hand, it was too late. There was a tremor in her voice as she said, “What just happened?”
“I don’t know, I –” but he was unable to finish what he was saying when the coach rocked violently side to side, causing them to fall into each other and against the walls.
The terrified screams of his wife filled the silent void. The horses were taking the wooded path at a dangerous speed, almost as if they’d been suddenly spooked and were in a panic, fleeing from some unknown thing or things.
“Just calm down – I’m going to check things out and talk to our driver – tell him to slow down a bit.” He grabbed onto the walls and floor of the coach, anything to try to gain purchase, then gave her one last smile and said, “Everything will be okay. You’ll see.”
She worked hard to remain calm, while clutching hold of the seat to try to prevent herself from being thrown into the walls, but instead cried out again when the coach took another fast turn, almost causing it to tip over on its side.
Squeezing her eyes shut, she maintained a fast hold on the nearest wall and said, “Just please hurry.”
He cast one last look back at her, before making his way toward the front of the coach, and gaped in shock at what he saw, or rather didn’t see. There was an empty bench where the driver should have been.
For a moment it felt as if his heart stopped, and fear soared through him. Where was the driver? He had to grip the outer edges to keep from being thrown backwards. The shrill sound of his wife’s voice from inside the carriage, brought him from his panic.
“Well?! Aren’t you going to say something to him?!”
His voice trembled slightly as he said, “There is no driver.”
“What did you say – did you say there’s no driver? What do you mean there’s no driver! How is that even possible?!” She knew she was screaming but she was past caring. “He couldn’t have just disappeared!”
“I don’t know, but by the looks of it that’s exactly what he did. Figuring out where he disappeared to is the very least of our problems. Right now if I don’t get out there and start guiding this coach, these horses will have us tipped over before we ever make it to the cabin.”
“Be careful,” she cautioned.
He tried not to think about what was out there in the woods with them, and climbed out from the coach and into the front bench of the driver’s seat. It took a while, but after a few moments he was able to grab the reins and get the horses back under control, then called over his shoulder to her, and said, “You see? I told you everything would be all right.”
“Yes, well just make sure that whatever happened to him doesn’t also happen to you.”
“Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing out here. I’ll be all right,” he said, but found himself shivering against the cold night, and put all his focus on the path ahead, doing his best not to look off to the dark woods that closed in on him from both sides or think about what had caused the unexplained disappearance of the driver.
Don’t worry.
How many times had he told her that now? Yet, worry was all she could do. The reassurances from her husband did little to abate the growing anxiety inside her. She didn’t like the feeling she was getting – the feeling of danger all around them. There was something out there in the woods, and the disappearance of the coach driver only heightened that feeling. She didn’t want to contemplate how their driver might have gone missing, not when her new husband was now taking his place out in front of the coach, and especially not when she was alone inside the coach, unable to see anything save for the passing shadows of trees.
The coach was now moving along the path at a steady pace, a good indication that the horses were calm, and everything was as it should be. Or was it? It was then that she realized she’d been so deep in thought, she hadn’t noticed the silence. An unwelcome voice of doubt snaked its way into her thoughts. What if everything wasn’t all right – what if the continued silence was an indication of the exact opposite? An indication that things weren’t just wrong, but terribly wrong – perhaps her beloved had vanished like their driver had – leaving her traveling through a dark forest alone on the eeriest night of her life.
She found herself fidgeting anxiously with the lace and ribbons that ran the length of her dress.
She was about to call out to her beloved when her voice failed her and she choked on the words. If he didn’t answer and had vanished like the driver, then she’d have no other choice, but to drive the stagecoach herself, and turn back to search every square inch of this godforsaken path and forest – no matter what horrors she’d have to face along the way, she’d find him and bring him safely back to the coach. She loved him far too much to leave him, and would risk her own life if necessary – including shooting anything that got in her way. Her gaze slid to the shotgun that lay near her feet.
Despite all these unsettling possibilities going through her mind, she finally worked up enough courage, and upon finding her voice said, “How are things out there?”
As she waited for his answer her heart beat so fast that she thought it might explode right out of her chest.
“Couldn’t be better. We’re coming up on the cabin right now.”
Relieved to hear his voice and that they finally were there, she forgot all about her misgivings and pushing aside the curtain, stared out into the blackness and beyond, where nestled against a backdrop of thick forest stood a cabin. Even in the dark she could make out enough of the log structure by the light of the moon to see that it was pristine.
After reining in the horses and getting them to come to a standstill, he came around to the side of the coach and opened the door, held out his hand and helped her step down, then said, “Here we are.”
Anxious to get inside and put the strange events of the night behind them, she helped him tether the horses to a copse of trees. When they were finished, she gave a little cry of surprised delight when he whisked her up off her feet and into his arms, then carried her over the threshold and into the cabin.
She lit some candles and a lantern, then took stock of the cozy interior, which consisted of a bed in the far corner, a tiny stove in another, and a fireplace flanked on either side by two rocking chairs.
Turning to her husband, she said, “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“It certainly is.” A short pause followed as he took in their surroundings with her then said, “I’m going to go outside and see if I can’t get us a fire started and try to warm this place up a bit.”
Before he left, she grabbed hold of his hand and said, “Are you sure that’s such a good idea, with the hour being as late as it is?”
“I can’t see what harm there’d be in it.” His lips twitched slightly at the corners as he searched her eyes then broke into a grin as he said, “This is about the wolves we heard earlier, isn’t it?”
“Well, yes, you must admit the howling sounded quite odd, and our driver – well he didn’t disappear on his own. Something must have happened to him.” She leveled him with her own worried gaze. “Don’t you think it all points to something more?”
“I’ll tell you what I think it points to – I think it points to a drunk who kept a hip flask of whiskey or some such poison in the pocket of his coat, and kept taking swigs from it until he could no longer see straight, and toppled right off onto the ground below.”
“Yes, but if that were so then wouldn’t we have heard him fall?”
“Not necessarily. Perhaps we did, and just didn’t realize it. Either way, by the time daylight arrives I’m sure we’ll have the poor fellow knocking on our door before you can even finish cooking breakfast.”
“I suppose you could be right, but then don’t you think there’s also the chance that he might perish from the cold without any blankets or shelter to keep him warm?”
“I’m sure the old fool would have enough sense to set up camp somewhere in the nearby woods. So we’d better enjoy our time alone for what’s left of the night, because in a few hours from now I’m sure we’ll have company.”
“Yes.” She nodded as if trying to convince herself of the same thing. “I imagine so. Just promise me one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“That you’ll be careful.”
He grabbed up the ax that rested against the wall by the door, grinning, he said, “Nothing’s going to bother me with this – human or animal. Now relax, and for the last time, stop all this worrying. Everything will be fine, you’ll see.” He leaned down and kissed her on the lips, then disappeared out into the darkness.
Turning from the door, she sat down in one of the rocking chairs and waited for him. The feeling of dread she’d had all evening and night was only worsening. She wished he hadn’t gone out there, that he had waited until it was light out, but maybe he was right. Perhaps she was making more of it than need be. The groan of the floorboards beneath the rocking of her chair were the only sounds in the small cabin, and seemed sinister somehow.
She stopped rocking so as to silence the sounds then shot to her feet when she heard the door fall open, and turned to see her husband walk in. “Was everything all right?” She watched him carry an armload of wood over to the hearth.
“All I can say is that it’s a good thing I had the ax.”
“Why – what happened?”
He nonchalantly continued, while starting a small fire in the grate, “I had to fight off a dozen wolves.”
Her hand flew up to cover her mouth. “Were you hurt?” She took a step toward him then stopped when she noticed the smile playing on his lips.
“Relax. I was only teasing. There were no encounters with any wild animals, wolves or otherwise.” He finished with the fire, stood back up and crossed over to her. Staring into her eyes, he traced a finger along her lips. She turned away and said, “You shouldn’t tease me with such things. I was really scared for you.” He turned her face gently back to meet his stare and said, “I know you were, and I didn’t mean to upset you. I only wanted to let you know that everything’s perfectly fine – it was just a stupid way of doing that, I guess. Please forgive me.”
The accusation gradually left her eyes and was replaced by a slight smile that tugged at her lips. “I suppose I could forgive you that. Seeing as you apologized and all. Besides, you know I could never remain upset with you for long. Now let’s try and get us some sleep before company comes a knockin’.”
She took hold of his hand and drew him over to the bed. “Being that I’m your wife now, I suppose there are certain things about you I’ll just have to get used to, including your sense of humor.”
Folding her in his arms, he said, “That’s good to know, because something I’ll never get used to or grow tired of is your beauty.”
She played with the buttons of his shirt and said, “Just promise me you won’t go out again tonight?”
“That is the easiest promise I’ve ever made.”
Lying beneath the heavy blankets in one another’s arms, for the briefest of time nothing but each other and the moment mattered. Deep in the night, between the hours of one and three, they awoke to the same eerie howling they’d heard earlier on the pathway, only this time it sounded like the wolves had surrounded the cabin and were right outside the door.
She bolted up in bed and looked over to where her husband lay. “The wolves – they’re here. They’re the same ones that followed us on the path, I can tell by the strange way they sound. What do you suppose they want? Why are they here?”
She could tell by the tenseness of his body and the way he hesitated in answering her, that he was as scared as she felt.
“I don’t know. Maybe they have a nearby den.”
She watched as he got out of bed and pulled on some trousers, then reached for the shotgun. She realized in growing alarm what he planned. “You can’t possibly be thinking of going out there, can you? Surely not with so many? Why, there must be at least a dozen, maybe more.”
Indicating the shotgun he held, he said, “That’s what I have this for.”
Quickly getting out of bed, she followed him over to the door and said, “Please don’t go – not yet, not while it’s still dark out.”
“I don’t have a choice.”
“Yes you do, of course you do. You always have a choice.” She grabbed hold of his arm, frantic to make him stay. “Don’t you remember the promise you made about not going out anymore tonight?”
“I know and I’m sorry, but I can’t let them get the horses.” Gently prying her fingers off his arm, he pressed his lips briefly against hers, then said, “Stay inside. I’ll be back soon.”
She watched as he stole out into the pitch blackness, then lit some candles and awaited his return. The howling continued to fill the night, causing her to shiver not from the cold, but from the chill that had slowly crept in and spread within her.
There was something bad about this night, something much worse than wolves – because whatever was out there sounded like wolves but was far worse, she was sure of it. She couldn’t understand this feeling of malevolence that had come over her, she only knew that she had to leave the relative safety of the cabin, and go out into the darkness and risk her own life in order to save the man she loved.
No sooner had she come to this decision then two gunshots rang out before everything fell deathly silent. Thinking only of her husband, she threw open the cabin door and fled out into the still blackness, shouting out his name as she ran. She was in a panic now to find him. He had to be close by, he wouldn’t have gone far. On and on she ran through the black night still calling out to her beloved, but no answer came.
Finally she was forced to stop running long enough to catch her breath. Then for the first time she realized that she was lost in the blackness, and had been running blindly for so long that she didn’t know where she was in relation to the cabin, or in what direction to go in order to get back.
The silence was broken by howling that seemed to be coming from nowhere and everywhere all at once, rising up in the air all around her, causing her further confusion. Panic, sharp and biting, welled up and got a stranglehold on her. The sinking realization that she was surrounded by these malignant creatures was too terrifying a thought, and was the worst feeling she’d ever experienced, causing her hair to stand on end.
It was then that she heard whinnying and neighing. Up in the near distance through the darkness, she could make out the silhouette of a horse. It was one of the horses that had pulled the coach; the other, she realized, must have broken free from the rope, but this one hadn’t gotten away yet.
Having a horse to ride would help in continuing her search more safely. Now if she could just remember where in relation to the cabin they’d tethered the horses, she’d be able to regain her bearings. Her memory of it was hazy, she realized she’d been so anxious to get inside the cabin that she hadn’t paid much attention.
The large animal seemed to be as frightened and confused as she was. She had to hurry and get to it before it broke free from the rope that now bound it. All she needed to do was get it calmed down enough so she could climb up onto its back. From there, she’d be able to cover more ground, and stay relatively safe from whatever creatures these were that sounded like wolves and lurked within the dark woods.
Resisting the urge to run toward the horse, she walked through the darkness at a steady pace, and keeping her voice low she spoke to it in soothing, gentle tones in hopes of calming it down.
Yes, soon she’d be safely on the horse and then not long after that she’d find her beloved and they’d be reunited. Already she was imagining how he would take her in his arms and say something about how she shouldn’t have risked her life by running out into the night, and then he’d apologize for having taken so long, and would have a reasonable explanation for his prolonged absence. It was then that another thought came to her. Perhaps the other horse that was missing wasn’t missing at all, but had been taken by her husband. He may have decided to ride it to help ensure his safety, while at the same time shooting and chasing away the howling creatures that had followed them there.
Feeling suddenly foolish for her paranoia about these creatures, she reminded herself that the howling creatures were nothing more than flesh and blood wolves. She was letting her imagination run away with her, and it was something she needed to fight against if she were ever going to accomplish what needed to be done. When out in the pitch black with them they were scary, yes, but these were just animals and nothing more. Ferocious predators yes – but just as susceptible to the blast of a shotgun as any other living creature. She chided herself now for having allowed her imaginings to run so wild, that she’d attributed supernatural prowess to these wolves that were in reality, no different from any other. No doubt the two blasts of gunfire she’d heard was enough to frighten them away.
Then what about the horse? Why would it still be acting so spooked? And what about the howling she’d heard not that long ago?
The wolves certainly hadn’t sounded far away – in fact quite the opposite, they sounded as if they’d been right there with her – no, not just with her, but surrounding her, which was much worse.
Quelling any such contemplations that only caused her further doubt and fear, she quickened her steps toward the lone horse that stood up ahead in the darkness. It was then that she tripped over something large lying on the ground at her feet – something that until that moment, the darkness had blessedly concealed, but no longer would she be blind to the horror.
Giving a startled cry, she fell forward and automatically shot both hands out in front of her and came in contact with what felt like a person’s chest. Worse yet, she realized that she was now lying on top of whoever it was, and slowly she brought her face up just enough to see and found herself staring down at the face of her husband.
His features gradually became more clear and even in the darkness she could recognize him and the frozen expression of terror on his handsome visage. He wasn’t moving and his face was ghostly white. She rose unsteadily to her feet. A gasp escaped her throat as her gaze traveled down the length of him to where he’d been ripped open. Clearly the work of wild animals – no, not just wild animals, but wolves – the same wolves that now stalked her were the ones who had killed her husband. The shotgun was still clutched tightly in his hand.
Clapping a hand over her mouth to try and prevent the strangled sobs that welled up within her, she remained standing there frozen in place, then fell to the ground retching. When she’d emptied out everything inside her, she shakily got back to her feet.
How could this have happened? She’d heard the shots go off – so why had these wolves kept coming, and why had they still been able to attack him? He was too good a shot to have missed unless of course he panicked, but she didn’t think it likely.
In a state of shock, she was unaware of the tears that streamed down her face as her gaze went to her nightgown and the dark, wet substance that covered it. She didn’t have to see it in the light to know that it was blood – his blood. Unable to look any further, she stumbled back away then turned and looked out into the blackness beyond. A shiver ran up her spine, and something told her that she wasn’t alone.
Out of the darkness appeared large, yellow, glowing eyes. There were dozens of them, dotting the inky blackness, hungrily watching her. She knew what it was they planned, could sense their intentions. These voracious predators were slowly encircling her. If there was any chance of survival left, she had to get out of there and she had to do it now.
Her attention snapped to the horse, who also sensing the danger, paced restlessly and strained against the rope that held it. Her gaze went back to the yellow, glowing eyes that watched her, and she made a decision. If dying of fright were possible, she would have done so right then but instead she found herself running.
Adrenaline coursed through her body as she took off through the trees toward the horse, and she half expected to feel sharp teeth sinking into her legs, back, or even neck at any time, but she didn’t dare look back for fear of being slowed down. All that mattered was getting on the horse before those things out in the forest got her. Although the predators moved soundlessly, she was overcome by the uncanny sensation that she was being chased.
The time it took for her to close the distance between herself and the horse felt like an eternity, but in reality only took seconds, and she swore she heard the sound of jaws snapping, missing her by inches as she left the ground and leaped up onto the animal’s back.
Not daring to look at the feral eyes that watched her and glowed from the darkness below, she clung onto the horse and frantically urged it to go. It whinnied and snorted, stomping its hooves against the earth. It was then that she remembered the rope that still tethered the large animal to the tree. She had no choice but to try and unknot the very rope that only a few hours earlier she’d helped tie, and if she couldn’t free them in time then… No, she wouldn’t allow herself to think of that possibility or the fate she and this unfortunate animal would meet.
A low guttural growl reverberated through the dark woods. Her gaze swept across their surroundings, and she felt her heart leap when she saw pinpointed, unnatural yellow eyes glowing out from the darkness all around. The horse neighed loudly, its eyes wide with fright, mirroring the look in her own. Unable to tear her gaze away from the eerie glowing eyes that continued to hungrily bore into her own, she realized with an electric jolt of renewed terror that although she was able to see nothing more than those hungry eyes, she was keenly aware that the creatures were advancing ever closer from all sides.
Closer and closer they came. Their bodies were impossible to see, and blended in with the night, but those eyes, luminous and hungry – no, not just hungry, but ravenous, were ever so slowly getting bigger and yes, closer.
A voice in her head screamed for her to reach out and untie the rope, but the fear building inside her was so great that she found even the simplest act impossible, and was unable to break eye contact with these monstrous creatures.
There was something behind their yellow stare that told her they knew she and the horse were trapped, and even more troubling was the thought that they easily could have killed her while she’d been on foot, but had instead allowed her to escape long enough to get onto the back of the horse.
Without even being aware of it, she clung onto the horse as tightly as she could, as if by doing so, she’d somehow be saved. Her trancelike state was broken when the horse, now wild with fear, bucked and strained furiously against the rope, forcing her to break eye contact with the creatures as she was jerked around. Somehow she still managed to hold on tight, while the animal rose up on its hind legs, snapped the rope in two, then shot off through the woods with her clinging to its back, and left the wolves behind.
She remained hunched forward, hugging herself to the horse’s muscled, sleek coat of fur as the animal took her deeper into the forest, at such a wild speed that she felt the wind whip and slap against her body and face, and could hear its high whistle in her ears, and at times felt as if they were flying, and all the while thought she heard what sounded like deep, haunting growls carried to her on the wind, and thought it to be her own wild imaginings playing tricks on her.
There hadn’t been any sign of the yellow-eyed creatures, yet curiously the horse still seemed panicked, almost as if the animal was aware of something she herself wasn’t, and took her further from the area of the cabin and deeper still into the woods. As she rode on, her thoughts returned to her beloved, and the sight of him lying there in the dark on the ground at her feet, ripped open. No matter how many years passed, that mental image would be burned into her mind indelibly. Although she hated to think about it, she couldn’t help but wonder how long it had taken for him to die, and if he’d tried to call out to her and she just hadn’t heard him.
The thought of him lying there suffering brought fresh tears to her eyes. It bothered her, the way she’d been forced to leave him. It wasn’t right or fair that his life had been cut short. A proper Christian burial was the least she could give him, and the last nice thing she’d ever be able to do for him. She promised herself that later she’d return for his body, if the wolves hadn’t already taken his remains. Never before had she thought it possible to feel hatred for wild, unreasoning animals, yet that was exactly what she felt for the pack of yellow-eyed wolves that stole away her one true love forever. On the very night that should have been their happiest.
She was so lost in her silent misery that she hadn’t noticed anything was wrong, until she felt the horse come to a sudden stop. Straightening, she peered into the darkness to try to see what had happened to make the horse behave so strangely. It was pacing restlessly and snorting, its eyes wide with fright. Looking off to both sides, she saw nothing. But when she looked straight ahead, she was able to make out the silhouette of a lone wolf, backlit by the light of the moon, standing directly in their path.
She blinked, unable to believe exactly what she was seeing. The creature that stood before her, blocking any escape, resembled a wolf, but even in the cover of night she could see it was much too large to be any normal wolf she’d ever seen or heard of, but was something altogether different. This creature was of prehistoric size, but as it got closer, what really scared her were those eyes, glowing yellow eyes that hungrily locked on her own. And for the first time she was able to see the beast clearly. The animal’s fur was darker than night, an unfathomable darkness that only made its chilling eyes more brilliant, unnaturally so.
For a split second she was paralyzed with fear, as was the horse that didn’t seem to know what to do, but continued to snort and neigh while pacing from side to side. She wanted to calm it somehow and urge it in the other direction, any direction but this.
The creature that moved menacingly closer let out a growl that carried through the trees and swirled in the air all around. Its gaze never left hers; she watched as it licked its chops, and caught sight of long, serrated fangs. She was in deep dread of this animal, this monster, and was in such a state of fear that she wasn’t even aware of her own voice, or the nudgings she gave the horse in hopes of getting it to move.
Why did it just stay there pacing? Why wouldn’t it run in the opposite direction?
She realized too late why it wouldn’t. Low growls came to her from every direction, and she realized the horse wouldn’t leave because it couldn’t. They were surrounded. She looked on helplessly as the horse became more skittish and started bucking wildly. Although she tried her hardest to hang on to the scared animal, she felt herself lose the tenuous grip she had on the sleek fur, and in the next instant she felt herself fly up through the air, then hit the ground. A burst of pain exploded inside her as her body connected with the cold, solid earth.
She was vaguely aware of snarling growls, and other more terrible sounds made by the dying horse as the creatures leaped onto the great animal and tore it apart. But there was no time for her to contemplate anything other than her own coming demise, as yellow eyes stared back at her from all sides, then descended upon her.
Her last thought was of her beloved and the life they would never live. She let her eyes fall shut and envisioned the smiling face of her husband, the way he’d looked in the cabin the last time she had seen him alive and tried to close off her mind from the pain as powerful jaws ripped and tore into her from all directions. Screams got trapped inside her as a pair of powerful jaws clamped down on her throat, silencing her forever. Blessedly the horror of what was happening to her gradually faded away and for a brief time she was back in her husband’s arms, and then nothingness. CHAPTER TWENTY
The miner remained in deep sorrow for the daughter that he had lost, and in the days that followed, Bella became less and less tolerant of his prolonged grief. After he’d rejected all her offers of comfort, the initial sympathy she felt for him turned into scorn. After all, she too had experienced the pain and anguish of having lost a child. No matter that she’d gotten that very same child back through powers unknown. It didn’t change the fact that when she’d miscarried her pain had been very real, and not once had the miner shared in it, or offered sympathy of any kind.
She’d tried long enough to give him the solace that never once had she herself received. Worse yet, instead of being grateful, he’d been indifferent, even hateful in his actions toward her.
Well, she was done playing the long-suffering wife who remained silent while she tended to his needs, cleaning, cooking, and preparing his meals, night after night, day after day, while caring for a child that he refused to see as his own. All this, just to watch him withdraw into further despondency.
In the time since Clementine’s death, if he wasn’t in town drinking or at the mine working, he’d be at the lake, singing a ballad devoted to his dead daughter’s memory. When she’d first heard those plaintive words, so full of pain and loss, the shivery feel of gooseflesh rose up on her skin. It was as if the words themselves brought her back to that terrible moment when her eyes had locked with Clementine’s one last time.
The young woman’s wide blue stare, and the hint of fear and shock that she’d glimpsed in them at the last second before she disappeared into the violent spray of water, would forever haunt her. Then after a time of having to endure listening to the miner drunkenly sing each night, the dejavu she’d first experienced upon hearing the plaintive refrain turned to anger.
Bella tried at first to ignore it, telling herself to be patient, but as the days passed even that became harder to do, until she could endure it no longer.
That evening as every evening before, he returned home from working in the mine and stayed just long enough to eat the supper she’d set out for him. Any attempts Bella made at conversation were met by silent indifference from the miner, who spoke as little as possible. After having taken his last bite of food, he resorted to his nightly habit, took a canteen full of brandy and wordlessly walked out the door.
Seething inside, Bella scooped up the baby that had started to cry, and stood at the window rocking the squalling infant gently in her arms, watching as the silhouette of the miner walked off into the darkness. Bella lovingly cared for the miracle child she’d been given, then laid him in the cradle. Settling down next to her infant son, she got out needle and thread and began sewing. As the hour grew later, Bella put away her needlework and slipped into bed.
The miner still hadn’t bothered to return home. From experience, she knew that he probably wouldn’t be back for another hour, and that when he did finally return, after having gotten good and drunk, there’d be alcohol on his breath, and she’d have no other choice but to endure the stench as he fell into bed beside her, making her think back with repugnance to her past life of working in a brothel, and the drunken men who came to her.
There were things that she’d yet to tell the miner about their child. Peculiarities of the infant’s diet that she’d worked to hide from him, in hopes that with enough time, the miner might grow close to the child and come to love it as she did, but now she could see that she’d been wrong to ever have hoped for such a thing. By his continued ignoring both her and the baby it was clear that he’d never truly embrace their existence in his life.
Instead of leaving candles lit for the miner to see by when he returned home, as she’d customarily done, this time Bella extinguished all of them. Let him come home to darkness and stumble his way to bed. She was done extending any such courtesies to him. Bella remained awake, aware of any sounds that might alert her to his return.
No longer would she remain silent, pretending not to notice the drunkard he’d become, nor would she keep quiet about his utter disregard for herself and their child. She’d be quick to point out that even though he’d lost one child, he still had another that needed his time and attentions. He’d have no choice but to hear her out and accept what she told him.
Bella lay in bed with all this on her mind when the sound of the door opening, then shutting, followed by the heavy tread of footsteps caught her attention. And then came the ballad she’d come to loathe, sung drunkenly by the miner as he managed to light a few candles. His steps carried over to the hearth where he got a fire blazing in the grate. She’d planned on waiting until he crawled into bed before confronting him, never had she anticipated that he’d remain awake.
Bella was about to throw the blankets aside and leave the warmth of the bed to confront him, when the sound of something being wound up, like a child’s toy, came to her ears. The cabin was then filled with a delicate, wordless melody that caused the miner to fall silent with his pitiful song, giving his full attention to the graceful notes. The walls and ceiling were immediately filled with shadows of the delicate figurine of a woman, clad in a dress of full skirts. Her shadow played against all four walls as she danced in time to the enchanting music. Deep shadows slid along the wooden beams as it twirled round and round, making the figurine appear life-sized, like that of a real girl, like that of Clementine.
The very thought rendered Bella momentarily frozen with unreasoning terror. The shadowy likeness of Clementine almost caused her to feel as though she were being visited by a ghost. The tune played was as haunting as it was beautiful, and in her mind, Bella could imagine the words to it as clearly as if Clementine herself were singing them. Each refrain held a hidden accusation.
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin, Clementine,
As Bella lay there in bed listening to the hypnotic ballad as it carried through the silence, the realization came to her that the earlier anger she’d harbored had been misplaced. Even in his grief, the miner hadn’t forgotten about their son after all.
Convinced now that the music box was meant to be a gift to their child, a keepsake to help him remember his half-sister, Bella got out of bed and rushed over to where the miner sat near the fire. She was warmed by the idea. She had, after all, never really hated the girl, and certainly hadn’t meant for any harm to come to her. In many ways she’d cared for Clementine, and felt bad over what had happened.
Scooping up the music box with its twirling figurine of a young woman with long golden ringlets, clad in a yellow dress of full skirts, Bella caught sight of the delicate features painted onto the doll, and exclaimed, “What an exquisite piece!” She grew silent for a beat as she studied it in the glow from the firelight. “The resemblance it bears to Clementine is uncanny. I’ll cherish it always, as will our son.” Her bliss was short lived when the miner shot up from where he sat, roughly grabbed the music box from her hands, and thundered, “You’ll do no such thing! Because it’s not yours to cherish!”
Bella fell back, then in a shaky voice said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize…” Then not wanting him to see how badly his words had hurt her, she said nothing, and disappeared into the shadowy darkness where she returned to bed.
Silent tears streamed down her face as she closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep.
The following night, the miner had fallen asleep uncharacteristically early, when he was brought awake to shadows that danced along the walls. The wide, full skirts, and long ringlets he recognized right away. His heart leaped at the thought that it had all been just a terrible dream, and that his Clemmie had never really died. It was only when the sound of Bella’s voice roused him fully from his slumber-like state, and brought him into the harsh reality of the present, that he knew differently.
Coming toward him through the darkness, Bella sang with the melody that played from the music box, her voice high-pitched and deliberate, impossible to ignore.
“Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darling, Clementine,
You are gone and lost forever –”
After putting emphasis on these last few words, Bella broke off, and leaned down to whisper in his ear, “That’s right, your darlin Clementine is gone – forever.” Bella straightened back up to her full height, and slid into bed beside him. She continued, “You have a new wife and child now. Instead of living in perpetual mourning, you should be rejoicing. After all, it’s not everyone who’s so fortunate as to get a replacement for both.”
Turning away from her, the miner said, “Take your wretched whispers and child, and leave.”
“What you don’t seem to understand is that I’m never going to leave. Our son and I will remain right here with you until the day you die…”
The miner tried to ignore the shiver that went through him at hearing her last words, and wondered how soon that day might come.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
The midnight sky spread over the forest like a blanket of inky black. The only sounds at such a late hour, deep in the woods, were the whoops and hollers from two of the three men, and the hooves of their horses that traveled the lonely trail. The man in the lead kept a rigid stance, his gaze watchful for any unwary travelers.
The empty stare of his eyes belonged to a killer. A scar ran the length of his face from an injury sustained years ago, when he was yet a boy, made by the sharp edge of his daddy’s knife, giving his otherwise handsome features a startling, sinister appearance. His face remained an expressionless mask, and concealed the all too familiar  rage that was building inside him. A deer carcass lay off to the far side of the trail, causing the knot that had formed in his gut to tighten.
The two jabbering idiots that rode with him were too busy planning out how they were going to spend their share of the money they’d just robbed from a bank a few hours earlier, to notice the dead animal. Their voices and the uneasiness that filled him grated on his nerves, and he silently reprimanded himself for having chosen to bring them along.
“Heehaw! Just look at all this here money. Have ya ever seen so much in yer whole life,” said the shorter and younger of the two.
“No sireee, can’t say I have. Soon as we get to the next whorehouse I’m a gonna find myself a pretty little thing, and buy some whiskey and lovin’.”
“Mama will be right proud of us,” said the other.
A muscle worked in the leader’s jaw as he listened to the two brothers talk. If there was one thing he hated, it was noise of any kind. He preferred silence, and the company of dead men as opposed to live. Usually he traveled and worked alone, but the nature of this recent venture made hiring on help necessary. When he’d first met the two brothers, he’d mistakenly thought they’d be perfect for the job, now he wondered how it was possible to be so wrong.
Was he really so poor a judge of character? Maybe, he conceded. He’d always found killing people much easier than liking them. So this little blunder of his wasn’t really such a surprise, was it?
The two bumbling fools managed to make a mess out of what should have been a relatively simple robbery. But thanks to him and his fast draw of the gun, and even faster pull of the trigger, the three of them made a quick escape, and were able to get out with their lives and money, leaving behind a few extra bodies that lay bleeding on the dust-covered ground.
The two brothers continued to talk about all the ways they planned to spend the money, their voices raised to an impossible level, when he decided that he could endure listening to them no longer. He brought his horse to an abrupt standstill, then galloped it around in a full circle so he was facing them, kicking up a cloud of dirt in the process.
Regarding them with cold blue eyes that appeared more dead than alive, his lips curled into a lurid grin. Moonlight fell across his visage, making the scar that marred his otherwise pleasing features that much more visible, giving him a garish, shocking appearance. “Sorry boys,” he intoned, his voice deep and menacing, “but how you’re gonna spend anything, including the rest of your lives, is the least of your worries, in fact even breathing won’t be a worry soon.” Pale yellow light glinted off the steel barrel of the gun he had pointed at them. “You two are gettin’ on my last nerve. I’ve had just about enough of your mouths, and I’m gettin’ an itchin’ to shut em permanently.”
The brothers shared an uneasy look, then the older of the two cleared his throat, and said, “There’s no need to get all  outta sorts with us. We don’t mean no harm.”
A loud snap like the sound of a branch breaking caught the attention of all three men.
Forgetting about his murderous intentions of just seconds ago, the leader took his gun off his partners and pointed it in the direction of the sound. The brothers also pulled out their guns and pointed them toward the inky black tree line.
“What was that?” asked the older brother, his eyes searching the darkness.
Before anyone could answer, his younger brother fired a blast into the air and shouted, “Come out now!”
The leader angrily motioned for silence then said, “Pull that trigger one more time and it’ll be the last thing you do.”
Jumping to his brother’s defense, the older one said, “He aint done nothin’ wrong, he’s just jittery is all. You have your gun drawn, so can we. Besides after the way you threatened to shoot me and my lil brother here, puttin’ aside our weapons aint somethin’ we’re too comfortable with.”
“Suit yourself.” The leader gave an indifferent shrug of his shoulders. “Just make sure that fool brother of yours doesn’t fire off and waste any more shots. If the hunch I have is right about what’s out there, then we’re gonna need to conserve every last bit of gunpowder we have.” He kept his gaze trained on the dark wooded trail ahead, and looked as if at any second he expected something to jump out in front of him. “When I first saw the deer carcass lyin’ back there a ways, I didn’t think it necessarily meant anything, but now I’m just as sure of it as if they was walkin’ right over my grave.”
“Sure of what?” asked the older brother, not liking the ominous tone of the leader’s words.
“Sure that we’re being hunted by what’s in these woods.”
“Whoa, wait there just a hot minute. Hold it right there mister – just what kind of animal or animals are you referrin’ to? Cause I’m pretty sure that whatever it is, I and my lil brother here don’t want no part of it. Just what exactly are you not sayin’ that you should be sayin’? Is this some kind of trick you’re tryin’ to play on us?”
The younger brother then said, “Yeah, how about that? Just maybe you planned this all along and are leadin’ us into some kind of death trap?”
“If’n I wanted the two of you dead, which I undoubtedly did, and still do, then the both of you would be lyin’ on this trail somewhere back there, bled out. And I wouldn’t have to lead you into some damn trap to do it either. It’s just your dumb luck and my bad luck that the bodies of you two would probably bring what’s in those woods out, and more’n likely after eatin’ the two of you, they’d come after me next.”
“I don’t much care for your constant threats,” said the older brother.
“And I don’t much care for bein’ saddled with two idiots,” said the leader.
“All right, enough with the insults.” Keeping his gaze on the leader’s dark form, the older brother said, “You never did get round to answerin’ my question.”
The leader’s back stiffened as he continued the ride down the dark trail. “And what would that be?”
“What kind of critters are you so all fired up about?”
“Wolves – a whole pack of em.” The leader then spurred his horse to a faster pace in order to end the conversation.
“A whole pack?” the younger parroted back to his brother then whistled, “Well, I’ll be damned! Here we no sooner get ourselves a shitload of money and now we got us a pack of wolves on our tail. Mama would never manage if somethin’ were to happen to us. We’re all she has now that Papa’s gone.” He cast another look at his brother who rode beside him, and said, “I don’t like the sound of this.”
His older brother shot out an arm and clobbered him with it, then in a hushed voice said, “Don’t be such a damned sissy.”
With a mixture of indignation and surprise, he looked at his brother and said, “Hey! What ya go and do that for? If you’d have hit me any harder you woulda knocked me clean off my horse.”
“The only thing I’d have knocked into you was darned common sense. Mama always said you had the mind of a chicken and she was right.”
“Mama aint never said that, and she wouldn’t have liked you hittin’ me the way you did just now either.”
“Mama woulda hit you herself if she was here. Smacked some sense into you. Don’t you get it? Don’t you see what he,” the older brother began, gesturing toward the leader up ahead, “is tryin’ to do here?”
“I don’t reckon I do,” said the other, clearly puzzled.
“There aint no wolves or any other animal out here following us.” Taking his voice a notch lower, he leaned ever so slightly toward his younger brother to ensure the short-tempered stranger couldn’t hear them, and said, “That’s just what he wants us to believe.”
“I don’t understand. Why would he lie about somethin’ like that?” said the younger brother in a voice scarcely above a whisper.
“Because, Stupid, he wants us good and scared in hopes that we turn and run and forget our share of the money. And by the look on your ugly face I’d say he’s done a right good job of it too. Course a darned squirrel could scare you into runnin’ for your life.” The older brother then broke off into fitful laughter at his own words, and slapping him on the back said, “Imagine that? You runnin’ scared from a lil bitty thing like a squirrel. Now that I reckon would be a sight to see.”
Frowning at his older brother, he said, “I don’t much like the way you’re actin’ or how you’re treatin’ me right now. You’re not bein’ very nice, not very nice at all. Besides, go ahead and laugh all you want, but we both heard them branches breakin’, and the sound of somethin’ runnin through them there woods. Now explain that, Mister Smarty Pants?”
“Well, I would imagine,” began the older brother, “that them there woods is full of all kinds of critters, some of which are deer.” This was said in a way that suggested he was explaining the obvious to a complete dolt.
“Deer?” Snorted the younger brother. “Is that what you think it was, a deer?”
“Course that’s what I think it was. Why else do you suppose that our horses and his kept calm? You didn’t see them gettin’ all skittish, did ya?”
“Well, no. I guess you might have a real good point there.”
“Course I do, because I’m right, you moron. Now follow my lead and do as I tell ya, and we might just come out of this whole mess with all that there money to ourselves.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea. He’s meaner than a badger. Besides I don’t think he’d give up his half.”
Leaning closer to his younger brother, his voice an impatient whisper, he said, “Shush up! I already know he aint gonna give up his half. Which is why we’re just gonna have to kill him for it.”
“But I aint no killer.”
“Ya robbed a bank, didn’t ya?”
“Yeah, but that was altogether different. I aint never hurt nobody.”
Nodding in the direction of the man who rode in front of them, he said, “Yeah? Well he did. Weren’t you payin’ attention when he shot em people who tried to get in our way like it was nothin’? Just what do you suppose he’ll do to us?”
A look of horror slowly spread across the younger brother’s face. “But – but I don’t want no trouble.”
“Then you’ll have to help me kill him, you don’t have a choice.”
“I don’t wanna do that. I don’t wanna kill nobody.”
Reaching out and roughly grabbing hold of his younger brother, he said, “Pull yourself together! You’ll do exactly as I tell you to. Ya hear?”
“All right, all right. There aint no cause for violence. I don’t know what you’re so worked up about anyway.”
“Never you mind about that. So long as you listen to me we’ll be just fine.” He then reached out and slapped his younger brother on the back, and hit him harder than intended, knocking him off his horse and onto the ground below.
He glowered up at his older brother, and getting to his feet said, “What’d ya go and do that for?”
“I didn’t mean to, you idiot, now get back on that horse of yours before it rides off without you.”
Hearing the commotion, the leader looked back long enough to catch sight of the older brother helping the younger one back onto his horse, and said, “Is there a problem?”
“No, no problem,” answered the older of the two, “other than my brother bein’ a bit clumsy is all. Been clumsy from the day he came into this world. Why, he’d trip over his own toes if’n the damn things weren’t attached to his feet already.” Then directing his next words to his younger brother who was once more riding beside him, he said, “Aint that right?”
Shooting his older brother a scowl, he said, “Sure. Sure it is. Wouldn’t ya know that some fool bat bigger’n all hellfire, came flyin’ right outta the darkness and hit me square in the back, caused me to take quite a tumble back there. You saw the pesky thing, didn’t ya?” He turned an accusatory look on his older brother.
Understanding that he was “the bat” or “pesky thing” that his brother was referring to, and not wanting the stranger to know that it was his own overly enthusiastic slap to the back that had knocked his brother off the horse, in answer he said, “Yeah sure. Sure I saw it.” Then sensing his younger brother’s annoyance, he fell silent on the subject in hopes of avoiding any lengthy arguments.
The stranger with the dead eyes looked away in disgust and rode on. The sooner he parted company with these two clowns the better off he’d be. Of course for them, things would be a speck worse because when he parted ways with folks they always had the habit of turning up dead. The thought brought an uncharacteristic smile to his lips. Just having them around was a liability to his sanity, if nothing else. He had to fight the urge to turn his horse right around and blast a hole through both of them. The continued nagging worry about what might be out in those woods with them was the only thing that stopped him.
Granted, there hadn’t been any further sounds coming from the dark tree line that flanked either side of him, but still he wasn’t about to let his guard down yet.
The wolves in these parts were different from other wolves. These animals, if they could even be called that, couldn’t be detected by horses the way other predatory animals could. There was something downright scary and unnatural about them, in fact. He wasn’t one to frighten easily, but just the remembrance of that night, and then traveling through these same woods again, caused a tingle to climb up his spine. Ever since, he’d promised himself he’d never again be out in these parts after the sun set, but then the two mistakes he’d taken along had managed to jumble things up so badly that he’d had no choice but to put as much distance between himself and the town as possible. Silently he cursed the two that rode a few paces behind on the trail. Once in a while he could hear them whispering to one another, but couldn’t decipher much more than that, and was grateful for it. He was certain that the mere act of having to listen to their conversation would somehow lower his own intelligence.
Now here he was, risking his own life, traveling through these cursed woods at night. His only comfort was that by daybreak if he survived, he added silently, he’d right the wrong by shooting the troublesome pair, leave their bodies for the wolves, and he and the money would be long gone before nightfall. Knowing that he would only have to tolerate his unwanted companions for a short while longer helped to lighten his mood, but his elation didn’t last long as his thoughts turned back to that night one year ago, a night he’d worked so hard at forgetting.
He remembered how he’d mistakenly thought the branches breaking were caused by a family of deer moving through the forest, but he couldn’t have been more wrong. For exactly how long he’d been riding through that lonesome stretch of woods, he didn’t know. It wasn’t until he heard the collective howls that he realized something was wrong, but by then it was already too late. Seemingly out of nowhere, large yellow eyes glowed back at him from either side of the forest.
What he had done next was more of a natural reaction to the danger rather than a well-thought-out plan. His horse, that up until then had been also oddly unaware of the presence of danger, went wild with fear and took off at a full gallop, cutting through the woods. He recalled how he’d thought about firing his gun at the creatures, but couldn’t risk losing his hold on the horse to draw out his weapon. Besides, with how many pairs of eyes he’d seen watching him from the black forest, he knew he wouldn’t have near enough gunpowder to take out a pack with that many wolves in it.
Without having to risk a look back, he knew that this large pack of wolves were in close, relentless pursuit, their yellow eyes wild and glowing, and their jaws snapping. The unsettling thought came to him that even the behavior of these creatures was different from other wolves. There was the distinct feeling that they were toying with him, prolonging his terror by the chase – a chase that could easily be ended by these powerful animals any time they chose by simply leaping on him and his horse with fang and claw. His own death loomed before him, seemingly inescapable, when up ahead in the near distance, he caught sight of an abandoned homestead.
The door to the barn was left wide open like a silent invitation. Almost as if sensing what to do, his horse increased its speed at the welcome sight and barreled on ahead to the safety of the barn, and then came the frantic moment when he leaped off his horse’s back, and closed the barn doors then dropped the heavy slab of wood over them, just in time before the wolves converged on them. No sooner did he do this, than he heard the heavy bang and sound of claws scraping against the doors.
The howling of the creatures had caused a cold frisson of fear to envelop him, like ice water being poured through his veins. Their growls were deep and guttural as they surrounded the barn for the duration of the night, waiting for him and his horse to reemerge. The constant pacing and heavy tread of their paws caused him to believe them to be much larger than normal-sized wolves. Other than their eyes, he never did get a good look at them, and felt grateful for that. He’d been prepared to shoot his way out, but when morning came they were gone. He rode hard for the whole rest of the day, making sure he was well away from the area before nightfall. Never did he think he’d find himself in a situation like that again, yet here he was with unwanted company in tow.
The three men continued a little further down the trail before deciding to set up camp for the night. Settled around the fire, the two brothers and the leader regarded one another suspiciously, each thinking about how they were going to kill the other, and run off with the stolen money. Wordlessly they finished supper, then with the two brothers on one side of the fire, and the leader on the other, they settled down for what was left of the night, but no one slept, continuing instead to keep a close watch on the others. Eventually the younger brother drifted off to sleep, and was soon snoring, leaving his brother and the leader as the only two left awake.
“Aint you gonna drift off to sleep like lil brother there? Looks like he’s havin’ hisself a mighty fine rest. Yes sireee. Prob’ly dreamin bout how he’s gonna spend all that money. Can’t say I much blame him.” He flashed a smile that exposed his teeth but didn’t meet the cold stare of his eyes. Light from the flickering flames cast his features in an orange glow, accentuating the ugly scar that ran the length of his face, giving him a devilish appearance.
“My brother might be a darned fool, but don’t mistake me for one. Don’t think that I aint noticed the way you’ve been watchin’ us with those eyes of yours. Real cold, like a snake.”
“I’ve had just about enough of the both of ya. I think it’s about time that you and lil brother there found God.” His cold blue eyes flashed dangerously.
“Not before I bring your no good sorry hide to the devil first –”
In the next instant both men were on their feet with their guns drawn on one another.
The night was penetrated by howling that rose up all around them. Their feud momentarily forgotten, they redirected the barrels of their guns to the surrounding black forest.
“What in tarnation was that?”
“Like I said earlier – wolves,” growled the leader. He spun a slow circle, keeping his gun trained toward the blackness.
The howling grew louder with each passing second.
Shooting awake from his sleep, the younger brother leaped to his feet and exclaimed, “Sweet mother of Jesus! We’re gonna be eaten alive!” His eyes were wide and frantic. He cried out, fell to his feet, and in a fit of hysteria wrapped his arms around himself and began rocking back and forth. “Oh lordy, lordy, I knew we shoulda listened to Mama and gone to more of them Sunday sermons, stead of bein’ out here in the middle of these godforsaken woods.”
Both the leader and the older brother turned to him and shouted, “Shut up!”
Shaking uncontrollably, with tears streaming down his face, he started sobbing loudly and said, “But I don’t wanna die.”
His older brother rushed over, grabbed hold of him and began to shake him, saying, “You aint gonna die. Ya hear me?! Neither one of us is. Now quit cryin’ like a girl and pull your damn self together, and act like a man!”
Calming down, he looked at his brother and said, “Ya certain bout that – that we’re not gonna die?”
“Course I am. Just as certain as the grass is green. You bet I am.” The older brother then motioned for quiet. “Shhh – now listen…”
A pause of silence followed.
The older brother said, “Do ya hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“Nothin’ but blessed silence…”
Realizing that his brother was right, he exhaled a long breath and began to relax once more.
It was then that they noticed the leader had vanished.
“The money! Where’s the money?!” exclaimed the older brother.
“I – I don’t know. I wasn’t payin’ it any attention.”
Scowling at his younger brother, he said, “Yeah? Well thanks to you and your blubbering neither was I.” Pulling out his gun, he moved cautiously toward the woods. “All I know is that if he did take the money like I’m figurin’, then he couldn’t have made it very far yet –”
He was about to step into the deeper part of the woods when his brother exclaimed, “Over here! I found it!”
Moving quickly away from the large copse of trees, and into camp, he impatiently said, “Could you have said it any louder?”
Frowning, the younger brother said, “I just wanted to make sure ya heard me is all.”
The older brother’s gaze went to the bag of money lying on the ground. “It’s sittin’ out right in plain sight. How in the devil could we not have seen it?”
Looking a bit sheepish, the younger brother said, “Well ya see, when I woke up, I was in a mighty panic, and I guess I didn’t pay no heed to where I threw my blanket, cause I found the bag of money hiding there, beneath it.”
“You did, did ya?” The edge of sarcasm in his voice was unmistakable. “I swear you was born with the common sense of a gnat. I’m surprised you even thought to look under the blanket.”
“Actually I didn’t. Seeing as I was so cold I wanted to wrap it over my shoulders.”
Shaking his head, the older brother said, “You’re a cross to bear. Ya know that?” When no reply came he looked up from the ground, and said, “Have you even been listenin’ to a word that I’ve just said?” The question was no sooner out of his mouth, when he looked over to see his brother already lying back down again with the blanket over him. “Just what do you think you’re doin’? Huh?” He walked over to where his brother lay and yanked the blanket off of him.
Staring up sleepy-eyed at his brother’s angry expression, he said, “I’m tired and cold. Now I don’t know what’s wrong with wantin’ a little warmth and rest, but I sure wish you’d leave me to it.”
“There aint no sleep to be had. We’re takin’ that bag of money there and skedaddling.”
“What about that rascal with the funny scar cross his face? Just where do you suppose he took off to?”
Already rolling up the blanket, and grabbing what few belongings they had, the older brother said, “I don’t know, and I don’t much care. All I know is that we’d be fools not to take this here money and go. Now quit lyin’ there gawkin’, and get up off your lazy butt and help me carry all this.” The older brother no sooner issued these orders, than he went to grab up the bagful of money.
The click of a gun chamber broke through the silence, and caused both brothers to freeze. The leader’s voice rang out from the dark copse of trees as he walked into the open area of camp. “In a hurry to go somewhere, boys?” The gun’s barrel was pointed directly at the older brother who still had the bag of money in hand. “I’d suggest that you drop the bag, and set it down real nice and slow now.”
With no choice but to do as the man with the gun instructed, he set down the bag, then turned to meet the leader’s wary stare. Giving a toothy grin, he said, “We aint meant no harm. You was gone so long, me and my lil brother here, began to think that maybe you’d gotten eaten up by them wolves we heard earlier.”
Putting the gun back into the holster, he said, “I was out collectin’ wood to put on the fire. If we build it big enough, just maybe it’ll keep the wolves from wanderin’ into camp.”
“But we aint heard em in a while,” said the older brother.
The leader let his gaze travel the area. “They’re here. I can feel that they’re here – just like last time.”
“Just like last time?” Parroted the older brother. “What in the dickens are you talkin’ about? Besides, since you’ve been gone it’s been nothin’ but peace filled quiet.”
Ignoring the question, the leader said, “I’d suggest that you and lil brother get to work gatherin’ branches, pine needles and the like.” He then walked a short distance into the dark tree line, gathered up an armload of sticks and wordlessly began throwing them into the fire, then went back into the woods to gather more and repeated the process.
Turning to his younger brother, the older one said, “Well? Go on, git. You heard the man! Get into them woods and gather twigs, sticks, and whatever else you can find, and help build this fire.”
Hesitating, he said, “But what about you? Aint you gonna help?”
Taking off his hat and hitting his younger brother with it, he said, “Don’t be stupid. Someone has to stay here in camp so as to keep a close watch out for them wolves.”
“Wolves?” Fear passed through the other man’s eyes. “B-but you said they was gone? I – I don’t wanna go anywhere near them woods, n-not with w-wolves,” said the younger brother, stammering.
Casting a glance off over toward the leader who was still busy collecting kindling, he lowered his voice and said, “Now you listen to me, and you listen good. You’re gonna go into them woods and do exactly what he wants – ya hear?”
“But the wolves –”
“But the wolves nothin’! There aint no damn wolves.” He whispered vehemently, then in a calmer voice, said, “Don’t ya see?”
“See what?”
“See that the man is crazy. Just because we heard some howling a few times, he believes there are wolves still hangin’ around here ‘watching us.’ Now there aint no tellin’ what a man like him is liable to do. So as not to make him more agitated than he already is, we want to make him believe that we believe him.”
“I see what it is you’re sayin’ but I still don’t like it. The next time he turns his back on us and disappears into the woods, why don’t we make a run for it and hightail it right on outta here?”
“Because we’d never make it, that’s why. He don’t stay gone long enough for us to take the money and slip away.”
“Well why don’t ya just shoot him in the back, and then we can take the money and run?”
“No, too risky. Haven’t you seen his eyes, I mean really seen them?”
“Well yeah, but he can’t live through bein’ shot, can he?”
“There aint never no tellin what crazy can and can’t live through. And with someone as dangerous as he is, I aint gonna take no chances.”
“But you was the one that came up with the idea to kill him, and take the money to begin with.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve changed my mind – not bout the takin’ part, just the killin’ part.” Keeping his voice low, he cast a furtive glance toward where the leader stood across from them on the other side of camp, still busy gathering twigs and breaking off branches from nearby trees, and in a conspiratorial tone, said, “We’ll leave that part to the fire.”
“Oh I get it now.” A wide grin lit up the younger brother’s face. “You plan on burnin’ him.”
“Not so loud!” He clapped a hand over his brother’s mouth then turned back to make sure the leader hadn’t heard. When he was satisfied he hadn’t, he gave his brother a shove to the back, sending him stumbling toward the dark line of trees. Then in a pitch raised loud enough to be heard, said, “Quit bein’ such a sissy and git into them woods and start helpin’ to build that fire.” He then turned to meet the cold stare of the leader. The man just stood there watching him in a way that he found unsettling. Working up a smile, he said, “More often than not I’d swear I got me a sister stead of a brother.” Uncomfortable under the man’s scrutiny, he continued, “I would help to gather wood myself, but seein’ as how you and my brother are doin’ such a good job of it already, I decided that my time’d be better spent right here, keepin’ a look out for them wolves. If they get a hankerin’ to mosey around here, that is.”
Pinning him with a final unfriendly stare, the leader went back to work on building the fire.
A short while later, the small campfire had turned into a raging inferno that spit flames up into the star-speckled sky above. The three men were settled down around the bonfire to rest, the leader on one side and the two brothers on the other. Although none of them had yet spoken there was a tense feel in the air. The leader’s gaze kept nervously shooting to the tree line and the cavernous darkness beyond.
Breaking the uneasy quiet, the older brother said, “You seem awful jittery. Somethin’ botherin’ you? Because if I didn’t know any better, I’d have to reckon that you was expectin’ somethin real bad to be takin’ place here real soon.”
Continuing to sweep his gaze throughout camp, and not allowing it to settle in one place for too long, the leader said, “The wolves – they’re still here, waiting. They haven’t left like I’d hoped they would.”
“How do ya figure that? Unless you saw em while out gatherin’ sticks and just aint sayin’?”
“I aint seen em. I don’t have to see em to know they’re still here. I’m gettin’ that same feelin now as I did before.”
“Oh you’re gettin’ a feeling, I see.” The older brother shared a meaningful look with his younger brother, and scooting over, leaned in close to whisper in his ear, “See? I told ya, he’s crazier’n a hoot owl on a hot summer night in July.”
Giving an overly enthusiastic nod of his head, the younger brother hunched over with laughter, his shoulders shaking from the force of it.
The leader’s sharp gaze shot over to the brothers. “Somethin’ funny over there?”
Smacking his brother on the back, the older one said, “Naw. Nothin’ funny here cept maybe my lil brother in the head. Sometimes he just breaks out into laughter for no good reason. Holds conversations with hisself.” Then to his brother, he said, “Knock off all that cacklin’, ya sound like a damn witch! Can’t ya see you’re irritatin’ the man?”
Puzzled, he said, “But you just –”
Clapping a hand over his brother’s mouth, he lowered his voice and said, “Never you mind what it was I just said. Keep your big mouth shut, ya hear? What’d I say earlier bout rankling the man?”
“You said not to, but I just thought it was funny was all, I didn’t mean no harm.”
“It don’t matter what you did or didn’t mean. The fact is, he is harmful and can’t be trusted. We gotta be real careful round the likes of him. Ya understand?”
Giving a vigorous nod of his head, he scooted back from his older brother, grateful to get away from the eerie watchful gaze of the stranger with the scar, and his older brother’s constant recriminations. Lying down, he covered up with a blanket and soon drifted off to sleep.
A short while later he was brought awake to frantic shaking, and his brother staring down at him. The flickering light from the large fire cast shadowy light across the planes of his brother’s face. “Come on, get up.”
Wiping at his eyes, and yawning, he said, “Why? Did somethin’ happen? Are the wolves here?!” He then shot to his feet at the thought.
“No, there aint no wolves here, you idiot. Don’t ya remember our plan?”
“You mean to take the money and skedaddle?”
“Yes! Shhh – what have I told ya about bein so loud? Now keep a good eye on him while he sleeps.” The older brother gestured toward the outlaw who lay in a propped up position, and was so still that he appeared to be sleeping, if it weren’t for his eyes that remained strangely open.
“But his eyes are open, are you sure he aint awake?”
“Course not. I already quietly snuck up and waved a hand in front of his face, and he didn’t so much as flinch.”
“Then how do ya know he aint dead instead?”
“Because he’s still breathing, Stupid. Now leave the thinkin’ to me, and do exactly as I say. I’m gonna slip into the woods and relieve myself, meanwhile I expect you to wait right here till I’m finished. When I get back we’ll light him up with that there fire, an grab us the money an horses, then get far away from here an hightail it home to Mama.”
“Suppose he wakes up before ya get back?”
“So? If he asks tell him. There aint no law against takin’ a piss. Now just quit worryin’, and do like I said.”
Watching his older brother disappear into the thick woods, he remained rooted in place for a brief moment longer, then yawning, decided to lie back down and rest while he waited. His eyelids grew heavy and without meaning to he was soon sound asleep. Howling rose up all around him and came from somewhere within the cavernous blackness of the tree line. Something was about to come out from the darkness when he shot awake.
Bolting out from beneath the blanket, he got to his feet, his gaze scanning the area. The camp looked just as it had before he’d drifted off to sleep. The blazing fire lit up the small clearing in shifting, shadowy light.
Cautiously, he stole a glance at the stranger who still remained in the same upright position, and momentarily found himself startled when his gaze locked with his unblinking stare. He crept around the fire and over to where the man sat motionless, and brought his face mere inches from the stranger’s. When no reaction came, he was satisfied that the stranger was still asleep.
Since it was still dark out, he reasoned that barely any time had passed and felt a measure of relief that he woke up in time before his brother came back and caught him sleeping. He waited patiently, determined not to make the mistake of falling asleep again, and this time kept a close watch on things just like his brother wanted.
Any moment now, he expected to see his brother emerge from the darkness and into the warm flickering light of the fire. He continued to wait but as more time elapsed, and still his brother hadn’t returned, he began to worry. Forcing away all thoughts of his earlier nightmare, he abandoned the well lit camp for the inky black of deep forest, entering in the same direction he remembered having seen his brother walk earlier.
At first he couldn’t see anything, but as his vision adjusted he was gradually able to make out enough of his surroundings to keep from tripping over fallen branches and tree roots. Every few steps he’d call out to his brother through the blackness, hoping for a response, but when none came he began to feel a growing sense of unease.
His thoughts were spinning with a dozen different scenarios as to what could have happened to his brother, none of them good, when up ahead a short distance in front of him, he spotted him. Even in the darkness he could see enough to make out the hat, and heavy coat.
Yup. That was him all right.
Never in his life had he ever been so happy to see his brother as he was right then. But as he called out to him, and moved closer he realized something wasn’t right. His brother gave no indication of having heard him, and remained eerily quiet.
Stranger yet was how he remained in a sitting position, crouched on the ground, his back partially visible from the small tree he was leaning against. Every now and again, he detected slight movement, as if  there were something hidden further back in the darkness tugging at the feet of his brother, causing the sudden jerking motion of his upper torso. His back still partially rested against the slender tree trunk, but whatever had a hold of his feet caused him to roll slightly to the side in an awkward angle.
Tamping down his fear, and hearing his brother’s voice as if he were right there, whispering in his ear, telling him not to be such a sissy, he ignored the voice that was his own, telling him not to go any further, and closed the short distance. He was about to reach out and touch his brother’s shoulder, when a low growl reverberated from the darkness nearby.
It was then that his startled gaze locked on the yellow glowing eyes of the wolf that tugged at his brother’s feet. The animal’s long snout was curled into a snarl that exposed sharp glittering fangs. The animal was crouched low to the ground, making it impossible to gauge its actual size. Stranger yet was its fur and the way it blended in with the darkness perfectly, causing him almost to believe that what he was seeing was nothing more than a menacing shadow, the stuff from childhood nightmares, a figment of his own frightened imagination. But there was no denying the glowing yellow eyes and fangs, nor could he close his ears to the growl, deep and guttural and frighteningly real.
In a frozen state of paralysis brought on by shock and fear, he found it impossible to break eye contact with the creature until he felt something fall against his foot. His gaze automatically went to the ground at his feet, and saw the pasty white hand of his brother, his arm thrown carelessly over his head, his hand now lying on his shoe.
His startled gaze then locked with his brother’s empty stare. His lifeless body had been dragged from the support of the tree, and now lay face up sprawled out on the ground. He managed to choke out a cry and took off running back through the forest, but in his panic quickly became lost.
Meanwhile, back in camp, the lone outlaw was brought out from his uneasy slumber by collective howling that came from the forest all around. Drawing out his gun, he scanned the open area of camp, and quickly surmised that the two brothers were missing, then grinned at seeing the bag of stolen money still sitting out in the open, untouched. After retrieving it, he gathered the last of his things, then walked out of camp in the direction where they’d left the horses.
The wolves were back. He knew they would be, but had never anticipated things would have worked out so well to his advantage. The wolves, he assumed, had already gotten the two bumbling fools he’d been stupid enough to bring along, giving him the perfect opportunity to take the money and disappear.
He knew he was taking a risk by abandoning the relative safety of the fire, but then again there was nothing to make him believe that something like fire, even a rip-roaring one, could keep wolves like these away indefinitely. And so far, whether it was luck or his own quick thinking, he’d managed to save himself from the monstrous creatures that moved silently through these woods like a bunch of damned ghosts. All he cared about now was making it out of there with his life and money.
He’d almost gotten to the place where the horses had been left, when he heard a shout and the sound of feet running, coming up from behind him. He swiveled around, and found himself staring at the younger of the two brothers. His face was drained of all color, and he was carrying on like a stark, raving lunatic, some gibberish about his brother being dead, and having seen the creature that killed him.
He didn’t have time for this, not if he was going to save himself. There was only one way to shut the frantic fool up. Drawing his weapon, he trained the gun’s barrel at the terrified man’s chest, and said, “Come any closer and it’ll be the last thing you ever do.”
He held his hands above his head, and looking into the leader’s cruel face, stammered, “What – what are you d-d-doing?”
“Aint it obvious?” The leader grinned widely. “Takin’ this here money an leavin’. Oh, and this time I don’t want no company.”
Clasping his hands together, he said, “But ya can’t just take off an leave me here! They’ll kill me!”
But the man with the cold stare and jagged scar that ran the length of his face was no longer looking at him, but was focused instead on what was behind him. Following the other man’s gaze, he slowly turned and saw the same yellow-eyed creature he’d encountered earlier. Only this time there wasn’t just one but many of them.
He opened his mouth to scream, but managed only to make a strangled choking sound. The unnatural creatures were much worse than what he’d imagined. These wolves were bigger than any he’d ever seen, and their bodies had the appearance of shadow, as deep and black as midnight.
These, he decided, were no flesh and blood creatures, but something otherworldly.
No longer afraid of being shot, he gave a warbled scream, and took off running. Instead of bothering to hold him off with the threat of being shot, the leader had already made it to the last remaining horse of the three that hadn’t yet broken its tether and escaped.
Calling out to the leader, he cupped his hands around his mouth, and shouted, “Hey! Wait for me, mister! Wait for me!”
Hurriedly mounting the horse, the leader shot the rope that tethered the animal to the tree, then cast a look back to the unearthly creatures that were easily gaining on the poor petrified fool. Meeting the terrified man’s stare, he gave an unpleasant cackle and said, “Sorry, pardner, but it looks to me like this just aint your or your brother’s lucky night.”
The horse stomped the ground with its hooves. A flash of lightning streaked across the sky and lit the rider’s visage in a ghostly blue flash. In the next instant, the leader caught one last glimpse of the man’s pale, terror-filled face, and giving his last parting words, said, “When ya see God put in a good word for me, will ya?” The leader winked, dug his heels into the horse’s sides, and shouted, “Heehaw!”
Still crying out for help, the man on foot watched as his only remaining hope left. The horse shot off into the darkness ahead, with the leader on its back, leaving him behind to face the yellow-eyed wolves alone.
To his astonishment, he looked to see dozens and dozens of shadowlike wolves leap past on both sides of him. Some turned their enormous heads in his direction, their eyes glittering dangerously as they connected for a split second with his own, while others ignored him altogether, keeping their hungry gaze on the prey that threatened to escape.
Their low growls filled his ears as they continued to leap past, and move with dizzying speeds he never thought possible. He was transfixed and overwhelmed with what he was seeing, and felt his stomach lurch. Curiously, these gothic creatures were just as graceful as they were fast. Their movements were well executed with a precision that was deadly.
He stood there, not daring to move, his teeth chattering and his body trembling uncontrollably. Never had he known fear such as this. The beasts kept coming, multiplying by the dozens and then hundreds. The forest swarmed with them. He looked on in horrified amazement as the fierce predators leaped down from the mountainsides in droves, all intent on one purpose. And that purpose was to catch the horse and its rider.
It didn’t seem possible. How could there be so many? But then again nothing about this night seemed possible, and yet it was happening and he was a part of it.
The neighing of a horse could be heard in the distance, followed by yelping cries and then the screams of a human. Then dead silence punctuated by a deafening chorus of howling from the many wolves, celebrating their kill. He knew what would happen next. In a matter of seconds, now that they’d caught and eaten the faster quarry, they would be coming back for him. There was nowhere to go, nowhere for him to escape. In the end, even the leader hadn’t been able to save himself by riding out on a horse.
Resigned to his fate, he didn’t bother running, but turned and faced the yellow-eyed monsters that menaced him, one last time. Their fangs were bared, growls emanating from them as they converged on him from all sides.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
It wasn’t long before word of the animal attacks spread in and around Rogue, and they were soon deemed the work of wolves.
Grabbing a gun, the miner crossed to the door, and was about to leave when Bella flew in his path. “You won’t be able to kill them. You’d be a fool to even try.”
There was a steely glint in her eyes, and something about it unnerved him. Biting back a sigh, he said, “What’s going on, Bella? What are you so against this for?” But the moment the words left his lips, he regretted the question. Ever since she’d learned of his plans to go out with the other men to hunt down and kill the beasts responsible for so many deaths, she’d given him no peace. They’d argued about it for half the night and the whole rest of the day.
A smirky smile spread across Bella’s lips, and she giggled in a way that made him uncomfortable. He followed her with his eyes as she moved away from him to stand at the hearth, and in a singsong voice said, “Because our son happens to like them. They’re his pets.”
No longer able to curb his rising impatience, the miner said, “Yes, yes. So you’ve said many times over. Well, I’m through listening to all such nonsense coming out of your mouth.”
Rushing back over to him, Bella grabbed onto the front of his shirt and said, “Oh, but you must listen to me. You must!”
Grabbing both her hands in his, he ripped her off him and shoved her back. “Get a hold of yourself. Have you even listened to the things you’ve been saying lately? It’s like you’ve lost your mind. In fact ever since the miscarriage you’ve acted crazy, preserving the fetus of our dead child in a bottle, talking and singing to it as if it were alive, as if it were a real baby, and then coming home one night, with that – that thing!” A look of disgust crossed his face. “Just thinking about it makes me sick.”
“How dare you!” Flying at him with her fists, Bella began hitting wildly against his arms and chest. “How dare you!”
Catching hold of her wrists, the miner pinned her arms down at her sides, and angrily said, “I mean it! I’ve had enough. I don’t pretend to know what’s going on with you, but I do know that since that night you came home with that wild tale about a goddess in the water, and brought that thing into our lives, you’ve become even crazier.”
Twisting out of his hold, Bella slowly backed away, and said, “No, no I haven’t.”
“I don’t have time for this right now.” The miner opened the door, and was about to leave when he turned to look back at Bella one last time. She sat calmly by the fire rocking, a strange smile on her lips. “Just a second ago you were upset. Now you’re smiling, why?”
She looked at him with wide eyes, as if she didn’t know what he was talking about, and said, “I’m just happy you’re going, and hope that you and the other men find what you’re looking for…”
Thinking these parting words of his wife’s to be especially troubling, he left the cabin for the woods. Joining the group of men that had gathered outside, the miner did a quick preliminary check of the chambers in his gun, making sure it was ready, then followed the group of men into the dark forest where the cover of night had already fallen, ensuring that the elusive predators would be out in force, stalking the woods in search of prey.
The miner pushed all thought of his wife and the madness that possessed her from his mind, and turned all his focus on the task at hand. He and the other men spread out to form a strategic perimeter. They’d gone only a short distance when a prickle of fear ran up his spine, and all his senses were heightened. The miner listened for sounds of any kind, but the forest remained strangely quiet. The only sounds heard were the footfalls from himself and the other men as they trod along the forest floor.
Through the darkness it was still possible to make out the silhouettes of the men who moved at the same careful pace that he did. The miner swept his gaze off to the front and sides, keeping the moving figures of the other men in his line of sight, before redirecting his gaze to the darkness that spread out in front of him.
There was something wrong about this night, he could feel it in the air all around him. He drew in a shaky breath, and clutched his gun tightly. The palms of his hands had become clammy and cold perspiration broke out on his brow. Nothing had happened, yet he had the very real feeling that something was about to. The further they went into the woods, the worse the feeling became, causing the fine hairs on the back of his neck to stand on end.
The quiet was shattered by the howling of many wolves. It came from everywhere, and heightened the fear that had gathered inside him.
The miner and the others with him came to a dead standstill, with the barrels of their guns pointed out in all directions; they searched in vain for the danger, but found only blackness and trees. The miner’s pulse quickened and his heart hammered wildly in his chest, even after the howling had ceased and everything had fallen silent once more. There was the distinct feeling that they were being watched by something lying in wait, hidden in the darkness.
The howling started up again.
Fighting against the urge to run, the miner walked in slow circles, expecting at any moment to see one of the beasts leap out from the many trees that surrounded him and the other men. The howling reached a frenzied peak then twisted into screams. It took him a second longer to realize that the screams came from the men around him.
Things unseen, moving at impossible speeds, came into his peripheral vision. Terrifying images of monstrous wolves blacker than night, that appeared as shadowy phantoms, assaulted his vision. The creatures swarmed the forest, and leaped onto the men who were with him. Most scarcely had time to get off a shot before they were devoured. Dense, ghostly white fog blanketed the forest, and swept through the trees in the beasts’ wake, leaving him virtually blind and completely defenseless.
The miner gripped the gun so tightly that the knuckles of his hands had turned as white as his face. The gut-wrenching screams from his companions had died down, leaving him in silence. No longer did he know in which direction to walk, everything all around him looked the same.
He hadn’t gone far when a pair of yellow eyes glowed back at him from the white smoke, and appeared in his path. Unwilling to die without at least trying to save himself, the miner held the gun steady and pointed it directly at the animal’s eyes, then fired. The blast from the gun rang out through the forest, but had no effect on the creature that continued to watch him through yellow, glowing eyes.
A low growl filled the silent void, as the creature moved like liquid through the dense fog toward him, and gradually revealed itself to the miner, who looked on in frozen horror. Powerful muscles rippled beneath the black shadow of fur, and the large, luminous eyes watched him hungrily. The creature shared the likeness of a wolf but was larger, and possessed supernatural abilities.
The miner scarcely had time to register what he was seeing, when the monster took its yellow gaze off him, to look off through the fog in the other direction, and made him think that maybe some of the other men who had gone out that night, had somehow survived.
With trembling hands, the miner prepared to fire off another shot into the creature, while shouting out a warning to whoever it was, not to come any closer, and to leave and try to save themselves before it was too late. The yellow-eyed beast refocused its gaze on the miner, and was about to leap on him when another, much larger wolf with fur the color of shimmering silver, jumped out in front of him. The silver beast menaced the shadow wolf and gave a low rumbling growl. As if in answer, howling growls erupted from the shadowy creatures that remained hidden within the fog. The monster with the yellow eyes backed away, then vanished into the milky white.
The silver wolf turned to meet the miner’s stunned stare. Large lilac eyes glowed back at him, and seemed to be waiting for him to follow it. The silver beast was as beautiful as it was frightening. There was no doubt in his mind that had it not been for this magnificent animal, he too would have met the same fate as the others.
The massive creature remained at his side as it guided him through the blinding fog. The miner hadn’t been walking alongside the silver wolf for long, when the sensation of being watched came over him. The shimmering fur on the silver wolf stood on end as it too sensed the danger, and its  lilac eyes darted knowingly from side to side.
The yellow-eyed monsters, reluctant to give up their prey, were there hidden in the foggy darkness, watching him. The silver beast growled out a warning that reverberated in the stillness, as they pushed through the heavy mist. Yellow, wide, ravenous eyes appeared from the fog, only to vanish back into the milky white, allowing them to pass, unwilling to go up against the mighty silver wolf that had become his protector.
Relief washed over the miner, when through the fog he caught sight of the door to his cabin. The miner reached for the door handle, turned it and was about to step inside, but first he looked back to thank the silver wolf for all it had done. But the beast had already vanished, as if it had never been there at all. Wondering at all he had seen and all that had occurred, the miner stepped inside the safety of the cabin, then closed and barred the door, locking out the fog, forest, and the creatures within it.
Thoughts of what had happened out in the woods, and the terrible fate the men with him had met, raced through his head in chaotic flashes. The whole thing, from the supernatural wild beasts to the enormous silver wolf that had saved him, to the loss of the men whom he lived and worked alongside, all seemed so farfetched now that he was safely ensconced in the cozy surroundings of home.
But then again there was no rational explanation for the child his wife had unexpectedly presented him with. Nor was there a rational explanation for the wild tale she’d told him about the spectacular events that had occurred down in the lake of The Falls. He’d always thought that she’d gone mad from having lost the baby, but now he wasn’t so sure about anything anymore.
The miner imagined that if he were to tell about the things he’d witnessed in the woods that night, many would think him plagued by the same madness as his wife.
As far as he knew, no one had seen the creatures and lived to tell about it. He was the only survivor, and if it hadn’t been for the silver wolf he too would have perished.
Standing by the hearth and staring into the hissing, jumping flames of the fire, the miner remained deep in thought when Bella’s words broke through his concentration. “They died, didn’t they?”
He swiveled around to face her, a look of astonishment on his face.
She slowly ran a comb through her dark long tresses and regarded him with a look of amused delight.
In three quick strides he closed the short distance between them, roughly took hold of her and said, “What do you know about this?” When she said nothing, he gave her a hard shake. “Tell me now, dammit! Men lost their lives out there. Now you better say if you know something.” He studied her face that was tilted up to meet his gaze, and watched as her lips curved upward into a widening grin. A feeling of horror spread inside him, and he abruptly released his hold on her, as though she were poisonous to the touch. “You little monster, you knew exactly what would happen – didn’t you? You knew and you wanted it to happen.”
High-pitched laughter spilled out of her lips. Unable to look at her any longer, the miner turned from his wife and went to bed, hoping to get the horror of the night from his mind, at least for a few short hours.
Soft humming from his wife filled the cabin, and for the first time he began to wonder if the whispered rumors he’d heard spread throughout town were true, that the woman he’d taken as a wife wasn’t insane at all, but was in fact a witch. He felt himself recoil when the last candle was extinguished, and the bed shifted beneath the weight of his wife as she slipped beneath the blankets and joined him in bed.
^^^
Ending the story, Evelyn said, “And now it’s bedtime.”
Although tired, Tommy still wanted to hear more. “Can’t you continue the story for just a tiny bit longer?”
“Absolutely not.” Evelyn glanced at the clock on the wall, and saw that it was close to eleven. “In fact it’s past both our bedtimes. We’ve stayed up much too late.”
Too tired to offer much of an argument, Tommy yawned, and said, “Oh, all right then. Goodnight, Grandma.” His eyes fell shut as he began to snore softly.
Turning out the bedside lamp, she placed a kiss on his forehead before quietly leaving the room, and went to her own bed where she promptly fell asleep.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Pulling up to his house at around midnight, Curt noticed Joanie’s car parked in the drive, and felt a mixture of surprise and relief to see that she had decided to come back from her mother’s. He wanted things to work out between them, and determined to do everything in his power to fix what had gone wrong.
Slipping the key into the lock, he turned it, then being careful not to wake Joanie in case she was asleep, he quietly entered inside. All the lights were out, making it necessary for him to feel his way through the darkness, toward the staircase where he made his way up to their bedroom.
Joanie was lying on her side of the bed, with blankets pulled up snugly around her, and appeared to be sleeping.
After changing out of his clothes and into pajamas, Curt gingerly slipped under the blankets, and had no sooner lain down than Joanie said, “You’ve come home.” There was a hollow sounding dullness to her voice.
“Why wouldn’t I have?” Curt was surprised to discover that she was awake. Pushing himself up into a sitting position, leaning against the bed covers, he stared over to where she lay with her back still turned to him.
“I just assumed that since you were dropping Tommy off at Evelyn’s, that you would have stayed a couple of days there yourself,” said Joanie.
“I wouldn’t do that, not after we talked and you said that you were thinking about coming home tonight. I didn’t want to be apart any longer than we already have,” said Curt.
“You shouldn’t have bothered,” said Joanie coldly.
He felt so stunned by her reply that she might as well have reached out and slapped him across the face. He’d hoped that her return home meant that she’d quit hating him for the tragic loss they’d both suffered, but by her icy demeanor, and the words she spoke to him, he could see he’d been wrong.
Curt moved over to where she lay, and gathered her into his arms, kissing the side of her face, he whispered in her ear, “You don’t mean that. You’re just upset right now.”
He believed that with enough time and love from him, Joanie would come to a sensible conclusion.
She grew stiff and rigid at the feel of his arms around her, and refused to even look at him, but continued instead to stare at the wall. Curt paused, and when all he got for an answer was stony silence, he continued, “You have to quit blaming me for something that wasn’t my fault. Yes, I’m sorry it happened, yes, I’m sorry I wasn’t here, but there’s nothing I can do about it now. When are you going to realize that it wasn’t just your baby, but it was mine too.” His voice trembled, and he paused just long enough to regain control of his emotions. “I wanted this baby as badly as you did, why can’t you see that I’m hurting too?”
“It’s too late an hour to be having this conversation,” said Joanie.
“I see,” said Curt tightly. “You don’t want to discuss it, but would rather blame me instead. Is that it? We can’t go on like this, pretending that nothing is wrong. I wasn’t gone because I wanted to be. I did it for you. Because you weren’t happy. You wanted more money, and the only way I could make that happen was to take on more work. Everything I’ve ever done has been for you, to make you happy. Neither of us knew that the day after I left you would lose the baby. I would have come back early had I known. But you didn’t give me the chance, did you? I never even knew about it until I got back, and by then you were already gone to your mother’s. You left Tommy at a friend’s house, packed a few things and took off. Did you ever take a minute to think about how I might feel? I had to come home to an empty house, and hear about the miscarriage over the phone. I’m not trying to blame you. All I want is for you to try to be reasonable about this, and quit treating me as if I’m somehow to blame for something that was out of both of our control.” Curt broke off the rest of his words, and fell silent. Rolling onto his back, he stared up into the darkness.
Joanie remained on her side of the bed. Finally breaking the silence, she said, “I think we should start sleeping separately.”
“What kind of suggestion is that? I’m not changing where I sleep,” said Curt.
“Then I will.” Getting out of bed, Joanie left the room and disappeared into the hallway, then slammed the door to the guest bedroom shut.
Too shocked and hurt by her actions to try to stop her, Curt lay in bed staring up into the darkness. He thought about getting up out of bed to try to talk to her, but then came to the conclusion that if he left her alone as she clearly wanted, after a few days had passed she’d return to their bed; all she needed was a little time and patience.
Hours later, he was awakened from his sleep by piercing screams. His first thought was Joanie. Throwing off the covers, Curt leaped out of bed and ran into the guest room, where Joanie tossed and turned, while continuing to scream. Rushing over to the bed, Curt held her in his arms.
Still asleep, Joanie cried out, “Make the baby stop! Make the baby stop!”
Gently shaking her awake, Curt said, “It’s all right, you’re not alone, I’m right here.”
Still partially asleep, Joanie clung onto him and through her tears said, “The baby, Curt. It’s-it’s in pain, and crying for me to help it! Its screams were so horrible, that I – I couldn’t bear to hear it.”
Crushing her to him, he held Joanie close while rocking her gently and whispering that it was only a dream.
Joanie awakening from terrible nightmares involving the lost baby became a nightly occurrence, and through it all, Curt was always there at her side, offering comfort.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
The following night Evelyn cooked some pudding on the stove, then after dishing it up for Tommy and herself, settled down in the living room by the fire where she resumed telling the story. She began, “Life for the miner only seemed to worsen with the days that passed…”
Awakening from his sleep, the miner shot up in bed with a start. His heart hammered wildly against his ribcage. The sound of howling came in through the cabin and filled the small space with ghostly cries. Shadows of wolves loomed large and menacing across all four walls. He could see their ghastly forms clearly as if he were out there in the dark with them.
He very nearly forgot to breathe as he watched the menacing creatures converge upon and surround the cabin. In their midst stood a lone deer, visibly frightened and confused, but most of all desperate to get away, but any effort at escape was blocked by the voracious predators who chased it there. The poor animal’s fear was palpable.
He became an unwitting spectator, a helpless victim to the horror and violence as the surrounding walls came alive with images of snapping jaws and sharp fangs. Snarling growls had replaced the howling, followed by bleating cries from the dying animal. It disturbed him to know that all this was taking place right outside his door, and even worse that he was helpless to try and stop it.
The bleating soon came to an end, but the snarling growls continued as they ripped apart the carcass and fought over the meat. The miner wished he could block out the terrible noises, when the laughter of his wife brought him back from his horrified haze.
“Listen –” Her voice came out like a hiss. “Do you hear them?”
He turned away from the grisly scene that played out all around him through shadows on the wall, to Bella who lay beside him in bed.
“They’re feeding,” she added unnecessarily. Even in the darkness he could see the sly smile on her lips, and the gleeful delight in her large eyes. “The reality for the prey is much worse than it sounds to us who are shut away in here.”
Bella’s words cut through the darkness and came to him like the sharp end of a knife. She could feel his discomfort and was gaining perverse delight from it. “Imagine being ripped apart by fangs and claws.” She then broke off in trilling laughter when he gave no reply.
He wanted so desperately to close his eyes to the looming shadows of the wolves feeding, but the horror of what was taking place kept him from doing so. He moaned inwardly at the grisly scene that danced and slid along the walls and ceiling. Finally to Bella, he said, “Why are you doing this?”
“Doing what?”
“Continuing to torment me with all this horror?”
“Horror?” Pausing for effect, she continued, “Is that what you think I’m doing – tormenting you?” Her words segued into more laughter. “It’s not I who torments you, dear husband, but rather what afflicts you originates from your reluctance to embrace me as your new wife and this child –the gift God chose to bestow upon you. It’s time you forsook all memory of your first wife and child, and instead accepted me and our son as your new family.”
“A gift? Is that what you believe this to be – a gift? A child made alive by powers twisted and unseemly? No my wife, I tell you this is not a gift, but a curse!”
Answering him with a shrill angry cry, Bella said, “A gift! Yes, a gift. A gift given by divine intervention! A gift that surpasses all others.” She fell silent once more, then said, “Listen – listen to how they growl…”
She seemed to become giddy as the wolves outside became yet more frenzied in their feeding, ripping and tearing at what was left, and fighting one another over the last remaining pieces.
Bella giggled playfully. There was a deceptively girlish quality to it, and it sounded obscene to his ears. The shadows assaulted his vision, coming at him in quick feverish images that leaped out from the walls. The miner’s gaze then accidentally fell on the crib where the child lay. The air in his lungs froze as his gaze connected with the queer stare of the infant.
The eyes, one red and the other pale blue, stared back at him unblinking. Although repulsed by the sight, he found himself unable to break eye contact with the unnatural creature. A creature – not a child. Because that’s how he thought about this thing, this blasphemy of nature. Those uncanny eyes watching and studying him, seemed years older and more knowledgeable than an infant should be.
This horror, this atrocity continued to watch and study him from across the room. How long had this creature been awake staring at him?
The thought was an unwelcome one, because in truth it was something he already knew the answer to. The infant had never slept, but had been watching him instead, and would continue to stay awake, watching him as he slept, until dawn. The very idea made him uncomfortable. Breaking his gaze from the thing that was his child, the miner forced his eyes closed in an attempt at getting peace, but even if the child would, his wife would allow him no such luxury.
He inwardly cringed as Bella lay back down, bringing the length of her body alongside his, and whispered atrocities in his ear. “Think about those men, and how they must have suffered – men that you worked alongside every day. Men that you helped lead to their death.” She chuckled unpleasantly. “You should have listened to me when I told you not to lead a posse after the wolves – but you didn’t, and so they paid with their lives.” She paused, breathing in a contented sigh then continued, “They must have experienced such terror in those last few seconds or minutes of their miserable, simple little lives. I’m sure they felt very similar to that unfortunate creature that was eaten right outside these wooden walls…” She broke off in tinkling laughter.
The miner tried to shut out the horror-filled images her words evoked. As he drifted to sleep her continued whispers twisted his dreams into nightmares.
He dreamt that this child of his wasn’t a flesh and blood child, but was a creature like the ones who had encircled and then killed the deer right outside his cabin door. Worse yet, he dreamt that this child led the phantom wolves and helped to kill the other men.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
1920
Jacob spent the next day searching for tracks, and setting out traps. It was nearing evening and the sun had already set in the darkening sky by the time he finished. He was on his way back to the cabin when the sound of voices carried to him through the stillness. Being careful not to make any noise or step on any branches that might give his presence away, Jacob followed the voices a short distance through the woods toward the stables. As he got closer, he was able to make out a few words of what was being said.
“Suppose he remembers,” came Frederick’s low gravelly voice.
“We’ll deal with it, if and when that happens. I don’t like it any more than you do, but there’s nothing we can do about it. At least for now.”
As Jacob took a step closer, a branch snapped beneath his feet.
“Shhh, I think I heard something,” said Frederick.
Flattening himself against the side of the stable, Jacob remained frozen in place, as Frederick peered out. Not wanting to be spotted, he scarcely breathed, and felt a measure of relief when Frederick said, “It’s nothing. Probably just a squirrel or something.”
“We’d better be getting back to the house now,” said Fiona.
Jacob remained hidden and watched as the strange pair walked out of the stable and disappeared into the dark forest.
Once he was sure they were gone, Jacob went back to the cabin and was about to go inside when Frederick stepped out from the shadowy blackness, catching him off guard. His pale blue eye shone eerily through the soft white light from the full moon overhead, and then in the next second he had vanished back into the forest.
Unsettled by this surprise encounter, and feeling as if he were still being watched by Frederick, who he was sure still lurked in the darkness, Jacob quickly stepped inside the cabin, taking care to bolt the door shut behind him.
He lit some candles, and after preparing himself a simple meal, thought about the cryptic whispered conversation between brother and sister, and the unexpected sight of Frederick emerging from the darkness. He hadn’t said a word, just stared at him in a way that made his hair stand on end. Before going to bed that night, Jacob went to the window and peered out at the dark forest, and although he saw nothing, had the unsettling feeling that Frederick was still out there.
Jacob had a difficult time getting to sleep, and when he finally did, had vivid unsettling dreams and tossed and turned for most the night.
^^^
1840
Night after night Bella would leave the cabin for the woods. Sometimes she’d have the child with her, other times she’d go alone. Determined to know what his wife did during these midnight excursions, the miner decided to follow her. He pretended to be asleep while listening to the sounds made as Bella moved about the cabin, caring for the child, and waited for the lullaby she’d been singing to come to an end, and soon it did.
Without ever having to look, he knew that Bella would have laid the now sleeping infant down in its cradle, and he listened for the resounding slam of the door that was sure to follow, announcing her departure. Instead came the unmistakable sound of approaching footsteps that stopped at the bed. The miner knew his wife hadn’t yet left, but was hovering there, watching him.
For what purpose? Did she know what he had planned? No, that was impossible, he’d never said or even hinted at his plans of following her. Probably he was worried for nothing.
He became aware of the feel of her breath against his skin, as she leaned down to whisper, “Don’t let the wolves in your nightmares bite –”
The whispered words sent a prickle of fear through him, and then she was gone. The retreating footsteps and cold burst of air, followed by the sound of the door closing, announced her departure.
Quietly, so as not to wake the sleeping infant, the miner stole out into the night, and could just make out Bella’s slender form moving ahead through the darkness. The miner followed her through the forest down a path.
Remembering his earlier encounter with the yellow-eyed wolves, the miner kept alert to any strange noises that might warn him of their presence. Venturing out into the woods after dark was a risk, but it was one he’d have to take in order to uncover his wife’s secrets. The deeper he followed her into the forest, the more he dreaded what those secrets might be.
Despite the wild scenarios that galloped through his thoughts, the miner had no way of knowing that what he was about to come upon was much worse than anything he could have imagined. He’d soon followed her down to the lake, where he remained hidden in a copse of trees, and watched her from the tree line.
Bella stepped down into the black expanse of water, that had begun to swirl around her. With her face turned upward and her arms outstretched toward the starry sky, she shrieked, “Rise up, my shadow wolves and bring death and destruction upon all those living in and near Rogue! And give them the same misery they have given me!”
As if in answer, the night was punctuated by a deafening clap of thunder. Webs of lightning forked out and flashed across the sky overhead. A blinding flash lit up the night as another bolt of lightning shot across the sky. A low growl swirled in the air all around and carried through the trees.
Bella looked over her shoulder, a slow smile creeping along her lips.
Not wanting to risk staying there any longer, the miner slipped quietly into the forest and hurried back to the cabin, horrified by his discovery. Once inside, the miner quickly got into bed before Bella had a chance to come back and discover he’d been gone.
Wrapping the blankets tightly around himself, the miner worked to stop the chattering of his teeth.
A short time later, upon Bella’s return, he found it yet more difficult to lie there as if nothing had ever happened, while pretending to sleep. There was no possible way of forgetting what he’d seen or heard. Worse yet, when Bella did finally join him in bed, he became uncomfortably aware of the cold feel of her as she crawled over to where he lay, pressing her body against his.
^^^
Not long after the miner had gone out with the others to try to hunt down the wolves, word spread about the lives that had been lost, and of the men who had fallen prey to the monstrous beasts. Soon a second group of young men gathered together, each determined to find and kill the wild beasts responsible for all the carnage, before any more lives were lost.
Having seen the ferocious creatures for himself, and having caught sight of Bella at the lake, the miner knew they were up against something otherworldly, and felt it was his responsibility to warn them against it, saying it was much too dangerous. But they refused to listen, and so the miner returned home to the cabin defeated, knowing that all or most of the young men going out that night would never be seen by their families and loved ones again. The knowledge that his wife had indeed called up the evil that plagued Rogue and everyone in it was a heavy burden to bear.
Sitting by the fire, drinking quietly from a canteen of brandy, the miner hoped that with enough sips he could forget about the deaths that were sure to occur that very night. Even the short reprieve brought on by a drunken stupor was better than the knowledge that plagued him.
The cover of darkness had already fallen over the forest. Even though it wasn’t yet bedtime, Bella hummed as she went from corner to corner lighting candles, until the whole room was cast in a warm shadowy glow. The cozy interior of the cabin was a contrast to the turmoil of its occupants.
The miner’s eyelids grew heavy and without realizing it, he’d started drifting off to sleep, when collective howls rose up and carried through the forest and came to rest in his ears, causing him to jump awake.
Bella, who was now seated across from him with the unnatural progeny in her arms, studied him silently while rocking. His eyes met hers, and she gave him a smile that wasn’t altogether pleasant. As if reading his thoughts, she said, “The wolves are out in force tonight, hunting those who would otherwise hunt them.”
Feeling sickened by the memory her words evoked, he said, “So it seems.” The miner watched his wife rocking in the half light from the flickering flames that crackled and popped in the grate, and the dim shadows given off from the lit candles.
It was then that he knew with a chilling certainty that not only was he afraid of the yellow-eyed creatures that roamed the night, but he was in equal fear of his wife and the thing nestled in her arms. More and more he was regretting his hasty marriage to this woman whom he knew nothing about.
No longer was he naive to her cold and cruel nature. And tonight, just as so many other nights before, he was seeing that side of her once more. He studied her in the dancing light of the blazing fire, and did his best to close out her continued damnable humming from his ears, being careful not to let her see how much it bothered him. Instead he thought about what once had been beautiful to him, and now looked deplorable.
How could he have bedded and ever felt passion for this creature with no heart?
The answer wasn’t something he liked admitting to himself. That he allowed his lustful desires to take over reason, and his own need for female companionship was what brought him to The House of the Rising Sun, and into a harlot’s embrace. And then there was Clementine, dear sweet Clementine, his and Suzanna’s only child. A child that was now lost to him forever, and he couldn’t help but feel as if he somehow were to blame. Tears gathered in his eyes, blurring his vision.
He hadn’t realized he was crying until he felt the tears trickle down his face. He quickly wiped at his eyes, and hoped that Bella hadn’t noticed. The howling continued and grew louder as the wolves descended upon the cabin and gathered outside.
Bella stopped humming and said, “All you need to do is step outside, and all your misery would be over with. They’re calling for you…”
Startled from his silent misery by her words, the miner’s gaze left the leaping flames of the fire to meet hers.
Pleased to have his full attention, she said, “They would be on you in seconds, ripping and tearing at you with their fangs and claws, feeding on you until there was nothing left.”
Horrified by the sheer brutality of her words, he deliberately turned his attention to the fire once more. Thinking her to be mad, he offered no reply.
His silence was met with laughter, high-pitched and giddy. “Have you nothing to say, my husband? Tell me, has the cat gotten your tongue? Or perhaps the wolves have already eaten it.” She burst into laughter that was more raucous and louder than before.
Having heard enough, the miner left his place by the hearth, and said, “I’m going to bed.”
Once under the blankets, the miner faced the wall and watched the soft shadowy light that moved along it.
“You won’t be able to sleep. Not with the wolves out howling – howling for your flesh,” hissed Bella.
Saying nothing, the miner forced his eyes closed, in hopes of blocking out her words, and yes, even her very presence in his life. He longed to erase her very existence. Even the simple act of sharing the same bed with her, he found nearly unbearable. Her hatred of him grew daily, hourly, for his continued refusal to accept and love the queer infant in her arms. He could hear the seething anger she harbored for him in her words, and even in the way she looked at him.
It was difficult to understand how he could ever have desired such a monster of a woman. Any man would surely view it as a curse from the gods to have her as a wife. And cursed he was. He must have been out of his mind when he forsook the memory of Suzanna to visit The House of the Rising Sun, a house of ill repute with nothing to offer but misery.
And he had been out of his mind, hadn’t he? Out of his mind with loneliness, and it was for that very reason that he inwardly cursed himself now. How could he have thought that a woman like Suzanna could ever be replaced?
Again, he was confronted with the fact, that thinking had nothing to do with the rash choices he’d made, and had everything to do with loneliness that caused him to give in to his own lustful desires. He’d allowed himself to behave recklessly and now this was his penance – penance for turning away from his late wife’s memory, and turning to a whore instead. A whore that had grown a monster inside of her.
Clementine, his dear beloved child, had been the one source of joy that remained in his life. Ever since her death, he’d often contemplated taking his own life, and in so doing, escaping all the daily miseries and endless grief his existence had become. However, each time he gave it serious consideration, the memory of his late wife and daughter was the very thing that stopped him.
Even now as all these thoughts ran through his head, the miner remained keenly aware of every sound, every movement made by the woman who shared his home and bed. The steady creak made by the chair she’d been rocking their spawn to sleep in, came to an abrupt stop. Her heavy skirts rustled as she crossed over to the cradle and laid the infant down.
He became aware of the shift in the bedding as she alighted down beside him. “I know you’re awake. You can’t fool me.”
The mere sound of her voice caused him to cringe. The uncanny ability she possessed to know whether or not he was really asleep, was just one more thing about his new wife that he found impossible to get used to. But in truth, there were many things about her that he found to be unsettling, even creepy. Giving no answer or indication of having heard her, the miner continued to lie there as if asleep. He then felt the weight in the bedding lift as she left his side.
She moved about the cabin, preparing, no doubt, to steal out into the night with that devil of a child. The sound of her footsteps carried across the floor until they came to rest at the door. “I’m going out now, my husband.” She paused as though waiting for him to answer, and when he gave no response, she chuckled under her breath. A wicked sound that reminded him of a rattler shaking its tail. A burst of cold air blew in from outside as Bella left the cabin and stole out into the night with the wolves whose howling cries grew ever louder.
And even though he knew that she was involved somehow with the deaths, and those that surely would follow, it still caused him a jolt of renewed fear to think that even on this very night while the group of men were out hunting the voracious predators, Bella would take the child out into the forest.
It made her involvement in what was taking place that much more real. He didn’t want to think about what part mother and child might have in the horror that would befall the brave young men, and couldn’t help but wonder if she’d been out wandering the forest with the child on the night when he and the other men had been attacked.
The following day when the miner went into Rogue, just what he feared would happen, did. Talk about it had already spread throughout town. Of this second group of men, there remained only one survivor. The young man claimed to have seen a silver wolf that miraculously appeared in his midst and fought off the shadowy beasts that otherwise would have killed him.
The local paper was quick to print stories about the silver wolf with the lilac eyes, naming the elusive animal The Beast of Rogue. This sparked the interest of many, while most viewed it as a tall tale made up of complete fantasy, a few others took the story seriously, and actually tried to go in search of the mysterious beast but were never able to find it.
The miner often wondered what the silver wolf meant to Bella, or if she even knew of it, but never worked up the courage to ask, for fear of what more she might be capable of, if she were to learn just how much he knew. As it was, she never read the articles printed, and her trips with him into town grew more and more seldom. With no friends and never having any visitors, Bella gradually became a recluse.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
The next day after getting off from work, the miner went into Rogue, and stayed at the bar drinking. He was in no hurry to get home to his wife and child. It was well after dark when he returned to the cabin. Bella was waiting for him with the child in her arms. He was immediately accosted by a barrage of words the second he entered through the door.
“You’ve been out again drinking, haven’t you?” accused Bella.
Shoving past her, the miner said, “Yes, but not near enough for what I have to come home to.”
“What you have to come home to?” she parroted indignantly. “I’ll tell you what you have to come home to! Your wife and child – that’s what.”
The miner stumbled over to the bed, then swiveled around unsteadily on his feet, and said, “That thing,” he gestured drunkenly at the baby in her arms, “is not my child.”
Bella’s eyes hardened, and her lips remained tightly pursed together in growing fury. Through her teeth she said, “One day you’ll regret you said that.”
No longer paying any heed to what his wife was saying, the miner fell down on the bed and drifted into a deep slumber.
When he awoke, it was to darkness. It was deep in the night, between the hour of midnight and one. The miner tried to sit up, but when he did, felt oddly lightheaded. A strange panic had taken hold of him, and at first he was not sure where he was, until giggling coming from somewhere in the darkness filled his ears.
His vision gradually adjusted as his eyes searched through the blackness, and he could just make out the hooded silhouette that stood at the door. “What’s going on?” He took a wobbly step toward the cloaked figure.
“You shouldn’t be awake, my husband. Tonight is dangerous.”
The miner shook his head, and blinked as a memory entered his mind from earlier that night, of Bella waking him from his drunken stupor.
Soft light from the few candles that had been lit, cast a warm glow across the planes of her face as she stared down at him. Her lips were moving, and she was telling him to drink. She held a warm cup of milk up to his lips, and more firmly this time, said, “Drink.” Still groggy, and not yet fully awake, the miner drank down the cup’s contents, then as she was blowing out the last candle, he heard her say, “Sleep well, my husband…” Her face was the last thing he saw right before the candle went out.
Now with the memory having returned to the surface of his thoughts, the miner said, “You – you put something in my drink.”
“What drink?”
“The milk. You disturbed me from my sleep to bring me a cup of warm milk,” said the miner. His voice sounded strange and distant to his own ears, and he knew that whatever concoction or poison his wife had slipped into his drink, hadn’t yet left his system, and was still wreaking havoc with his perceptions and thinking abilities.
“Don’t be silly. Return to bed now, my husband, where you’ll be safe.”
The miner tried to protest, but the heavy dull fog that had settled over him made him too tired to argue.
Sleep.
Yes, that was what he needed, blessed sleep to help him forget the nightmare his life had become.
Returning to bed, he slipped back underneath the blankets, letting his eyes fall closed. Disturbing dreams plagued his sleep, dreams of running through the fog-laden forest, in fear of the growling snarling creatures that chased him.
A short time later, the miner came awake to the howling of wolves. Their ghostly cries penetrated the walls of the cabin. Whether it had been an hour or minutes since he’d fallen asleep, he wasn’t sure. The darkness that enveloped him was absolute, and the howling of the wolves so terrifying that he wished he could go back to sleep and escape their dreadful cries.
The place beside him in bed was empty, and he had the feeling that he was alone in the cabin. Just to be sure, he called out into the darkness, “Bella?” When no answer came, he realized that she must have left while he’d still been asleep.
Pushing the blankets away, and forcing his legs to move, the miner left the bed to cross over to where the crib sat in the corner. Even in the darkness he could see enough to know that the baby was gone. Just to be sure though, the miner fumbled with a candle, and once it was lit, swept the soft light throughout the cabin, penetrating the darkness with its white shadowy glow.
Bella and the baby were indeed gone, and confirmed what he already knew. A feeling of guilt came over him, at the realization that instead of feeling concerned for their welfare as any husband or father surely would be, he felt nothing but relief. Relief to have Bella and the uncanny child gone, and secretly he hoped they’d never return.
Still holding the candle to help him see by, the miner made his way over to the bed, where he pulled off one of the blankets and carried it to the chair that sat next to the fireplace. After blowing out the candle, he settled down into it and covered himself with the blanket. If she were to return, he wanted to be there waiting for her. He was determined to find out what was really going on with the woman he married, and upon her return he planned on questioning her.
The effects from whatever Bella had slipped into his drink earlier still hadn’t completely worn off. Gradually he fell back asleep and resumed his troubling dream of running through the foggy night, chased by things unseen.
A woman’s lilting voice haunted the forest as she sang out,
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin, Clementine,
You are gone now, lost forever,
Dreadful sorry, Clementine…
There was a menacing quality to each verse that was sung. The beautiful, almost ethereal voice penetrated through his thoughts, and grew louder and louder.
Bolting awake, the miner was startled to see Bella seated in the chair across from him, rocking the infant in her arms, a smile full of malice as she sang the very song he’d written in remembrance of his daughter, a song that she now sang to torture him.
A fire had been started in the grate, casting both mother and child in a red glow, making them appear even more sinister.
How long had she and the child been back?
He’d been in such a sound sleep that he hadn’t heard them come in. His gaze swept across the deep shadows coming off the roaring fire, that danced and slid along the wood beams of the walls, to his wife and child who sat across from him. Everything seemed slightly out of focus and hazy, almost as if he were still dreaming and couldn’t quite gather his thoughts. With his gaze now focused on Bella, the miner began to grow lightheaded and dizzy from the constant motion of the chair she rocked in.
She caught his stare with hers, and said, “It’s time you held your son.” Not giving him time to protest, she got up and gently laid the baby in his arms.
The miner stared down into the dreaded face of his infant son, but it wasn’t the queer color of the child’s eyes that caused the scream to rise up and spill out of his throat, but the fresh blood smeared around the child’s mouth.
The miner’s horrified gaze went to Bella, who stood beaming down at them. He then turned his attention to the floor, and the bright red dots that led to Bella’s feet. She held a piece of raw meat that dripped blood. Thrusting it at him, she said, “Here. You finish feeding him. Our son is still ravenous – wild with hunger.” She tossed back her head and broke into raucous laughter.
Bolting upright in bed, the miner came awake with a start. The smell of breakfast cooking on the stove filled his nostrils. The first light from the sun rising over the mountains filtered in through the windows.
Bella turned from shoveling more coal into the stove, and said, “You’re awake.” An almost imperceptible smile crept across her lips. “Slept well, I assume?” She came over to the bed and began making it.
The miner pulled on his trousers, and while finishing up getting dressed, said, “I slept but I don’t know how well. I did notice, however, that you weren’t in bed.” He watched her closely as he pulled on his boots.
Bella talked as she smoothed out the blankets and pillows. “I was up feeding and caring for our child as any mother would.” She then turned her attention to the crib and smiled. “He was awake for most of the night but he’s sleeping soundly now.”
The miner finished lacing up his boots and said, “Did you happen to go out during the night?”
Bella finished making the bed, turned to face him and said, “What a strange question. What would make you ask such a thing?”
Disjointed images from last night flashed through his mind, of waking up to pitch blackness, and Bella hovering near the door giggling, then discovering her at his side, pressing a cup full of warm milk against his lips, ordering him to drink. He remembered how everything spun, Bella’s face and her words, Sleep well were the last things he was aware of, before being swallowed up into a terrifying dream.
The miner hesitated, then realizing he’d fallen silent, said, “Nothing – it’s just that…” His words trailed off as he remembered more from the night before.
Bella moved past him over to the stove, and said, “Why don’t you come to the table. We’ll discuss this further over breakfast.”
Not yet sure how much he wanted to disclose about his disturbing memories, the miner crossed over to the table and sat down. The mention of breakfast caused his stomach to stir.
Bella got out plates and began humming while she worked. Almost immediately he recognized the song she always hummed and sang to try to torment him. The lilting sound of her voice reminded him of other things he’d rather forget, the piercing howls, the unsettling realization that he’d been drugged, to discovering Bella and the child were missing, and how he’d tried unsuccessfully to fight against the intoxicating pull of sleep that dragged him back into the same nightmare.
“I’ve prepared something special for you this morning.” Bella’s voice broke through his thoughts and brought him back to the present. He looked up at her in time to see the almost sinister smile that played on her lips, as she said, “Eat up.”
The miner’s gaze went down to the plate she set before him, and the slab of undercooked meat on it. The sight immediately reminded him of the more disconcerting part of the night, when after falling asleep, he’d awakened to discover Bella seated in front of him, rocking the queer infant, and the shocking sight of what was obviously blood smeared around the mouth of the baby, and then the sound of her voice as she said, He was positively ravenous tonight – wild with hunger. Next he was assaulted with the remembrance of catching sight of the half-eaten raw meat dangling from her hand, drops of blood spotting the floor at her feet.
“I said I’m utterly ravenous.” Feeling the weight of her stare, the miner looked up to see her watching him from across the table. “Aren’t you listening?”
Ravenous.
Bella continued to watch him as she bit into the slab of meat on her own plate, chewing slowly.
Trying not to notice the red drops of blood that dripped from the still partially raw meat, the miner said, “Why ravenous? Why that word?”
Finishing chewing, she said, “Why not that word?”
“It’s just that most people might say hungry, or famished, but not ravenous,” said the miner.
“Well, I’m not most people, am I, dear husband.” Bella poured him a drink, and sliding the cup over to him, said, “Care for some warm milk?”
The sound of his wife’s voice, and the earlier whispered command, Drink! and then the feel of the cup against his lips. Rattled from the vivid images in his mind, the miner immediately got up from his seat and leaving the table, said, “Actually I don’t think I have much of an appetite after all.”
“Oh, what a shame,” said Bella pleasantly as she watched him grab his things and rush outside. Once the door had closed, Bella stared out the window and broke into a slow, wide grin.
The miner spent the rest of the day trying to sort out the fragmented memories in his mind. An infant, after all, couldn’t eat meat– yet that’s what he had seen. If in fact, he really had been awake, unless he’d been having a dream within a dream? However, Bella’s behavior suggested otherwise. When his long day in the mine had come to an end, the miner found himself in dread of coming home to the wife and child that waited for him.
TWENTY-SEVEN
1920
While out exploring the area, Jacob returned to The Falls, and it was during this time that he noticed what appeared to be an opening to a cave behind the waterfall. Intrigued, he gingerly grabbed onto the slippery rocks, finished the short climb, then stepped up into the cavernous mouth of the cave.
Everything was cloaked in inky blackness. Jacob felt his way along the cold walls and moved blindly through the darkness. As he continued forward to an unknown destination, the rhythmic beating of drums echoed off the walls, a tempo to a forgotten song he’d yet to know the meaning of. Jacob followed the sound of drums down the winding labyrinth, until gradually inky blackness gave way to light. Jacob stepped out from the stifling darkness of the cave and into the warmth of sunlight that streamed down from the cloudless sky.
Lush green grass spread out like an emerald carpet. Tall mountains and thick forest rose up all around him. In the center of all this stood a lone Indian chief dressed in traditional garb. The older man’s craggy face broke into a smile as he embraced Jacob and said, “Welcome, son of many moons. We’ve awaited your return.”
Jacob said, “Forgive me, but how is it that you know me?”
Not answering the question, the older man extended a hand and said, “See! You are home.”
Jacob looked on in astonishment as clouds appeared then disappeared in the sky, the sun changed position, then gave way to the moon as millions of stars appeared overhead. These outward heavenly changes occurred at blinding speeds. In the next second it was daylight once more, and the sky the same cloudless blue as before.
Behind where the old chief  now stood was an entire tribe of people that had miraculously appeared. Young men, paint covering their faces and bodies, beat on drums, their voices rising and falling in an ancient song. Women cared for small children, while others did beadwork for blankets and jewelry. Everyone was busy with some task or another, but the second they spotted him, all activity came to an abrupt stop.
The young warriors’ wailing chants along with the beating of drums also came to a close. Jacob tried not to notice the stares as he followed the old chief through camp and then into the large tepee that was open and waiting for them. A fire had already been built and burned brightly in the tepee’s center, smoke rising out through the opening in the top.
After taking his place near the fire, Jacob watched the face of the older man who sat across from him, through the rise and fall of reaching flames. “Why am I here?”
The older man watched him closely, allowing a lapse of silence to follow, then said, “You came to us.”
“Yes, but you knew I would be here, you were waiting for me.”
“Don’t concern yourself with the unimportant things – keep your mind focused. For soon you will have to face the beast.”
“The beast,” repeated Jacob.
“Yes. The leader of the shadow wolves will one day come for you, and when he does you must be ready.” The elderly chief then handed him a knife. “Only this knife can defeat the shadow wolf. Take this gift that I’ve given you and be careful to never lose it. The time when you will need it will come soon. If you were to come upon it, the silver wolf with the lilac-colored eyes should not be harmed. The silver beast has been protecting these woods and the people who live within them since the beginning of time. It is said that the silver beast was once a brave Indian maiden who chose to risk her own life in order to save the lives of others. It is this bravery that caused her to become what was in her heart.”
Accepting the knife, Jacob thanked the elderly chief, then hoping to find some of the answers he’d been looking for, went on to recount everything that had occurred in the brief time since he’d awakened to the sound of voices, and Fiona at his bedside.  Jacob finished by saying, “Please tell me what all this means?”
“What is given cannot be told, but rather must be understood by those to whom it is given. The answers that you seek are locked within your own mind. All you have to do is remember.” After speaking these final words, the old chief and everything else disappeared, leaving Jacob plunged in darkness. The stifling, damp air assaulted his senses once more. He followed the roar of the waterfall and soon found his way out of the cave. Jacob finished the short climb down from the mouth of the cave, then stepped out from behind the wall of water to see that darkness had already fallen over the forest. He cautiously made his way through the woods, with the words, the answers that you seek are locked within your own mind. All you have to do is remember, echoing in his head. Jacob hurried the last short distance, and soon came upon the cabin. The full moon shone down on the small log structure.
As he approached the cabin, he saw the door was ajar and swinging on its hinges. Soundlessly slipping inside, Jacob gazed through the darkness, half expecting to see the shadowy figure of some unknown intruder come running at him from the darker recesses of a far corner. What sounded like the fall of footsteps overhead came to his ears. Jacob remained very still. Someone was definitely there with him in the cabin. The footfalls and the creak and groan of the floorboards overhead were unmistakable.
Not wanting to take his gaze from the door in case there was a second person lurking outside, Jacob backed his way further into the dark cabin, when he hit against something hard, and spun around to see the accordion steps. They were difficult to spot in the dark, but now that he was so close, he could see their outline clearly. Cautiously he started up the rickety ladder, and climbed up into the loft.
It was a spacious area composed of one large room, that was about the same size as the living area below. Four large windows dominated either side of the walls, allowing plenty of light to pour in during sunny days, making it Jacob’s favorite room of the cabin for working on his drawings.
Across from where he now stood, Jacob caught sight of movement near the far wall. Being careful not to give his presence away, he soundlessly closed in on the prowler, and was about to overtake the unknown intruder when the person swiveled around. The warm glow that came off the candle she was holding illuminated Fiona’s beautiful features, as her startled gaze met his.
Heaving a sigh of relief, she set down the candle on the wide window ledge, and said, “Oh, it’s you.”
“Who else would I be?” Jacob regarded her mistrustfully.
Becoming visibly flustered, Fiona said, “I – I don’t know. I thought you might be an intruder.”
“Intruder? That’s an interesting choice of words, since the only intruder I see here is you. What exactly are you doing here?” His gaze then left hers to settle on the open pad of paper that contained his sketchings. “What are you doing with those?”
Hesitating, she said, “I came by to talk to you, when I saw that the door to the cabin was open. I knocked and waited for you to answer, and when you didn’t, I became concerned so I came in to make sure everything was all right, that’s when I noticed the stairs to the loft had been pulled down. I thought I would find you up here, and when I saw that you weren’t,” she paused, giving a short embarrassed laugh, “well, I’m afraid I got caught up with looking at these,” Fiona said, indicating the pad of sketches he had taken from her and now held in his hand. “I found the notepad lying open on the window ledge, and I must say, I’m impressed. They’re your drawings, I presume?”
“Yes,” said Jacob, offering no further explanation to the question.
“They’re very good. The wolves in these drawings look so frighteningly real, it’s hard to look away. I never knew you were an artist.”
“I think you should leave,” said Jacob tightly, still distrustful of her motives.
“All right.” Fiona paused. “I’ll leave.”
Jacob watched as she stiffly walked past him toward the ladder, then wordlessly climbed down to the main floor.
Jacob followed her down and closed and locked the door behind her, then lit a candle and climbed back up into the loft where he stood by the window that overlooked the black forest below. Jacob almost thought that he saw two shadows standing side by side near the dark forest, watching him. He stepped away from the window and picking up the book of sketches again, wondered about their significance to Fiona and her brother. Climbing down from the loft, Jacob got a fire to blazing in the grate, then sitting down, took out the knife he’d been given and studied it. The sharp end of the blade glinted menacingly in the half shadows. He admired the smooth handle, made from deer bone, and wondered about the phantom wolves the chief had warned him about. His thoughts turned to the silver wolf. They were the same creatures he’d seen in his dreams, and that Fiona had been looking at in his book of sketches. An uneasy feeling came over him when he went to bed later that night.
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
The next day Jacob was looking over his sketches, studying the giant wolves depicted in them, when there was a knock at the door. He answered it and felt a measure of surprise to see Fiona. Not giving him a chance to speak, she said, “I came by to apologize. You had every right to be angry last night. I shouldn’t have come into the cabin uninvited, and looked at something as personal as your drawings. It was thoughtless and insensitive. I hoped I could make it up to you by inviting you over for dinner tonight.”
“Don’t worry about it, it’s over with now,” said Jacob. He accepted her offer, and that evening he arrived at Fiona’s as promised. She invited him in, then led Jacob into the main living area, where he waited while she returned to the kitchen to finish up cooking.
Warming himself by the fire, Jacob gazed at the large-paned windows. The drapes were wide open, allowing soft moonlight to filter in from all directions. The flames from the grate cast large shadows against all four walls. In his peripheral vision, Jacob caught sight of movement in the darkness beyond, and had the feeling of being watched. Remembering then what the elderly chief had said about always keeping the knife with him, Jacob reached down into his pocket, and realized too late that he’d forgotten to take it with him. Leaving his place by the fire, Jacob walked closer to the window. Peering out through the glass, he half expected to see someone, but saw only the black line of forest.
Still unconvinced, and bothered by the feeling that someone was out there in the darkness looking in, Jacob slowly brought his face close to the glass once more. His attention was drawn toward the tree line where he glimpsed the shadowy silhouette of a tall cowboy leaning against a tree. The hulking figure was backlit by the light of the moon. Deciding to confront the interloper, Jacob slipped outside without Fiona’s knowledge, as she was still busy cooking in the kitchen.
Letting the door fall silently shut behind him, Jacob cautiously moved toward the lone figure. The cowboy remained eerily still, with his hat pulled down low and his head bent as if he were staring at the ground.
In a voice that betrayed none of the apprehension he was feeling, Jacob called out, “This is private property. You can’t be here.”
There was a beat of silence as he waited for a response, and when none came, he walked toward the lone figure, and louder this time, said, “Hey! Didn’t you just hear what I said?!”
He was about to reach out and grab hold of the stranger, when the cowboy raised his hat and turned to pierce Jacob with eyes that glowed through the darkness like fiery green embers, from the empty blackness of a featureless visage.
Horrified by what he was seeing, Jacob took a few steps back then ran inside the house, where Fiona, having just realized he was gone, was pacing the length of the room and rushed to his side.
Jacob had gotten the door shut and was locking it, when Fiona said, “What were you doing out there?” The rest of her words died in her throat when she saw the expression on his face. Her hands flew up to cover her mouth, as she turned from Jacob and walked back into the main room. In a small frightened voice, she kept repeating, “He’s back – he’s come for me! He’s back! He’s come for me!” These last words were said in a warbled shriek, then taking her hands away from her mouth, Fiona’s gaze went to the drapes that were still open. She immediately went about pulling them closed across the windows.
Jacob had followed her into the main room, and watching her do this, said, “I think it’s time you told me what’s going on here. And don’t try telling me nothing. I saw that thing, whatever it was, and it definitely wasn’t nothing.”
“What exactly did you see?” Fiona stiffened as she pulled the last drape shut, then turned to face him.
“You know exactly what I saw. That’s why you’re so frightened right now.”
“All right. Yes, I know what you saw.” Rubbing both hands up and down her arms, Fiona shivered, and grew pale as she sank down into the nearest chair. “I know, because I saw it, him too. That’s why I asked you over for dinner, because I’ve been seeing him every day now, and I can’t bear to spend another night here alone.”
“What about Frederick? Why didn’t you just ask him to come over if you’re so scared?”
“Because he’s not here. He left to go hunting a few nights ago and won’t be back for another day or so.”
“I see,” said Jacob.
“Please say you’ll stay the night?” Fiona looked to him beseechingly.
“I’ll stay but you have to tell me what’s going on,” said Jacob.
Looking at the leaping flames in the grate, Fiona said, “For the longest time I hadn’t wanted to believe it.”
“Believe what?”
“The whispered tales and superstitions that have been passed down through the Sinclair family. Until one day I too began seeing him, just like everyone else in the Sinclair family had before me. The ghost rider.”
“A ghost rider?” repeated Jacob.
“Yes. You saw him for yourself, didn’t you?”
“Yes, but –”
“Yes but – what? There must be a more reasonable explanation? Well, rest assured, there’s not. I should know. If there were, I wouldn’t be living in this constant state of terror.” Then leaning forward in her chair, Fiona reached over and clasped Jacob’s hand in hers. “Which is exactly why you need to be so careful. If the stories about my great-great- grandmother Bella and her infant son are correct, as I now believe them to be, then it’s also true that the former occupants of Rogue never left.”
“So you’d have me believe it’s haunted?”
Sucking in a breath, Fiona said, “Yes – I never meant for you to find out – at least not in this way.”
“You mean you hoped you wouldn’t have to tell me,” said Jacob.
“Perhaps, but I was only trying to protect you,” said Fiona.
“Or maybe you were trying to prevent me from leaving? Not many people, I’m sure, would be so willing to stay in a place, once they’ve seen something like what I just did.”
“Yes, that too. It looks now as if my silence on these matters has been for nothing. I haven’t been completely forthcoming about my family, and the legacy that surrounds them, and it’s time you knew the whole truth.”
Fiona went on to tell him about the sins of her great-great-grandmother Bella, how she was ostracized by the entire community of Rogue, and that she’d worked as a prostitute in The House of the Rising Sun, until she met a wealthy local miner. She became pregnant with their first and only child, and soon after they were married. It was thought that the miner hadn’t really wanted to marry her, and did so only after discovering she was pregnant with his child. Unfortunately though, after the child’s birth, the miner became cold and distant. He refused to accept the baby as his own.
Fiona said, “It’s been rumored that Bella had lost the child before it was born, and that she went half mad with grief, and kept the fetus in a bottle, then by unnatural powers the child miraculously returned to them. This, of course, is something that was never substantiated and as a result I believe it to be nothing more than a fabled story.
The child, you see, was born with a genetic mutation, one that affected his eyes.” Fiona paused. “It’s the same genetic mutation that Frederick was born with.”
Jacob was then immediately reminded of the patch he noticed Frederick wore over one eye, and the eerie pale blue of the other.
“The people of Rogue, including her own husband, the miner, believed Bella to be a witch. A mob was eventually formed, and the townspeople chased Bella with her infant son in her arms, down to the lake, where legend has it that she called upon wolves to come down and protect her and her son from the would-be attackers. But of course, most of what I just told you is based purely on conjecture. These type of stories have a way of becoming more fantastic with each retelling, and soon end up taking on a life all their own.”
“You said there was an angry mob, so how did she manage to save both her and her child’s life?”
“The answer to that question isn’t clear. It was thought that she took refuge in the cave behind the waterfall, and that the angry mob became afraid and left when wolves were spotted coming down from the mountains. Of course afterward people talked, and it soon became the common consensus that Bella and her unnatural progeny were responsible for the wild beasts’ appearance.”
“What happened to Bella and her son after that?”
“According to what our grandfather told us, Bella returned with the child to the cabin, but being the superstitious and weak minded man that the miner so clearly was, he left both Bella and their son, never to return. Of course again, it was speculated by others that the miner had fallen victim to the wolves himself. Although there never was any proof to back up such assumptions. The town’s people were too frightened of both mother and child to ever form a mob against them again.”
“And the son? Whatever became of him?” prompted Jacob.
“The son, although plagued by the same malady that afflicts Frederick now, grew up under his mother’s loving, attentive care, and when he became old enough, eventually left both his mother and Rogue behind, to search out his own life. It was said that he returned with his new bride in tow, but Bella wouldn’t tolerate sharing her only child with anyone – including his own wife. She made the poor girl’s life so miserable, so unbearable, that right after having given birth to their firstborn, the young woman abandoned her own child, and fled both her husband and mother-in-law, never to be heard from or seen again. The son, although understandably distraught over the loss of his wife, couldn’t bring himself to abandon his now old and feeble mother, and ultimately stayed and raised the child there. Needless to say, when our grandfather grew up, he also got married, but as seems to be the curse of the Sinclair family, it too lasted just long enough for our father to be born. He too eventually married, and again the union remained intact for a bit longer than all the other marriages had in the Sinclair family. Instead of just having a single child, our parents’ marriage lasted long enough for my birth, and then a year later Frederick’s. Sadly we never really did get to know our mother. Soon after having given birth to Frederick, she left the hospital never to return. No doubt she was horrified by her son’s appearance when she looked at his eyes. So as you can see, there has never been a marriage that has worked out, starting with the ill-fated marriage of our great-great-grandparents. Neither Frederick nor I have any desire to repeat the marital woes of our predecessors, and so have wisely chosen to remain single.”
“Such a life of solitude must get lonely,” said Jacob.
“Loneliness is something I can live with, the coldness of a spouse who has grown to hate me is something I could not.”
Fiona ended the discussion to set the table. The conversation was resumed over dinner, where Jacob inquired further about the ghostly sighting he’d had earlier that evening. Fiona explained that it was her theory that the original occupants of the area hated her great-great-grandmother so much, that it was this vengefulness that caused the ghost rider to stay.
“So what you’re telling me then, is that the ghosts of the townspeople want both you and your brother to leave?”
“Yes,” said Fiona simply.
“The ghost rider, other than trying to frighten you away, what does he have to do with all this?”
Giving a shrug of her shoulders, Fiona said, “That’s something I don’t have the answer to.”
Jacob went to bed that night mulling over his and Fiona’s discussion, and the warning given by the elderly chief about danger being all around him. When he did finally close his eyes, it was the featureless visage of the ghost rider and his fiery green eyes that haunted his dreams.
Jacob woke up early the next morning and left Fiona’s house, where he’d spent the night, and started through the woods on his way back to the cabin. Since he hadn’t gotten much sleep, he decided that he might as well get an early start to his day, and admittedly was more than a little anxious to retrieve the knife he’d left behind.
It was still dark out, and the early morning mist had wound its way through the trees and foliage, blanketing everything in a seemingly impenetrable ghostly white. Jacob had almost made it to the cabin when a low growl floated to him through the early morning stillness. Out of the white mist appeared the face of a silver wolf, its lilac-colored eyes glowing dangerously. The rest of the animal’s body then slowly emerged, as it moved steadily toward him. Muscles rippled beneath the dense coat of silver fur.
Both amazed and frightened by the sight of the creature before him, Jacob stumbled a few steps back, when all at once the silver wolf leaped into the air, landing on its feet directly behind him. Jacob swiveled around to see a large shadowy black wolf. Its eyes, one red and the other a pale blue, were what he noticed most about it. This animal, he realized, had managed to follow him without making a single noise that would have given its presence away.
Jacob found that he was unable to do anything but watch, as the two beasts came together in a vicious clash of fangs and snarls. The black wolf, although powerful, was no match for the silver wolf and after having been injured, retreated from the fight. A bloody gash made by the claws of the silver wolf ran down the beast’s face in a jagged line. The wolf’s mismatched eyes locked on Jacob’s right before it turned and fled into the fog-laden forest.
He then looked at the silver wolf, whose lilac-colored eyes glowed back at him, and knew that he was looking at the great mythical beast of protection that the elderly chief had spoken of. The silver of its fur sparkled like diamonds through the dense cover of fog, and then in the next instant the silver beast had vanished from sight.
Once back in the cabin, Jacob was relieved to find the knife undisturbed, lying on the stand next to the bed where he’d left it. Slipping it back into his pocket, he thought about what had happened. The black wolf had appeared more as a phantom than a flesh and blood animal, and he had a clear remembrance of it as the creature who menaced his dreams – the very creature the elderly chief had warned him about.
Neither one of the creatures he encountered that morning was a flesh and blood animal. Rogue, and the entire area surrounding it, was turning out to be anything but ordinary, and everything Fiona had told him about Rogue was appearing to be correct. Hoping to eventually make sense of things by unlocking the secrets within his own memory, Jacob climbed up into the loft and began drawing sketches of his encounter with the two wolves.
That night, Jacob awoke out of a dead sleep to a loud crash and thrashing sounds coming from just outside the cabin. Getting out of bed, he reached over and lit the single candle that sat close by. Then, holding it out in front of him, he crossed over to the window, and peered out into the blackness beyond, but saw nothing more than his own reflection mirrored back to him. Setting the candle on the mantel of the fireplace, Jacob returned to his place at the window. This time, without the interference from the light cast by the small flame, he was able to see outside, but from the vantage point of where he stood, the only thing he saw was the darkness of the forest. Leaving the candle where it sat, he donned an overcoat, pulled on the pair of trousers he’d left draped over a chair, then putting on shoes, took his knife and quietly left the cabin.
Stepping out into the darkness, his gaze swept across the many trees that covered the area. It was deep in the night, well past the midnight hour, but not yet dawn either. Although there was nothing Jacob saw that would explain what he’d awakened to, he couldn’t rid himself of the feeling that he wasn’t alone. His gaze darted through the numerous trees while he held his breath and waited. There it was again. The same thrashing sound, almost like the kind made by an animal trying to free itself from a trap. Or perhaps it was something else.
He followed the noises a short distance through the heavily wooded forest. There were so many trees dotting the area that at first Jacob didn’t see him. Hidden amongst a large copse of trees stood the dark shadow of a figure. In the moonlight, Jacob first caught sight of the deer, its eyes wide and unseeing, lying in a pool of its own blood. Jacob’s gaze then traveled up to the sharp edge of a blade that glinted from the shadows. Drops of crimson fell from it, onto the carcass of the deer below. His gaze then went to the hulking figure that clutched the weapon.
Jacob’s heart raced in his chest as his stare settled on Frederick’s. His face was shrouded in deep shadow, only his eyes were visible. One, the pale blue that he recognized, and the other a deep crimson that glowed back at him through the darkness.
This was Jacob’s first time seeing Frederick without the eye patch. His thoughts immediately turned to the conversation with Fiona, and what she’d said about Frederick’s eyes, that he’d inherited the genetic malady that had afflicted other members of the Sinclair family. Until now though he’d never realized just how severe an abnormality it really was. A shiver of fear went through him, as he remembered the attacking wolf from earlier, and that the beast’s eyes had looked just as Frederick’s did now. And then through the slight shift of moonlight and shadows, one half of Frederick’s face and the jagged line that ran down it became clearly visible, a cut that closely resembled a scratch made from a claw, reminding Jacob of the fight he’d witnessed between the two mythical beasts, and more importantly, the jagged mark made by the silver beast that ran down the shadow wolf’s face.
A tense beat of silence passed between them.
“You shouldn’t be out after dark. It’s not safe…”
The sound of Frederick’s gravelly voice broke through his thoughts. Shaken by the unexpected encounter, Jacob said something about having heard strange noises, this was followed by an awkward pause, before he quickly left and started back through the woods to the cabin. Once inside, Jacob barred and locked the door then got into bed, but he was unable to get back to sleep for what was left of the night. His thoughts kept returning to the shocking sight of Frederick standing over the dead deer, the jagged mark along his face, and the startling color of his eyes, reminding him of a burning hot poker. Although Jacob tried reasoning it out, telling himself that the injury to Frederick’s face could have happened any number of ways and was simple coincidence, he couldn’t ignore the facts either. What about the eyes? There was no denying that the shadow beast and Frederick shared the same color of eyes. Perhaps that too was just a coincidence. It wasn’t, after all, unheard of for animals to be afflicted with some of the same maladies as humans. Even after having thought all this out, he still couldn’t rid himself of the nagging feeling that there was a connection between the wolf that had tried to attack him, and Frederick.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Jacob spent the following day out scouring the forest, it was early evening by the time he got back. Walking through the darkness toward the cabin, he was about to go inside, when a voice from behind, said, “Frederick told me about last night.”
He turned around to see Fiona step out from the darkness.
“I’m afraid I owe you an apology for his behavior, but as I’ve said before, he’s not accustomed to being around people, and doesn’t always behave appropriately. I hope that seeing him without his patch wasn’t too much of a shock for you. Most people find him unpleasant to look upon.”
Not quite sure how to respond, Jacob said, “No, no, everything’s fine.”
She then looked back over her shoulder, and said, “You can come out now.”
Frederick peered out from behind a lone tree, his fingers wrapped around the trunk, digging into the bark. The pale blue of his one good eye locked on Jacob, in an unblinking stare, while the other remained hidden behind the patch that he now wore. The jagged line that ran the length of his face was visible through the shadows, and made him somehow appear that much more sinister.
“From now on, I expect that you’ll leave our guest here, alone, and find a better hunting spot,” said Fiona.
Without taking his eye off of Jacob, Frederick said, “I won’t bother him.” But the cold look in his eye suggested otherwise. Frederick then disappeared back into the woods. Once he was gone, Jacob said, “He doesn’t seem to like me very much.”
“It’s your being here that he doesn’t like.” She turned and left, abruptly ending the conversation and in so doing, discouraging any questions he may have had. Jacob watched her leave, then went inside with the brief but strange visit from Fiona and her brother on his mind, and found that he was exhausted from all the strange and unsettling occurrences that continued to happen around him, and was beginning to feel somewhat overwhelmed by it all.
After having gotten a fire going, Jacob settled down in front of it. So much had happened in such a short time, and yet here he was, no closer to understanding it now than he was before. Sipping from the brandy that he’d discovered in the cellar, Jacob mulled everything over, from the time he’d awakened to see Fiona, a virtual stranger standing over him, to now.
Who really were Fiona and her brother? And more importantly what secrets were they hiding?
Lulled into extreme tiredness from the warm liquid that circulated through his bloodstream, Jacob soon fell into a light slumber, only to come awake moments later with a start. His gaze automatically went to the fireplace, then to the rest of the room. Soft shadows cast by the jumping flames hit against the walls and traveled across the floor.
What had caused him to come awake so suddenly?
All was quiet. The only sounds were those that came from the popping crackling of the fire. It was almost as if his subconscious were trying to warn him, and knew of danger that he himself had not yet become aware of. Leaving his place by the fire, Jacob crossed to the window and peered out into the darkness, half expecting to see the menacing figure of Frederick standing at the edge of the tree line watching the cabin, as he’d done before, but instead saw only trees and darkness.
Believing it now to have been a dream that he couldn’t remember that had disturbed him out of his sleep, Jacob walked back over to the fire. He sat down and was about to close his eyes when a growl penetrated through the walls of the cabin, and sounded almost as if the animal were right there in the room with him. He recognized the growl, remembered having heard it before from the phantom wolf the morning it had appeared from the mist. Taking the knife with him, Jacob slipped out the cabin door and into the night.
Tonight it would end with either his death or the death of the phantom wolf that now came for him. This creature, although he didn’t yet know why, was after him, and it was time he faced the monster that stalked both his waking and sleeping hours. Jacob cautiously walked a short distance from the log structure toward the black line of trees.
The growling had come to a close, and now only silence remained. Sure that the beast remained concealed somewhere close by within the darkness of the forest, Jacob scanned the trees, waiting for it to show itself. A prickle at the base of his neck caused him to spin around, thinking that the wolf might have come up from behind as it had done before, but there was nothing, no sign of danger, nothing to warrant the feeling he was having.
Deciding that the beast must have left the area, Jacob started back toward the cabin, and was almost to the door, when a monstrous growl sounded from directly above. He looked up in time to see the shadowy form of a wolf standing on the roof, its pale blue and red eyes glittered menacingly down at him, then it leaped through the air toward him. In the split second before the creature made contact with him, Jacob reacted by stabbing the knife’s blade deep into the wolf’s heart. The shadow wolf burst apart, becoming drops of rain that hit the earth, then rose up as white mist that evaporated into nothingness.
Howling cries filled the night, and somewhere off in the distance, Jacob thought he heard the piercing screams of a woman that mingled with the howling, and echoed off through the forest.
CHAPTER THIRTY
Jacob went to bed early that night, and despite the near fatal encounter with the strange phantom-like beast, followed by the shocking way in which it simply vanished, he fell asleep quickly, almost as if he were being pulled into a deep slumber and the very real dream he now found himself in. No longer was he in the cabin in bed. Breathing the stiflingly damp air into his lungs, his gaze wandered along the walls of the cave, and followed the dancing shadows, cast by the frantic rise and fall of flickering flames of the fire that burned in the very center. The shadowy light that slid against the walls of the cave gradually took the form of moving silhouettes.
He looked on in amazement to see that he wasn’t alone, there were people, people he knew and recognized as belonging to the same tribe he belonged to, and he was standing right in their midst, but soon realized that he was an invisible spectator to the scene that was unfolding before him. A ceremony of some kind was being performed, a sacred ritual. He recognized the warriors and their painted faces from a past dream, and now here he was revisiting it, only this time from a slightly different perspective. His gaze went to the far center of the cave, and he was startled to see that he was lying on the ground, unconscious and unaware of what was taking place around him. He looked the same as he did now, except for the clothes. Instead of being dressed as he was now, the clothes on him resembled the ancient attire worn by the others. Lying there beside him was the same yellow-haired beauty from his dreams. She also appeared to be unconscious.
Clementine.
Her name was Clementine, but how could he have known that?
Unexpected, vivid images of the yellow-haired girl filled his mind like a million photographs. There they were, walking hand in hand together through a field of wildflowers, deep in conversation, when she turned and smiled at him, her blue stare reminding him of the brilliant cobalt petals of the flowers that dotted the landscape all around them. Slipping her hand free from his, she twirled out in front of him, the full yellow skirts of her dress spinning out around her. Tossing her head back, she laughed as he reached out and caught her. The sound of her laughter reminded him of a gentle caress. Now holding her in an embrace, he stared into her beautiful eyes, and then his gaze slid to her full lips as she said, “I wish we never had to leave here, but could stay in this moment forever.”
And then he heard himself say, “No matter what happens, I’ll never stop loving you.”
She tilted her face up to his, and met him in a full-on kiss. When they came apart, he heard himself say, “You’ll always be my beautiful flower.”
You’ll always be my beautiful flower…
The memory jolted his senses as he remembered Clementine was his beloved from another lifetime ago. After this, more forgotten memories flooded his mind, as dozens of fragmented images of himself and Clementine came back to him, including the events that led up to her accidental fall into the swirling waters of the lake below.
And then, still an invisible spectator, he watched as time rewound itself. No longer was his former self lying unconscious on the floor of the cave, but now stood outside on the rocks close to the lake. He watched himself become stricken with grief at having discovered her body, and his plan to end his own life by joining her, but no sooner had he given her over to the lake, than he came face to face with a large wolf, the same animal that he’d just recently encountered and killed. In growing apprehension, he watched as he ultimately lost his footing on the slippery rocks, causing him to fall to the ground, where he would have perished, had it not been for the members from his tribe that while out hunting, caught sight of the large beast and taking it by surprise, ran at the creature with their spears, successfully scaring it away.
Running over to where Hiawatha lay unconscious, the members of the hunting party carried him behind the sheet of running water and into the cave where they laid him on the ground, then got a fire burning in the very center.
Warmth soon came off the rising flames, casting the once inky blackness of the cave in a bright orangey glow. Without warning, a great wave broke through the curtain of running water, burst into the mouth of the cave, then rushed back out, leaving a young woman clad in a yellow dress lying there in its wake. She was so deathly pale and still, that it was immediately assumed that the mysterious woman given up by the lake was dead, but after having laid her down by the fire next to Hiawatha it was soon discovered that she had a pulse, although very weak.
“Grandma,” interrupted Tommy. “I thought that Clementine died?”
“She did, until Hiawatha unknowingly wished her back to life.”
“Was it the goddess of the water that granted it?”
“No, this particular wish was granted by the great serpent himself.” Evelyn then resumed the story, and said, “No longer was she dead, but was in a state of unconsciousness where she and Hiawatha were each sent on their own spiritual journey…”
A terrible thought came to him.
What if he really was dead, and now this was his plight, to walk unseen amongst the living for all eternity? And if this were true, then what existence might Clementine be forced to endure?
He remained as a ghost walking among the living in a dreamlike state, and was overcome with despair at the thought, when out from the darker recesses of the cave appeared the elderly chief that he’d encountered when for the first time he’d entered the cave. Only now, though, he recognized the approaching older man, and in disbelief said, “Grandfather? Is it really you?” He realized then that he hadn’t expected a real answer in return, but had thought he’d remain invisible to his grandfather as he had with all the others, and so was further surprised when his grandfather answered, “It is I.”
“Why is it that no one else can see me?”
“Because neither one of us is really here. You’re dreaming, and I’ve momentarily stepped into that dream. I’m merely a visitor as are you. I’ve come to warn you.”
“Warn me of what?”
“Of the impending danger you’ve yet to face. If you don’t succeed then we shall all perish. You and the yellow-haired girl are our only hope. Our people and the very future of Rogue depend upon it.”
His gaze then left his grandfather’s and went to where Clementine still lay unmoving beside him. “That means then that she’s –”
Before he could finish, his grandfather said, “Alive, yes. Just like you, she too is on her own spiritual journey. The two of you will come together soon enough, but first you must listen very carefully, and do exactly as I tell you before time runs out. You must hurry, Hiawatha, and awaken out of your sleep, leave the cabin, and make it into the cave before the twelfth hour of midnight. Or else the portal that connects past and present will vanish during the lunar eclipse that will occur on this very night…”
After having spoken these final words, his grandfather turned and started walking away into the unfathomable blackness of the cave.
He desperately wanted to call him back, to ask more questions, but knew it was too late as he watched his grandfather leave the darkness, and vanish into a prism of light. He turned to where the others had been, but they along with Clementine and himself had all vanished, leaving him there alone, plunged in blackness.
His eyes flew open, and through the shadowy moonlight that filtered in from the windows, his gaze connected with the wooden beams overhead.
“And that is all for tonight. Grandma’s voice needs to rest, and I have a movie here for us to watch.” After putting it into the DVD player, Evelyn wrapped Tommy in her arms as the two of them settled down for the night to watch the show.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
Present day
Curt walked in the door and was already loosening his tie as he made his way up the stairs to the bedroom. It had been a long day spent in court, and all he wanted to do was take a hot shower and fall into bed. When he entered the room he was careful not to wake Joanie, in case she was already asleep, but instead he was mildly surprised to find her seated in front of the mirror at the dresser vanity. The lights that bordered the large oval mirror were lit on low, and gave off a dim glow, casting her in soft light. The room was redolent of Wild Brambles, her favored perfume, with an underlying muskiness.
Even though Joanie had moved back into their bedroom, things had been strained between them, and hadn’t gotten better the way he hoped they would. Most days Joanie scarcely spoke more than two syllables, and most of their time together was spent in silence. He so desperately wanted things to be right again between them, but had almost given up hope. He wondered why she was sitting in the near darkness at such a late hour, but kept these questions to himself. Joanie was grieving the loss of their unborn child, he knew that, and didn’t want to pressure her into a relationship that she wasn’t yet ready to be in. As his long-time friend and colleague had explained to him when Joanie had lost the baby and this whole nightmare began, everyone grieved differently and this distancing of herself from him was Joanie’s way of coping.
Deep down what hurt the most, and what his friend Patrick, probably to spare his feelings failed to say, was that Joanie wasn’t merely grieving, but held him somehow responsible, that he didn’t earn enough to meet all her many needs and satisfy her weekly spending habits. Curt tried telling himself that Joanie’s way of thinking was unfair, and that he shouldn’t give credence to it, but even this knowledge didn’t lessen the sense of guilt he carried with him. Maybe Joanie was right. Maybe he didn’t provide well enough for her. Rejecting these insidious doubts that would invariably creep in from time to time, he told himself that Joanie was a compulsive spender, and no amount of income, no matter how much, would ever be enough to satisfy her.
Joanie ran a comb through her short blond tresses, and took her time arranging the bouncy curls. Without taking her gaze from the mirror, she said, “I heard you come in.”
“I tried to be quiet. Sorry if I woke you,” said Curt, taking note of the unmade bed.
“You didn’t.” Joanie glanced at the bed and said, “I tried to sleep but didn’t have much luck.” She got up from the chair and turned to face him. She wore a white satin negligee, and he was struck by how beautiful she was, but even more surprised by the warmth in her voice, when she took a step toward him and said, “I’ve missed you.”
“You don’t know how long I’ve waited to hear those words.”
“Well, you’re hearing them now.”
A flash of brilliant color caught his eye, drawing his attention to the sparkling white diamonds surrounding her neck. “Pretty necklace. I don’t remember ever seeing it before. Where’d you get it?”
Even in the dark he could see the faint look of startled surprise that crossed her face, almost as if she momentarily forgot she was wearing it, but then vanished and was replaced by an expression that was unreadable. Absently, she reached up and ran her fingers along the glimmering diamonds, and said, “It was just a little something I picked up today – do you like it?” Her tone was seductive and sultry.
Admiring the way the white satin clung to her flat stomach and fell across the rounded curve of her hips, he said, “There’s a lot I like that I’m seeing right now, and the necklace is just a small part of that.”
She gave a shy little smile, tilting her head ever so slightly to the side, and said, “I thought you might.”
Soft light from the open window fell across her slender form, and she looked startlingly beautiful in the pale light of the moon. His gaze settled on her full red lips that were a dramatic contrast to her powdery white complexion, which as she got closer,  he saw was slightly flushed. Her steel-gray eyes were large and luminous, and he found himself enticed and more than a little taken off guard by his need and desire for her. All thought of sleep was forgotten as he met her half way and drew her into his arms then covered her mouth with his.
The next day, morning light shone through the window, and fell across the rumpled mess of blankets and sheets. Curt opened his eyes to find Joanie already out of bed and dressed, clad in a skirt and blouse. She was standing in front of the mirror putting on earrings; the diamonds she wore last night glittered around her neck. The digital readout on the bedside clock displayed eight A.M. He watched as she continued getting ready. Leaning close to the mirror, she carefully applied a sweep of mascara to her top and lower lashes, then a coat of coral to her lips, and remained unaware of his silent scrutiny.
“What are you doing up so early on a Saturday? Is there an important engagement that I’m unaware of?”
Not bothering to look from the mirror, she said, “No – not anything that involves you anyway.” She then applied a sweep of color to her cheeks and black liner to her eyes.  Taking one last look in the mirror, she said, “There’s a luncheon I have to attend. It’s a work engagement to discuss the latest fashion accessories to feature in the next Trending article.” She finished primping then turned to look at him, a slight frown on her lips. “I thought I told you about this just last week.”
Deciding not to point out that she was hardly speaking to him at the time, nor had she mentioned or even hinted at an engagement, he said, “It must have slipped my mind.” He stared at her as she continued to get ready, all the while thinking about the night before, and how much he’d wanted her and how beautiful she looked then and now.
Becoming aware of his eyes on her, she said, “Why do you keep watching me in that way?”
Getting up from the bed, he crossed over to where she stood at the mirror. He wrapped his arms around her, and brushed his lips along the side of her neck. “Just thinking about how beautiful you are and how lucky I am to have you.”
Struggling out of his arms, she said, “Yes, well I must be leaving now.” She slipped on some heels and walked out of the bedroom and down the hall.
He followed her to the front door and said, “Isn’t it still too early for you to leave? It’s not even nine yet.”
“I have appointments scheduled all morning. There’s some shops that we’re considering featuring in next month’s issue, and I need to look at the pieces we’d be most interested in.” Joanie grabbed her purse and keys, then said, “I gotta run.”
He was about to kiss her goodbye, but she walked out the door before he had time. Curt stood on the porch and watched her open the driver’s side door and get in. He was about to ask when she thought she might be back, but almost as if reading his mind, she rolled down her window and said, “There’s a few errands I have to run afterward, so I probably won’t be back until late.” She then rolled up her window and pulled out of the drive and onto the road.
He stayed there for a short while longer, watching as she turned out onto the main thoroughfare and disappeared from sight. Muttering under his breath he said, “I guess that answers that question.” He went back inside, shut the door and walked into the kitchen where he got some coffee going and fried up some bacon.
He couldn’t make sense of Joanie’s sudden changed demeanor. It was almost as if last night had never happened. Her behavior was so different from the previous night, when she’d met him in a kiss, then she couldn’t get enough of him, and now in the light of day she acted as if she wanted nothing to do with him. Was it something he had or hadn’t done?
When the coffee was done brewing, Curt poured himself a cup, turned off the stove and sat down to breakfast. He thought back to what she’d said and all that had happened, and wondered what could have possibly gone wrong in such a short time. When he was done, he rinsed his cup out, and left his plate in the sink, then went out for a morning jog. Later when he returned to the house, he took the stairs up to the bedroom, where he changed out of his clothes and got into the shower. Standing under the warm spray of water, he grabbed a bar of soap and began washing. A loud humming, buzzing noise could be heard over the rush of water. He recognized it as an alert from the mobile phone indicating an incoming voicemail.
Thinking that it might be Joanie saying that she forgot something, he quickly rinsed, then shut off the water, stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel on his way out into the bedroom where the sound was coming from.
It didn’t take long for him to spot the phone that lay half hidden under the rumpled top blanket of the bed. At some point during the night or that morning, he must have taken his phone off the dresser where he usually kept it, and absently laid it there on the bed. But when he fished it out from beneath the covers, he was surprised to find not his, but Joanie’s phone.
The screen glowed back at him and read, one new message. In Joanie’s haste to get ready, she must have forgotten it. Curt opened the text expecting it to be a work-related message, and thought that maybe one of her appointments was canceled or rescheduled for another day, or at least he hoped that’s what it was. He missed seeing her, and after having such a prolonged distance between them, he was looking forward to spending time with his wife again, and had plans on making a trip to the jewelers to buy her a wide cuff bracelet covered in sparkling crystals.
It was just the sort of thing Joanie would wear. He’d admired it in passing, and until then had never had the time to go out and purchase it. The diamond necklace she’d purchased for herself was a reminder of how long it had been since he’d bought a special piece of jewelry for her.
But the message was not at all what he’d imagined it to be. As he read the transcription from the voicemail, he felt as if he’d been punched in the gut, and sank down on the bed, reading then rereading the cryptic words that glowed boldly back at him from the screen of his wife’s phone.
I know you said not to call you, but I couldn’t resist. You’re on my mind day and night. Even though I know we’ll be seeing each other again soon, I feel the need to let you know what a great time last night was. I’m looking forward to making mad passionate love to you once more in your bed – you were incredible. I would say we have to quit seeing each other like this, but it would be a lie. This is becoming a habit that I can’t break. Although I have to admit, I didn’t expect your husband to come home so soon, but as it turns out that only heightened the excitement.
I could see you were just as surprised as I felt when we heard him walk in, but as always, you handled the situation perfectly, with the elegance and grace that I’ve come to admire. It was sheer brilliance the way you ran over to the mirror and pretended you were waiting for him. At first I thought I might have to spend half the night under your bed, which, I’m sure you’d agree, would have been quite awkward for us both, but then when you got up and met him in that overly long kiss, it gave me just enough time to slip out of your bedroom, and leave the house unnoticed – although I was more than a little jealous of that kiss. Let me know if he leaves anywhere – I’ll be over right away.
Remember, buy something red and lacey for next time. I’ll reimburse any cost to you later. Looking forward to being with you again.
After having read the damning message over and over again, Curt set down the phone with shaky hands and then in a burst of rage punched the wall. He went on to tear the room apart, as if by so doing he could somehow erase the gross betrayal that had occurred there, but even this destruction did little to quell the anger and hurt he felt inside.
How many times had she snuck her lover into his house, his bed?
Not only had Joanie had an affair – no, he corrected himself, was still having the affair, she’d done so right there, in their very bed. It cheapened every intimate moment they’d ever had. She’d betrayed and deceived him in the worst possible way, and for that he would never forgive her.
The more he thought about it the more angry he became. It all came together to make sense in a sick, twisted way. The messed-up blankets on the bed, the faint musky scent beneath the perfume that hung heavy in the air, as if it had only just been sprayed. And then there was the way she’d so unexpectedly fallen into his arms, and met him in a long kiss – a kiss that lasted just long enough to ensure her lover got away. The memory of how she pressed her lips against his caused his blood to run cold – lips that only seconds earlier had been pressed against another man’s – her lover. The thought sickened him.
Curt was still reeling from everything he’d just learned, when he heard the sound of a key turning in the lock, followed by the front door opening.
There was the staccato click of heels as Joanie made her way up the stairs and calling out, said, “Curt?! Curt?!”
“In here,” he answered from the bedroom.
She made her way down the hall and no sooner did she enter the room, than she saw Curt seated on the edge of the bed with something held in his hands, and the total disarray that surrounded him. She stood there in stunned silence, taking in the blankets, pillows and sheets that had been ripped from the bed and scattered throughout. She gave a small cry of surprise when she noticed the place in the wall where Curt had slammed his fist through.
“What happened here?” She stared at him open-mouthed. “Did you do this?”
He laughed quietly, a mirthless, brittle sound. “Yes, but it’s nothing compared to what you’ve done.”
“I don’t know what you’re –” But she stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed the phone that was clutched in his hands. Giving him an uncertain look, she moved cautiously into the room and said, “Oh good, at least I found my phone – or you found it.” Still unsure of what was really going on, she paused, waiting for him to speak and when he didn’t, she laughed nervously and said, “I was almost there when I realized that I forgot it.”
“I would ask where almost there means, but then I remembered that you wouldn’t dream of doing anyone or anything outside our marriage, no, you like to do it quite literally in the marriage bed.”
“Curt! I don’t know what you’re suggesting, but I don’t think I much like it,” said Joanie, clearly offended.
It wasn’t until he looked up from whatever he was staring at on the phone, that she saw the hurt and anger that burned behind his eyes. “Here, take it.” Curt threw the phone toward her, and she barely caught it before it hit the floor.
The next words that she was about to say died in her throat as she looked down at her phone, and the message on the screen that leaped out at her. The color drained from her face as she read the illicit message sent from her lover. “I – I don’t know what to say.”
“That makes two of us – because neither do I.” He abruptly got up from where he sat on the bed, crossed over to the dresser, and started emptying out his clothes from the drawers.
“What are you doing?” Joanie watched him apprehensively.
“Something I should have done a long time ago – leaving.”
Joanie trailed after him through the room as he haphazardly packed. “You’re not thinking clearly. You don’t mean what you’re saying right now.” She reached out to grab hold of his arm, but he pushed her away. “Don’t come near me.”
“Please, Curt, I know you’re hurt, but not talking won’t make things better.”
“Nothing will make things better now.”
“I – I can imagine how you must be feeling right now,” said Joanie.
Curt stopped packing and turned on her in anger. “Don’t you dare presume to know how I’m feeling.”
“This meant nothing, he means nothing,” said Joanie, holding up the phone.
“It didn’t sound like nothing to me.” He ripped the phone out of her grasp and threw it across the room, where it hit the wall and broke into pieces.
Joanie fell back. She’d never seen him this angry before and it frightened her.
Curt closed the short distance between them and was shouting now. “You have no idea, not even an inkling of how I’m feeling! In our bed ?! Really? It wasn’t enough to have your affair, but you had to have it right here in my house – the house I pay for and in the bed we share, that we made love in!”
“I can’t listen to this anymore,” sobbed Joanie as she turned her back to him, crying.
Roughly grabbing hold of her and spinning her back around to face him, he lowered his voice and said, “Just thinking about you with me, right after you were with him makes me sick. In fact just being in the same room with you turns my stomach. I can’t even look at you without picturing him, whoever he is –”
Wiping clumsily at her eyes, she said, “I know you’re hurt, but leaving isn’t going to make it better.”
Taking a threatening step toward her, he said, “No, but throwing you the way I did that phone, and watching you break would – but you’re not even worth the effort.”
Joanie flung herself at him and clutched onto his shirt. “I don’t want to lose you, Curt. We can work through this if you’ll only just give us a second chance.”
Prying her off him, he took hold of both her wrists and shoved her back, and said, “Isn’t it a little late for that?”
“It doesn’t have to be. It only is if you make it that way.”
He crossed over to the closet and angrily began throwing his clothes on the bed.
“Where will you go?”
“Somewhere away from you and this house.”
Joanie looked on helplessly as he continued to pack. “I lied about having appointments. I planned on going to his place today and telling him that it’s over, that I never wanted to see him again. Last night I realized just how much I still love you, and what a horrible mistake I made.”
When he didn’t reply, she said, “You don’t believe me, do you? You think that I was going to sleep with him again – don’t you? Well, I wasn’t.”
Curt shrugged without looking at her, zipped up his suitcase and said, “From what I read on your phone, that is exactly what I think. I would ask how many times you slept with him in our bed, but I don’t think I want to know.”
“It doesn’t matter, because there’s obviously nothing I can say that you’ll believe anyway. You made up your mind and there’s nothing I can say to change it.”
“No, you’re probably right, there isn’t. Did you enjoy yourself? I hope so. Because the price you’re going to pay for this little dalliance of yours is our marriage and everything we had together. Is there a particular boutique you like to go to purchase different lacey pieces for him?” When she didn’t respond right away, he said, “Of course there is, and knowing you, I’m sure it’s pricey. Does this boyfriend of yours know what expensive taste you have? Oh, but of course he does. After all, you wouldn’t be with him if he didn’t have money. You see, Joanie. I know you better than you probably even realize. What about that lacey red piece he mentioned in the text? It sounds sexy. Have you picked it out yet?”
“No! I told you I came right back when I saw that I didn’t have my phone. You know that!”
“Yes, but that’s something you did for him – isn’t it? You would go choose different lingerie pieces that he would then pay for. You have, haven’t you?” Dragging his fingers down his face, Curt sank down on the bed. “Other than that white negligee, you never bothered to dress any special way for me.” Holding his head in his hands, he said, “Why? Why would you go and do something like this to me? To us? And what about Tommy? Did you ever once stop to think about how all this might affect him?”
Recklessly Joanie said, “No, all I thought about was my rich, handsome lover and the way I felt when I was with him – is this what you wanted to hear? That he made me feel young and beautiful, but most of all he made me feel free – yes, so free. The best part was that he made me forget all about the miscarriage and the baby I lost. And I loved every second of it.”
“The diamond necklace – you never bought it, did you? It was from him, wasn’t it?”
“A gift – yes,” said Joanie, her voice a hollow whisper.
“And what other gifts did he buy you? I mean, it would be nice to know, so I’ll be able to recognize the next necklace or earrings, or maybe even which bra and panties came from my wife’s lover.” He couldn’t keep the sarcasm from his voice.
“Don’t be so vulgar! The necklace was the first gift he ever let me keep. The rest, which was lingerie, stayed with him and if he wanted me to wear a certain piece he would bring it with him.”
“I’ve heard enough.” Curt grabbed his suitcase and walked out of the room and down the stairs to the front door.
Joanie followed after him. “Don’t go, please don’t go.”
“Why, Joanie? Why? I’ve worked hard from the day we married to give you everything and anything you could possibly want, and yet it’s still not enough for you. What more is it that you want from me?”
“I want our baby.” Joanie turned and walked into the living room, and sat down on the sofa.
“Did you just say you want our baby?” He left his suitcase by the door to follow her into the living room, where he sat down next to her.
“Yes! Is that so bad?” She turned to face him, tears streaming down her face. “When I said I blamed you for the miscarriage – well, I lied, I blamed myself.” She looked away, choking on her sobs. “I hoped that by having the affair it would help me forget all about losing the baby.” She dragged in a deep breath of air and sniffed loudly. “It was unfair, I know, but I wanted to lash out at someone, anyone, and right or wrong that person was you. I know it wasn’t your fault that I lost our child, I think I knew it all along. You know that old saying, that you always hurt the one you love the most? Well, it’s true. I should know, because hurting you is all I’ve done.”
Curt drew her into his arms while she sobbed. “Shhh. That’s enough. I don’t want you telling yourself any more of this nonsense. Nothing that you’re saying right now is true. Do you hear me? None of it!” Turning her so she was facing him, he said, “Listen carefully to me, neither of us was to blame for what happened. Now for both of our sakes you need to quit this destructive path you’ve been on, and realize that for whatever reason bad things happen. You can’t continue to drive yourself crazy by dwelling on it.”
Joanie studied his face, then burst into renewed tears. “You’re so wonderful and I’ve been such a fool. All I’ve done is hurt you when you’ve been nothing but kind, and now you’re leaving.” She grabbed a Kleenex and blew into it, while casting him a sideways glance.
Folding her back into his arms, he said, “I’m not leaving.”
Resting her head against his chest, she stared up at him. “You’re not?”
“We’ll work through this and forget it ever happened,” said Curt.
Sitting up, she said, “Do you really mean that? So you’re not going to leave me after all?”
“I’m not going to leave you, not now – not ever.”
“Oh Curt, you just don’t know how happy it makes me to hear you say that. For a time I thought I lost you forever.”
Placing a finger under her chin, he tilted her face up so her gaze could meet his. “You mustn’t ever hurt me that way again.”
“I won’t, of course I won’t,” promised Joanie.
“There’ll be no more secrets.”
“I’ll tell you anything and everything you want to know, about him, about the affair, everything.”
Silencing her by placing a finger against her lips, Curt said, “It would be safest if you didn’t.”
“You’re really serious about not wanting to know, aren’t you?” She studied him in surprise.
He pulled away from her abruptly, and said, “I don’t trust what I might do, what I might be capable of if I knew his identity.” He then looked at her sharply. “But if we’re to make it work then you must return the necklace, and break it off with him at once. I don’t want you to ever see or hear from him again – can I trust you to do that?”
“Yes, yes, anything, I’ll do anything to save our marriage,” said Joanie.
“Then leave. Go to him and tell him that it’s over, that you never want to see him again. I’ll be waiting here when you get back.”
Joanie got up and looked at him hesitantly. “Are you sure about this – you really want me to go and see him right now?”
Curt stood up and walked to the fireplace. “Yes! I can’t stand the thought of you and him together, and it’s even worse to think that he’s out there somewhere, still believing you to be his.”
“All right.” Joanie grabbed her keys and paused by the door. “You’re absolutely sure about this – that this is what you want?”
Without turning around to face her, he said, “None of it is what I want, but it must be done.”
Curt remained there in front of the fireplace until he heard Joanie leave, then crossed over to where his suitcase still sat by the door, and carried it upstairs to their room where he began unpacking, all the while wondering if staying had been the right decision.
He hated that he still loved Joanie despite what she’d done, and hated himself even more for being unable to walk out. Initially, he’d been set on leaving, and asking – no, demanding a divorce. He’d been so angry, so hurt by the betrayal that he’d scarcely been able to look at her, and felt as if he’d gone temporarily insane. He was sure that in that moment he easily could have killed her and not realized until later what he had done. But then everything changed so quickly, so unexpectedly when she’d talked about the miscarriage and how profoundly it affected her. She had seemed so lost and vulnerable that he couldn’t bring himself to follow through with leaving.
He remembered all too vividly those painful weeks following the loss of their unborn child. Joanie had been in so much pain and anguish that he’d practically felt her suffering, and certainly had shared in it. She’d been inconsolable in her grief, and even now he couldn’t think back on it without tearing up. The little child that was lost still remained in his heart. It was a pain he learned to live with, and carried with him each day. Although he kept it buried deep down so it no longer affected his daily life, Joanie never did learn to do that, and he couldn’t just abandon her, not when she so desperately needed him.
There was something about her that he found nearly impossible to resist, and ultimately made him feel weak and small. Most anyone else would have left, divorced her and been done with it, but even now his heart still belonged to one woman, and no matter how badly she’d hurt him, that woman was Joanie.
The depth of her deception had nearly destroyed him, and looking back, he remembered clearly now having seen, and missed so many signs – signs that she was seeing someone else. Now he was almost certain that the person whom he’d never met, and whom Joanie had referred to as just a friend, was much more. There was no doubt left in his mind that this so-called friend was in fact the man she’d been sneaking behind his back with – the same friend who drove her to the hospital when she had the miscarriage, while he was away on business, the same person whom the nurses mistakenly thought was him, Joanie’s husband.
Oh, he could have confronted her on it all, brought up every last minuscule detail, made her explain every little detail of each time they shared a hidden kiss, yes, but what would be the point? It was done. Over with. Or at least he hoped it was. What would bringing up the past accomplish, other than to enrage him further?
No, it was paramount that he not give in to these temptations of rehashing something so unpleasant, something he wanted to erase permanently from his mind, from having ever happened at all, but even with the greatest resolve, it wasn’t an easy thing to do.
Predictably he found himself thinking of nothing but the affair. He watched the minutes on the clock tick by, and more than once made himself crazy with thoughts of Joanie meeting with her lover. Was she telling him it was over at this very moment? Or was she wrapped up in his arms? What if by sending her to break it off with this lover of hers, he’d only accomplished bringing the two of them that much closer? Perhaps right at that very second, she was confiding in her lover, assuring him of her continued affections, even making plans on how they would meet again.
No, he couldn’t think that way, he wouldn’t think that way. His imagination was running away with him. She had been sincere in everything she’d said – hadn’t she? Joanie had even been willing to talk candidly about the affair, but he was the one who stopped her, who hadn’t wanted to listen. It was enough to know the small bit he did, to know what had gone on in the very bed he slept in; to know anything else would have been unbearable. As it was he couldn’t get the little he did know out of his mind long enough to think about anything else. The text and its monstrous contents went round and round in his head, to the point that he thought it might drive him mad.
The betrayal and shock of it all was still too fresh, but given enough time, he told himself, he’d be able to put it from his mind. Maybe not ever forget it, but at least he would be able to leave it buried in the past where it belonged. Briefly he thought about calling his mom, but already knew what she would say. She’d tell him to leave Joanie and get the divorce she’d advised him to get earlier. No, this was something he needed to work through and handle on his own.
His thoughts were intruded on by the sound of the key turning in the front lock, and then Joanie walked in. It hadn’t even been quite a full hour since she’d left, and he tried not to think about how close to them her lover might live.
She set down her purse and keys and walked over to him. “I gave him back the necklace just like you wanted, and told him it was over, that I wanted to make my marriage work, and that I never wanted to see him again.” She reached up to caress his face but he pulled away. “I’m sorry. I just need some time.”
“I understand, but know that when you’re ready I’ll be here waiting.” Joanie disappeared into the kitchen and returned moments later with two glasses of wine. “I thought we both could use a drink.”
“No – thank you.” Curt pushed the offered drink aside and crossed over to the door.
“Where are you going?”
“Out.”
“Can I at least know when you’ll be back?”
“I can’t answer that because I don’t know. I have a key, I’ll let myself in. Don’t wait up for me.” Curt walked out the door not bothering to give any further explanation. He went straight to the one person, other than his mother, whom he knew he could trust and tell his problems to. Curt got in his car and drove away.
Moments later he was standing at the door of his good friend, Patrick. Both he and his wife were home, and they invited him inside where Curt confided Joanie’s infidelity. His friend listened with empathy and compassion. Patrick had been married to his high school sweetheart and as far as Curt knew the two of them never exchanged so much as a harsh word. He thought that maybe his friend wouldn’t understand his and Joanie’s situation, but was mildly surprised when he seemed more insightful than he’d anticipated.
Patrick mostly listened before advising Curt to do whatever he needed to do to save his marriage, but that if he ever decided to leave he could stay there with them for as long as he needed. Curt thanked his friend for the offer, but said he was going to try to work things out with Joanie.
That evening Curt stayed at his friend’s house and had dinner with Patrick and his wife. When he finally did return home it was late. Joanie was still awake waiting for him. He joined her in bed, where they made love with a frantic, almost feverish intensity, but long after it was over, with Joanie lying beside him sleeping, Curt lay awake, explicit images conjured up in his mind of Joanie and her faceless lover, and thoughts of them together in the very bed he now lay in.
With all this on his mind, it was impossible to sleep, or even to stay in that very bed with Joanie any longer. He’d mistakenly thought that the simple act of being intimate with her would help to erase some of the pain and betrayal, but instead it had left him feeling empty – not just empty, but defiled.
Curt quietly got up and slept in the guestroom down the hall. The next morning he found Joanie in the kitchen cooking breakfast. She greeted him with a kiss and never mentioned his absence from their bed. She seemed to understand, and was uncharacteristically solicitous; he knew she was trying her hardest to make things right again between them. He did his best to reciprocate, but inside wondered if things had ever been “right” in their marriage. Rejecting these feelings, Curt tried telling himself that he wasn’t giving their marriage a fair try.
As the weeks passed, things gradually became less tense. Soon Tommy was back, and the three of them spent time together  like a real family, a happy family. This was the kind of relationship Curt had always wanted with Joanie. And it seemed he finally had it.
Curt had however, moved temporarily out of their bedroom and into the guestroom, but a month before Tommy’s return he started sleeping with Joanie in their bed again, partially because he didn’t want Tommy to know something was wrong, but also because it just felt right, like it was time. But he insisted first on buying a new bed with a whole new set of sheets and blankets. He didn’t want there to be any remnants or memories of the affair left when he returned to their bed.
The most difficult part was learning how to trust Joanie again, but as time passed and her mystery lover never resurfaced, even that became easier. They spent the day at the zoo with Tommy, looking at all the different animals, and lingered in the African section, watching the big cats roam the fenced-off area.
That night, after putting Tommy to bed, Curt settled down with Joanie in the living room by the fire. They stayed up a little longer, talking and laughing about their day and the animals they saw. By the time they went to bed they both were tired from such a long day out and went right to sleep.
While brushing his teeth the next morning, Curt noticed a discarded pregnancy test sticking out from the garbage pail. Instantly feeling mistrustful, he tried telling himself that his feelings of suspicion were unwarranted, that if she hadn’t wanted him to find it, she certainly wouldn’t have left it there in their bathroom, in plain sight.
Should he pretend that he never saw it, and wait for Joanie to explain it to him herself? Or should he mention it? If she suspected she might be pregnant then why hadn’t she said anything about it to him?
The careful silence she’d maintained caused all the earlier feelings of distrust to resurface. It wasn’t that he didn’t want another child, but more that he hadn’t given it much thought since the miscarriage. He’d always just assumed that she hadn’t wanted to risk another pregnancy after the heartache they experienced from the last pregnancy, and had assumed that she’d gone back on the pill.
Deciding that he couldn’t wait, that he had to know, Curt grabbed out the empty box from the garbage and burst into the bedroom, where Joanie was just waking up.
“What is this all about?”
Joanie sat up and stretched, then leaned across the blankets, took his hands in hers, and said, “We’re pregnant – isn’t it wonderful?”
Seeing the happiness in her eyes, Curt suddenly felt like a heel for having ever been suspicious. And what had he been suspicious of anyway? That if she were pregnant, that it wasn’t his baby? No, that was ridiculous. Yes, that had been his initial fear, but it was unfair and unfounded. Yes, she’d had an affair, but it was long over with and he had to learn to trust her implicitly, the way he would have before the affair ever happened.
A swell of emotion rose up inside him at the realization of what Joanie was telling him, and quickly gave way to excited delight at the prospect of being a father again. At first he was speechless and didn’t quite know what to say, but then realizing that he needed to say something, he said, “Yes – yes! It’s – it’s wonderful, it’s more than wonderful, it’s a dream.” Curt wrapped her in his arms and squeezed her tightly to him.
“So you’re not upset then?”
“Upset? How could I be upset about something like this? Have you known long?”
“I suspected I was for a while, but only just confirmed it last week when I went in and saw the doctor. It’s official, we’re pregnant!” She clapped her hands and squealed as she said this.
“But if you already knew then why bother with a pregnancy test at all?”
“I didn’t. I bought it, opened the box so it would appear used, and left it there in the garbage pail knowing, or at least hoping you would see it.” She searched his eyes with hers. “Don’t you see? I wanted to surprise you – you are happy about this, aren’t you?”
Pulling her into his arms, he said, “Oh, I’m much more than happy. Words can’t begin to express how I’m feeling right now.”
“If you hadn’t noticed it, I was planning on telling you tonight over dinner.”
“Yes, well, I’m glad I found out the way I did. It was a magnificent, marvelous surprise. I’m the happiest I could ever be.” He met her in a kiss, then stood up from where he sat on the bed. “Just stay there in bed and don’t move. I’ll be right back.”
Giggling, Joanie said, “Where are you going?”
“To celebrate, of course.” Before she could ask anything further, Curt was already out of the room. His footsteps could be heard disappearing down the hall, and then came the sound of the front door opening, then closing behind him.
Joanie fell back against the pillows and smiled.
Curt hadn’t been away long, when he returned with scones and drinks from a nearby coffee shop. Decaf tea for her, and coffee for him. They spent the day making plans for the baby’s arrival, and discussing when they should tell Tommy, who was already at school, the happy news.
The following weekend was spent in a hotel on the beach. They invited Patrick and his wife, who made reservations to stay at the same hotel, and were scheduled to arrive that evening. Joanie and Curt walked the shoreline hand in hand, while Tommy ran ahead, consumed in his search for colorful shells. They had already told him earlier in the day about the pregnancy, and Tommy was excited at the prospect of having a little brother or sister. They had dinner that evening at a seaside restaurant, where he and Joanie told Patrick and his wife the exciting news.
A few months later, Tommy was gone visiting his grandma. He missed Evelyn and after having had so much fun staying with her the first time, he wanted to see her again, so Curt and Joanie both decided that he could spend the two weeks he had off from school with Evelyn in Montana.
Joanie had stayed back at the house to rest while Curt drove Tommy to his grandma’s. Evelyn was happy to see them both, and when Curt told her about the pregnancy, she was careful to keep the misgivings she felt to herself. Curt was anxious to get back home to Joanie and stayed only long enough for a brief hello and goodbye. Ever since he found out she was pregnant he was always attentive to her needs, and didn’t like leaving her alone for too long.
On the way back, Curt drove straight through, not bothering to stop in Spokane the way he usually did to get something to eat. His only thought was to get back home to Joanie, and when he did she was already waiting for him at the door with a hot cup of cocoa in hand. He told her about his trip, and they ordered Chinese takeout, and ate a late supper out in the living room in front of the fireplace. It was raining outside and the fire helped to take the chill off. Joanie was dressed in a long, flowing, white satin gown, and he couldn’t take his eyes off her.
Finally laughing in that high tinkling way of hers, that reminded him so much of a carefree young girl, she said, “Careful – you’ve been staring at me all evening, and I’m beginning to wonder if I’ve sprouted horns and a tail.”
“Not at all, more like the wings of an angel if such a thing were possible,” said Curt.
“Now there’s an answer I like. Flattery, Mr. Worthington, will get you everywhere,” teased Joanie. Then getting to her feet, she said, “Which reminds me, while you were away I was busy with something myself.”
“Hmmm, sounds intriguing,” said Curt.
“Just wait there while I go and get it.” Joanie ran upstairs to their room then came back down moments later with something held behind her back. “Are you ready?”
“Yes, I can’t imagine what it would be,” said Curt.
She then brought out what she had hidden behind her back. “It’s our baby at four months gestation.”
Curt’s eyes misted with unbidden tears as he stared at the framed ultrasound photo. “Joanie I – I don’t know what to say.” He stared at the fetus, a miniature version of a perfectly formed baby. “It’s – it’s so tiny and looks so real. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything quite like it.”
Joanie walked up to stand beside him and said, “Well, of course it looks real, silly, because it is real. She’s our baby.”
“She – you mean it’s a girl?”
Joanie nodded.
“That’s wonderful.” Curt lifted Joanie up and spun her around. “That means we must buy her lots of dresses and all the frilly things we can find.”
“I’m afraid you’re going to have her spoiled before she’s even born,” said Joanie.
“Nonsense. She’ll be no more spoiled than her mother. If she inherits any of your spending habits, I’m afraid I’ll be kept very busy working, probably even having to double the clients I take on each year.”
“You’re being positively ridiculous,” said Joanie, laughing.
Staring at the photo again he said, “Look. She’s even sucking her thumb.”
“I know. Amazing, isn’t it?” Joanie came to stand next to him.
“She’ll be beautiful just like her mother.”
“I knew you would like it.” Joanie picked up their plates and disappeared into the kitchen. When she returned Curt had already found a spot for it on the wall. “That looks about right – although I think it might be a little bit crooked. Maybe if you tried moving it slightly to the left it would be perfect.”
Curt turned from the picture to look at Joanie who stood across the room watching him. She appeared almost angelic, with the way her blond tresses framed her face and her wide gray eyes that stared back at him. A hint of a smile played on her lips. He admired the way the white satin shimmered in the muted shadowy light. It was only then that he noticed the bright crimson that seeped through the delicate fabric of her gown. “Joanie – you’re bleeding.”
Her face paled as she slowly looked down at herself and the burgeoning dot that turned the front and back lower half of her white gown scarlet. She looked back at him with a dazed expression in her eyes, and said, “Oh Curt – help me.” Then as if for the first time, she really understood what was happening, and worse, what was about to happen. She wailed, “No, no, no, nooo!” Giving a bloodcurdling scream, she crumpled to the floor and lost consciousness.
Rushing over to where she lay, Curt scooped her up into his arms, and ran outside to the car where he hurriedly placed her in the front seat, ran around to the passenger side, got in, and sped off to the hospital.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
Pacing and staring out the window of the sitting area, Curt waited for news of Joanie’s and the baby’s condition. He hadn’t been waiting long when a young nurse with kind eyes and a friendly smile walked through the double doors of the hospital’s sectioned-off wing. She quietly approached him, and said, “Mr. Worthington?”
“Yes?” His attention immediately snapped from the window to the nurse. “How is my wife?” He couldn’t keep the anxiety from his voice.
“That’s what I would like to talk to you about.”
“Is she okay? How about the baby, is the baby okay?”
“Try to relax, Mr. Worthington, your wife is fine.” She lowered her voice to a privacy level. “But the baby – well, I’m afraid it didn’t survive.” Her eyes filled with sympathy as she watched him digest this information.
“Oh.” He shook his head as if there had been some mistake. “No. No, this can’t be happening. Not again.”
“Sir?” Placing a hand on his back, she said, “Maybe you should sit down.” She led him over to a chair where he sat down, still in a state of disbelief.
Curt’s thoughts turned to Joanie and how devastated she must be. The first miscarriage was heart-wrenching for both of them, and he worried that this second loss might completely destroy her. Tears sprung to his eyes as his thoughts turned to the ultrasound photo that Joanie had only just surprised him with that night, and the little girl – their little girl that he’d been so anxious to hold and buy things for, would never have the chance to draw her first breath, or even see light. Why, he’d only just seen her, and now she was gone. And that bothered him more than anything else. Then there was Tommy to think about.
How would he explain to him that the life that had been growing inside his mother’s belly for these short few months was gone?
A lump lodged itself in his throat and he worked to swallow it down. He could hardly bear the thought of Joanie sitting in a hospital room right at that very second, going through all this without him there by her side. Right now they needed each other more than ever, just like before. Only this time, instead of being gone out of town on business, he was right there where he would remain. She wouldn’t need to go to her mother’s as she had done before. This time would be different, this time he would stay by her side for as long as it took, and together they would help one another through the grief.
“Are you all right, Mr. Worthington?” asked the nurse gently.
Sniffing, Curt wiped away the tears in his eyes and said, “Does my wife know about this yet?”
“She hasn’t been told yet.”
After having gathered a measure of composure, Curt looked toward the double doors that the nurse had just come from. The same doors that Joanie had been wheeled through earlier. “Can I see her now?”
Resting a hand on his shoulder, she said, “Soon. First I just need to ask you a few questions about your wife’s health.”
“I’ll answer anything you need to know,” said Curt.
“I think it would be best if we discussed your wife’s medical history somewhere more private.”
Following the nurse through the sectioned-off corridor and into a back room, Curt lowered himself down in the chair indicated, and wrung his hands together, looking on anxiously as the nurse took a seat at a computer desk across from him.
She typed a few keys into the computer and pulled up Joanie’s file, then turned to him and said, “There’s a few things about your wife’s medical history I’d like to go over with you.”
“That’s fine, but why are you asking me?” He raked a hand through his hair. “Why not just ask her?”
“Unfortunately your wife isn’t awake to answer them herself. She’s asleep right now and shouldn’t be disturbed just yet. She put you on the privacy form, naming you as a contact and someone whom we can share her medical information with,” explained the nurse.
“Yes, of course. It’s no trouble. I’ll help however I can.”
“Mr. Worthington,” she began carefully, “please understand that it’s important you answer these questions as accurately as possible.”
“Okay.” He straightened back in his seat. He felt a tightening in his gut and growing apprehension at what the nurse might be ready to tell him. He just wanted to get whatever questions she had over with so he could go into the room with Joanie, and be there when she woke up.
“First I need for you to confirm a few things for me about the birth of your first child.”
He listened patiently and answered the preliminary questions rattled off to him by the nurse. “Everything went well.” He thought back to when Tommy had been born, and continued, “There were no complications, and Joanie had a fairly easy delivery. Which is why I don’t understand why she’s having so many complications now.” He looked to the nurse for answers.
“Unfortunately, a procedure like the one your wife had can complicate things for women who decide they want to have children later, and increases the risk for both mother and child.” She then gave him a smile that was meant to be encouraging. “But rest assured that you and your wife aren’t the only couple who’ve terminated a pregnancy, only to decide later that circumstances in their lives had changed, and they’re now ready to become parents again.”
Feeling momentarily as if the air had left the room, Curt was in a state of complete shock as the nurse continued to explain things to him, but he didn’t hear any more of what she was saying, his thoughts instead returning to the words that she said earlier, and that jumped out at him now.
Rest assured that you and your wife aren’t the only couple who’ve terminated a pregnancy only to decide later that circumstances in their lives have changed, and they’re now ready to become parents again.
He watched as the nurse continued to talk to him about his wife’s condition. The words coming from her mouth sounded as if they were being spoken in slow motion. Each syllable seemed to be drawn out and sounded foreign. She talked about how a pregnancy so soon after an abortion is risky, and never a good idea, and most likely will lead to a miscarriage as it had now. But that with enough time to heal, they should be fine to try again.
The nurse then handed him some informational pamphlets, and said, “Are there any questions you’d like to ask me?”
Getting to his feet, Curt said, “No. I would like to see my wife now.”
A look of surprise crossed her face at the abrupt shift in his demeanor. “There are still a few more things I would like to go over with you first. After all, it is important that you know how to properly care for her –”
Not letting her finish the rest of what she was going to say, Curt said, “Just take me to her now.”
The nurse reluctantly led him to Joanie’s room and before leaving, admonished him not to stay too long, saying that it was important she get her rest.
Curt walked over to the bed where Joanie lay, sank down in a chair, and watched her as she slept. The scope of Joanie’s betrayal overwhelmed him. The affair and the way she’d gone about it, by parading her lover into their house and bed without his knowledge had been infuriating, and very nearly unforgivable. But this – this was even worse than he ever could have imagined. Joanie had never been a particularly doting mother to Tommy, but never would he have imagined her capable of this. The deception had been immense. All the times she’d blamed him, even to the point of making him feel guilty for the miscarriage, a miscarriage that had never occurred.
The fact that Joanie had used the fake miscarriage, and her so-called grief over it as an excuse for her affair, was deplorable. The remembrance of her waking him countless times in the middle of the night, tears in her eyes over a baby she purposefully got rid of, only enraged him further. And then when he discovered the affair and confronted her with it, she’d played on his pity, and even worse, his own sorrow, then used it to manipulate him back into the marriage. Joanie had used their own dead child, the child that she aborted as a pawn in her own schemes. What was even worse, was how he allowed and fell for it.
The memory of that day, when he packed his suitcase and Joanie trailed after him, begging him not to leave, came back into his mind as if it were yesterday. And then those five little words uttered by her had been the only thing that stopped him. He could still hear Joanie’s voice, the way she’d sounded when she said, I want my baby back. And then like the fool she played him for, he believed her, and ultimately did exactly what she knew he would do – forgave her. Only she didn’t deserve forgiveness, nor had she ever, nor any bit of kindness he’d given her. She lied – lied about all of it. The grief over the child, that all this time he was led to believe she lost, wasn’t shared grief, but rather was his to bear alone and always had been.
Now when he looked at Joanie all he saw was a murderess – a mother who would have her own child scraped from her womb, much the same way she might have a tooth pulled, or an acrylic nail removed. Now all of it became clear. The way Joanie had claimed to have lost the baby while he was out of town on a business trip, and then how she conveniently blamed the miscarriage on her continuing to work, accusing him of not earning enough. Then finally using the excuse of needing a separation, before going to her mother’s where she stayed just long enough to heal from the procedure.
There was nothing left that she could tell him that he would ever believe now. Her deception had been so methodical, so absolute, even to the point of aborting their child, worse yet she strung him along all this time playing with his emotions, not caring about how her actions would affect him or Tommy. All this time, the only person she ever cared about was herself.
The initial shock he felt quickly gave way to rage that welled up within him, and he fought the urge to hold a pillow over her face until she stopped breathing. His fingers curled into tight fists as he thought over and over again about all that she had done. She betrayed them all, betrayed the small life that had been growing inside her, a life that had been unfairly taken, and even in a way betrayed this baby that she really did miscarry. Because if she hadn’t gone through the “procedure” as the nurse called it, then she wouldn’t have had the scarring inside and wouldn’t have lost this child.
For another wild moment he contemplated taking her life, by wrapping his fingers around her slender neck and squeezing. It would be so easy. She wouldn’t even have a chance to scream, but then thoughts of Tommy stopped him, momentarily bringing him back from his rage. Not trusting what he might do if Joanie were to wake up and he were to confront her with the truth, Curt got up and quietly left the room, being careful not to wake her.
Later that night back at home the anger he’d felt earlier returned and he had the sudden urge to hit something, and this time giving in to it, he went from room to room tearing the house apart, but stopped short when he came to Tommy’s room, and the room that would have been this baby’s, and the earlier baby’s, a baby that Joanie had ripped from them without apology or explanation.
Unable to sleep, he stayed up well into the night, pouring himself drink after drink and contemplating divorce. He later went into the room that he’d worked so hard on getting ready for the first baby and the second. Curling up on the floor, he sobbed into the fleece blanket that would have kept their baby warm at night.
Late the next morning, he got a call from the hospital asking him to come down, saying that Joanie had been awake earlier asking for him. The nurse explained that the doctor thought it best if she were to hear about the loss of the baby from him, if at all possible.
Curt agreed to come down, and when he got there was told by one of the nurses on duty, that Joanie had fallen back to sleep, but that he could sit in the room with her until she woke up, and when he thought it best, could tell her about the baby. The nurse then cautioned him not to keep her awake for too long, that she still was weak from blood loss and needed as much rest as possible.
Seated by the hospital bed, holding Joanie’s hand, he studied the planes of her face as she slept, and wondered why after everything she’d put him through, he’d still do something as endearing as holding her hand, and how it was possible to love someone yet not know them at all.
Then as if somehow sensing his thoughts, Joanie’s eyes fluttered opened, and she looked surprised, almost startled to see him, and said sleepily, “Oh Curt, you came. I asked for you earlier, but I didn’t know where you were. I was so afraid, thank goodness you’re here. The doctor and nurses,” she paused, her eyebrows drew together in concentration as if she were puzzled by something, then said, “they won’t tell me anything –” Joanie stopped short with the rest of what she was about to say, and studied his eyes, and for the first time noticed the coldness in his demeanor. “I don’t like your eyes. If I didn’t know any better I would think you’re angry with me. Which of course would be ridiculous.”
“Would it, Joanie? Would it be ridiculous?”
She regarded him cautiously and said, “Yes, Curt, it would.” Anger flashed in her eyes. “I’m the one lying here in a hospital bed, and yet here you are treating me as if I were one of the criminals that you defend – only this time I feel like you’re the prosecutor.”
“Joanie, the baby –”
“Oh yes, Curt, the baby.” Her anger of just seconds before vanished, and she stared at him with wide expectant eyes. “How is the baby? Did they save it? I mean, I feel fine so I must still be –”
“Well, that’s just the thing,” Curt began, “there were complications.”
Raising her voice in growing impatience, Joanie said shrilly, “Yes, yes, there were complications. I know that! That’s why I’m here, aren’t I?! Of course there were complications but everything’s fine now. Oh, don’t look so dour. You’re not in court, you know?” The corners of her mouth formed a slight frown when she noticed the expressionless mask his face had become. “Complications.” She turned from him to look down at her lap and felt her stomach, as if doing so would give her the needed answers. Her eyebrows furrowed together. “What complications?” She looked at him, searching him out with her eyes.
Curt found himself still wanting to protect Joanie despite all that she’d done, and said, “Never mind about all of that right now. I was wrong to have told you. You’re in no condition to hear this.”
Her eyes widened as she came to a full understanding. “The baby!” She surprised him by reaching out and grabbing hold of his hand. “Oh, please say the baby’s all right. Please, Curt, please!” Her eyes were frantic with worry.
Tearing away from her grasp, he got up and crossed over to the window, ignoring her beseeching stare. “That depends on which baby you’re talking about – the one that you aborted or the one that we just lost.”
His words were met with sudden silence.
Spinning around from the window to face her stunned stare, Curt said, “Well, Joanie?! Which is it?”
Looking away from him, Joanie’s gaze went to her lap as if she were desperately trying to focus on something, as if it would help her escape the situation. Searching for the right words, she turned to him and said, “I – I don’t know what you want me to say?”
He closed his eyes, drew in a deep steadying  breath, then opened his eyes and looked at her with tears glistening in his eyes. “Why, Joanie?” He rushed back over to her side, clutched onto her hand, and searched her eyes with his.  “Don’t you at least think you owe me that?”
She abruptly broke eye contact with him, looked away and stifled a sob.
“How about Tommy? Are you going to tell him about how you murdered his little brother or sister? And how this miscarriage was caused by the abortion?” Rivulets of tears streamed down his face, and his voice cracked. “What about me? When were you going to tell me – or were you ever?”
Her eyes hardened as she looked away and said, “This isn’t something I’m ready to discuss yet.”
Roughly taking hold of her face, he turned her so her gaze met his, and said, “We’re having this discussion and we’re having it now. And I don’t care if you’re ready to have it. You never bothered to ask me if I was ready for my baby to be torn into pieces and then disposed of like so much trash, and no one asked Tommy how he felt about –”
“Oh, all right! Enough!” In a tightly controlled voice, she said, “I did what I thought was best.”
“You mean you did what you thought was best for you,” said Curt.
“You’re being unfair,” said Joanie.
“Don’t you dare talk to me about unfair! What’s unfair is that my child was aborted without my knowledge or permission.”
“It’s my body,” stated Joanie simply.
“And it was my child,” argued Curt.
“It was my right,” said Joanie more forcefully this time.
“It was your body, but it was never your right,” said Curt, his voice thick with emotion.
“The laws say differently.”
“The laws can go to hell and so can you. I can’t even look at you right now.” He got to his feet and walked over to the window and stared out at the busy city below. Something that he hadn’t yet thought of came to him, and he felt a sudden urgency to know. With his back still turned to her, he said, “The baby you aborted, was that mine or was it his?”
“Yours,” said Joanie quietly.
“How can you be sure?” He spun back around to face her.
“I had a paternity test done. Is that what you wanted to hear?” She looked at him then and noticing the hurt in his eyes, said, “I didn’t think so.”
“I can’t believe this, but most of all, I can’t believe you and what you’re capable of,” said Curt.
“I couldn’t have it. Couldn’t go through with it, not when we were so close to a divorce.”
“Close to a divorce? When were we ever close to a divorce?”
“It’s no secret that we weren’t getting along.”
“Weren’t getting along?” He stared at her in shock. “We never fought. You mean you were seeing someone else, and weren’t so sure you wanted to stay in the marriage anymore.”
“All right. Yes, that was it. I didn’t love you anymore or at least I thought I didn’t. All I wanted to do was be with my lover and I didn’t want to be burdened with an unwanted pregnancy. That was exactly why I chose to terminate it. I knew you would never agree to it, so I went through with it in secrecy.”
“If you wanted out so badly then why didn’t you just leave? And what made you want to keep this baby when you didn’t want the other one?”
“Because I realized that day when you found out about the affair and were going to leave, that I still loved you.” Joanie’s eyebrows knitted together in consternation, and said, “How is it that you even know about any of this? The hospital told you, didn’t they?”
“When you signed the privacy forms for the hospital, you put me down as a person whom your medical care could be discussed with.”
“Yes, but I thought – oh never mind!”
“You never thought that the abortion would come up again, did you?” Curt watched her and when she remained silent, said, “You don’t have to answer that. Of course you didn’t or else you never would have signed my name on those privacy forms. Would you?!”
“Don’t be silly, of course I wouldn’t have.” A pause followed as Joanie continued, “I think we both need some time apart. I’m going to stay at my mother’s once they give me my release papers.”
“That would be for the best.”
In a hesitant voice, Joanie said, “You’ll tell him, won’t you – Tommy?”
“About us, you mean?”
Joanie nodded.
“Don’t you want to tell him together?”
She shook her head. “No. I would rather you did it. He’s closer to you.”
Curt sighed. “Yes, I’ll tell him.”
“Have you thought about what you’re going to say?”
“I don’t know yet. I’ll figure out something – some kind of lie or excuse to explain away your absence. We both know it would break his heart to learn the truth about what a monster his mother is!”
“You just love this, don’t you?”
“Love what?”
“Standing there with all your condemnations and judgments, gloating.”
“Why not? I think I’ve earned it. Have you ever thought about how our son would feel if he were to know the truth behind our separation?”
“You wouldn’t. You wouldn’t dare!” Joanie gripped the handles on the bed and glowered up at him.
“You’re right – I wouldn’t. I wouldn’t hurt our son like that, because unlike you I have a heart.”
“You know nothing about what it’s like to be me,” said Joanie.
“You’re right – I don’t. And I’m glad I don’t, and hope I never know how it is that a mother can murder her own child just because the law says she can, and then leave the pieces of that child in a receptacle in a doctor’s office somewhere.” Crossing back over to Joanie, Curt slammed his fist down on the pillow near her head. She struggled to move away from him but he held her in place, and through clenched teeth said, “All this time you were lying to me, letting me get close to both of our unborn children – one that you aborted and now this one that you lost. And in the end, you  got exactly what you wanted. Didn’t you?”
Joanie stared up at him in defiance and said nothing.
Looking away from her, he growled “God, you make me so mad! I could just – I could just –” Brandishing a fist, he thought about hitting her but then backed away instead and said, “You’re sick – you know that? Sick!”
Just then the door to the room opened, and the nurse  walked in. She looked from Curt to Joanie and said, “Is everything all right in here?” By the worried expression on her face it was clear she didn’t think it was.
“I was just leaving.” Curt left the room, ignoring the questioning look the nurse shot him on his way out.
Back at home that evening, Curt placed a call to his mother. It was Tommy who answered the phone, and the sound of his son’s voice on the other end of the line caused momentary tears to come to his eyes. Curt listened as Tommy excitedly recounted all the fun he was having there with his grandma. Once finished, Curt told Tommy he loved him, then said, “I’d like to talk to Grandma now if she’s available.”
“All right, just a sec,” said Tommy.
Curt listened to the silence on the other end of the line as he waited. Not long after, Tommy’s voice came over the other end of the line again. “Grandma’s busy in the kitchen and says she wants to get me tucked into bed first, and that she’d call you back around nine thirty or ten o’clock.”
“Since it sounds like you’ll be going to bed soon, I guess I’ll tell you good night now.”
“Good night, Dad, I love you.”
“Love you too, son.”
Curt hung up the phone, then looking at the time saw it was eight in the evening, and decided that he had time to get a shower before his mom called back. An hour later he came back down the stairs, wrapped in a bathrobe, his hair still damp. Curt sat down and poured himself a drink. He’d almost emptied his glass when the shrill ring of the phone intruded on his thoughts. Curt answered right away and was relieved to hear Evelyn’s voice.
He spent the next hour recounting when he first discovered the affair that Joanie was having, and how he’d forgiven her, then went on to relate the recent events at the hospital, the miscarriage, and the revelation about the abortion.
Furious over all the lies, and everything Joanie had put him through, Evelyn was careful to keep her voice down in case Tommy were to wake up and hear. She told Curt that it was time he thought about his wellbeing and Tommy’s, and that in her opinion divorce was the only logical option. He’d done everything possible to make the marriage work but now it was time to get away from the whole mess. He listened quietly, knowing that his mother was right, and after thanking her for the advice, hung up and went to bed. By morning he’d come to a decision.
He got ready then went straight to the office, where he spent the day working, then met up with Patrick at a nearby restaurant, where over dinner he confided more about his and Joanie’s marital issues, and his decision to dissolve their marriage. Patrick listened quietly to Curt as he talked. Since he had already learned of Joanie’s affair from Curt, he didn’t seem particularly surprised at his friend’s decision.
Having specialized in family law for many years, Patrick had seen more failed marriages than successful, which is why Curt appreciated all the more the concern and care with which he listened, and couldn’t help but wonder how many times Patrick had heard the same kind of story he was relating now. A lot, Curt was sure. After he’d finished recounting the whole thing, Patrick assured him that no matter what time, day or night, he was welcome to call or come over, and that if he needed any advice or just wanted to talk he would always be available.
Curt thanked him, and told him how grateful he was for the continued friendship both he and his wife extended to him. They stayed a little longer visiting, before each said goodbye and went their separate ways. Once back home, Curt got started drawing up divorce papers.
The following weeks went by in a blur. Curt was kept busy by work at the office, and most times stayed up well into the night working on difficult cases and writing depositions. The influx of clients helped to occupy his time, and to keep his thoughts off Joanie and the abortion. Most of what little free time he did have was spent over at Patrick’s visiting him and his wife. Patrick and his wife were nothing but kind and solicitous, inviting him over for dinner regularly and helping him get through the first rough couple weeks. Curt was grateful to have such caring good friends for neighbors.
It was creeping up on midnight when he staggered from the car, and up to the front door, fumbled with getting the key in the lock then waved a goodbye to Patrick before stumbling through the door, and up the stairs to bed. It had been a long day. Hell, it had been a long week, and all he wanted to do was crawl into bed and sleep.
Instead of coming directly home from the office that day, he’d gone out drinking with Patrick at a bar that was within walking distance to his work, and had ended up having more to drink than intended. He and Patrick both ended up taking the same cab home. Tomorrow he’d take a cab to the parking garage where he left his car.
Tommy had come back from Evelyn’s a few weeks earlier, and was over at a friend’s, leaving the house empty and quiet. He still hadn’t told Tommy about the coming divorce. He wanted to talk to Joanie first, but she’d been impossible to reach.
The few times he’d called her mother’s house, he’d either been taken straight to voicemail, or his mother-in-law had answered, but remained frosty and standoffish, telling him that Joanie was unavailable to talk.
Not bothering with a shower or changing out of his clothes, Curt flopped down on the bed, pulling the covers up around himself, unaware of the slender silhouette that stood hidden in the shadows. It was her voice that he heard first, “Please forgive me, that’s all I really want is your forgiveness. After being released from the hospital, I ignored all your calls – I couldn’t bring myself to face you, until now. I hope you don’t mind but I let myself in. I had to see you one last time.”
“Joanie?” Curt immediately sat up in bed, and saw Joanie’s face and body emerge from the shadows in the far corner of the room. His gaze was drawn to what she held in her hand, the glittering tip of the blade was pointed directly at her chest, her fingers curled tightly around the knife’s handle. His heart leaped as her intentions registered in his mind. Throwing back the covers, he quickly closed the distance between them and wrestled the weapon from her grasp then brought his lips down on hers in a crushing kiss, that lasted until they were both breathless. Too drunk to care, Curt succumbed to his desire for her that had been awakened, not thinking about the consequences. Wordlessly he laid her down on the bed then covered her body with his.
The next morning Curt woke up in a tangle of bed sheets, still redolent of Wild Brambles, Joanie’s favorite scent she always wore. Pushing himself up against the pillows, his gaze went to the open bathroom door, and he called out to her. When no answer came he got out of bed and checked the bathroom but found it empty along with the rest of the house.
Taking the stairs back up to the bedroom, he at first thought that maybe it was just a very vivid dream brought on by too much alcohol the night before, but then how would that explain the scent of Joanie’s perfume that he woke up to? Then again perhaps he’d even imagined that too, but when he went to get some clothes from the closet his gaze fell on the knife that was left lying on the floor.
Many times throughout the next couple of weeks, he almost picked up the phone to dial her number, only to hang back up again.
He couldn’t talk to her – not yet. First he wanted to understand what exactly had happened that night when she’d shown up unexpectedly in their bedroom, and if being together again was something he really wanted. Right now, though, he wasn’t sure what he wanted. Joanie had betrayed not just him but Tommy as well when she aborted the first baby, and he had a hard time imagining being able to trust her again. Joanie had hurt him so badly that when he thought too hard about it, the old pain he’d worked so hard to forget would resurface.
Seven weeks had come and gone since he’d discovered Joanie standing  in their bedroom, cloaked in dark shadow, contemplating taking her own life. During that time what he wanted to happen between him and Joanie was no more clear, and Joanie made no attempts at calling or coming over since that night. He couldn’t help but think that whatever it was they had to say to one another was best left unsaid, at least until they both knew what it was they actually wanted.
The next week, Curt came home early from the office, and was startled to find Joanie waiting for him in the living room when he got home. Setting down his keys, Curt stepped inside.
Before he could say anything, Joanie turned around from where she stood at the window, an envelope in hand. She held it out to him and said, “There’s something I think you should know.”
Reluctantly he took hold of the envelope, and casting her a questioning look, tore it open, and after reading over the contents, dropped down into the nearest chair. “I don’t know what to say about this –”
Joanie then surprised him when she said, “You don’t have to say anything. Look, there’s really no excuse for what I’ve done. You didn’t deserve any of it. I was incredibly selfish. I’ll understand if you never want to see me again. I never should’ve shown up here the way I did earlier. I was in a bad place, but I’ve since accepted that things will never be the same between us. I think I just hoped that somehow things could be different, but I know they can’t.”
The inside of Curt’s mouth felt like cotton, and the news Joanie had just delivered left him stunned and speechless.
Moving past him toward the stairs, Joanie said, “I just came to get my things and then I’ll be gone.”
Curt surprised himself further by saying, “No. Don’t go – that’s not what I want.”
She paused at the bottom of the stairwell, and mirrored his surprise with a look of her own. “But Curt, you can’t possibly mean that. I thought that after –”
“How long have you known?”
“I only just found out.” Joanie took a few steps toward him.
“What are you planning on doing now? And don’t lie to me,” said Curt.
Almost as if she could read his thoughts, she said, “I’ve already made up my mind to keep it, and I hope you’ll be an active participant in this child’s life, but I won’t force you.”
“This is all so sudden. I wouldn’t have chosen for things to work out this way, but now that they have, the one thing I am sure of is that I want Tommy and this new child to be raised by us both. Joanie, I don’t want a divorce. This separation has gone on long enough.”
“Do you really mean that?” Tears glistened in her eyes. “After everything that happened, everything I did, I didn’t think you’d ever forgive me.”
“I won’t pretend things are okay, because they’re not, but this baby changes things. I think we owe it to ourselves, Tommy, and this baby to give our marriage another try.”
“Oh Curt, I can’t began to tell you what it means to me to hear that.” Joanie flew into his arms, buried her face against his chest, and clung onto him as if she’d never let go.
As the weeks passed the baby inside Joanie’s belly grew. Curt was there by her side just as he had been before with the other pregnancies. He catered to her every whim, making late night visits to the store to purchase her latest craving. In the evenings before bed, he’d massage her feet. He never missed a prenatal appointment, and had even signed them up for Lamaze class.
Joanie had cut back on her hours at the magazine, and Curt often would do whatever work he could at home so he could be there to help care for her. Not wanting Tommy to think about the disappointment he experienced from the other two times Joanie had been pregnant, they waited for as long as possible to tell him. Finally when Joanie was beginning to show, they couldn’t put it off any longer. They called Tommy down from his room one evening after dinner.
Curt started out by saying, “There’s something your mother and I need to tell you.”
“Dad?” Tommy looked questioningly from Curt to Joanie. “Mom? Is something wrong?”
Curt broke into a grin. “No, son, nothing’s wrong.”
“What your father is trying to say,” began Joanie gently, “is that you’re going to have another chance at having a brother or sister – I’m pregnant. Isn’t it wonderful?”
Tommy stared down at his lap and said nothing.
After a beat longer of silence, Curt said, “What’s the matter, son, aren’t you happy about it?”
Not meeting the gaze of either of his parents, Tommy said, “Sure. Sure I am.” He got to his feet. “May I be excused now?”
Curt and Joanie cast each other a worried look, and Curt said, “Not yet, why don’t you say what’s on your mind, and tell us what it is that’s bothering you.”
Tommy shrugged his small shoulders, and said, “Well – you see, it’s just that Momma already had two babies that she lost and –”
Cutting in, Curt said, “And you’re afraid it’s going to happen again?”
Tommy said nothing, only nodded.
I understand,” Curt looked at Joanie and said, “your mother and I both do, but this time things will be different, you’ll see.”
“But that’s what you said last time and it wasn’t,” said Tommy, holding back tears.
“Yes, I suppose I did, but this time is different, I’m sure of it.”
“How is it different?”
Catching Curt’s eye, Joanie said, “Just because something  doesn’t work out the first, or even the second time, doesn’t mean that it can’t work out later.”
“Like the baby, you mean?”
“Yes, like the baby,” said Joanie.
“Tommy,” began Curt, “do you remember last year when you put out food and water for a stray cat?”
“Yes, I remember.”
“And do you remember how disappointed you were when it stopped coming around?”
“Uhuh.”
“But you never gave up on the idea that it would return, did you?”
Tommy shook his head.
“A few days later it came back. Now what would have happened if you had given up, and quit leaving water and food out?”
“I suppose it wouldn’t have come back, would it?”
“No, son, it wouldn’t have. Because you would have given up on it, but you didn’t, did you?”
“No, I guess not,” said Tommy.
“So don’t you think then, that you ought to think just as positively about the little brother or sister your mother has growing inside her now?”
Tommy gave a solemn nod of his head and said, “Can I play with my train set now?”
Playfully Curt said, “Go on. Get out of here then.”
Curt and Joanie smiled at one another as they watched Tommy bound up the stairs to his room, where the new train set Joanie and Curt had recently bought for him waited.
Curt sighed and leaned back against the sofa cushions. Wrapping an arm around Joanie and bringing her closer, he said, “I’m glad that’s over with.”
“Do you think he’ll be okay?”
“It’ll take a while, but I think he’ll get used to the idea. After all, it’s not that he doesn’t want a brother or sister, it’s that he wants one so bad, he’s worried something will happen like the other times, but as time passes I’m sure he’ll adjust.”
“Yes, I suppose you’re right,” said Joanie as she yawned and rested her head against Curt’s shoulder.
They relaxed in front of the fire visiting until bed.
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
Soon it was time for Tommy to see his grandma again, and Evelyn was just as excited about the visit as he was. That evening they stayed up well into the night, and Tommy, up in the loft, tucked beneath the covers, listened quietly to his grandmother as she continued where she’d left off with the story, The Beast of Rogue.
Evelyn settled down beside him on the bed, then said, “Let’s see here, where exactly in the story were we? I’m afraid my memory isn’t what it used to be.”
“I know,” said Tommy excitedly.
“All right then,” laughed Evelyn, “where?”
“We had finished the part where Jacob was just visited by his grandfather in a dream,” said Tommy.
“Ah yes. Now I remember. Jacob was very confused and not at all sure about what was really going on,” began Evelyn, “because if he had known what waited for him, he never would have kissed Fiona.”
“He kissed Fiona? Girl germs. Yuck!”
“Yes,” laughed Evelyn, “he did. And one day when you’re much older, there might be a special girl that you’ll want to kiss.”
“Nah. Girls are annoying.”
“Well, it would have saved Jacob from a frightful experience had he felt that way too.”
“What happened? Did she turn into a monster and eat him?”
“Not quite. So, as I was saying,” began Evelyn, “he awoke from a very real dream…”
Kicking out of the tangle of sheets, Jacob bolted upright in bed. With his heart thrumming a desperate tempo in his chest, the words of his grandfather returned to him.
His name wasn’t Jacob, it was Hiawatha.
He was Hiawatha.
Fiona had been lying to him the entire time. She wasn’t who she claimed to be either, nor was Frederick her brother, but instead was her child, the son she’d miscarried, only to have him returned to her by the powers of the lake. There never had been any ghosts haunting the area as she’d had him believe, but instead it had everything to do with the time barrier having been broken.
The cave!
He had to make it to the cave before the twelfth of midnight. Scrambling from the bed, Hiawatha ran to the window and peered out into the darkness beyond. Tall trees and bushes formed an imposing barrier, concealing the potential dangers formed by Bella and the wolves that inhabited it.
Hurriedly pulling on a pair of trousers and a shirt, Hiawatha left the cabin to enter the deep darkness of the forest. Vivid images raced through his mind from the earlier dream, and the revelations that had unfolded.
Running through the heavily wooded pathway, Hiawatha pushed past branches and larger tree limbs that reached out to scratch and hit against him, as he made his way toward the lake and the cave that lay just beyond the waterfall. It wasn’t long until he’d made it out of the forest and into the open field of wildflowers.
Off in the distance, standing next to the rippling body of water, stood the lone figure of a woman, the shape of her silhouetted against the white sheen of moonlight that spilled down upon the lake and meadow below. As he steadily approached, Hiawatha was about to call out to her, but all intention of confronting her was forgotten when she turned to face him.
Everything about Bella was so breathtakingly beautiful that he found her impossible to resist. A cautionary voice inside his head told him to back away while there was still time, but despite this, he found himself drawn in and enticed by the beautiful woman standing before him.
“Come to me…” Bella stretched her arms toward him, as she continued beckoning him forward. Her long caramel tresses spilled out in lustrous, heavy locks around her shoulders and down her back. The color of her eyes, a rich amber, bordered by impossibly long, thick lashes, captured his gaze and refused to let go. She was clad in a pale pink gown that flowed around her slender, shapely form and billowed out in the gentle breeze that came in off the water, adding to her ethereal beauty. As if he were under a spell or trance of some kind, Hiawatha moved in to kiss her, and right before his lips met hers, he heard her say, “At last I can kill you…”
Hiawatha broke away from her clutches, and said, “What’s happening?”
Moving a step closer to him, she said, “Only what you’ve made happen.” A sinister smile played on her full red lips.
Hiawatha continued to back away from her, before whirling around, and stopping himself from falling into the serene water of the lake.
Bella came up behind him, and in that moment he caught sight of his own image with hers, staring back at him from the reflective surface of the water. But it was Bella’s visage, captured in the rippling reflection of the lake, that caused terror to build inside of him. No longer did she have a youthful appearance. Gone was her beauty, and in its place were the sunken features of an old hag.
Averting his gaze from the hideous sight, Hiawatha turned to face her once more, and was further startled to see that although she appeared old and wrinkled in the lake’s reflection, in person she looked as stunningly beautiful as ever.
Reaching out a hand to run her fingers along the side of his face, Bella said, “I’ve stayed young and beautiful far past the reaches of youth. Only in the lake’s reflection does my age truly show. I knew it was only a matter of time before you learned the truth about how you came to be here. Imagine Frederick’s and my surprise when we discovered you unconscious, lying there so near to the cave and falls. We took you back to the house, where we hoped you’d simply return to the distant past where you belong, but you couldn’t just quietly leave, could you? No, of course you couldn’t. I purposely warned you about staying away from the cave, knowing all along that doing so would only heighten your curiosity. In the end, though, you didn’t disappear as I so hoped you would. Telling you about the wolves and how we needed you to find and kill them was something I made up, thinking that if you were preoccupied with finding creatures that I thought were indestructible, it would keep you from discovering Frederick’s and my true identity. And now, here we are, finally there are no more deceptions and lies, just truth.”
Hiawatha recoiled at her touch, and turned his attention to the heavy mist that had descended upon the meadow and skimmed the lake’s surface. The outline of large wolves began to take formation within the dense, swirling rise of fog.
A lone howl rose up to penetrate the stillness all around them, followed by the cries of many more.
Coming up to whisper in his ear, Bella said, “You see them, don’t you? They’re all around us.” There was a tremor of excitement in her voice.
Hiawatha’s gaze traveled through the rising, billowing mist of fog to see yellow eyes glowing back at him, and found that the use of his voice had left him. The inside of his mouth felt like cotton. Swallowing down the lump in his throat, he said, “What do you plan on doing now?”
“It’s not what I have planned, so much as what they have planned – they’re here to kill you, just as you killed my son – Frederick.”
“I never harmed your son.”
“Oh, didn’t you?” smirked Bella. “You killed the beast that shared the same life force as my son, Frederick, and in so doing, caused his death –” Her voice rose up into a gurgling cry. “And for that, you shall die!”
“Not your son – mine!”
Bella immediately recognized the voice of the water goddess. There was an inhuman, ethereal quality to it, like the pitter patter of falling raindrops hitting against the smooth surface of the water.
Hiawatha and Bella whirled around in time to see the crystalline, statue-like form of a woman rise up from the water in a turbulence of waves. Emitting high tinkling laughter, she said, “Ah yes, Bella dear. At last we meet again, only this time under no false pretenses…”
“How is it that you know my name, when I don’t remember ever giving it to you?”
“I should know it, since I’m the one who chose it for you.”
“Mother,” gasped Bella, unable to contain her surprise. “Is that really you?”
“Mother? No, not mother. Your real mother is dead, remember?” Moonlight bounced off the sheer silhouette of glistening water, causing Lucinda’s unnatural form to sparkle like many diamonds. Rivulets of water ran down the length of her body, yet she still managed to keep her form. Even in her unnatural state, Lucinda’s facial features were strikingly clear. She resembled a sculpture carved from ice, only this was continuous running water.
Remembering back to when she’d first encountered Lucinda in this unnatural state, Bella wondered why she hadn’t recognized her then. Perhaps because the sight was so shocking that an even wilder possibility had never occurred to her. She’d always just assumed, along with everyone else, that Lucinda had drowned in the lake. Never once had she or anyone else thought that such a miraculous transformation was even possible.
Hiawatha was as amazed as Bella, as he too stood there in shock at what was taking place right there in front of them.
Lucinda’s features contorted into a look of garish delight, as she said, “I should know, since I’m the one who killed her – well I didn’t exactly kill her, so much as I simply didn’t intervene in preventing the inevitable, when she bled out after having given birth. All I did was let nature do the rest, by leaving her there to die.”
Unable to stop herself, Bella said, “You never wanted or loved me, so why do it?”
“Why? Because at the time, I foolishly and stupidly thought that I wanted a child, but after taking you home, it wasn’t long before I realized you were more of a curse than a blessing. Your continuous crying and the way you always needed my attention made my life a living hell. And now I’ve made yours the same.”
“How is it possible that you’re even here? We all thought you died,” said Bella.
“You mean, we, as in you, and that pathetic drunk I had for a husband?” Lucinda chuckled at having presented this rhetorical question. “Well it looks as if the two of you were wrong. It’s possible for me to be here, the same way it’s possible that you’re not a heap of dry bones right now. You are, after all, quite old. What would you be now? Nearing a hundred – yet you stand here looking just as beautiful as when you were scarcely twenty.” Lucinda glided effortlessly across the surface, and closer to where Hiawatha and Bella stood on the grassy bank. “You and I are not so very different after all.”
“I’m nothing like you,” said Bella.
“Have you forgotten so quickly how you wished destruction on the people of Rogue, people who’ve rejected you, your entire life?”
“I haven’t forgotten,” said Bella stiffly.
“You can’t continue to vilify me for not living up to your lofty expectations of what a perfect mother should be, not when you failed so horribly at motherhood yourself,” said Lucinda.
“That might be true, but since I’ve never been loved, I’ve never known how to love,” said Bella.
“Clementine wasn’t merely a stepdaughter, but your niece as well – Suzanna’s beloved child. Yet it was you who caused her death… and all this time I thought you loved your sister.”
“I did love her, and still do. What happened to Clementine was an accident, I never meant for her to fall.”
“Your life, and the mess you made of it, isn’t my problem. Throughout the years I’ve reveled in your pain, enjoyed watching you suffer. And to think, the serpent of the lake thought it would be punishment to entrap me within these waters. And it was, for a time, that is, until I realized my full potential. Guess he never knew just how ambitious I would become,” said Lucinda.
Hiawatha’s gaze went back to the heavy mist that covered the ground all around them, and to the shifting shadowy forms of wolves that took shape, their yellow eyes intently watching, waiting no longer for Bella’s order, but waiting instead for the command from their true mistress, the water goddess of the deep, that Lucinda had long since become. He then turned his attention back to the bizarre reunion between Bella and the woman who raised her.
“Imagine my delight when you, my own hated daughter, came to me with her own wishes – wishes of revenge. Wishes that I manipulated you to make, because in truth, they were my wishes that you enacted. I knew that once your sister died, a sister that you were always so envious of, you wouldn’t be able to hide your ugly nature for long. And you didn’t disappoint. You took full advantage of her absence, and did exactly what I knew you would do. What I knew was in you the entire time. You seduced her husband, then stole her family, but even that wasn’t enough for you – was it?”
“I lost my child because of Clementine, and the way her father always catered to her every whim,” said Bella.
“Oh. Yes. That – well let me explain something to you. When you came to me with the wish of wanting to bear a child –”
“I never,” began Bella, but was quickly silenced by Lucinda’s next words.
“I can recall, even now, the way you were on that day. How you sat down on the grassy banks of the meadow, and the words, those magical words that you foolishly spoke aloud, I wish I were with child…And never once did you specify whose child – just a child, and in so doing, unwittingly gave me the power to grant just the wish I’d been waiting to grant.”
“Yes – but I went in search of herbs, and began taking them nightly. It was that which helped me to conceive, not you,” said Bella, searching desperately now for another answer, any answer but what Lucinda was telling her, but no matter how vehemently she wanted to deny it, inside she knew it was the truth.
“No, you fool! It was I who caused you to conceive by granting your wish.” Lucinda’s voice echoed all around like the high whistle of a gale force wind, amidst the roar and crash of tossing waves. “Until then I could never have a child of my own – a child of my own flesh and blood, but when I saw you that day, and heard your wish, new possibilities opened up to me. I realized then, that by using you as a carrier, I could grant your wish, while granting my own lifelong wish of bringing back my dead child through you. Don’t you see now, it was never your child that you carried, but was always mine. A child that I had lost, right before your harlot of a mother showed up on my doorstep looking for a midwife.”
“But you always claimed to never have been able to get pregnant,” said Bella.
“I was only able to once, but it soon became evident that the pregnancy was never meant to be. In essence, you served as a willing incubator. And here you thought that Clementine and her father were to blame for your miscarriage, when in fact I gave you the same child I myself had lost. And just as I miscarried this child, so did you. When you dropped the fetus into these waters, it allowed me to bring life back into what had until then been lost to me forever. You spent all your life wanting to escape me, yet it was I you came to with every wish, every thought. Even before I was relegated to this watery prison, I knew all about how you wanted your handsome young lover to come along and carry you away to some happily ever after. It was I who stood in the woods and watched you make your wish – it was then that I realized something had to be done before you discovered the powers these waters actually held. It was I who snuck down here to meet him, and it was I who ultimately stole him away from you. Just as your handsome suitor is, so you have also been a prisoner to my wishes.”
“You – you killed him,” gasped Bella, believing him now to be dead.
In a shrill voice like that of crashing waves, Lucinda exclaimed, “And now I shall destroy you once and for all!”
The shifting shadows of the many yellow-eyed wolves moved steadily through the fog toward Hiawatha and Bella, who now turned from the lake to look on in horror as the phantom wolves descended upon them, but before they could be reached, droves of real wolves poured down from the mountains and began attacking the phantom wolves.
At seeing this, Lucinda said, “They’ll never win. My wolves are much too powerful – wolves that years ago I brought into existence.”
Significantly weakened by the death of their leader, the shadow beasts, when bitten by the real wolves, vanished back into the fog, then were swept off by a strong gust of wind back across the lake. Lucinda gave out a wailing cry at seeing this happen, then became a shapeless mass of water that crashed down into the lake once more.
With the phantom wolves gone, Hiawatha was no longer paying attention to Bella, but instead looked over to see the magnificent silver beast with the curious lilac-colored eyes that had appeared miraculously at his side. He then followed the beast’s gaze to the waterfall where Clementine, looking just as he remembered her, stepped out from behind the sheet of running water. Seeing him, Clementine flew into his waiting arms, where they stayed for a short while in one another’s embrace.
Crushing her to him, Hiawatha said, “My beautiful flower, I’ve missed you so, and now here you are – you’ve returned to me by the powers of the lake.”
“It was you who wished me back so long ago, and for that I’m eternally grateful.” Then gently pulling away, Clementine said, “There’s not much time left, we must hurry before the lunar eclipse has passed. We need to return to the cave before the portal leading back into our world, the world we both belong in, closes entirely. Otherwise, if we stay here, we’ll both die. The aging process will be accelerated.”
A piercing scream caused them both to look over to Bella, who remained a short distance away. She held her now withered hands out in front of her face, while continuing to scream pitifully. Her once slender fingers were splayed out, and appeared gnarled and claw-like, just like her hands. Her youthful beauty had left her, and she now looked her true age, a hunched and feeble old woman.
Gripping onto him, Clementine murmured, “It’s already beginning…”
Hiawatha looked away from the nightmarish transformation, to Clementine, and said, “What’s happening to her?”
“Bella was only able to stay young because of the time barrier she accidentally entered years ago, which caused the aging process to cease,” explained Clementine, “but now that the lunar eclipse is almost here, everything is beginning to rapidly change. Once we’re returned to the past, Lucinda will meet her final end. And the phantom wolf, the one that shared a bond with the child Bella had thought to be hers, will have to be killed in a second death. When we enter the portal we’ll no longer be together, but will each be returned to different places. I will be returned to my father, where I must save him from the danger he’s in, and you will be returned to the night both your parents died.”
Realizing the dire urgency of the situation, Hiawatha climbed onto the back of the silver wolf with Clementine. No sooner had they done this than the silver beast took them away, and leaped through the waterfall, into the all-consuming blackness of the cave. In the next split second, both the silver wolf and Clementine had vanished, as if they’d never been there at all, and Hiawatha found himself alone in complete silence.
Unable to see anything save for the inky blackness that surrounded him, he began to feel disoriented and lost. Walking blindly through the darkness, Hiawatha wondered where the great silver beast and Clementine had disappeared to. A startling and unpleasant thought then came to him. Could it be possible that they’d made it through the time portal without him? Right as he was contemplating all this, the rocky ground beneath his feet gave way to nothingness, followed by the dizzying sensation of falling and the cold blast of air rushing past him, and then came a hard hit as he connected with the ground.
Hiawatha looked around and was amazed to discover that he was back in his tepee on that night so long ago. Relief filled him at the knowledge that it had actually worked, and he was back in the time period he belonged in.
His next thought was of Clementine, and where she was right at that moment. She had mentioned something about her father, and needing to save him, but before Hiawatha could fully register all that had happened, a heavy tiredness came over him, and he was pulled into a dreamless slumber.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
Stumbling through the forest, her one thought was to make it to the cabin where so much had happened. It seemed fitting somehow that cabin number nine should be where her life ended. It was the one place she felt safest, the one place she wanted to be when she drew her last breath. Every step was proving more and more difficult. She was aging rapidly and could feel the energy drain from her body.
Her hands were withered and ancient, just like the rest of her, but none of that mattered now. Her entire focus was getting to her destination before – no, she couldn’t think of it, not now, not yet. Her breathing became more labored as she pushed forward.
Collapsing onto the ground, Bella lay there straining to catch what little breath she still had. Finally with great difficulty, she used her arms and hands to pull herself across the forest floor to the door of the cabin. The door had been curiously left open, almost as if the ancient wooden structure had a life of its own, and had been expecting her.
She was finally home where she belonged. The cabin represented a place of comfort, a place where she could get some rest, because she was tired, yes, so very tired. Bella dragged herself inside, all the while being careful not to look at her hands. She didn’t want to see or know the extent of her body’s decay, or how much the passing years had ravaged her, and the beauty that had been stolen in the process. Her body felt unfamiliar, as if it belonged to someone else.
Bella crawled on her hands and knees across the wooden floor and toward the bed at the center. Then clutching onto the bedpost with gnarled, claw-like, skeletal hands, she managed to draw up the last of what little strength she did have, and pulled herself up into a standing position, before easing her old tired body onto the bed, where she lay, her breathing shallow and labored from the effort.
It was then that for the first time, she really became aware of her own mortality, and life itself flashed before her like a fleeting image. It was in this surreal state that time itself slowed down to nothing. The cabin, just like the forest, stood tall and strong, so unlike her bent and frail body. The life force within her was quickly fading, while the forest and everything in it, including the very cabin she lay dying in, was still flourishing, its beauty untouched. Much like the butterflies that she’d admired throughout her life, she too had outlived her lifespan, and would now soon be a thing of the past, a forgotten memory like all the others who lived and died years before her.
Shadows loomed large and foreboding, slowly sliding along the walls, threatening to close in on her, suffocating her. The silence was deafening, and the dread that crept through her was overwhelming. A shiver went though her, and she was suddenly so very cold. The crackling and snapping sound of a fire burning in the grate cut through the silence, and punctuated the quiet, working only to further unsettle her. It took every last bit of strength she had left to turn her head toward the hearth, where a fire roared and blazed in the grate. The orange glowing flames fanned out and grew with each passing second, although she could see no plausible explanation, and wondered if she was hallucinating.
Darkness had fallen over the forest and crept into the cabin. Warmth from the fire, whether it be real or imagined, took away the chill, and provided a certain kind of comfort. Shadows of the hissing, roaring flames danced along the walls. The cabin’s interior was plunged into a warm, orange glow generated from the fire. The calm that surrounded her only seemed to cause the panic, that until then had remained hidden deep within her very core, to grow until she thought it might choke her.
As she watched the glowing flames, the thought came to her that she too was like a flame flickering in the wind, struggling not to be extinguished, continuing to fight against, and prolong the eventuality of what was to come – death. Until this moment, she hadn’t thought about death, hadn’t wanted to dwell on the unpleasantness. Oh yes, she’d done plenty to stave it off, and for a brief, delusional moment, had even considered it a possibility on that fateful day when her sister Suzanna lost her own life, but since that time never had she really allowed herself to consider or accept it, but instead had put it off as something that wouldn’t happen for a long time, but somehow time ran out without her ever realizing it.
Now she could no longer deny its looming presence, and until then she hadn’t realized what it was about death that especially bothered her, but now she knew it was the simple act of no longer being, no longer existing, that frightened her most. Oddly it wasn’t the fear of brimstone and fire that Lucinda always threatened her with, but was the idea of never being able to form a thought, or draw up a feeling whether it be joy or grief, of being completely unaware, like before birth, that absolutely terrified her, and yet there was nothing she or any other mortal could do about it.
This time she was alone – truly alone. The silence, save for the crackling flames, beckoned for her to close her eyes and give up the fight. She was suddenly aware of the urgent need to have someone there with her, someone to hold her hand, but there was no one. Just as she’d been throughout most of her life, now that it was coming to an end she was alone again.
Exhaustion washed over her and pressed down on her chest making it difficult to breathe, but oddly even this didn’t bother her. No, what bothered her instead was the knowledge that if she were to give in, she’d cease breathing altogether, and death would drag her under. It took every ounce of willpower she had left to draw in each ragged, small breath. She was fighting against the inevitable, she knew, but somehow couldn’t help herself. The lids of her eyes were so heavy, it took a tremendous amount of effort to keep them open. The temptation to sleep was great, but the will to live was even stronger.
How had she gotten to this place? How had it crept up on her so silently, so suddenly? The answer was clear. Each day passing had brought her closer to this one final moment. She had outlived life itself, much the way a child might outgrow a shoe. Only this time there wouldn’t be a shiny new pair to slip into.
Collective howling from outside rose up to penetrate the inner walls of the cabin. The wolves were out roaming the forest in search of prey to satisfy their ravenous appetites. They always were out at this late hour, it was a sound she was familiar with, but this time it was almost as if their soulful cries were meant to punctuate her death.
The wind picked up outside and gave a rattling shrill cry as it whipped through the trees. A strong gust swept into the cabin and rocked the door on its hinges, causing it to fly open and knock up against the wall.
It was then that she became aware of, or had the sensation of being watched. Bella’s tired gaze followed the sound made by the door as it continued to hit uselessly against the inside of the wall. What she saw standing in the open doorway terrified her so badly, that she would have screamed had her voice not already been taken from her. It amazed her that even with being this close to dying she was still capable of feeling such raw fear. She tried moving away from what she saw, but it was no use. She couldn’t get her ancient, tired limbs to obey the voice that screamed from inside her head, and was unable to do anything but watch as the ghost rider took purposeful steps toward the bed where she lay.
This intruder, this ghost that had haunted her for most of her life it seemed, was death, she was certain of that, and now, after so many years it had come to claim her. As the ghost rider drew closer, the heavy tread of his footsteps reverberated against the old floorboards.
Unable to tear her gaze away from his imposing shadow, a huge menacing, elongated umber stretching across the walls, Bella watched wide-eyed and full of dread as he came to stand at the edge of the bed.
Another gust of wind whooshed in through the open door, this time extinguishing the fire that had been burning in the grate, leaving Bella alone in the dark with the very thing she’d spent almost all her life fearing and running from. She did her best not to look into the piercing green stare of the phantom cowboy, fearing that the simple act of looking into his eyes might extinguish the fragile existence she now struggled so hard to hold onto. She desperately wanted to leap up and run from the cabin, but instead remained there, rendered immobile, and looked on helplessly as the ghost rider leaned down and gathered her frail body up into his arms.
The wind continued to screech and moan as it rattled through the old structure, causing her hair that was now white to blow out in long thin strands all around her, but she was aware of nothing other than the phantom cowboy that held her.
His voice came to her like a whispered caress from somewhere in the darkness and possessed a near hypnotic quality. “I’ve waited for you for so long, Bella…”
Despite her fears, she felt compelled in some strange way to look into Death’s eyes, and thought she was prepared for whatever monstrous end awaited her. What she saw instead were the achingly familiar, pale green eyes of her long ago lover, who she’d thought had been lost to her forever. All this time he’d been right there, so near to her. Yet, cruelly she never realized it until now, until it was too late.
The terrible truth about what had happened on that day so long ago when she’d been led to believe that he’d run off and gotten married, became painfully clear. Lucinda’s earlier words that she’d hurled at her down at The Falls came back to her now. Just as your handsome suitor is, so you have also been a prisoner to my wishes. Bella now understood that it was Lucinda who had caused his imprisonment as a final act of hatred, and it was the cruelest trick of all.
Then as she looked into the dark shadow of his face, his features became clearer, and the darkness that had shrouded his handsome visage fell away, and she was able to see him exactly how he was, when they first met, so long ago in a field of wildflowers next to The Falls. They’d been reunited by death itself.
Reaching up a withered hand, she caressed the side of his face and then found the use of her voice and said, “You kept your promise and came back for me.”
“I never left,” came his reply.
For the briefest of moments she was self-conscious, remembering how she must look, and quickly brought her hand away from him.“You’re so young and handsome still, and I’m so –”
He stopped her, and said, “You’re so beautiful. To me, you’re so beautiful.”
She tried to speak but found the effort too great. Bella felt limp and weightless in his arms, as he carried her out of the cabin and into the woods. No longer was she afraid, but for the first time in her life felt contentment, and most of all she knew that she was safe at last.
Staring deeply into her eyes, he said, “At last we’re together…”
For the first time, death no longer frightened her. When he brought his lips down on hers, she was unaware of the blackness that closed in on them. Forgetting to fight against what was happening, she eagerly met him in a kiss that stole the last breath that was left in her body…
“But Grandma,” interrupted Tommy.
“Yes,” said Evelyn.
“Does that mean that Bella died?”
“In a way, yes. She died in the future, only to return to her past life in the eighteen hundreds, but she has no memory of the future events that had occurred, including her own death.”
“So then that means she’s not really dead?”
“Not anymore,” said Evelyn.
“What about the ghost rider? What will happen to him?”
“You’ll just have to wait and find out. Right now though, we’re going to leave Bella, and return to Hiawatha. Remember that Jacob, who’s been reunited with Clementine, has just discovered who he really is, and the two of them have traveled back through time?”
“I remember, yes, but what are they going to do once they get there?”
“Well, for one thing, they’re going to change things – or at least try to,” said Evelyn.
“Does that mean that they won’t succeed?”
“I never said that, and if you want to know you’ll just have to be patient and as I’ve said before, listen to the story. Hiawatha and Clementine have just broken through the portal of time, where they each have a destiny to fulfill.”
“What happens to Clementine?”
“You’ll find out more about that later, but right now we’re going back to Hiawatha, who has just returned to a pivotal time in the past…”
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
It was midnight. Awakening from a sound sleep, Hiawatha remembered everything, as if the previous events had been burned into his mind, and knew what he must do. The low growl of a wolf reverberated through the stillness. Grabbing up the spear that lay next to him, Hiawatha left the safety of the tepee, and remembering his grandfather’s words, walked out to meet the monstrous beast that moved silently through camp.
Every hair on the back of his neck stood on end, and a tingle of fear ran up his spine. Hiawatha’s gaze traveled through the darkness.
The night was unusually dark, and he could feel rather than see the danger. But it was there, he could sense the monster’s presence, just as surely as if it stood before him.
A high-pitched howl carried on the wind, followed by a low rumbling growl that cut through the darkness, and swirled through the air. In his peripheral vision, there was the sense of movement. The sound of his own breathing filled his ears, and he knew that although he couldn’t see it, the creature watched him from within the surrounding darkness, and seemed to be everywhere and nowhere at once.
Tamping down his own beginning panic, Hiawatha focused all his efforts on keeping the fear that threatened to overtake him at bay. If he were to survive and prevent the death of his parents, it was important that he keep a clear and focused mind.
There it was again, that imperceptible movement, this time off to the right of him. Two eyes, one pale blue and the other a burning crimson, appeared to him through the darkness, growing wide and luminous, the pupils a tiny pinpoint, and almost had a hypnotic effect. Gradually the form of a large wolf took shape in the otherwise empty blackness. The shadowy body of the animal came in and out of focus, as it slowly circled him, its sinewy form appearing and then disappearing like a ghost in the night.
Hiawatha was assaulted with vivid images of seeing both his parents lying in a pool of their own blood and the shadow wolf standing over them. Only this time, his parents were no longer dead, but were alive, fast asleep, ensconced in their tepee, unaware of the imminent danger.
The great serpent had granted him his wish. He understood that this was his chance to save his parents, and exact revenge upon the creature that would otherwise kill them and anything else unfortunate enough to encounter it.
This time, he would either kill the beast or he would die trying. The beast moved through the blackness, melting into it like liquid shadow, only to reappear just long enough for him to catch a fleeting glimpse of it. A short distance from where he stood, he caught sight of it again as the beast emerged from the shadowy depths.
Giving out a roaring cry, Hiawatha held the sharp tip of the spear out, and ran toward it. People came out from their tepees, and upon seeing it, the men took hold of their weapons, but missed their target. The shadow wolf easily leaped through the spray of arrows, its stare locked solely on Hiawatha’s. Almost as if it too had been waiting for this final moment.
In the next instant, the shadow wolf had landed directly in front of Hiawatha, when its attention was drawn to the silver wolf that had leaped down from the heavily forested mountains into their midst.
The two animals circled each other, growling, then came together in a violent clash. A howling roar filled the night as the silver wolf delivered a fatal bite, one that caused the shadow wolf to fall to the ground, its body disintegrating into nothingness as if it had never been there at all.
The silver wolf then met Hiawatha’s stare one last time, before disappearing into the darkness of the forest beyond. This, Hiawatha understood, would be the last time he and this silver beast would ever meet. Cheers rose up from the people, and it was Hiawatha’s mother and father who were the first to run up and enfold him in an embrace.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
Talk spread quickly about Bella and the unnatural child in her care, causing further suspicion to rise amongst the residents of Rogue. One day in particular, after having copious shots of whiskey, the miner in his drunken state began talking about the dreaded wife and child he was forced to come home to night after night, and in so doing, unwittingly was the cause of what happened next.
Under different circumstances, had it been any other man going on about the supposed fantastical and sinister happenings that his wife was involved in, no one would have paid much heed, and would have thought it to be nothing more than the ramblings of a drunk.
However, it was different when it came to Bella, a woman who in the eyes of many was already tainted by sin and who lived as a virtual recluse, remaining hidden out in a cabin in the woods, caring for a child that by any logical viewpoint shouldn’t even exist.
Believing her to be a witch, and the cause of all the misfortune that had befallen the residents who had lost family members to the wolves that roamed the forest, the town’s people readily believed what the miner had said, and that very night, decided to kill both Bella and the child.
The miner returned home that evening, unaware of what the others had plotted. When he staggered in through the door, he felt a measure of surprise mixed with relief to see that Bella had taken the child with her and had already gone out into the forest, as was her nightly habit. Without giving further thought to the matter, the miner settled down in a chair by the still burning fire, and soon was fast asleep, snoring peacefully.
Evelyn then abruptly ended the story, and placed a kiss on Tommy’s forehead. “It’s time you went to sleep.”
“Can’t you stay just a little longer? I really wanted to find out what’s going to happen next to Bella now that the town has formed a mob against her.”
“There’s always tomorrow. But until then, bedtime is bedtime.”
“Oh, all right,” said Tommy somewhat begrudgingly.
Evelyn said good night, then turned off the bedside lamp before going to her own bed.
^^^
The next evening, seated in the living room in front of the fireplace, Evelyn started telling Tommy the story once more, and began, “The miner had just fallen asleep and was oblivious to what was about to take place…”
Meanwhile a mob was quickly formed, and the group of men that comprised it made their way on horseback through the woods, toward the miner’s cabin.
Armed with knives, guns, and a rope, they planned on binding both mother and child together, then throwing them into the lake. The posse of vigilantes rode in silence, the only thing that gave their presence away was the flaming torches each held in their hands.
Soon they’d come upon the cabin, and after surrounding it, in order to ensure the witch and her spawn would have no means of escape, the man in the lead got off his horse, and started toward the cabin where he planned on confronting the miner and demanding that he willingly hand over both Bella and the child, when a shout from one of the others in the group caught his attention.
“I seen her! I seen the witch and child! She took off that a way through the forest,” said one of the men on horseback, pointing in the direction she’d taken.
At hearing this, the man who’d been about to approach the cabin hurriedly got back on his horse and tore off in the same direction that the others were now heading.
The miner, who up until then had been in a sound sleep, came awake to the loud whoops and hollers. Leaving the chair he’d been sleeping in, the miner ran out into the darkness, his gaze frantically searching through the inky blackness for Bella and the child.
He’d heard the shouts and angry accusations  from the men who had since disappeared into the forest, reminding him of the words he’d so foolishly spoken while in a drunken stupor to some of the others who had been beside him at the bar.
No matter how much he wanted to be free of Bella and the cursed child, he couldn’t idly stand by and watch the murderous lynch mob go through with what they had planned. If any harm were to come to either the child or Bella because of what he’d said in a thoughtless moment, the miner knew he’d never be able to forgive himself.
He had to admit it was strange even to him, that after everything that had happened, he cared about saving Bella and the child at all. Perhaps it was just common decency, or the uncanny resemblance she bore to his beloved Suzanna, but for whatever reason it might be, the miner couldn’t remain hidden inside the cabin while his wife and child were hunted down like animals.
Darting behind a tree, Bella remained deathly still, listening to the footsteps of the men pass by. When she was satisfied that they were gone, she cautiously left her place of hiding, and took off toward the lake. The child in her arms, although awake, remained silent almost as if it too could sense the imminent danger that surrounded them.
The miner made his way still deeper into the woods, searching for Bella and the child. Careful not to make any noise as he walked, the miner hoped to find them before the mob did, then maybe he’d be able to find a safe place to hide them until the danger passed.
Bella soon made it to the lake, but not wanting to risk being spotted, continued on through the woods until coming to the opposite end that was nearest to the waterfall and the opening to the cave that lay behind it.
From across the lake, through the trees, Bella was able to make out the flaming lights of the torches held by her would-be attackers. They were closing in on her, and if she didn’t do something soon, it wouldn’t be long before she was spotted.
Running now across the open stretch of meadow, Bella came to the bottom of the waterfall, then balancing on the slippery rocks, disappeared from view behind the continuous sheet of running water. While holding the child close against her breast, she awkwardly climbed the short distance up the slippery rocks and into the deep blackness of the cave.
With the child still clutched tightly to her, Bella blindly wound her way through the cavernous blackness, no longer certain of where she was going, only knowing that she needed to escape from the men who wanted to hurt them. As she walked, Bella began to feel strangely lightheaded. A cold burst of air and what sounded like voices rushed past.
What happened next, she wasn’t so sure, but when she looked down, instead of seeing the blackness of the cave, she found herself submerged up to her waist in a body of water. The child was still clutched to her chest and appeared to be unharmed, just as she herself was, and when she lifted her gaze she was further surprised to see that no longer was she inside the cave, but rather was standing out in the open, waist deep in the magical waters of the lake. Even through the darkness, she could make out the field of wildflowers that surrounded the dark expanse of rippling water.
Shouts from the men who pursued her sounded in the near distance. With no other choice left, Bella raised her face to the starry heavens, her voice a shrill cry as she said, “Hear me now, mistress of the lake, and grant me this one final wish! Cause the shadow wolves to rise up, and destroy those searching us out!”
No sooner had she shouted out these words, when the feeling of someone hidden in the forest nearby, watching, crept over her. She wasn’t alone. There was more than just herself and this blood-thirsty group of men out that night. Although the interloper hadn’t yet revealed himself, she already knew who it was. Giddy delight rose up within her at the thought.
For the men who pursued her, Bella remained a lone, dark steadfast figure, amidst the now churning and rollicking waves of the lake that under the cover of night appeared like an inky blanket of blackness moving to and fro. Recognizing the figure to be Bella, the men steadily rode toward her, all the while shouting to one another, saying, “Kill the witch! We’ll drive both her and the child further into the lake so they drown! Heehaw! Let’s get her, boys before she finds some way of escape!”
The angry mob was closing in on her, when a heavy fog came seemingly out of nowhere, covering everything in a white filmy mist. Low growls filled the air, and yellow glowing eyes appeared from the darkness all around them, causing the group of men to fall silent. Forgetting all about their murderous intent of just moments ago, the frightened mob quickly turned their horses around and rode off through the woods, not breaking speed until they reached the safety of town.
Scarcely daring to breathe, the miner, having witnessed the entire shocking scene, peered out from behind the tree just long enough to catch a glimpse of Bella. Her back was turned to him and all he could see of her were her long wet tresses that flowed out in the dark waters behind her.
Flattening himself against the thick tree trunk, his mind raced. He had to get out of there. If she caught him, there was no telling what she might do. Her laughter, low and husky, came to him through the trees. He stole another glance out at her, and saw that she still stood with her back to him, waist deep in the swirling, stormy waters.
Now!
He had to sneak away now before she realized he was there.
The miner was about to do just that when the sound of her voice startled him. “You can come out now, my husband. I know you’re there.”
Reluctantly leaving the concealment of the trees, the miner stepped out into the open, and found himself surrounded by snarling wolves that eyed him hungrily from all sides.
Bella then looked down at her infant son that had been cradled against her, and let out a blood-curdling scream at seeing that he’d inexplicably died right there in her arms, and was in the process of turning into water that fell through her hands, and became part of the lake.
“Wait,” interrupted Tommy.
“What is it,” said Evelyn.
“Why did the baby die?”
“Remember when the water goddess told Bella that the child would possess the spirit of the wolf?”
“Yes,” said Tommy.
“And remember the strange eyes of the child?”
“They were the same as the shadow wolf that killed Hiawatha’s parents,” said Tommy.
“Yes, they were,” agreed Evelyn.
“So does that mean the baby and the shadow wolf were the same?”
“No, not quite. They didn’t share the same body.”
“Oh wait! I get it now. They shared the same life force,” said Tommy.
“That is exactly right. It looks as though you’re paying closer attention than I thought,” said Evelyn. She resumed telling the story, and began, “Let’s return to Bella and the lake…”
Infuriated over what she believed to be the death of her child, Bella left the water and crossed over to where her husband stood, trapped, completely surrounded by wolves. The great beasts moved aside, as she easily entered into their midst. Stalking up to the miner, she said, “There. He’s gone. Our son, my son is gone! And I know you’re happy about that. It’s all there in your eyes. I can read what you’re thinking just as clearly as if you were a book. And I don’t like what I see.”
“I don’t understand,” said the miner honestly.
“Oh, don’t you? Well then, allow me to make it all very simple for you. But first we’re going on a little walk back to the cabin.” Bella then picked up the rope from the ground that the men had dropped in their panic to get away.“I think this might be quite useful for just such an occasion as this.”
The miner took a step back as she tried to grab for his hands. “Oh, but I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” warned Bella cryptically.
A low growl filled the forest, and the miner’s fearful gaze went from Bella’s to the wild yellow eyes that glowed back at him, from the shadowy creatures that surrounded them. Unable to bear looking at them any longer, the miner’s gaze snapped back to Bella, whose soft laughter mingled with the growls from the beasts, and he could hear the pleased sound in her voice as she said, “I think you’re beginning to finally understand.” These last words she said through clenched teeth, while at the same time roughly binding his hands together with the rope. Then placing a hand on his back, she gave him a small shove, causing the miner to stumble forward. “It’s time we returned home. After all, the forest is full of hungry wolves –”
With his hands tied behind his back, the miner struggled to keep from falling as he followed the path through the forest toward the cabin. He could hear Bella’s footfalls as she kept a close pace behind him, and was uncomfortably aware of the black shadowy beasts that flanked either side, and the feel of their eyes on him as they followed them. In an effort to close out the monsters, the miner kept his thoughts focused on making it to the cabin.
He knew what these creatures were capable of, had seen how easily they’d converged upon and killed the entire group of men. Had it not been for the silver wolf, his life would have been among those lost. A small sliver of hope filled him at the thought of the magnificent silver beast. Perhaps it would miraculously appear now as it had before, and would save him from his insane wife and the malevolent creatures that shadowed him through the forest.
In his haste to get back to the cabin, the miner forgot to watch where he was stepping, and almost lost his footing when he accidentally hit a tree root sticking a small ways up from the ground. He narrowly caught himself and stopped his fall.
Bella came up from behind to whisper in his ear, and said, “It was fortunate for you that you didn’t fall, or else the wolves would have devoured you – Now start walking.”
Before long they’d made it out of the woods and into the clearing. A burst of adrenaline went through him at the sight of the cabin. Just a short distance more and he’d be safely inside. A horrible thought then came to him. What if Bella had lied about allowing him inside – what if she only wanted to make him believe that, and instead planned to feed him to the wolves. His pulse quickened and his heart thrummed faster and faster, the closer they came. Finally, when they’d made it to the cabin door, he felt his breath catch, and he came to an abrupt stop.
With his hands secured behind his back, the miner was unable to open the door himself. He could still hear the low rumbling growls coming from the wolves, and half expected to feel razor sharp teeth sink into him at any moment. With how crazed his wife was, it would be just like her to lead him almost back to the safety of the cabin, just to end his life right there at the doorstep. But instead of meeting the gruesome end he’d envisioned for himself, Bella stepped in front of him, opened the front door, then stood back, allowing him to enter and said, “Under different circumstances I’d have expected you to be a gentleman and open the door for me, but seeing as you’re a little tied up, I’ll forgive the lapse in manners.”
“How very good of you,” said the miner drily, unable to find the humor in her words.
Wondering what horror she had planned for him next, the miner stood in the middle of the room and watched as Bella swept past him and shut the door, effectively closing out the yellow-eyed monsters that snapped and snarled, lunging to get in at him. Guiding him over to a chair, she shoved him down in it and said, “There. Now you can be comfortable for our little chat.”
“I know what you are.”
“And what would that be?”
“A witch,” spat back the miner.
“Oh really? And why would that be? Because it’s something you don’t understand?” Not giving him time to answer she went on, “That’s perfectly fine. Think of me what you want. You’re just as small minded as the rest of the fools who live around here. What I share is a special bond with the animals. I’ve always felt a certain kinship with the beasts of the forest, and far prefer the company of them to that of people.”
“Those creatures out there are not animals, at least not any that come from this world,” said the miner. His eyes followed her as she started a fire in the grate, then sat down to watch him, an unreadable expression on her face, and said, “No, you’re wrong, they come from this world, but from a time far more ancient. A time when giants of all kinds walked the earth. The magic waters of the lake brought them through spheres of time right here to the present. They’re animals no different from any other. Just as our son, your son, was no different from any other child who needed his father!” Bella’s voice rose to a high pitch as the anger inside her mounted.
“You’re completely insane,” said the miner.
Bella shot to her feet, and with her back turned to him, stood at the window and laughingly said, “There they are, waiting for me to feed you to them. But I’m not going to do that, not yet anyway –” She turned around to face him, a sinister smile on her lips. Sitting back down across from him, she said, “I want to first enjoy this brief time we have together. You see, I never really have been fully honest with you, and for that I’m truly sorry. I think it’s time we changed all that, don’t you?”
“Whatever you have to say, say it and be done with it.” Feeling suddenly very tired, the miner found himself in dread as to what revelation was about to be revealed to him.
Bella smiled. “You know, I think I like you a lot better like this.” Lowering her voice in hushed excitement, she said, “So do it then.”
“Do what?”
“Ask me anything you want.”
“Very well then,” began the miner, “what is your connection to those, those things out there?”
“Our son, although given to us to care for, was never truly ours, but was always theirs.” Her voice cracked as she continued, “He shared a special bond, the same life force with the most powerful of the shadow wolves, a beast that possessed the same colored eyes as he did, one red and the other blue. Although each had different bodies, one human and the other animal, one could not live without the other. In a sense they shared a similar bond as twins, only theirs was much deeper.” Bella’s voice abruptly broke off as she stifled a sob. “Which is also how I know that the great beast with the mismatched colored eyes has died, and so do they.” She turned to stare out the window.
A low mournful howl reverberated through the cabin, causing the miner to tense and cast anxious glances at the surrounding walls.
Bella’s voice cut through the soulful cries, and without leaving the window, said, “If the beast lived, our son never would have perished. Listen to them out there.” She paused. “They’re mourning the loss, just as I too am mourning now.” She whirled around to look at him, her face a mask of fury. “And just as you too will mourn for not just your dead daughter, but for your beloved Suzanna – my sister.”
Unable to hide his surprise at her words, the miner said, “Your sister?”
“Yes!” snapped Bella. “Haven’t you ever wondered why I look so much like her? And don’t pretend not to have noticed, because I know you have. In fact, that’s probably the only reason why you came back time after time to see me, even though you knew I was a prostitute.”
The miner listened in stunned silence as she went on to recount how she and Suzanna always met secretly at The Falls, and the accident that took Suzanna’s life. She then went on to describe the events leading up to their fateful meeting when he first walked into the brothel, and even disclosed the details of Clementine’s death that had been eerily similar to that of her mother’s.
Horrified to realize that his second wife had been the cause of all the loss and suffering he’d experienced, the miner wailed loudly, “Haven’t you done enough to destroy my life?! Kill me now, why don’t you, and end this hell you’ve put me through!”
Bella rushed over to his side, and forcing him to meet her gaze, exclaimed, “Destroy your life? What about me and all my misery! I loved my sister! She was the only bit of goodness left in my life that I had! And then Clementine, I never meant for her to die – it just happened.” Bella backed away from him, her eyes wide and crazed. “Even now I can still see the way each of them had looked right before –”
“I can’t bear to hear any more.” The miner closed his eyes, and turned his head to the side.
“No, I don’t suppose you do. What I’ve told you might be unpleasant but it’s the truth – a burden that I’ve spent almost my whole life carrying around. And you don’t like that, do you? You don’t like things that are unpleasant,” sneered Bella. “Well, my entire life has been unpleasant!” She brought her face close to his and screamed, “Open your eyes and look at me!”
The miner opened his eyes and turned to look at her. Hatred and rage burned behind his stare.
“You would like to kill me, wouldn’t you?”
“I would love nothing more.”
“I believe you,” said Bella calmly. Then, leaving the miner’s side, she ran out into the raging storm.
“But, Grandma,” interrupted Tommy.
“What?”
“How did Bella and the child make it into the future?”
“Remember when Bella had run from the angry mob?”
“Yes.”
“And remember how she ran into the cave, in order to save herself and the child?”
“Yes, I remember,” said Tommy.
“Then you also remember that while in the cave she heard voices and felt a strong wind rush past her.”
“Yes, but what does that have to do with anything?” asked Tommy.
“It has everything to do with everything,” smiled Evelyn. “You see, when that happened, without her knowledge it was the exact moment that she and the child were sucked into the future. Without realizing it, she had crossed through a time barrier.”
“I don’t understand.”
“All right, well, let me explain it like this to you then,” tried Evelyn patiently. “Bella had no memory of it, because of the way it happened. When she walked through the time barrier, the aging process stopped, and although in the future the child grew up into an adult, he never aged in appearance beyond thirty. Although in truth, they both were quite old.
During this length of time spent in the future, Bella was very much aware of what had happened, and of the mystical properties hidden within the cave and lake. The town of Rogue, just like so many other towns that were built in the eighteen hundreds, was primarily dependent on the minerals derived from the mines, gold being the main factor that kept the town going.
Rogue eventually became a ghost town after the nearby mines were depleted of gold. Which left only Bella and the son she thought was hers. When Hiawatha broke through the time barrier, both she and Frederick created an elaborate lie to tell him, in hopes that he wouldn’t learn the truth. Breaking through a time barrier is like living in two dual worlds at once – only in one world you’re aware of it, but in the other you’re not.”
“So that means then, when Bella found herself back in the water of the lake she’d already grown old and died in the future, yet had no memory of it?”
“Yes.”
“How is it possible then that time for the people in the eighteen hundreds, including Bella herself, had never changed?”
“Because for them, time in their world hadn’t,” said Evelyn. “If you stepped through a time barrier you could be in completely different places at once, yet you may not always realize it.”
“It’s a little confusing but I think I’m understanding it,” said Tommy. “Can you continue with the story now?”
“In a minute. But first I’m going to bake us some cookies, and if you want you can help shape and decorate them.”
Getting to his feet, Tommy ran into the kitchen after her and said, “Can I lick the bowl afterward?”
“Yes, but only after we’re finished,” said Evelyn.
The two of them got busy stirring and adding ingredients to the large mixing bowl, and soon, once everything was done and the snickerdoodles were put in the oven, the cabin was filled with the scent of baking cookies.
While waiting for the cookies to get done, Evelyn fixed them each a cup of tea, then she and Tommy went back out into the living room, where she continued with the story, saying, “Bella had just left the cabin to run out into the raging storm, but since she had no memory of her and Frederick’s other life, she had no way of knowing the climactic events that were soon to follow…”
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
The wolves that had been standing outside the cabin vanished into mist, but Bella wasn’t paying any heed as she ran blindly through the forest, not caring or paying attention to where she was going. Everything she ever loved or cared for was gone, she had nothing left to live for, and so she ran further and further into the deep woods, until crumpling to the ground, exhausted and no longer able to run. She hadn’t realized someone was following her until it was too late.
Shadows slid along the trees, and danced in the dark forest all around her. Bella gasped, and instinctively clutched at her throat as she came to understand the shadow she’d been seeing was that of a person, a woman. She was twirling round and round, the full skirts of her dress swishing from side to side. The all too familiar song echoed back to her, by a voice that sounded eerily like the miner’s daughter as she sang her own ballad.
“Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin,
Oh my darlin, Clementine.
You are gone and lost forever,
Dreadful sorry, Clementine…”
Bella’s thoughts raced wildly for a plausible answer to the madness that encircled her.
The music box. Yes! That had to be it.
But how would it get out here? The miner couldn’t have gotten himself untied, and found her this quickly, could he?
No, such a thing wasn’t possible. Nor was what she was hearing possible either. The music box played music, yes, but it didn’t have a voice to sing with, did it? And the shadows she was seeing weren’t those of a figurine, but Clementine herself.
Bella remained rooted in place, too fearful to move or speak. The haunting shadows continued to twirl, while the voice floated on through the darkness. The singing then came to an abrupt close, silence followed, and then out of the blackness, walking out between two trees appeared Clementine.
She wore the same yellow dress and matching ribbon in her hair, and looked just as she had on the day of her death. She was awash in white light, as moonlight spilled down through the trees and onto the forest floor below. Her blue eyes glowed against the creamy white of her skin.
Bella took an unsteady step back as she and the young woman stared at one another.
Clementine was the first to speak. Her voice cut through the uneasy quiet, as she said, “Surprised to see me, Stepmother? Or perhaps it would be more fitting if I just called you what you are, what you’ve always been to me, before you tricked my father into marrying you – Aunt Bella.”
“How – how are you even here? You – you died. I saw it happen.” Growing more and more fearful, Bella continued to stumble back through the forest, hitting up against trees and their branches as she tried to keep some distance between herself and the girl who kept moving inexorably toward her.
“I’m here because of true love. Because I was wished back to life.”
“You called me aunt – how could you know that,” said Bella, no longer able to keep the tremor from her voice.
“Papa. I found him tied up in the cabin where you left him – he told me everything.”
“So then,” began Bella, “that means –”
“That he’s out searching these woods for you along with the others. It looks as though I’m the first to have found you.”
“The others?” parroted Bella.
“Yes, the whole town,” said Clementine.
Remembering back to how the people of Rogue had tried to kill both her and her child, Bella was struck with fear and took off running, first in one direction and then the other, until finally coming upon the meadow and the welcoming sight of the lake beyond. She ran toward it, believing that the power held within those waters would help to protect her from the angry mob, as it had before. She fell on the grassy bank at the edge of the lake.
No sooner did she do this than the water came alive, and before she could get to her feet, a hand shot out and grabbed hold of her, its fingers as cold as ice as they wrapped around her throat and began choking her.
Bella struggled to free herself from the death hold the watery hand had on her, and fought against being pulled into the tumultuous water where she’d surely drown. Just as everything had begun to dim, the hand released its death grip on her. Turning into water, it slid away from her throat and into the roiling lake.
Bella stumbled back in shock. Coughing and gasping, she drew gulps of air back into her lungs. What happened next was stranger yet, as the night became day. Darkness was blotted out, and rays of sunlight streamed down, replacing the moon in the sky. Unable to understand these miraculous happenings, she watched as the lake heaved out the mysterious woman who, once on land, transformed from the featureless appearance of water, to that of an ordinary woman. Bella was further startled to see that what she’d mistaken for a goddess was in fact, Lucinda.
All the earlier, forgotten memories of another life and time came flooding back to her, but there was no time for Bella to contemplate her newfound knowledge.
The water began to churn as something very large pushed its way up from beneath the lake. The head of a giant serpent rose from the frothing, foaming water, its eyes a smoldering, fiery green; it was covered in equally brilliant green scales that shimmered and glowed, giving off blinding flashes of light. Its sinuous form rose up to unimaginable heights. Water poured off the great serpent and crashed into the lake below, creating more waves. The sea monster then hissed out Lucinda’s doom, “No longer shall I allow your wickedness to poison these waters, nor shall I allow you to return!” With that, the great serpent disappeared into the tossing waves.
Stunned and speechless, Bella stood back with Clementine and the miner who burst out from the trees in time to see the miraculous events as they unfolded, and watched as Lucinda got to her feet, turned to pierce all of them with a stare full of hatred, and through clenched teeth said, “I’ll make sure that all of you pay dearly for this. I’ll find a way to return when you least expect it, and when I do I’ll wreak havoc on Rogue like the lot of you have never seen!”
Shocked gasps and murmurs went through the crowd of people who were now gathered there, followed by angry shouts. Some brandished weapons, while others who had none came after her with their fists. Seeing this, Lucinda tried to escape the angry mob by running, but she was no longer accustomed to the use of her feet on land, and was only able to make it a short distance before stumbling to the ground. The crowd continued forward, but were stopped by a loud clap of thunder overhead.
Dark clouds, almost black in appearance, gathered in the sky. A bolt of lightning shot down to scorch the earth. A lapse of uneasy silence followed, and then was filled with the sound of stampeding hooves as a herd of a hundred or more red-eyed horses thundered down from the sky. Their coats were black and shiny and fire shot out from their nostrils. Yet even more terrifying was the rider himself who rode in the front, and led the herd of fire-breathing beasts out of the sky.
The phantom cowboy was cloaked in deep shadow, with the exception of his eyes, that burned like green embers from his otherwise featureless visage. Struggling to her feet, Lucinda tried to run once more, but the ghost rider was too quick. A crackling rope of lightning appeared in his hand. Spinning it high above his head, he created an electrical whirlwind, and then with blinding speed caused it to shoot out and wrap around Lucinda. Rendered immobile by the flickering rope of lightning, she was forced to meet her final and worst fate of all.
In a voice like rolling thunder, the ghost rider said, “From this day forward I cast you into the same prison you cast me, to the range up in the heavens, chased by a legion of ravenous phantom wolves across the endless skies, from here to eternity and back.”
No sooner was this decree made when low snarling growls descended from above. A pack of vicious, yellow-eyed phantom wolves appeared on a storm cloud.
A gasp of fear rose up from the people who stood back, watching, but the wolves didn’t pay them any heed. Their only focus was on Lucinda, who remained trapped in the bolt of lightning that coiled itself tightly around her. Screaming, she struggled to get free, but it was no use. The harder she struggled the tighter the rope became.
She watched helplessly as the monsters of her own making moved menacingly toward her, their fur blacker than night, like the deepest ebony, glistening with electrical flashes of blue. Licking their chops with tongues of shooting flames, they eyed her hungrily. Their yellow stare glowed against the deep black of their fur with unfathomable brilliance, like that of yellow fire. These monstrous wolves were the epitome of fear, and struck terror in all who looked upon them. Their heavy paws, hot with fire, singed the earth as more kept coming, leaping down easily from the storm cloud and onto the meadow. Their snarling growls turned into a howling roar that reverberated throughout the meadow and forest.
Lucinda paled as the phantom wolves came to a stop a short distance away, as if some invisible barrier prevented them from getting any closer. Digging their red hot claws into the earth, the beasts grew restless, their hunger for her growing as they snapped their jaws, straining toward her.
In an effort to regain control of them, Lucinda shouted out a command, “Turn from me and devour the others!”
Instead of listening to her as they had done in the past, they continued to look at her as prey. With a loud snap, the rope of lightning uncoiled from around Lucinda’s body and shot out, taking her with it, then released her up into the thunderclouds. Her screams blended with the high whistling of the storm as she became a distant shadowy figure. The invisible barrier was then lifted, and the snarling wolves shot up into the sky after her.
A ripple went through the sky, and the storm with the wolves and Lucinda vanished; in their place was a brilliant, clear blue sky. The ghost rider and horses were released from their unnatural existence. The shadow fell away and no longer did the horses breathe fire, but turned back into regular animals, and were free once more.
Bella cried out in delight as the ghost rider too, transformed back into the handsome young man she’d met and fallen in love with so long ago. She flew into his waiting arms.
The outlaw and two brothers suddenly appeared, and found themselves embroiled in a heated debate over which one of them should get the stolen money, until the sheriff with a big iron on his hip came along and said, “All right, boys, the party’s over.” He carted them away in handcuffs.
The newlyweds who died on the night of their honeymoon were reunited and stood beaming at one another, hand in hand. Michael and his mother were reunited with his older brother, the three of them laughing and crying as they embraced.
Bella stared up into the clear green eyes of her long lost love, and realized that true joy didn’t come from how long one lived, but instead came from how one chose to live. She looked down at her hand and watched as he slid a single diamond ring onto her finger, saying, “This ring will be a symbol of our lasting love.”
She smiled up at him, and the two met in a kiss.
In a different area of the meadow stood Clementine with her father. Turning to him she said, “Go to the lake, Papa, and once there wish for Mama’s return.”
With his daughter’s words in his mind, he rushed over to The Falls and knelt by the water’s edge, peered into the rippling waves at his own earnest reflection, then speaking aloud, he said, “I wish that my Suzanna were back living with me in the cabin once more, and that never did I wed another, but that my first bride shall remain my only bride forevermore.”
No sooner were these words uttered than a voice hissed from the water, “Return home and there you will find her…”
Scrambling to his feet, the miner ran home to the cabin, but stopped short when there, waiting for him out on the porch as she’d always done before, was his Suzanna. His breath caught at the sight of her. Her dress and long hair blew out around her in the gentle afternoon breeze. The miner’s eyes filled with unshed tears as he ran the rest of the way toward her.“You look just as you did the last time I saw you.”
“And you, my dear husband, are as handsome as I’ve always remembered,” said Suzanna, her warm eyes a vivid amber. 
“I’ve missed you for so long.”
The miner held out his arms, and in the next instant Suzanna was wrapped in his embrace, holding onto one another as if they’d never let go.
Meanwhile, back in the other part of the meadow, Bella gazed down at the ring that had just been placed on her finger and said, “When shall we be married?”
He pulled her close and said, “Now. I want to get married now. There’s something I think you ought to know first. Remember when we met, and I had no memory of myself or who I was before having known you?”
Bella nodded.
“Well, I now know the truth about myself –” He stopped short, reluctant to continue.
“That’s wonderful,” said Bella.
“There’s nothing wonderful about it. I couldn’t remember anything about myself, because there was nothing to remember. Don’t you see? I didn’t exist until you came along and wished me into existence.”
Bella stared at him in amazement and said, “Then that means that you’re a dream come true, by a wish I made.”
“That’s what it means,” he said, turning away, unwilling to look at her.
“Oh, but that’s not so bad,” she said, gently turning his face so he was looking at her once more.
He pulled her close, encircling her waist in his arms. “Do you really think you could still love me, knowing that I’m not the same as you? That I’m only here because of a wish?”
“You’re not here because of a wish. You’re here because of love – our love. What does the rest matter?”
“You’re right. It doesn’t. In fact, I couldn’t be any happier than I am right now.”
“Neither could I,” said Bella, meaning it.
They shared one last kiss, before Bella went in search of and apologized to everyone she ever hurt by her actions in the past. She was forgiven by all, including the miner himself, Clementine, Hiawatha, and the tribe. She then shared a tearful reunion with her sister, Suzanna.
In seven days’ time a wedding was held. The townspeople and tribe gathered together to watch as Clementine and Hiawatha exchanged vows. The ceremony was held in the open field of wildflowers next to The Falls, the same place where Bella and her betrothed were married seven days earlier.
Notes of a fiddle floated through the air. Hiawatha’s parents sat beside Clementine’s and looked on joyfully as their children married. Clementine was radiant in her mother’s bridal gown, and Hiawatha was handsome. After having finished saying their vows, they shared a kiss and everyone cheered. Next, they turned to face the photographer, who captured their smiles in a black and white image.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
“Grandma, I have a question. Earlier in the story it was said that Rogue became a ghost town. If that were so then why isn’t it still abandoned now?”
“Wow, you really do pay close attention. Your dad has told me you’re doing well in school, and it’s no wonder with the way you pick up on details, and remember them! When the past changed, so did the future of Rogue also change. When the gold from the nearby mines finally did run out, instead of letting the town fall into abandonment in later years, Clementine used the wealth passed down to her by her father to help create jobs and revenue that in turn, allowed the families who otherwise would have left, to stay.”
“I sure wish I could’ve seen Rogue and what it looked like back then,” said Tommy wistfully.
“What an excellent idea! Tomorrow that is exactly what we will do. We’ll go into town and visit the Chamber of Commerce, and while we’re there, we’ll take a peek in the museum that’s set up right next door. We’ll be able to see lots of old photos, many that date clear back to the eighteen hundreds. Including some that were donated years ago by our ancestors. In fact, there’s a black and white photograph of the men who worked these very mines hanging on the wall of the museum, and among them is your great-great-great-grandfather.”
“I can’t wait to see it!” exclaimed Tommy. “Can we go there now?”
Glancing at the time, Evelyn said, “I’m afraid they’ve already closed for the day.”
“Darn,” said Tommy.
Smiling, Evelyn said, “But today we’re going to be busy enough as it is.” She pulled out a box from underneath the sofa. “I thought you might want to help me put this together.”
Curious, Tommy walked over, and said, “What is it?”
“Well, when we’re finished, it should look like this,” said Evelyn, holding up the picture on the box for him to see.
Tommy’s eyes grew wide with excitement as he said, “An old west town! Where’d you get this, Grandma?”
Opening up the box, Evelyn said, “From the general store. I saw it a few days before your dad brought you over, and thought it would be something fun for us to work on together.” She held up a tiny wooden figurine. “Look. We even have real cowboys.”
“And outlaws,” said Tommy, finding some more figurines. “This is the best project ever!”
The two of them spent the rest of day working on putting the town together. Later on that night after supper Evelyn sat down with Tommy out in the living room, and began telling the story again, saying, “Rogue was once more a place of happiness as all were reunited with their families. Meanwhile, further away from the celebration, a little girl of around four wandered away from the crowd of townsfolk whose laughter faded off into the distance the further she went…”
A field of wildflowers growing from the lush green meadow rolled out in front of her. An expanse of blue daisies went on for as far as she could see. The sun sat high above in the cloudless sky, casting a warm glow on the idyllic scene below.
A butterfly landed at the little girl’s feet but when she tried to grab it, the colorful insect took flight and flitted away. The beauty of the day, warmth from the sun and even the butterfly that always remained just out of reach, all beckoned her onward. Further she ran, through the field of daisies, laughing as the tall flowers hit against her face, the air redolent of their scent.
From somewhere behind, arms reached out to unexpectedly scoop her up off the ground. She was frightened at first, until the person who had her, spun her around and she immediately saw the smiling face of her mother who laughed and said, “I found you, Busy Bee!” Then she knew everything was all right and she giggled at her mother’s words. She squealed in delight as her mother tickled her then set her back on her feet, and kneeling down to eye level said, “Close your eyes, Busy Bee, count to ten and when you open them come and find me.” She reached out a hand and smoothed down her hair. “Are you ready?”
Giving a vigorous nod of her head, the little girl smiled, then covered her eyes with her hands, just like her mother taught her to do many times before. This game of hide and seek was something they always played. She peered out in time to see her mother’s long hair and skirts whip out behind her as she ran toward the large tree up ahead. Then she closed her eyes and quickly finished counting.
As the little girl neared, her eyes never left the lone tree that stood regal and tall. She’d almost made it up to the tree when her mother spun out from behind the thick trunk and gathered her up into her arms, then whirled her small daughter around. Both mother and daughter were laughing, their long hair whipping around them in the wind.
Setting the little girl back down, the mother smiled down at her daughter and said, “Someday you’ll make a great tracker, but I think we’ve had enough adventure for one day. It’s time we got back to the celebration.”
“The bride is so pretty, Mama. Will I ever get to wear a dress like the one she has?”
“Someday, Busy Bee, but there’s no need to worry about such things yet. Let’s hurry back and find your Papa and brother, and have some cake. I’m sure they’ve cut it by now.”
Sunlight streamed down on mother and daughter as they walked hand in hand back to the wedding celebration.
“And that is the end. We’ve finished both the western town and the story at the same time.” Taking down the faded black and white portrait from the wall, Evelyn brought it over for Tommy to look at and said, “Now you’ve heard the story of our ancestors, and the sacrifices they and others made to restore peace to Rogue, and how they helped in making it the town that it is today.”
“But if Clementine and Hiawatha are our ancestors then that means that the Beast of Rogue is –”
“Real.” Evelyn situated herself on the sofa next to Tommy, and wrapped an arm around his small frame.
Looking up at his grandmother, Tommy said, “Mother would call the Beast of Rogue a fairytale, and say that fairytales aren’t real.”
“Is that what you believe?”
Tommy shrugged and said, “I suppose so.”
“Then maybe the two of you just haven’t tried looking. Magic is all around us, but if you’re not looking for it, you’ll never see it. In fact, here in this very cabin is where it all took place. Here, let me show you.” Evelyn took down a lantern from the fireplace mantle, and after lighting it, carried it outside onto the porch. Tommy followed her, and looked up to where she held the light so it hit against the door, illuminating the number nine that was carved into the wood above it. “This is where Clementine lived with her father.”
“That can’t be all there is to the story? There must be more?”
“I’m afraid it is. If you want there to be more then you’ll have to go out and explore these woods for yourself, and perhaps you’ll discover your own magic. And maybe, just maybe if you’re really lucky, you’ll see the Beast of Rogue for yourself.”
A flash of lightning streaked through the night sky, catching Tommy’s attention. Pointing toward it, he exclaimed, “Look, Grandma! Is that Lucinda and the wolves?”
Evelyn leaned down close to him, and said, “Why, I do believe it is.”
Beaming proudly, Tommy stared up at the spectacular colors that flashed overhead.
“We’d best be getting inside where it’s warm now. We’re liable to catch ourselves a cold if we stay out here for too much longer.”
Once they were back in the cabin, Evelyn sat in the rocking chair by the window and pulled Tommy onto her lap. Both grandmother and grandson stared out through the window at the beginning storm. They stayed there at the window watching the raging storm for a little while longer until Evelyn announced that it was time for bed.
Tommy climbed up into the loft and crawled into bed. Evelyn pulled the blankets up around him, then winked and said, “Get some good sleep, and I just might have another story to tell you tomorrow night.”
After having been tucked in, Tommy turned over onto his side and stared out at the sky and the bursts of colors that webbed out across it, through the window next to the bed. A streak of lightning brighter than all the rest caught his attention, and in that split second, Tommy was almost sure that he’d seen faraway shadows of wolves chasing it through the night sky.
His grandma had been right after all, he really had seen it. It was with this thought that Tommy eventually dozed off to sleep, a contented smile playing on his lips.
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
Curt drummed his fingers restlessly on the back passenger door, and stared out the window of the speeding cab. He’d caught a redeye that night back to Seattle, Washington. He’d flown out to Arizona for a case he was involved with, but had been prepared to turn it down after finding out he’d have to leave the state.
The baby was due in a little less than a month, and if it were to come early he wanted to make sure he was there for the birth. But Joanie wouldn’t hear of it, and all but pushed him out the door. He still wasn’t used to this new, unselfish side of her. For what was probably the first time in their marriage, she was understanding, even supportive about his career, and the sometimes unavoidable business trips that took him out of state.
He’d been keeping in touch with Joanie by phone ever since the plane landed, and made sure to call her each day when court was out. The case there had wrapped up sooner than expected. The ruling had been in the favor of his client, and when Curt had called Joanie to share the good news and tell her he would be coming home early, his good mood changed to worry when she didn’t answer the phone, and each time after that, all his calls went to voicemail.
His thoughts went immediately back to the miscarriage that happened with the last pregnancy, and the terrible possibility that Joanie had lost this child like she did the other entered his mind.
Unable to quell these nagging worries, Curt had made the decision not to wait for the next day, but to come home that night. He spent the next hour calling different airports in the area, and had finally gotten a flight back to Seattle that was scheduled to leave that night.
During the cab ride there, he tried telling himself that everything would be all right, that he was panicking prematurely, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong.
Once there, he paid the driver and hurried into the airport. He checked in and boarded the plane, then moments later was seated next to a window that gave him a full view of the night sky. The engine roared as the plane started down the runway then took flight into the starry heavens.
Gazing out the window at the bright stars that dotted the darkness, Curt thought about Tommy, and remembered that he’d been so preoccupied with the case, thoughts of Joanie and the pregnancy, that he’d forgotten to call him in the last few days. Both he and Joanie had decided that with how busy things had become it would be best if Tommy stayed with Evelyn, at least until the baby was born. Curt was grateful to his mother for her willingness to help out by letting Tommy stay with her in Montana. This way it gave him and Joanie some time to be just with each other, and make any final preparations that might be needed before the baby was born.
Making a mental note to call Tommy in the morning, Curt leaned back in his seat and tried to get some sleep, but every time he closed his eyes all he could think about was Joanie and the terrible possibility that she may have lost the baby. When the plane landed, he paid a taxi and rode straight home, and noticed before even going inside that the lights were on, but when he walked through the door and called out Joanie’s name he got no reply. He ran upstairs and found the bedroom also empty.
Wondering where she could have gone, Curt took the stairs back down to the main floor, when he recognized a voice that sounded like Joanie’s coming from the room that was to the right of the front door.
Feeling foolish for his panic, he realized that in his haste he’d forgotten to check the family room. Although he couldn’t yet make out her words, he followed the hushed sound of her voice into the den. The room was as empty as the rest of the house. The TV was left on, a recording of Joanie filling up the screen.
It was a recording she’d made of herself, but why? After making the video, she must have sat down to watch it, but then was interrupted by something, and paused it before leaving. It must have been left that way for a while now, since the pause button only worked for so long before automatically going back to play.
What was going on here?
He realized by looking at the time registered at the bottom corner of the screen, that while he’d been frantically trying to reach her by phone, she’d been right here at home making this recording of herself – then what? Went into labor and left for the hospital, and in her haste forgot to turn it off? Or had she left it playing hoping he would find it? No, that couldn’t be right. Not when she wasn’t expecting him back for another two days.
He grappled with whether or not he should watch it now, or  just forget about it and wait till later. Maybe he should call Patrick and see if either he or his wife had heard from Joanie, and then if not he’d check in with the hospital and see if there was a record of her having been admitted.  After mulling it over a little longer, he decided to at least watch the first few minutes of it, then make the necessary calls if she still hadn’t returned.
Sitting down in the darkness, with his eyes riveted on the screen, he grabbed the remote, hit rewind and then play.
Joanie’s face stared back at him from the screen, and he turned up the volume until the sound of her voice filled the quiet, “Curt, there’s something I need to tell you –” She broke off the rest of her words, as if choking on a sob.
Feeling on edge, he leaned forward in the chair and felt an instant tightening in the pit of his stomach.
What was it that she wanted to tell him that she couldn’t say in person?
He watched Joanie on the screen staring back at him as she faltered with her words, and wiped an invisible tear from her face. She then continued and said, “I’m so sorry, Curt – I know how much this baby, our baby meant to you, to us…” There was another pause as she made an effort to wipe at more invisible tears, then rushed on and blurting out the rest of her words, said, “There’s no easy way to tell you this, but while you were away – the baby – well, something must have happened in the last month or during the delivery,” she sucked in a deep breath and then finished, “I went into labor early. Our baby’s dead, Curt – it was stillborn.”
There was the sound of the phone ringing in the background, and then a beep indicating a message had been left. She abruptly got up from where she’d been sitting, leaving the camera still filming. The screen now showed an empty chair.
A shadow passed along the wall in the background, but Curt wasn’t paying attention to it or anything else on the screen, and scarcely noticed when it turned itself off, and the screen went black. There was a painful tightening in his chest as he frantically reached for the remote, fumbled with the buttons and pressed replay.
He was numb with shock, and in his mind kept hearing Joanie’s voice and words that echoed back to him.
Our baby’s dead, Curt – it was stillborn.
The remote dropped from his grasp as a low moan escaped his throat, and he covered his face with his hands and said, “No, no, no, nooo!” He then looked up in time to see Joanie’s face filling up the screen, as she spoke the same words he’d heard earlier. Then came the ring of the phone, followed by the beep of a message. Dragging his fingers down his face, Curt watched as Joanie got up and left.
This time the shadow that passed over the wall caught his attention, but before he had time to get a good look at it, the shadow had disappeared. Quickly rewinding it back to where Joanie left and the shadow appeared, he realized then what it was that had caught his attention. The shadow was of Joanie, and was a perfect side profile that showed her rounded midsection.
Unsure of whether he was really seeing things correctly, he hunched forward to stare harder at it, but the shadow had already vanished. Curt rewound it back to the part where the shadow appeared, and froze it there, but still was unable to come to any reasonable conclusion.
If he were to believe what he was seeing, then Joanie was lying about losing the baby, and was still very pregnant. But what would be her purpose for constructing such an elaborate lie?
Curt got up from where he sat in front of the TV and walked out into the kitchen where the answering machine was flashing red. The first few messages were left by him earlier. After deleting those, he finally got to the most recent message, and listened as a woman’s voice came through the speakers and said, “Joanie, the doctor said that you can come to the hospital. We can induce labor now.”
Determined to get some answers, Curt grabbed his keys and left for the hospital. After making his way through the nightmare of traffic that clogged the arterials, he pulled into the hospital parking, then entered through the main doors.
He went straight to the front desk where he got the room number, and directions to the wing Joanie was staying in, then rode the elevator up. He was unaware of the other people who stood off to the sides. His thoughts were preoccupied with Joanie and the questions swimming in his head. If she had already lost the baby then why was she in the maternity ward?
More and more it was looking like she’d rehearsed a lie to later tell him upon his return, never realizing he’d come back early. Anger began to build inside of him as he started feeling as though he was being set up. Or at least that’s what she meant to do, because clearly things weren’t making sense.
As soon as the elevator dinged and the doors opened, Curt was one of the first to step off. He walked past an almost empty nurses station, where two people were seated, quietly typing information into a computer, then down the hall. He silently read off the numbers to the rooms that he passed along the way, and soon came to the room number he’d been given.
Curt reached out and was about to turn the door handle, when he paused. What if the feeling he had deep down inside was right, and what if this would turn out to be another one of Joanie’s elaborate deceptions?
He thought again of the recording Joanie had made of herself, and then of the message left by the nurse. There were so many questions and only one way to find out. Not yet sure what he would find on the other side of the door, or what he might literally be walking into, Curt quietly opened the door and entered the room. His gaze went immediately to Joanie, who lay in the hospital bed. Sweat covered her brow, and she’d just fallen back against the pillows when the room filled with the high thin wails of a baby.
For a brief moment, his earlier mistrust was forgotten as he felt a burst of relief wash over him to know that what Joanie had recorded, and left to play on the television wasn’t true. Their baby was alive, not dead as she would have had him believe. The place was a bustle with activity as the umbilical cord was cut, and the nurses swept the squalling infant away to the other side of the room.
Through the melee of activity, Curt made out tiny legs and feet kicking out in protest while being cleaned and weighed, and finally wrapped in a blue blanket, with a matching pointed knit cap fit snugly on the infant’s head.
So it was a boy. Tommy would be so excited to learn that he had a little brother.
Overcome with joy at the prospect of soon being able to see and hold his son, Curt momentarily forgot about the recording that had been left playing. No one, not even Joanie had noticed him yet, and for a moment he felt like an interloper, almost as if he didn’t belong there.
What exactly had Joanie planned on doing with their baby once it was born – put it up for adoption, give it away? Well, whatever she had planned, he wouldn’t allow it to happen.
While the nurses were busy taking the baby’s measurements, Joanie displayed no outward emotions or care of any kind. In fact she wasn’t even looking in the direction of the baby, but instead stared up at the ceiling, a tired, bored expression on her face, as if it were an ordeal she wanted to get over with.
Never would she have thought him to be there at the hospital. No, Joanie expected him to still be in Arizona, and when he returned, was more than willing to have him believe that their child had died. Joanie hadn’t changed. Nor did she love anyone but herself, not even Tommy. These last few months had all been an act, he’d glimpsed the real Joanie that day when she’d so coldly admitted to having an affair, and later to the abortion.
Curt’s thoughts were interrupted by the feel of someone’s eyes on him. He looked up to see a thin, elderly woman with hawk-like eyes studying him from across the room. She was standing a short distance away from Joanie, her frail frame resting against the wall. Deciding then that he would no longer hover back like some stranger who didn’t belong, Curt came forward into the room’s center, where the nurses stood with the baby.
All talking stopped and everyone turned to stare at him, surprised alarm on their faces, but none more surprised than Joanie herself, who sat up in bed and said, “Curt – what are you doing here?”
Ignoring the question, he was about to walk over to his newborn son when a nurse approached him and said, “I’m going to have to ask you to leave, sir.”
“But I’m the –”
Not allowing him to finish, the nurse repeated herself more firmly this time, then steered him toward the door. Shaking off her touch, he watched as another nurse handed the baby over to the older woman with the hawk-like eyes, and said, “Here’s your grandson.” Just then a man, whom Curt hadn’t gotten a good look at, rushed in past him, and was intercepted by one of the nurses who said, “Oh look – here comes the father now.”
“What the hell?” Curt took a step forward, and watched open-mouthed from his place in the doorway, and was delivered yet another shocking blow to see that the man who’d been identified as the father was his friend, Patrick.
The older woman who presumably was his mother, handed the baby over to Patrick and said, “He looks just like you.”
Only five to eight minutes had passed from the moment Curt had opened the door, but felt more like an eternity.
Still reeling from the shocking scene, Curt was scarcely aware of the two security guards that came to escort him out of the hospital. Once outside, he got in his car and peeled out of the parking lot and onto the road. He drove around aimlessly for hours before returning to the house.
In the days that followed, Joanie didn’t bother to return home or make contact with him of any kind, since the jarring revelation made at the hospital. For the next week he immersed himself in work, spending long nights at the office, anything to get his mind off his wife’s and friend’s betrayal.
The baby was never his, yet both Patrick and Joanie had done everything possible to keep the truth from him. It made him sick to think about all the times he’d confided in Patrick, telling him about Joanie’s affair with a mystery lover, who wasn’t much of a mystery after all. Curt wondered how Patrick’s wife was handling it. Not well, he imagined. More than once he thought about calling her, but could never bring himself to. His own pain was enough to deal with, and he wasn’t yet ready to deal with what she might be feeling.
It was the day before the weekend, Curt had finished up early at the office and drove straight home. When he pulled into the drive he noticed a car that he didn’t recognize sitting out front. He was alarmed to discover the door to the house was unlocked.
No sooner did he step inside than he saw Joanie walking down the stairs with two suitcases in tow. A flicker of surprise crossed her face at seeing him.
“Thought I’d still be at the office, didn’t you?” He shrugged out of his coat and tiredly walked into the living room, where he sank down in a chair. “Well, don’t worry. You needn’t look so alarmed. I don’t plan on stopping you. In fact I want you to go. The sooner the better, and spare us both from wasting any further time on this ridiculous charade of a marriage we’ve been living in.”
Joanie remained rooted in place at the foot of the stairs. “Actually I thought after what happened that you might have decided to take some time off, and gone to join Tommy at your mother’s place in Montana for a visit.”
Curt laughed. A bitter hollow sound. “You mean you hoped I would be gone so it would be that much easier for you.”
“Don’t be so infantile.”
Curt shot to his feet and said, “You tricked me into believing the child you were carrying was mine.” His words came out in tightly controlled anger. “Whose idea was it? Yours or Patrick’s?”
She tried to move past him, but he reached out and caught hold of her. She met his gaze, and somewhat breathlessly said, “You probably wouldn’t believe me, if I said that I didn’t mean for things to happen this way.”
There was a beat of silence as he studied her in the deepening afternoon shadows. “You’re right. I wouldn’t.” He abruptly released his hold on her. “If you wanted to leave why didn’t you just leave, instead of leading me to believe that I was the father? Is there no end to what you will do? Do you really hate me so much? And what about Tommy? You never do think about him. The only person you ever thought of was yourself. Nothing ever changes with you.”
Rushing forward, Joanie grabbed hold of his arm, and said, “That’s just it. Can’t you see?” She searched his eyes with hers. “That’s how much I cared. I did it all for us, especially for you and Tommy. Patrick meant nothing. He was merely a means to an end. A happy end – or at least what was supposed to have been happy. If you hadn’t come home early when you did, then we wouldn’t even be having this discussion right now.”
“You’re out of your damn mind!” Then through his teeth, Curt said, “Get away from me.”
Reluctantly letting go of him, Joanie walked back over to her suitcase. “Have it your way. But before I leave here you’re going to hear the truth whether you like it or not. I never wanted another baby. Remember when you believed I miscarried, and we agreed to have Tommy stay the summer at your mother’s?”
“Yes. And later I found out that you hadn’t lost the baby at all, but instead had undergone an abortion, then went on to play the grieving mother.”
“Yes!” exclaimed Joanie shrilly. “I did it because it was all I knew to do at the time. It’s no secret that I hoped the baby was Patrick’s, in fact I thought it was his.”
“You’ve already said all this earlier. Why tell me again?”
“Because even then I wasn’t truthful. I did hope it was  Patrick’s. Only not for the reason I’d had you believe.” Joanie drew in a steadying breath then continued, “Patrick’s mother wasn’t satisfied that the baby was her son’s. She insisted I undergo amniocentesis, a procedure that can be done to find out the paternity. So I did, and the results came back that you were the father. Upon hearing this, his mother was livid, said she wouldn’t pay out for a child that wasn’t a blood heir. She insisted that I get rid of it.”
“Wait a minute – how did Patrick’s mother get involved in all this?”
“It was her idea. She told me that her daughter-in-law wasn’t able to have children, and that if I would be willing to sleep with Patrick just long enough to get pregnant, that she would make it worth my while. All I’d have to do is sign the baby and my parental rights over to her and her son, and in exchange she’d deposit eight hundred thousand into our checking account.”
“So that little video you made of yourself was –”
“Was something you weren’t ever meant to see. I never would have been so careless as to leave it there for you to find, had I known you were coming back early. I was just so nervous about what I would say to you. I recorded myself, rehearsing for when I told you the baby was stillborn. I had to be believable. I couldn’t risk you finding out what really happened. Your last minute business trip couldn’t have come at a better time. I had it all planned out so perfectly and was sure that nothing could go wrong. Then after getting the call from the hospital saying they could induce labor early, well I couldn’t see a better opportunity than that. After all, you were supposed to have been gone for another couple days – and if you had just stayed away, and not come back until you said you would, none of this would even be happening right now.”
It was amazing to him how Joanie had a way of rationalizing, and making something so deplorable sound like nothing more than a simple business transaction.
“Don’t you see? I did it all for us,” said Joanie, looking hopeful now.
“You don’t really expect me to believe that, do you?”
“You don’t have to, but it’s the truth. I was planning on surprising you with it, saying it was an early inheritance from my mother.”
“Surprising me with it! Are you hearing yourself right now?”
“I thought you would like having the extra money –”
“No, Joanie you’re the one who cares about that – not me. In fact money is all you’ve ever cared about. I can’t believe I ever at one time actually loved you. Take your things and get out.”
“You mean we can’t even talk about it? I knew you would be upset, but I thought that once you heard what I had to say, that you would at least understand,” said Joanie.
“I know, because I always have before, but not this time. This time, there’s nothing to understand or discuss. In fact here, I’ll help you.” Curt crossed over to where she stood, grabbed up both suitcases and threw them out the door.
With her mouth gaping open, Joanie rushed out the door to where her clothes had come out of the suitcases that had fallen open, and now lay strewn all over the lawn. Silently fuming, she began picking everything up. When she was finished,  Joanie gathered herself to her full height, and glowered up at Curt who stood on the front step watching her. “You act as if you’re so much better than me, as if you’ve never made any mistakes before.”
“You haven’t made mistakes, Joanie, what you’ve made were deliberate choices. Choices that can’t be undone or forgiven.”
“You’re so smug now but you’ll regret this,” said Joanie.
“There’s a lot of things in my life that I regret, but ending our marriage won’t be one of them,” said Curt. He then  walked  back inside the house and closed the door behind him.
Later on in the evening, Curt placed a call to Tommy and was careful not to mention anything that had happened between Joanie and himself. Eventually Tommy would have to know about the divorce, but not yet. When he did tell Tommy, he wanted it to be in person, not over the phone.
Curt smiled at the sound of his son’s voice, and listened while he excitedly talked about the fun he and his grandma had going out shopping that day. Once Tommy had finished talking to his father, Evelyn tucked him into bed then got on the phone, and listened to Curt as he recounted the events that had unfolded since his early return home.
She listened quietly, and when he was finished, in a voice low enough so Tommy wouldn’t hear, Evelyn said, “Please tell me you’re going to leave that woman, if not for your sake then at least for Tommy’s.”
“It’s over. I already told her as much. And this time I’m not changing my mind.”
That night Curt went to bed and for the first time in a long time, slept surprisingly well. No longer did he have any doubts about what he would do, and he felt at peace with the decision he’d come to. This time he’d seen Joanie, had really seen her for what she was, and what she wasn’t. And even though it had taken him a long time to finally realize that the girl he’d fallen in love with had never really existed, the one thing he did have was closure. Closure to leave her and all the pain she caused him, and had undoubtedly caused Tommy, in the past where it belonged.
During the days and weeks that followed Joanie made no effort at contacting him, even after he’d filed for divorce and sent out the papers to her mother’s, Curt still heard nothing back from her. He imagined that she probably was living with Patrick in some pricey condo, or a sprawling mini mansion somewhere in or around Seattle. But no matter where she was in the city, Joanie’s routine visits to her mother’s house wouldn’t have changed. She was sure to  get the divorce papers there, he just hoped she wouldn’t take too long in signing and sending them back to his office.
He was sure that Joanie wanted to get the divorce over with just as much as he did, and didn’t expect her or her attorney to object to anything, since he’d been more than generous in the settlement he was willing to give.
The most difficult part of the whole thing for Curt was driving back to his mom’s place in Montana, and explaining the situation to Tommy, while being careful to leave out much of the details.
He explained it by saying that sometimes when two people can’t get along they need to permanently separate, and that the divorce wouldn’t change how much he and Joanie both loved him. But in the end, there was really no easy way of telling a child that their parents were getting a divorce, and even worse trying to explain that the baby that had come out of his mother’s tummy was hers, but not theirs, and so wouldn’t be living at the house with them.
Eventually Curt would tell Tommy the truth about the situation surrounding his half brother, but that could wait till later when he was much older. For right now, keeping it simple seemed to be best. Although understandably  disappointed over not being able to live with his baby brother, Tommy seemed to accept what his father had told him.
The last time Curt had seen Joanie was the day when she came to get her stuff, and then admitted to the scheme between herself, Patrick, and his mother. And although Joanie had never been a very attentive, loving mother, he had thought that she’d at least call, or come by once to talk to Tommy, who for the first month spent each evening waiting for a call that never came. As time passed, Tommy finally gave up on hearing from his mother. Curt did his best to try to comfort him, but there was only so much he could say or do. Evelyn had agreed to come over and stay with them in Seattle for a time, to help care for Tommy on the days that Curt had to be at the office either meeting with clients or working on cases.
CHAPTER FORTY
Four months came and went without any word from Joanie. The following Monday, Curt was taken by surprise to find Joanie there waiting for him when he got to work. He had just shrugged out of his coat, and put away his umbrella that was still wet from the morning rain when he saw Joanie seated in the sitting area.
She was wrapped in an expensive looking fur coat, and had taken extra care with her makeup. Silver shadow had been swept along her upper lids and worked to accentuate her startling gray eyes. Her hair looked to have been recently colored and shimmered with golden highlights.
“You look good, but then again I suppose that would be expected from a woman with your kind of vanity,” said Curt somewhat drily.
Joanie got to her feet the moment she saw him, and said, “Surprised to see me?”
“You could say that. Considering that we haven’t heard from you in months. You really should call Tommy, he misses his mother.”
Joanie walked over to Curt and touching his arm lightly, said, “And what about you – do you miss me?”
Deliberately taking her hand off his arm, in a lowered voice he said, “Don’t you dare touch me.”
Taking a step back, a flicker of surprise crossed Joanie’s face, she then quickly composed herself and said testily, “Fine. Have it your way. But we need to talk.”
Becoming aware of the receptionist who was quietly listening and casting curious looks toward them, Curt said, “We’ll talk in my office.” Taking hold of her arm, he guided Joanie through the door, pulling it closed behind her.
Without prompting, Joanie seated herself in the chair across from his desk and said, “I know that you probably won’t believe me when I tell you this, but I’ve missed you. I’ve missed you terribly – but most of all I’ve missed us.”
Matter of factly, Curt said, “You’re right, I don’t believe you.” He then walked around to the other side of his desk, and settled down in a chair opposite her. “You can drop the act now, Joanie, and tell me what it is you really want.”
“I told you.” She blinked innocently. “I want you – and I know deep down you really want me too.” She rose to her feet, and boldly let the fur coat that up until then had remained wrapped around her, fall to the floor, and stood there wearing nothing more than a pink satin negligee.
Although he noticed the small span of her waist, and the rounded curve of her breasts and hips, he found that he no longer had the physical reaction to her that he used to have, and said, “Don’t embarrass yourself like this. Now put your coat back on before someone walks in and sees you.”
“Don’t you want me anymore?” Joanie said with genuine surprise.
“No, Joanie, I don’t. A long time ago yes, but those days are over with, and have been for some time.”
Rushing on with her words, Joanie said, “Oh, but they don’t have to be.”
“No, I don’t suppose they do, but they are. Besides, don’t you have Patrick to wear that for? You will, after all, be suitable for marriage once more. All that’s left are the papers I sent to your mother’s house for you to sign.”
Looking suddenly self-conscious, Joanie grabbed up her coat from the floor, slipped it on, then hastily did up the buttons and said, “We’re no longer together.”
“Moved on to another so quickly? Really, Joanie, considering the wealth and privilege he and his family have, I’d have thought you at least would have stayed with Patrick long enough to make it to the altar, then wait an appropriate amount of time before taking him for all he’s worth in a divorce. But then again, perhaps you simply grew bored, and found a new Mr. Right, one with a bigger, fatter bank account.”
Anger flashed in her eyes. “I thought I might have to endure your petty jabs. However I did hope things could be different this time, but with you they never are. You can be really cruel sometimes, you know that?”
“No, my dear. That’s more your specialty. Cruel would be a mother who abandons her own child to run off with her married lover. I’m just getting started, there’s so much more I could say. Shall I continue?”
Joanie turned away and said, “Oh, shut up! Just shut up, will you?!”
Curt shot to his feet, and came around the desk to where Joanie stood. Taking her by the shoulders, he forced her to look at him, and said, “When it comes to cruelty no one is more cruel than you. Sometimes I wonder if you even have a heart or if it’s just a jagged piece of ice that beats inside your chest, keeping you alive. In fact I can’t think of anyone more heartless or cold than you are.” He slid his hands up around her neck. “For the longest time all I’ve wanted to do was squeeze the life right out of you – but then I realized you weren’t worth it, you never were. The only thing I regret is not seeing it sooner.” Curt then let his hands fall to his sides as he released her from his hold and moved away from her.
“You don’t mean that, you couldn’t mean it.” Joanie took a step toward him as she said this, then flew into his arms, and through broken sobs said, “Oh Curt, darling, you have no idea how hard it’s been.” She pressed her face against his chest and wept, then through her tears continued, “I know what I did was wrong. I’ve hurt you and Tommy both, but now I realize how stupid I’ve been, and how much I really love and need you.” Joanie clung onto him a short while longer, then for the first time noticed the way he stiffened and how his arms remained down at his sides instead of wrapped around her. Lifting her face away from his shirt, she sniffed loudly and wiped at her eyes then said, “Why – why won’t you say something?”
“Because I’m only now realizing how truly pathetic you really are. And I’ve also come to understand just how much I don’t love or need you. I’ll not allow you to manipulate your way back into my life, like you have so many times before. Even a fool, like what I’ve been, learns eventually that playing with fire only gets you burned. And you, my dear, are a raging inferno. At first I thought you were a small flame, one that could be tamed, and that with enough love and patience even the damage from the burn could be healed, but I’ve since learned otherwise. Now I know that if I were to remain married to you, given enough time you would devour everything that’s good and wholesome, consume all that ever mattered to me, leaving nothing but ash – even our son Tommy. And I won’t let you do that.”
In sudden fury, she reached out and slapped him hard across the face.
Touching the red mark where she’d hit him, Curt said, “Now that’s the Joanie I know.”
“Yes, well, you’re going to see a lot more of her if you persist in this – this quarrelsome behavior.”
“Sit down, Joanie, and tell me what it is you really want.”
Raising her perfectly arched eyebrows in mock surprise, she said, “You act as if there has to be an ulterior motive.” Joanie begrudgingly lowered herself back down into the chair, and watched as he walked around to the other side of the desk to sit across from her.
“Isn’t there always with you. I’m sure you didn’t just come here to reminisce about all the good times we’ve shared. At least I hope you didn’t, because I must confess, if I have to go down memory lane with you for too much longer I’m going to need something much stronger than a cup of Seattle’s Best,” said Curt drily.
“You certainly don’t waste any time on pleasantries, do you?”
“And you, my dear, as I recall have never been very pleasant. While you’re here, you may as well satisfy my curiosity. You said earlier that you and Patrick are no longer together – why? I would have thought that the two of you would have been a perfect match. You’re both ruthless, without a care in the world about what you have to do, or who you have to hurt to get what you want.”
“If you must know, he grew bored of me and left.” Stifling a sob, Joanie looked away before facing him again. “There. Are you happy now?”
His lips formed a slight grin. “No, Joanie, surprisingly I’m not. I’m amazed, that’s all.”
Taking a Kleenex out of her purse and dabbing at her eyes with it, she said, “I’m sure you think I got exactly what I deserved. I knew you would find the whole thing amusing.”
“Amusing no, pitiable yes.”
Joanie started to rise from her chair, a look of outrage on her face. “I don’t need to stay here and endure your insults any longer, while you sit there and gloat.”
“You’re absolutely right. Please leave.”
She assessed him through narrowed eyes. “No, I don’t think I will.” She then made a point to splay out her fingers, admiring her recent manicure, and said, “I do believe I have a son I haven’t seen in quite a while.” Joanie then let her gaze slide back to his. “And I’ve decided that I want to take full advantage of my parental rights.”
“You leave Tommy out of this,” he warned. “You and I both know that you don’t care about him.”
She smiled wickedly. “Yes, that might be true, but the courts won’t know that, will they?”
“You malignant bitch.” There was a dangerous edge to his voice as he said this. It was all Curt could do not to leap across the desk and throttle her.
“Yes I am – and I’m only just getting started.” Joanie’s smile twisted into a smirk as she reached over to provocatively trace an invisible line along his lips.
He caught hold of her hand and deliberately lowered it down onto the desk. “I said not to touch me.”
“So professional. Hmm, I’m impressed with your rigid insistence on formality.” Joanie settled back in her chair and chuckled unpleasantly. “Ready to talk business I see.”
Tamping down his anger, Curt said, “I mailed off the divorce papers to your mother’s – didn’t you get them?”
In response, Joanie reached into her purse, pulled them out and slapped them down in front of Curt.
There was a moment’s silence before he said, “Have you read them?”
“Yes.”
“Then you’re aware that I’m being more than generous by offering to give you everything, the house, properties, cars, boats, everything we have in savings – you can have it all. What more could you possibly want?”
“Tommy. I want Tommy.”
Curt slammed his fist down on the desk, and said, “You can’t have him!”
Unfazed, Joanie said, “I already have a nice boarding school picked out for him.”
“You would take him from me, just to put him in boarding school?”
In an overly sweet voice, Joanie said, “Well, you can’t possibly expect me to take care of him?”
“Why don’t you tell me what it is you really want – because you and I both know it’s not Tommy.”
“No, you’re right – it’s not. But I do want the child support. Now that I’ll soon be single again, I could use the extra income.”
“I would have thought that all your financial needs would have already been met after handing over your baby to Patrick and his mother. If I remember correctly, didn’t you say that you were paid the ridiculous amount?”
“Yes – well as it turns out, I was wrong.” Joanie folded her arms over her chest, and directed her stare out the window at the continuous downpour outside. “And don’t be so patronizing either.”
“Who said I’m being patronizing?”
“No one, but I can feel it. And I despise it, and you. Don’t you think I see the smirk in your eyes, the way you continue to gloat?”
“Calm down, Joanie, and try for a second to be reasonable.”
“Reasonable?” She gave out a chortle of laughter. “Patrick and his mother tricked me – they deposited the money they said would be mine to do with as I pleased in one of their offshore accounts; at first everything was fine, it was more than fine – it was wonderful. A dream come true, really. After I left our house that night when I came to get the rest of my things, I went back to Patrick’s, and the very next day he whisked me away on a surprise trip to Hawaii in his private jet. Those few months were spectacular.”
“So that’s where you’ve been all this time. And the baby? Where did it go?”
“It stayed back at his mother’s place, of course, where nannies are caring for it.” Joanie then drew in a steadying breath and said, “We stayed away for three months, and by the end of our vacation he’d found somebody else. I came back from a day spent at the spa to discover him in bed with a girl from the island – a hula dancer.” Her voice filled with distaste as she said this last bit.
“And what exactly do you expect me to do about it?” Curt folded his hands out in front of him on the desk, and searched out her eyes with his. “Send him out a letter demanding that he cease and desist all other relationships with other women, and that he take back my wayward, very soon to be ex-wife?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“All right, Joanie. Apparently I’m missing something, because I fail to see what any of this sordid love affair gone wrong has to do with me, or our divorce proceedings? My only interest is with our son Tommy.”
“Which is exactly why you’re going to help me,” said Joanie.
“Help you? With what?”
“You’re an attorney, you know how to contest things in court.”
“Yes but –”
Impatient now, Joanie cut him off and said, “You’ll get back the money they promised me, and if we win, which I’m sure we will, then I’ll sign the divorce papers, and all parental rights over to you – and then we’ll both be happy. I’ll have my money and you’ll have Tommy.”
“Is there a contract or written statement with both your signatures, or anything at all proving that they owe you?”
Becoming visibly flustered, she said, “No, not exactly. I mean, I never thought –”
“You mean you never thought to have any legal documentation done before you signed over your rights?”
“Well no, of course not. Patrick and I were in a relationship and I never thought that he might not keep his word. But you’re good at what you do. You’ll think of something, I’m sure.”
“Joanie, let me explain something to you. And I’m going to do it in the most concise, painless way I know how to. If there’s no proof that Patrick or his mother ever promised to pay you, then there’s nothing I or anyone else can do about it.” Before she could interrupt, Curt quickly went on to say, “And before you try and say anything more, need I remind you that the promised payment that they deposited in the offshore account, was theirs, not yours. The two of you were never married, so for the brief time you were together, the courts would merely look at him as a generous boyfriend, while it, the relationship lasted.” When she opened her mouth to interrupt again, he motioned for silence as he continued, saying, “As for the child you had with him – well, you already gave up your parental rights, and for that there is legal documentation. Virtually no court, judge or jury will feel sympathetic to, or award custody to a woman who willingly handed over her own baby as soon as it was born. You have nothing to fight them on, there’s no case.” Curt began to chuckle despite himself.
Shooting him a scathing glance, Joanie said, “What is so funny?”
“You and your gullibility. For the longest time I wasn’t able to figure out why Patrick’s mother would offer you so much money, when she could have just as easily paid for a surrogate. It would have been much cheaper than the ridiculous amount she promised to pay you. But then again, with a surrogate there would have been legal documentation –”
“Just what are you getting at?”
“Think about it, Joanie.” Curt paused for a brief second. “No one gets paid the amount that you were offered just for being a surrogate – which is what you essentially were. Don’t you see what happened here? Other than paying for the abortion of our baby and for the paternity test, Patrick and his mother got away with paying out nothing – they were brilliant and you were too stupid to see it.” Joanie opened her mouth in protest, but then shut it when he rushed on and said, “Because I believed the child that you were carrying was mine, it was my insurance that paid for all your prenatal care. I’m the one who paid all the medical bills, and in the end you got nothing out of it but an abortion, a fling with Patrick, and an all-expense-paid trip paid to Hawaii. Patrick and his mother tricked you, and you were too blinded by your own greed to see it.”
“There’s nothing at all you can do then?”
“Nothing.”
“Then that’s unfortunate. I guess the next time we meet will be in court.” Joanie got up to leave.
“You do know after I tell my side of things, there’s a good chance you’ll lose the custody battle,” said Curt.
She stopped walking, and turned to give him a smile full of malice. “Maybe. But I’ll never quit trying. And in the meantime it will only hurt Tommy more to be in the middle of a very ugly custody battle. Don’t worry, my attorney will be in touch.”
Joanie was almost to the door, when Curt said, “I’m sorry but I can’t let you do that. I won’t stand by and watch you hurt Tommy more than you already have.”
She whirled around, an expression of alarm on her carefully made up face. “Just what do you plan on doing to stop me – shoot me?” Joanie erupted into laughter but stopped short when she saw the steely glint in his eyes.
Reaching down to the floor at his feet, Curt brought up a briefcase which he laid on the desk. “Relax. That’s not what I’m going to do, even though you deserve no less.”
Curiosity piqued, while still maintaining a level of mistrust, Joanie stiffly walked back over, pulled out the chair and sat down. Her eyes widened when he unlocked the suitcase, and opened it up to reveal stacks of hundred dollar bills, all neatly wrapped in bundles and packed together.
“Why, there must be a fortune in here,” said Joanie.
“A million and a half, to be exact.”
She gaped down at it open-mouthed, and then back at him. “Where did you ever get all this?”
“Let’s just suffice to say that in the last few years I’ve made some wise investments that you never knew about.”
“This – this is…” Joanie’s words trailed off as she reached out to touch the stacks of money, but before she could, he slammed the briefcase shut. Setting it back down behind his desk, Curt said, “Are you ready to talk now?”
With her mind still reeling from the money she just saw, Joanie said, “What do you want?”
“It’s not what I want, but what you want – you want the money. And I’ll be more than willing to give it to you, in fact you can walk out with it all today. But there are stipulations that you must agree to first.”
“Yes! Yes, anything, anything at all,” snapped Joanie anxiously.
“I want sole custody of Tommy, and to ensure that you can never contest it, I’m giving you this piece I’ve drawn up for you to sign. It says that you willingly give up all parental rights to our son. However, you can still come and see him whenever you like, provided I’m present. No matter how horrible of a mother and wife you’ve been, not allowing you visitation would only hurt Tommy. You are, after all, still his mother.” He set down a pen next to the legal document that was in front of her. “Do we have an agreement?”
Shooting him a meaningful look, Joanie grabbed up the pen, and without saying a word, scrawled her signature across the dotted line, then abruptly rose to her feet, and said, “Don’t worry. I won’t take you up on your generous offer of seeing our son. I know how anxious you must be to be rid of me.” She then took the briefcase, turned her back on him and started toward the door.
Joanie was about to leave when Curt stopped her with his next words, saying, “If Tommy ever asks about you, what should I tell him?”
Turning to meet his gaze with a smile that somehow seemed false, she said, “Tell him his mother is away on a long holiday, and may not ever return.”
Joanie then walked out with the briefcase in hand.
A strange sadness settled over Curt as he watched the door fall shut behind her. It was sadness, he supposed, for Tommy and the mother he would never have, and even for Joanie herself, and the life of emptiness that invariably stretched out before her. Until then he’d always fought against, and never wanted to believe that Joanie would care so little for her own children that she’d give them up for monetary gain.
Curt stood at the window, and stared out at Joanie. She was on the sidewalk down below, walking at a brisk pace with the briefcase in hand. The one most important thing to her that had replaced every potentially meaningful relationship she ever had, or could have had, was inside the briefcase she carried at her side. He watched as she disappeared into the downpour of rain and throng of people that crowded the sidewalks.
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
Two years had come and gone since the divorce from Joanie. School had just gotten out for the year, and Curt had decided to take some time off of work, and drive Tommy and himself out to Montana, to spend a few weeks with Evelyn. She’d been ecstatic at the prospect of having her son and grandson staying with her for the next few weeks. Evelyn had spent the day cooking and had dinner set out and waiting for them by the time Curt and Tommy arrived.
During their stay, Joanie’s name was carefully avoided and not mentioned. Since having signed the divorce decree, and then walking out with the briefcase full of money, Joanie had stayed out of their lives without resurfacing. It had taken a while for Tommy to fully accept that his mother wasn’t coming back. During the whole first year, Tommy had raced to answer the phone every time it rang. He never said so, but Curt knew how hurt he was by the absence of his mother, and he had decided to keep the details of Joanie’s departure to himself, in hopes of sparing Tommy any further unnecessary pain.
Whenever he would ask questions about where she was, Curt was careful to say that she was out of the country on an extended vacation. Tommy would sometimes ask when she was coming back and Curt would answer truthfully that he didn’t know. He knew that although he didn’t always have the most satisfactory answers to his son’s questions, he also couldn’t bear to tell him the truth about Joanie – not yet. Once Tommy was older he’d tell him everything, but for now the less he knew the better.
After the divorce Curt had gone on a few casual dates with different women, but found that he couldn’t open up his heart long enough to love or trust anyone again. And then he met Megan and everything changed. During his and Tommy’s stay at the cabin, Curt had driven to the small grocery store down the road. Evelyn had written out a list and sent him with it. She and Tommy had stayed back at home baking and designing a gingerbread house.
When he walked into the small store, he’d read the sign out front and saw it was about to close in a little less than an hour, so he grabbed a basket and tried to hurry as he went down the aisles, crossing items off as he found them, until coming to the last item, quinoa.
He was in the middle of searching through the shelves when a voice from behind said, “You must be Curt –”
He turned around in surprise to see an attractive brunette with large chestnut-colored eyes staring expectantly at him. There was something familiar about her, but he wasn’t sure why.
She put him at ease with her smile and said, “Your mom called ahead of time and said you’d be here, but I just wasn’t sure until now that it was really you.”
“I’m sorry – but have we met before? If we have, I’ll have to apologize now, because I’m having trouble placing you.”
She held out her hand to shake his and said, “Megan. Megan Emerson – don’t you remember?”
At hearing her name, and studying the high cheekbones and heart-shaped face and the slight upturn of her nose, he began to remember the way she looked as a young girl in pigtails. Returning her smile with one of his own, he said, “Megan? Is that really you? I mean it’s really you.” He took in her appearance once more and couldn’t deny the unexpected stir of attraction he felt for her.
She laughed, a light pleasant sound, and took both his hands in hers and said, “It’s really me, Megan.”
Then laughing with her, Curt said, “Wow. I can hardly believe it.”
“How long has it been now?”
“Since we were kids? I don’t even want to think about that. It’s just another reminder of how old we’re getting, or at least how old I’m getting. But look at you – you look great.”
“It’s been a while and I guess we’ve both changed,” said Megan.
“Any changing you’ve done has only been for the better – I mean, you look perfect.” This was followed by an awkward pause, Curt then quickly rushed on to say, “I mean not that you didn’t look good before, it’s just that now – well, now you look so much better.”
“Well, anyway it’s been great seeing you again.” Resting her gaze on the basket of groceries in his hand, she said, “If there’s anything else you need just let me know, I’ll ring you up at the register when you’re ready.”
“Actually there is something…” Curt went to fish the list out of his pocket but before he could, Megan walked back behind the counter. “That reminds me – ” She then came back around with a bag of quinoa. Holding it up so he could see, she said, “Is this what you’re looking for?”
“Yup, that was the last thing on the list.” Curt set the basket of groceries on the counter.
Megan talked as she rang up the items. “Your mom called in a week or so ago and asked for us to special order it.”
“Well, that explains it then,” said Curt as he dug out his wallet from the pocket of his pants.
She glanced up at him curiously, ran his card, then handed it back to him, and said, “Explains what?”
“Why a small store like this one would carry something like quinoa.”
Handing him the printed-out receipt, she said, “We usually stock only more basic food items, unless the customer puts in a special request like your mom did.”
“You own this place now?”
“Dad still does, but recently it got to be too much for him, and as of last year I’ve been pretty much running the place on my own.”
While she bagged up the groceries, Curt cast a cursory look around at the neatly stocked shelves, and small eatery situated toward the back of the store, and said, “This place hasn’t changed much from when we were kids and your father worked here. I remember we used to come here just for the ice cream.”
“Yeah? Well you know how it is with small towns like Rogue. Not much ever does change. I’m still not sure if that’s a good or bad thing – maybe it’s a little bit of both,” said Megan.
“Trust me, that’s a good thing. After spending years living  in the city where traffic never stops, you come to appreciate a quieter, slower place.”
“That’s right. Your mom mentioned that you were in Seattle – still living there?”
“I am. Although I know my son would probably like it if we lived here instead.”
“Doesn’t he like it there in Seattle?”
“He does but he’d rather be here where he could see her everyday and not just in the summers,” said Curt.
Nodding, Megan said, “I can understand that. I was always close to my grandparents too. You have to enjoy them while they’re here, because once they’re gone it’s too late.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I still remember my dad like it was yesterday. Even now it’s still hard to believe he’s gone.”
“My dad still talks about the fishing trips they went on together. Oh, which reminds me!” Megan reached down and grabbed a bag of apples out from behind the counter, and said, “They’re from Dad’s tree. He thought your mom would want them.”
Taking the bag of apples, Curt said, “She’ll appreciate that. Thanks.”
After bagging up the last of his purchases, Megan said, “Well, I’d best not be keeping you here talking any longer. I’m sure your mother and the current Mrs. Worthington are both wondering where you’re at.”
“No, and no. My mother is busy with the task of building a gingerbread house. And as for the latter, well there’s an ex-Mrs. Worthington, and she is definitely not wondering where I’m at, or even where her son’s at.”
Frowning, Megan said, “Oh. I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Don’t be. It’s probably for the best anyway, but that’s a whole different topic – a topic we can discuss more later.”
“Oh, no, that’s okay, you don’t have to. It’s really none of my business anyway.”
“All right, then how about we skip the subject of my ex-wife altogether, and we catch up over dinner at my mom’s place tonight?”
“Dinner? Tonight?”
“Why not? Unless you’re married, or there’s something else you had planned tonight – in which case we could reschedule, but if you’re married that might not be such a good idea, as I don’t think husbands like to be rescheduled, especially when it’s done so their wives can spend time with another man.”
Breaking out into amused laughter, Megan said, “No, and no. I don’t have other plans, nor do I have a husband to reschedule. And yes, I would love to have dinner with you and your mom tonight.”
“You would, really?”
Frowning slightly, she said, “Yes, isn’t that what you wanted – unless I misunderstood, and in that case I…”
“No,” he cut her off, “you didn’t misunderstand me – not a word of it. I think it’s wonderful. I just wouldn’t have imagined that with the way you look, that you’d still be –”
“Single?” she supplied.
Curt raked his fingers through his hair. “That didn’t come out quite the way I meant for it to.” Grabbing up the bags of groceries and apples, he crossed over to the door, and said, “I think I’d better leave before I put my foot any further in my mouth, and you change your mind about coming over.”
“That’s probably for the best,” said Megan, but even as she said this she was laughing.
With his arms full of bags, Curt fumbled with the door handle.
Watching him struggle, Megan started over and said, “I can get the door for you if you want?”
Waving her away, he said, “No, no I got this.”
Unconvinced, she said, “Are you sure?”
“Sure, I’m sure.” Curt had managed to get the door open, and had just stepped outside when the bag of apples slipped from his grasp and fell onto the ground. Rushing over, Megan helped him set the other bags down, then knelt beside him and started helping to pick up the apples that were scattered in the parking lot.
Once they were finished, Curt said, “I guess this time I’d better take you up on that offer of help.”
“Yes I think you’d better, before you drop another bag and possibly break something,” said Megan.
They talked some more as she helped him put the bags of groceries in his car. She then stood outside long enough to watch his car disappear down the road, and had a strange feeling that their dinner date tonight would be the first of many.
When Curt announced that he’d run into Megan at the store, Evelyn seemed pleased, and said she figured there was a reason why he’d taken so long, and when he went on to say that he’d invited Megan over that night for dinner, Evelyn seemed even happier, saying how she’d always liked the girl.
Megan arrived early, and after a short time spent visiting they all sat down to dinner. Tommy ate quickly, then after saying goodbye rushed out the door. He’d become friends with a couple of the other boys who lived nearby, and had made plans to have a sleepover that night at their house.
After dinner, Evelyn visited with Megan a little longer, asking about the store and how her dad was doing, then after a little while of polite conversation, she excused herself for the night, saying that she was worn out and needed her sleep. Evelyn retired to her room, leaving Curt and Megan alone for what was left of the evening.
“Your mom’s great. You’re lucky to have her,” said Megan, before sipping from the warm cup of espresso Curt had poured for them.
“You say that now – wait until you get to know her.” He laughed at his own joke, and said, “I’m just kidding. I actually don’t know what I’d have done without her. She’s been a tremendous support these last couple of years following the divorce, and has helped Tommy out a lot.”
“How is he adjusting anyway?”
“I know there are still things he struggles with about what happened between his mom and me, but overall I think he’s doing good. Understandably the worst part for him is not being able to see or talk to his mom. I’ve tried to help the best I know how, but I don’t think I’ll ever fully be able to undo the hurt his mother has caused. Since Joanie and I split this is the longest I’ve spent here at my mom’s place.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, why is that?”
“I’m usually so busy with clients and taking on new cases, that I end up bringing my work home with me, and until now I’ve never really allowed myself time away to relax.”
“Clients and cases? So you’re a –”
“Attorney.”
“That’s right. Now I remember when we were in high school, you used to always talk about how you wanted to go to law school, and it looks like you did it. Congratulations. Do you like it as much as you thought you would?”
“Mostly yes but sometimes no,” said Curt.
“That’s understandable. I think it’s pretty much that way with any job or career.” Drinking up the last drop of espresso, Megan set the empty cup on the coffee table. She  turned her attention to the brightly burning flames of the candles that graced the mantle.
Her long thick hair tumbled down around her shoulders, and glistened in the light from the flickering candles. Curt admired the delicate features of her face and profile, and found it nearly impossible to take his eyes off her. She was easily the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen, and he suddenly felt as if he were back in high school on his first date, all over again. He became very much aware of how close they were to one another, and had to fight the urge to close the small gap between them by taking her into his arms. As if suddenly having become aware of his silent scrutiny, Megan turned from the candles to him. Her eyes were dark and luminous as they met his.
Fighting the urge to lean over and kiss her, Curt said, “I didn’t mean to stare, it’s just that you’re so beautiful. I’m sorry, I probably shouldn’t have said that.”
“Don’t be. I thought it was a very nice compliment, to go along with a very nice evening.”
In an attempt at breaking the awkward silence that fell between them, indicating the empty cup, Curt said, “Would you like a refill?”
“I’d love one, thanks,” said Megan.
Taking both their cups, Curt disappeared into the kitchen and soon after walked back with a steaming cup of espresso in hand, and set it down on the table next to her. “It’s hot so be careful,” he cautioned.
“I will,” she promised.
After retrieving his own drink, Curt settled back down on the sofa next to her, and said, “So tell me more about yourself. Did you ever go to veterinarian school like you wanted?”
“I should have but I didn’t. Soon after you left I met my future husband – a rodeo cowboy. The worst mistake of my life. During our short marriage we traveled around a lot, you know, following the circuit. I tried to be supportive to his career, but as it turned out it didn’t matter what I did or didn’t do. He preferred being at the bar drinking with his friends, and the company of other women, lots of other women, to being at home with me. And women was something he never had a shortage of. They practically lined up to be with him.”
“That sounds miserable,” said Curt.
“It was. All the way through, and especially toward the end of our marriage, all we did was fight. It was just lucky that we never had any children. He would have made a horrible father,” said Megan.
“Wow. I’m glad you got away from him when you did,” said Curt.
“I am too. After the divorce I moved back here and started helping out my dad with the store. I’ve already registered at the community college where I plan on taking some classes in the fall.”
He listened with interest as she talked more about her marriage, divorce, and now future goals. Curt told her more about Joanie, how they met at college in Seattle, and their troubled marriage that followed.
Megan was sympathetic to all he and Tommy had been through, and as their conversation went on, she reached over and held his hand. Even though she herself had never been a mother, it tugged on her heart to think that any mother would be capable of doing even half the things that Joanie had so casually done. It was incomprehensible to Megan, that Joanie would abandon Tommy and her other child all for financial gain, and wondered how well Tommy was coping inside with it. Although Curt was quick to say that much of the truth about Joanie had been hidden from him, Megan still had her doubts.
Most children were much more perceptive than what their parents realized, but she was careful not to express her opinion on the matter. It was obvious how much Curt loved his son, and that he was doing his best in regards to Tommy. There was no need to make him unduly worried by pointing out something that, no doubt, he had already thought of. Megan couldn’t imagine how difficult the situation had been for Tommy, or how she would have felt as a young child in his position, and thought how terrible it would be to be abandoned by your own mother as Tommy was.
Megan offered words of comfort as Curt talked more about his and Joanie’s tumultuous relationship. She also shared more about the problems that had been in her own, and how she felt when she first learned of the affairs, and insecurities she’d struggled with from it, until coming to the realization that it was nothing she did wrong, but was simply that he just couldn’t or wouldn’t remain faithful.
Megan went on to say that not long after her divorce, she found out through some of her girlfriends that he married one of the women he’d been sleeping with while he was still married to her, and that he’d already been seen at bars around town with other women, while his new bride was left to sit at home alone. Megan laughed and admitted that she did get a perverse sense of enjoyment at hearing the news.
And then on a lighter subject, the conversation switched to their parents who were widowed. Megan talked about how eventually her dad planned to sell off the store, that it was getting to be too much for him, and soon she would have her studies to focus on. They reminisced about the trouble they used to get into as kids, and how they snuck out at night and met each other by The Falls to go in search of monsters that at the time, they’d been sure lurked in the woods.
It was well past midnight when Megan noticed the time, and said she should be going, that she had to go into the store early the next morning and needed to catch some sleep. Curt was sorry to see the evening end, and walked her out to her car. Once they were outside, the mood became more intimate and they ended the night in a kiss.
Curt held the driver’s side door for her then after shutting it, said one last goodbye and watched as the taillights of her car disappeared into the darkness.
For the first time since his divorce, he felt something that he thought he’d never feel again for another woman. He had promised himself that he wouldn’t make the mistake of falling in love again, yet here he was already falling.
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
Curt spent a restless night. His thoughts kept returning to Megan, and the unexpected feelings seeing her had awakened inside him. By the time he got out of bed, the sun had already risen in the sky, and it promised to be a clear sunny day. Evelyn was busy in the kitchen frying up bacon and pancakes. Still tired, Curt wordlessly shuffled over to where the coffee was brewing, poured himself a cup then sat at the table.
Evelyn called over her shoulder as she lifted the last pancake that had just finished cooking, and said, “Sleep well?”
“As well as any other night,” lied Curt.
Carrying the plate of pancakes and bacon to the table, Evelyn smiled to herself as she pulled out a chair and sat down across from him, saying, “You look tired, if you ask me.”
“Well, nobody did ask you,” said Curt.
“And nobody would have to. Anyone who stayed up as late as you did would be. Of course if you did do a lot more asking then I could do a lot more telling,” said Evelyn.
“And I’m sure you would just love that,” said Curt through a yawn. He was about to take another drink from his coffee when he paused in mid sip to eye his mother suspiciously. “Wait a minute – you went to bed early. How would you know how late I stayed up?”
Shrugging innocently, Evelyn focused on spreading butter and syrup on her pancake, and said, “I just assumed that you and Megan would have a lot to talk about and catch up on.”
Chuckling quietly, Curt nodded to himself and said, “All right. I know what’s going on. You can drop the act now, Mom, and stop pretending. I know why you went to bed early.”
Cutting up her pancake into bite sized bits she said, “Yes, I know why I did too.” Evelyn then plopped a piece in her mouth, looked across the table at her son, and matter of factly said, “To get some sleep because I was tired.”
“No, no,” Curt shook his head smiling, “you never go to bed that early. I know what you’re trying to do and it’s not going to work.”
Between mouthfuls of her pancake, Evelyn said, “Yeah, I’m trying to eat and it looks like I’m doing a pretty good job of it.”
“Oh, that’s not what I’m talking about and you know it,” Curt’s knowing gaze remained riveted on his mother.
Evelyn bit into a piece of bacon, and said, “Megan’s a nice girl. I don’t see anything wrong with the two of you getting to know each other better.”
Curt took a bite of his pancake and said, “Mom, people aren’t checker pieces on a board. My life’s complicated right now, and I’m not necessarily ready for a relationship.”
“Nonsense! You’re as ready as you’ll ever be.” Evelyn regarded him with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. “You kissed her, didn’t you?”
“Matter of fact, no, I did not kiss her,” lied Curt.
Shooting him a knowing look, she said, “Oh, you kissed her all right. I can see it in your face, Curt Worthington. I’ve always known when you were lying. You could never keep the truth from your mother, least of all matters of the heart.”
Giving in, Curt said, “All right. Fine. Yes, I kissed her, and it was a mistake I won’t repeat.”
Snorting loudly Evelyn said, “Don’t be ridiculous.”
“I’m not being ridiculous. I have Tommy to think about,” said Curt, slightly leaning forward.
“And you have yourself to think about too. Tommy’s growing up and it would do him some good to know what it’s like to have a mother, a decent mother. Now I’ve been quiet and held my peace for too long. It’s time I said what needs saying and you’re gonna listen. It’s been two years since the divorce and it’s time for you to move on. Allow yourself to fall in love again.”
“I’ve already done that once before and look at where that got me,” argued Curt.
“It got you Tommy. Not every woman is your ex-wife.”
Curt leaned back in his chair and sighed wearily. Before he could interrupt, Evelyn continued, “And if you stubbornly persist in seeing Joanie in every woman you meet, then you’ll one day wake up and find that you’re a bitter, old spinster.”
“This is ridiculous. I don’t even know why we’re having this conversation.”
“It’s important. That’s why we’re having it. Besides, it would be good for Tommy to see his father happy again.”
“I am happy. Who said I’m not happy?”
“You don’t look it.”
“Gee Mom, thanks. That’s nice of you to say. You’re just full of compliments today. You knew Megan would be in the store, that’s why you sent me there – isn’t it?” accused Curt.
“And look at how nicely it worked out. The two of you had a wonderful evening together.”
“Yes, but Mom, you can’t just interfere in people’s lives like that.”
“There’s a difference between interfering in other people’s lives, and the life of my own son,” she began somewhat stubbornly. “Sometimes interference is just the thing that’s needed. And besides, it wasn’t me who invited her to dinner,” smiled Evelyn slyly.
“All right, Mom, you made your point. Can we please drop the subject now?”
“Only if you say you’ll see her again.”
“Yes. I will see her again,” sighed Curt. “Are you happy now?”
“For now,” Evelyn beamed across the table at him.
Despite all his earlier denials to his mother, Curt felt more interest in Megan than he wanted to admit. For a while he tried telling himself that the feelings he was experiencing were a simple case of childish infatuation, but even then Curt knew he was lying to himself. The fact of the matter was, he’d fallen in love over the summer, and no amount of denial would change that.
In the days that followed they saw more of each other, during which time Megan got to know Tommy better. He missed having a relationship with his own mother, and became close to her quickly.
Curt got to know Megan’s dad better, and would often come over to visit, and enjoyed listening to the older man recount the memories about his father, Henry, and the fun the two of them had out on the lake fishing. Often Megan’s dad would come over to Evelyn’s house where the two of them would spend the day in each other’s company. Since their son and daughter had started dating, they’d become close. They were both widowed and found they had a lot in common.
On the last day there, before they had to return to Seattle, Curt, Megan, and Tommy went down to The Falls with a picnic dinner Megan had put together. Tommy was busy swimming in the shallow part of the water, while Curt and Megan sat on the grassy meadow a short distance away, holding hands and talking.
“Are you sure you can’t come to Seattle with us? Tommy would love to have you and so would I.”
“You know I would love to but my dad needs my help with the store,” said Megan.
“I understand. But I still wish it didn’t have to be like this,” said Curt.
“I know, me too.” Megan leaned her head against his shoulder.
The next morning when it was time for Curt to leave, he and Megan shared a tearful goodbye. Tommy had begged to stay the last few weeks of the summer there with his grandma, Megan, and Megan’s dad who had become like a grandpa to him. He’d become attached to her and her dad in the time since she and Curt started dating. With no children of her own, Megan also had become equally close to Tommy, and had begun to feel as if he were her own. Her dad, who always hoped to be a grandpa, enjoyed having the young boy around.
After a short debate, Curt finally gave in, as his mother and Megan were begging for him to let Tommy stay with them for the few remaining weeks. When Curt said his final goodbye and drove away, he couldn’t help but feel as if he were leaving his heart behind.
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
When Curt got home that night, he was tired from the drive, and too preoccupied with thoughts of Megan to notice the vase where the spare key was kept had been moved. He walked through the door and shrugged out of his coat, when the smell of cigarette smoke came to him.
Curt remained rooted in the entryway, and through the darkness caught sight of the red glow from the burning end of a cigarette. His voice resonated off the walls of the silent house, as he called out, “Who’s there?!”
Just then the light of the hanging chandelier was turned on, flooding the living room in harsh light. The intruder, whose identity had remained hidden from him until then, spun around in the swivel chair he or she had been sitting in, and his startled stare connected with Joanie’s wide-eyed expression.
For a moment she appeared to be just as startled as he was, but then her full red lips curved upward into a grin that he’d come to hate. Taking a long drag off her cigarette, she leaned back and exhaled smoke rings, then said, “Missed me?”
Curt crossed over to her in quick strides, roughly pulling her to her feet and said, “Like a cobra’s bite –”
The cigarette fell from her hand onto the carpet. Quickly stepping on it before it had time to smolder, Curt stared into her eyes. Although disheveled, she was still beautiful, but he remained untouched by it. Joanie had gone limp in his arms, her head tilted back as she studied  his face, then she broke into a widening grin and started laughing hysterically.
It was then that he smelled the alcohol that wafted off her. Releasing his hold on her, he let her fall to the floor, and said, “You’re drunk.”
Joanie’s laughter segued into broken sobs. She looked up at him through a tear-streaked face and said, “I don’t know what I’m doing here – I probably shouldn’t even have come.”
“No, you shouldn’t have.”
Staggering to her feet, Joanie said, “I – I found the key under the vase and let myself in.”
“You have no right to be here. I could call the police and have you arrested for breaking and entering, you know.”
“Breaking and entering?” Joanie swayed forward and fell against him.
Holding her up, Curt said, “Cut it out and pull yourself together.”
Slowly regaining her balance, Joanie stared back at him through bleary eyes, and said, “You – you met someone. I can see it in your eyes, and smell her perfume. It’s all over you.”
“Yes, I met someone, and what concern is it of yours? Don’t you have your precious money?”
“Oh yes.” Joanie wobbled unsteadily on her feet. Slurring her words, she said, “The money. Yes, I have the money. I have plenty of money.” She took two steps toward him, and lowered her voice, “Do you know, Curt, what the one thing is I can’t seem to find?”
“What’s that, Joanie?”
“Happiness – I can’t seem to find it no matter where I look,” said Joanie drunkenly.
“That’s something I can’t help you with. Misery is the one thing you can’t buy yourself out of.”
She reached out clumsily to touch his face, and in a singsong voice said, “I know where Tommy is…”
“At his grandma’s,” said Curt evenly.
“And this woman you’re seeing – where is she?”
“Her name is Megan. And she’s currently with Tommy being the mother that you refuse to be.”
“Well, that’s just perfect then. Because I just received some life-changing news today, and I thought we could celebrate it together.” Joanie ran her fingers along his shoulders. “Make love to me, Curt.” But when she closed her eyes and tried to kiss him, he pulled away from her and said, “Leave. Get out now!” Curt grabbed Joanie by the arm and walked her toward the door. “I’ll call you a cab.”
Extricating herself from his hold, Joanie stumbled past him and out the door, and said, “Don’t bother.” She turned to look at him through the shadowy darkness. “You loved me once?”
“Very much. There was a time I would have done anything for you.”
“And now?”
“You destroyed every ounce of love or feelings I’ve ever had for you.”
Joanie wordlessly turned away and staggered off into the darkness. Unable to bear looking upon her and what she’d become any longer, Curt shut the door. He couldn’t help but feel that it was in the best interest of Tommy that his mother stayed away, and hoped to never see or hear from her again.
He soon put Joanie and her visit from his mind. For the next few weeks, Curt was busy finishing up getting everything in order. He hadn’t liked keeping his plans a secret from Megan, but there wasn’t really a choice. He just hoped that all the time he and her dad had spent planning things out in secret, in the end wouldn’t have been for nothing. There was no guarantee about what Megan’s reaction would be, but it was a risk he was willing to take. Finally once he had everything in order, Curt talked on the phone to both Megan’s dad and his mother to give them the estimated time of his arrival, but promised to call before he got there so they and everybody else could be ready. His mother and Megan’s dad were both so happy, he just hoped Megan would feel the same. Curt left early the next morning before the sun came up, and by the time early afternoon came, he was pulling into the small parking lot of the store Megan managed.
He kept the jittery nervousness he was feeling hidden behind a cool exterior, but in truth there was never a time when he’d been more nervous than he was right then. Curt barely noticed the other few customers as he walked through the door.
Megan was at the opposite end of the store, her back was turned to him as she helped an elderly woman find what she was looking for. Before anyone could see, he got out the roll of masking tape, then slipped out what had been hidden in his pocket, and secured it onto the back of a soup can, then hastily rearranged, and took count of where the soup with the tape on the back was in comparison to the others so he wouldn’t forget.
No sooner had Curt done this than a small voice of a child from behind said, “Hey mister, I saw what you were doing.”
Curt turned to see a little girl in a ruffly dress and pigtails, watching him curiously. Resting his hands on his knees, Curt leaned down at eye level with the child and said, “And just what was that?”
“I don’t know exactly,” she hesitated, “but you’re acting awfully funny. I saw you put something on that can of soup, right there.” The little girl pointed up at it.
Placing a finger to his lips, Curt said, “Shhh, we mustn’t let anyone know. It’ll be our little secret, okay?”
The little girl’s lips formed a slight pout. “My momma says that keeping secrets isn’t good. And that if someone asks you to keep a secret they’re not good either.”
Not really paying attention to the child and what she was saying, Curt straightened back up, and while casting a cursory look to make sure he hadn’t been spotted, absently replied, “Yes, yes, your mother’s right –” Then catching himself at the last second, leaned back down and quickly said, “No, no, I mean your mother’s wrong.”
“Momma’s never wrong,” said the little girl stubbornly.
“I mean yes, she’s right about that, but that’s not what’s going on here.” Trying to reason with the child, Curt rushed on and explained, “You see, I don’t really want you to keep it a secret from your mother. I want you to keep it a secret from her over there.” He pointed to where Megan still stood with her back turned to them. “And if you tell your mother then she might tell her, and then, well my surprise would be ruined. So just run along back to your mother and forget all about me. Do you think you can do that?”
The little girl solemnly regarded him through narrowed eyes, then said, “Are you a shoplifter, mister?”
“I’m not, I promise I’m not.” Panicking now, Curt felt in his pockets and finding some mints, pulled out a couple and handed them over to the little girl, who readily accepted by tearing open the wrapper and plopping them in her mouth. “Gee, thanks!”
Just then a woman’s voice called out, “Janie?! Janie?!”
The little girl winked up at Curt and said, “Don’t worry, mister. Your secrets safe with me.” She then called out and said, “Coming, Mother!”
Having gotten rid of his small interrogator, Curt breathed a relieved sigh, as the little girl ran back through the aisles of the store to where her mother waited. Trying to appear as casual as possible, he made his way over to where Megan had just finished helping the elderly woman, and was now preoccupied with stocking a shelf, oblivious to the fact that he was standing right behind her.
Clearing his throat, he said, “Excuse me, ma’am, but I need your help in finding a particular soup.”
Not realizing it was him, Megan said, “If you just give me a second I’ll be right with you.”
“I’m sorry but I don’t have a second.”
Megan stopped what she’d been doing and turned around, a look of mild annoyance on her face. At seeing him, her eyes lit up, and giving a little squeal of delight, she flew into his arms and said, “What are you doing here? You never told me you were coming back so soon.” Not waiting for an answer, Megan wrapped her arms around him, and said, “Oh, it doesn’t matter. I’m just so happy to see you.”
“You have no idea how glad I am to hear that, because there’s something I need to ask you. But first I really need your help with that soup.”
“You were serious about that?”
“Yeah, I was serious. Why? What is so surprising about that?”
“You came all this way, and your biggest concern is a can of soup?”
“You may not have realized this about me before, but I’m very particular about soup – especially the kind that’s canned,” said Curt.
“Interesting.” She regarded him with a studied expression. “I think I’m just beginning to see that.” Forming a half serious expression, she said, “All right. Tell me what type of soup you’re looking for. I assume you do have one in mind?”
Clearing his throat, he said, “Vegetable.”
“Vegetable? Well, that’s easy. We sell a couple different vegetable soups here –” Megan broke off in mid sentence, gave him a curious look, and said, “I’ll never quite understand how it is, that after a short time of being away you show up announced, and now here we are, discussing something as inconsequential as a can of vegetable soup.”
“What can I say? I have an affinity for the stuff.”
Casting him a long-suffering sidelong glance, Megan walked past him, and down the aisle toward the shelf of soups, then abruptly turned around and said, “Oh. I almost forgot to ask.”
Curt came to a sudden stop, almost running into her in the process, and said, “What?”
She watched him with a look of amusement. “Other than being vegetable, is there a particular brand, or type of vegetable you’re looking for?”
“Oh. The kind with alphabets,” he qualified.
“Well, now that that’s established at least I know what to make for dinner tonight. Only I hope you like homemade.”
“Dinner? Tonight at your place?”
“Yeah, why, is something wrong?” Megan stopped walking just long enough to give him a frown. “If I didn’t know any better, Curt Worthington, I’d think that you didn’t want to come over.”
“That’s not what I meant at all. I just never realized you could make soup,” said Curt somewhat awkwardly.
Megan let out a heavy sigh, whirled around and said,
“What is going on with you? You’re acting so nervous. Are you in some kind of trouble?”
“I’m not in any trouble yet, but if someone else gets to the soup first then I will be.” Curt’s gaze flitted anxiously to the shelf full of soups.
Megan followed his gaze with her own, and said, “Nothing about your behavior right now is making sense.”
“I’m not making sense?” parroted Curt.
“Yes! Or rather no, you’re not at all. You’re acting really strange.”
“Then let’s not talk.”
Startled surprise registered on Megan’s face, when he swept her up off her feet, then before she had time to protest, Curt brought his lips down on hers, while carrying her the rest of the way to the shelf full of soups. They remained locked in each other’s arms for a short time, then when they finally broke apart, Megan stared up at him, a dazed expression in her eyes and said, “That was some kiss.”Annoyance then flashed in her eyes, when Curt shushed her and said, “Yes, yes, let’s not waste any more time just standing here talking. I told you what kind of soup I want. Well? Are you gonna get it for me or what?”
Crossing her arms over her chest, Megan said, “Now look here, Curt Worthington, I’m not about to –” She broke off the rest of what she was about to say, and instead said, “You’re really serious about this aren’t you? Unbelievable.”
She was about to storm away, when Curt grabbed hold of her, and said, “Please just do this one thing for me. That’s all I ask.”
“All right. Fine. But this is probably the most ridiculous –” She broke off, pursed her lips impatiently then reached up and grabbed the first can of soup off the shelf and thrust it at him. “Here it is. Alphabets and all. Does this meet your specifications?”
“That’s not the right one. It has to be the can that’s five cans to the left,” said Curt.
“Why didn’t you just say so to begin with?” said Megan evenly. She was about to take the middle can off the shelf and hand it to him, when he stopped her, and said, “No that’s not it either, you’re off by one can.”
Impatience rising steadily in her voice, Megan touched a finger to each can and slowly counted out loud. “One. Two Three. Four. Five –” She paused for emphasis, and looked at him before reaching up to grab it.
Curt nodded his approval.
Shaking her head, Megan reached for it, but when her fingers wrapped around the can, there was something small and square taped to the back of it. Giving him a questioning look, she murmured, “What’s this?” She turned the can over, and saw a silver gray jewelry box attached with masking tape. “Curt?” Megan looked from him to the box. “What’s going on here?”
Dropping to one knee, Curt said, “Megan Emerson, there hasn’t been a moment’s passing when you haven’t been on my mind. I rehearsed over and over again what I would say, and how I would say it, I planned on taking you somewhere special, but I realized I couldn’t wait. I know this might not be the most romantic way of asking this, but first – well, just open the box.”
Megan peeled away the tape then set aside the can of soup. She looked up at him one last time before opening the box. A four carat diamond ring sparkled back at her from inside the box in brilliant flashes of dazzling color. She blinked back tears and clapping a hand over her mouth said, “Oh my God, Curt! I don’t know what to say, this is –”
“Yours.” He lifted the ring out of its box and slipped it onto her finger. “And if you say yes it’ll be just the beginning. I can’t imagine my life and what it would look like without you, now that I’ve found you. Megan Emerson will you do me the honor of becoming –”
“Yes!” Megan jumped into his arms, and wrapped him in a tight embrace. “Yes! Yes!”
Curt gazed down at her and said, “Did I just hear you right? Did you say yes to becoming the new Mrs. Worthington?”
Wrapping her arms loosely around his shoulders, Megan brought her lips close to his and said, “That is exactly what you heard – now shut up and kiss me.”
Curt folded her in his arms and brought his lips down on hers in a lingering kiss. They’d forgotten all about the small crowd that had gathered around to watch, until their kiss ended to a loud cheer.
Evelyn and Tommy stepped forward out of the group of townspeople. Beaming, Tommy left his grandmother’s side to run up to Megan and Curt. Wrapping them both in a hug, he said, “Does this mean that we’re going to be a real family now?”
They looked at each other then down at him, and before Curt could answer, Megan enveloped Tommy in a hug and said, “We’re going to be an actual real family.”
Curt then turned his gaze from Megan and Tommy to meet his mother’s tearful happy stare. Evelyn clasped both his hands in hers and said, “I’m so happy for all three of you.”
“You had all this planned, didn’t you? Your mom and Tommy were waiting right outside along with everyone else,” said Megan.
“Guilty as charged. It’s just lucky for me that you said yes.” Then noticing the slight frown that played on her lips, Curt said, “Why? Is there something wrong?”
“It’s just that I forgot all about the store. I can’t just leave my dad here to try and run it himself.”
Megan’s father then stepped forward, and said, “It’s already taken care of. I got an offer on it just the other week. The papers are already signed, and the buyers paid double the asking price.”
“You mean it sold and you never told me?”
“I wanted it to be a surprise. I’m just too old to worry about running a business anymore, and I didn’t want you burdened with it either.”
“Are you sure you’re really ready to give it up? I know how hard you and Mom worked, and how much it meant to the two of you for so long. Won’t you get lonely without it?”
Her dad looked from her to Curt beaming, and said, “Well, I decided that this old man needed a change, and I’ve found her right here.” He then surprised both Megan and Curt further when he wrapped an arm around Evelyn, and said, “Besides, I won’t have time to run a store. Everything I need is right here, and if she’ll have me I’ll make her my bride.”
Evelyn’s eyes widened in surprise as he pulled out a ring from his pocket and slipped it on her finger. “Since the loss of my first love, I never thought that in my old age I’d find another. But you’ve proven me wrong. Evelyn Worthington, you’re an amazing woman and –”
Shushing him, Evelyn said, “Enough of your babbling on as if we were young folks.”
“Does that mean then that you’ll –”
Despite her attempt at hiding how she felt behind a gruff exterior, Evelyn’s eyes misted with tears as she said, “Yes, I’ll marry you, you old fool.”
“You’ll never know how happy you’ve just made me.” He pulled her into a hug and Evelyn blushed as he placed a kiss on the side of her face.
Everyone, including Megan, Curt, and Tommy clapped.
Brushing away the tears from her eyes, Evelyn stiffly pulled away from him and said, “Oh, quit that now, before you make me cry.” But despite her protests, her eyes twinkled in joyful delight.
Curt looked to Megan and said, “Well, now that that’s out of the way, there’s one more thing I need to show you.” He reached into the inside pocket of his coat, and pulled out a real estate picture of two recently built homes sitting on waterfront property, backdropped by tall mountains.
“This is beautiful,” said Megan, staring at it in amazement. “Where is it located?”
“In a wooded suburban area outside of Seattle. Do you like it?” Curt watched her anxiously.
“I – I love it, but what does this have to do with us?”
“It’s ours, and the house next to it is an in-law cottage for our parents when they come to visit. Or if they ever decide they want to live close to us, they’ll always have a place to come to.” He then rushed on, and said, “Of course if you decide you don’t want it I can always put both places back on the market.”
“No, I think it’s wonderful!” She wrapped Curt in another hug, before turning to her dad and Evelyn. “It would be so nice to have both of you nearby.” Megan placed a hand on Tommy’s head and ruffling his hair, said “I know Tommy would like that too.”
The older couple looked to each other before turning to Megan, Curt, and Tommy. Megan’s dad was the first to speak, and said, “I would love to, but it depends on how Evelyn feels.”
He looked to Evelyn who said, “The cabin has been in my family for generations, and I can’t bear to sell it. But the snow is getting to be too much, and I know that we both want to be close to the two of you and Tommy.”
She turned to Megan’s dad. “I would like to spend our summers here at the cabin, and live the rest of the year over there.”
“I couldn’t agree more. That sounds like a great idea,” he said.
Curt, Tommy, and Megan, along with Evelyn and Megan’s dad, all sat down to dinner that night over a bowl of homemade vegetable soup and bread. After everyone had finished eating, Curt and Megan visited over a glass of wine, while Evelyn and Megan’s dad went out on the porch with Tommy to gaze up at the stars.
Megan took a sip of her wine and said, “You were pretty sure of yourself back there at the store – what would you have done if I hadn’t said yes?”
“Would you believe me if I said I’d have been miserable for the rest of my life?”
She laughed, “You’d better watch out or I might hold you to that.”
“Well, that’s good to know, because I’m holding you to the yes you gave earlier,” said Curt.
They leaned in for a kiss, then clinked their glasses together.
Megan winked and said, “I’ll drink to that.”
The next few days passed in a flurry of activity. Curt spent most of his time helping to get Megan, her dad, and his mother packed, and arranged for a moving company to come and move all their things on the week after the weddings, to their new homes that waited for them on the West Coast. Although since Evelyn didn’t plan on selling her property or cabin, she only took the items she absolutely needed, and kept everything else there, deciding that there would be plenty of time for her to choose and decorate the cottage she was moving to with new furnishings.
Evelyn and Megan went out shopping together, and helped one another choose dresses for the dual weddings they had planned. Megan chose a traditional bridal gown, and Evelyn, not wanting anything fancy, went with a more simple formal dress.
In no time at all, the day of the weddings had finally come. The ceremonies were held out on Evelyn’s property. Megan and Curt exchanged vows in the field of wildflowers next to the clear waters. The roar from the cascading waterfall that plummeted down from a hundred feet up could be heard in the background. Tommy stood in as best man and was positively beaming, looking very handsome and grown up in his tuxedo. Evelyn and Megan’s dad, who were already married and had just finished saying their own vows, looked on happily as Curt and Megan were pronounced husband and wife.
The day couldn’t have been prettier. The wildflowers were in full bloom and the grass as green as emeralds. A slight breeze was in the air, causing some of the flowers to lose their lovely petals and drift across the lush meadow, while other colorful petals gently came to rest on the surface of the deep blue water.
EPILOGUE
FOURTEEN YEARS LATER
The wipers swished back and forth at a frantic pace across the front windshield. Deep forest and tall, steep mountains flanked both sides of the two lane highway. The front headlights of the truck illuminated the way through the dense darkness. Thick white fog made its presence known like a ghost in the night, and billowed above the mountaintops, giving the wilderness an eerie resemblance to a scene depicted right out of one of those mystery segments on TV that delved into the supernatural.
Tommy had traveled this lonesome stretch of highway that cut through this isolated wilderness many times before, but this time he wasn’t paying attention to the wafting, curling tendrils of fog that wound their way through the mountains, or the full moon that glowed from above and looked like a big round yellow ball in the sky. His only thought was getting to his destination. He’d been driving all night since he’d gotten the call from his dad.
Road spray from the occasional oncoming traffic sloshed bucketfuls of water across the windshield of his truck. White sheets of rain coming down were illuminated in the beams from the headlights. A lump that he couldn’t swallow had formed in the back of his throat. Tommy gripped the steering wheel tighter than necessary, and tears he wasn’t yet aware of burned the back of his eyes. The drive there, rain, even the road – none of it seemed real, but rather felt like it was happening to someone else, and he was just a distant spectator watching, and was unable to accept what was happening, what he was being inexorably brought closer to with every turn the wheels made against the pavement.
A chill that was much colder than the driving rain had taken up residence in his soul, and he had to fight with himself not to turn back and forget this horrible night. His throat constricted as he pulled off the highway and down the drive that led to his grandma’s cabin.
Tommy caught sight of the log structure through the darkness and driving rain. The two dark figures that he recognized as Megan and his dad were standing outside waiting for him. After putting the truck in park and shutting off the engine, Tommy unlatched his seatbelt and was about to reach for the door handle, when he was paralyzed by a feeling of fear. His arms and legs felt stiff and wooden, and it took all his willpower to reach for the door handle. Unlike driving there, this was the final moment and he wasn’t ready for it. When Tommy stepped out from the truck, he was immediately hit with a cold gust of wind and stinging rain.
Curt walked up to meet him while Megan stayed back closer to the cabin. His chest tightened as he watched his father approach.
“I got here as quick as I could…” Tommy began, but trailed off when he realized that for the second time in his life he was hearing the man who had always managed to remain so strong and stoic, cry. The only other time he’d seen his dad in tears was the day he’d told him the truth about Joanie, his birth mother.
Shaking his head, Curt looked down at his feet and said, “Son, I’m sorry.” He paused to wipe at his eyes with the back of his hand. “She wasn’t alone –”
“But I never got a chance to say goodbye,” said Tommy hoarsely.
“Her last words were to tell you that she loved you. Megan and I were there with her, holding her hand the whole time.” He broke off just long enough to draw a sharp intake of air, then continued,  “I think she somehow had a sense that this would be the last summer she spent here, because lately she’d been talking about my dad and your grandpa more than usual, and asked Megan and me to drive her out here earlier in the year while it was still spring.”
“Why didn’t you call me, say something to me? I would have come out sooner.”
“It was just a feeling and we didn’t want to worry you during your last few months of law school. The ambulance is on its way but there’s still time if you want to see her.”
Unable to form further words, Tommy nodded and started up toward the cabin.
Megan followed him inside, and said, “She’s in her room.” She patted his back. “I know how hard this must be for you, and how much she meant to you. We all loved her.”
Forcing back his sobs, Tommy only nodded.
Sensing that he wanted to be alone, she said, “Your dad and I will be outside on the porch if you need us.”
He went down the hall, and braced himself before entering the room. He wasn’t even aware that he’d been holding his breath until he stepped across the threshold, and saw his grandma. Only the body that was hers no longer looked like her, but was different somehow. Without the life that had inhabited it, there was nothing left but an empty shell. The sight was such a shock to his system that for a moment he thought he might be sick. Someone who he thought could never die had slipped away during the last few minutes of his drive there. Of course he knew this wasn’t rational, because eventually everything that lived died. Still, until then, he’d taken it for granted that his grandmother who had always been a constant in his life would continue to be there.
Lowering himself down on the chair next to the bed, Tommy stared at her, and through his tears said, “I wanted to tell you that I –” A sob lodged in his throat making it impossible to speak. Finding his voice, he said, “I passed the bar. I’m going to start working with Dad at the firm.” He looked up to the ceiling in an effort to regain some control over the swell of emotions that threatened to overwhelm him. In his mind, Tommy could hear his grandmother’s voice and the words she’d spoken a few years back on the day Megan’s dad passed away. It was those words that came back to him now.
Life’s about change, and eventually we all have to say goodbye to those we love…
Tommy lowered his gaze back to the bed where his grandma lay, and said, “I met a real nice girl. I wanted so badly for you to meet her. I think she’s the one. I’m gonna ask her to marry me, I have the ring picked out and everything.” He straightened back in his seat and wiped uselessly at his tears, then covering his face in his hands, Tommy hunched forward and crumpled into broken sobs. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here to say goodbye, Grandma, I’m so, so sorry…”
The funeral was held a week later. Most of the town was in attendance and stood with Curt, Megan, and Tommy in the open field of wildflowers next to the crashing water of The Falls. The sky was steel gray and a brisk wind swept across the mourners. When the service ended, people gathered back at the cabin where Megan had put together a variety of dishes. Throughout the service and afterward, Tommy remained stony-faced, and was scarcely aware of the people who came up to him, Megan, and his dad to give their condolences. Later that evening, long after everyone had left, Tommy walked down to The Falls where the three of them had scattered Evelyn’s ashes, as was her request. He stood near the waterfall, and was so close that he could feel the icy mist that came off of it. Crimson, purple, and shades of pink slashed across the darkening sky overhead, as the sun, a deep blood red, sank low behind the tall mountains in the distance, and was soon replaced with a crescent half moon that illuminated the sparkling blue expanse of water in shifting shadowy light. For a brief moment, Tommy thought he was seeing something more.
His gaze followed the sinuous form that moved swiftly just beneath the  surface, creating large ripples in its wake, and he was reminded of the stories his grandma used to tell him about the magic of the waters here at The Falls, and the mythical creatures that came alive and were so real to him as a child. Whatever it was that had captured his attention quickly disappeared into the deeper, darker part of the lake. As his gaze wandered across the shifting, gently tossing waves, Tommy thought back on all the summers spent there. Images of his grandma flashed through his mind like a million snapshots of precious memories he’d forever cherish. It was then that Tommy took out the neatly folded envelope he’d brought with him. The letter it contained was dated six months ago. Until now he hadn’t bothered to read it, and had initially debated on throwing it away, but something prevented him from doing that. He’d taken it along but didn’t really know why he even bothered with it, especially since its author couldn’t even be bothered with being a mother.
The address in the upper left corner showed the letter came from Spokane, Washington. When Tommy turned eighteen, his dad had told him about Joanie, her ongoing affair, the abortion, the lies, and how she deceived him into believing that the baby she’d been pregnant with was his, when in fact it was her lover’s, Patrick’s, someone his dad had thought was a friend, who had lived practically next door to them for years. Tommy hated both Patrick and Joanie. He also knew about how Joanie threatened to use him as a pawn in the divorce proceedings, and that she ultimately gave up all parental rights in exchange for a large sum of money.
The only real memories Tommy had of her were of a cold distant woman, who was almost always absent in every aspect of his childhood, until finally one day she disappeared out of his life altogether. Whereas his dad, despite having to put long hours in at the office, always managed to make time for him. During the occasions that his dad did have to be away on business, Megan’s constant presence and love was a comfort to him. Never having been able to conceive a child of her own, Megan took on the role of mother early on and treated Tommy like a son. He wasn’t sure whether it was a deep-seated need for closure, or simple curiosity that caused him to tear open the envelope and read the letter, but whatever it was, now seemed to be the right time to read it. Pale light spilled down from the moon and illuminated the words scrawled across the white stationery.
Dear Tommy,
I’ve made a lot of mistakes and I’m not proud of my choices, especially when it came to you. I wasn’t much of a mother and for that I’m truly sorry. I can only imagine, and often wonder what you look like, and how your life has turned out. I’m sure you’ve grown up into a fine young man, no doubt handsome like your father.
Your father was a good man who didn’t deserve even half of what I put him through, but my biggest regret has always been leaving you. Throughout the years I’ve made wise investments and in doing so have tripled my money, and am now a very wealthy woman. I have materially what I’ve always wanted, and at one time would have killed to get. Oddly enough though, now that I have it, I would gladly trade it all in to have everything go back to when you were still a child, and your father and I were still married.
If I could do things over again, I would be a doting mother to you, and the wife your father deserved. There isn’t a day that passes when I don’t think of it, and wonder what could have been, if only I’d made different choices.
I thought about contacting you sooner, but was always too ashamed. What’s done can’t be undone, I know that, but I had to reach out to you before it’s too late. I did a lot of traveling but for the past seven years I’ve been living in Spokane, Washington. I live alone in a big house up on Five Mile Prairie, with the exception of the hired help, of course. The scenery is beautiful. From the vantage point of my bedroom window I can stare out at the entire city of Spokane. When I’m gone, my house and the land it sits on, along with the small fortune I’ve acquired, will be yours to do with as you like.
Unfortunately, when you’re ill and restricted to bed rest for the last remaining days or weeks of your life, as I am now, there’s an endless amount of time for regrets and self loathing. Both of which I’ve become very good at. I have no visitors, only the housekeeper who brings me all my meals, and a beautician who arrives promptly each morning at ten to do my makeup and style my hair. This daily care I take with my appearance might seem silly to some, but for me it’s vital. No matter how small or trivial it might seem, it gives me something each day to look forward to, and allows me the illusion of having somewhere important to be, and of having someone to look pretty for again, other than my doctor who comes to call on me regularly. Although I don’t think he notices. Ha! At least I’ve proven to myself that even now, I’m still capable of making a joke, even if it is at my own expense.
I don’t want or expect your sympathy. What I do want, is to see you one last time and ask your forgiveness before I die. It seems all the mistakes I’ve made have come back to haunt me. As the doctor explained it to me, years ago I contracted a virus that attacks the immune system. I so badly wanted to come back into your life, but guilt for all the wrong I’ve done stopped me. I’m sure that by now you already know what transpired between your father and me, so there’s no need for me to be anything but candid. In these last few days, weeks or hours of my life, whatever it might be, I see no reason to try to hide anything from you.
I left your father for a man who ultimately was the cause of my illness and fast approaching death. Patrick passed away a few years back from the very disease he’s given to me. I know this, because when I discovered I was dying I went in search of Patrick to confront him, but it was too late. He was already dead, passed away from the very thing I now have. The child we had together, your half-brother, also died. I was told he only lived to eight months of age before dying from SIDS.
I’m ashamed to admit that afterward I got very drunk, and came to see your father one last time. Of course I could see that while my life had fallen apart, his was going rather nicely. I don’t quite know what had come over me, whether it be jealousy, rage or a little of both. Because in that moment, all I wanted to do was destroy your father, infect him with the same silent killer that lived inside of me.
Thankfully he wouldn’t have me. Now that you know this, you must feel shocked, even repulsed by what you just read, to discover what a hideous monster your mother truly is. If you do, it’s all right. I’ve long since thought of myself the same and worse.
I heard that when Patrick died, he was alone. I can’t think of anything more terrifying than that. All I ask is to see you before I die. My doctor says I don’t have much time left. I find the simplest tasks exhaust me. Even the effort of writing this letter is difficult. Please come see me at the address below. I sincerely hope you’ll come to a decision before too much time passes.
Joanie
Tommy refolded the letter, slipped it in the envelope then stuffed it back inside his pocket. Fresh tears sprang to his eyes and he wasn’t sure whether it was for the mother he would never know, or the grandmother he’d only just lost. Perhaps it was a little bit of both.
If he’d opened the letter sooner would he have made the few hours’ drive to Spokane to see his birth mother, who abandoned him? Would he have granted her absolution as was her dying wish? Perhaps, but he didn’t really know, and probably never would. That was a question that would remain unanswered. Tommy couldn’t help but feel a certain amount of sympathy for the lonely dying woman who penned the letter he’d just read, and who never got the forgiveness she asked for, but instead suffered and died alone. If there were such a thing as paying for one’s sins, Joanie surely paid for hers. He could continue spending the rest of his life hating her, but after reading her last words, he no longer saw the point. He spent his life surrounded by people he loved, and who also loved him. In the end it was Joanie who lost and suffered the most. The woman who wrote this letter, a virtual stranger who had done more bad in her life than good, was an unhappy, tortured person inside. Anyone who brought so much hurt to others would have to be. Someone who for unknown reasons couldn’t or wouldn’t allow happiness and love to enter her life, and so remained alone right to the end.
Tommy’s thoughts about Joanie were interrupted by the sound of approaching footsteps from behind.
Curt came to stand beside him, and clapped him on the shoulder. “A penny for your thoughts?”
Tommy focused his gaze back out to the ever moving blanket of water that glimmered beneath the moonlight. “Just thinking about Grandma.”
Curt turned his attention to the lake and said, “Yeah? Me too.”
Father and son stood there side by side for a few minutes in silence, before Curt handed a heavy book bound in red covering to Tommy, who held the book in his hands and studied it for a moment. The title in gold lettering read, The Beast of Rogue. A lump lodged in his throat, making it impossible to speak. When he did find his voice, he saw that his father was already starting back to the cabin.
“Dad?”
“Yeah?” Curt stopped walking and turned around.
Walking toward him, Tommy reached into his pocket and pulled out the envelope containing the letter, and after handing it to him, said, “I’ve had this for six months now. I’ve held onto it for a long time without opening it. I read it tonight for the first time. Thought you might want to read it for yourself.”
Casting a look down at the sender’s name on the envelope, Curt couldn’t hide his astonishment as he said, “This is from your mo –”
Seeing the questions in his father’s eyes, and cutting him off before he could say it, with conviction, Tommy said, “Joanie. It’s from Joanie.” Because even then he couldn’t bear to think of the woman who had rejected and abandoned him as a mother, much less his.
Understanding this, Curt glanced one more time at the letter then at Tommy, and said, “Would you like to walk back with me?”
“You go ahead. I think I’ll stay out here a little while longer,” said Tommy, turning his gaze back toward the moving waters.
“There’s supper waiting for you when you do decide to come back.” Curt cast one last concerned glance in his son’s direction before walking back toward the cabin with the letter in hand.
“Dad?”
“Yeah.” Curt paused.
Without taking his gaze from the water, Tommy said, “Whatever you decide to do with the letter, whether you read it or not, don’t give it back to me. I never want to see it again.”
“Okay, son.” Curt gave one last hesitant look back then continued on to the cabin.
Wondering over the contents of the letter, he stepped through the front door where Megan drew him into a hug, then the two of them sat down near the fire, where Curt took out the letter and showed it to her. The two of them then read it together.
Afterward, Megan said, “The things Joanie put in this, admitting to hoping you would sleep with her so she could spread the virus to you is –”
“Horrible?” offered Curt.
“Yes, it’s that and more. I don’t even know if I could find the right words for what she tried to do. And then to admit something like that to her own son. Dying or not, that was a terrible thing to write, to burden Tommy with that knowledge,” said Megan.
“Well, that’s Joanie for you. Forever thinking only of herself right down to the end. Although I do have to admit, finding that out shocked me as well. It was so long ago that I forgot until now, but reading this reminds me. Right after meeting and falling in love with you, I got home to find Joanie waiting there for me. She found the key to the house and let herself in,” said Curt.
“Why didn’t you ever mention any of this to me before?”
“Because by then, you and I were already a couple, and Joanie was in my past, something I wanted to forget. And I did. I put that night and her visit out of my thoughts,” said Curt.
“What did she want?”
“Joanie was drunk. She reeked of the stuff. Not much of what she said that night made sense. I mean, I knew she was unhappy, possibly even upset to the point of being irrational but I didn’t know why. She tried to seduce me into bed with her one last time, said she’d just received life-changing news, and wanted to celebrate it with me. Of course for years I never knew what that life-changing news was and I didn’t care. I ordered her out of the house, and that was the last time I saw or heard from her, until this,” said Curt, indicating the letter.
Wrapping her arms around him, Megan pressed her face against his shoulder, and said, “It’s so awful to think that she could have killed you.”
“She wouldn’t have, because by then I’d already fallen in love with you, and was completely done with her,” said Curt.
Megan sat up from where she rested on his shoulder, and said, “Poor Tommy. Maybe I should go out and talk to him.”
“Leave him be for now. I was just out there, and he seemed to want to be alone. There’s always time later for you to talk to him if you want,” said Curt.
Getting up, Megan placed a hand on his shoulder and said, “You’re right. I just hate to know he’s hurting. I can only imagine how a letter like this made him feel, especially on a night like this.”
“Joanie always did have impeccable timing,” said Curt drily.
Leaning down to place a kiss on the side of his face, Megan said, “I’m going to be in the kitchen cleaning up. When I’m done I’ll fix us both a drink.”
Curt patted her hand and said, “Sounds good.” He then waited until she had left the room before crumpling up the letter and throwing it into the fire. Tears filled his eyes and an unexpected wave of emotion washed over him.
Was there a part of him that still had feelings for Joanie in some way? No, he decided not. His love was for Megan, not Joanie. He’d stopped loving Joanie a long time ago. What he felt for her instead was a certain kind of pity, and regret for the woman she was, and always had been.
A woman who destroyed everything good she ever had in life, and then ultimately even destroyed herself. Her last days were spent alone, and her dying wish to see the son she abandoned was unfulfilled. Along with the grief he was experiencing from the loss of his mother, learning about Joanie’s death also saddened Curt in a way he couldn’t explain or understand. But it was Tommy for whom he felt the most sadness. Although he’d never mentioned wanting to see Joanie, Curt imagined that learning she was already dead closed a door that Tommy may not have been prepared to close. No matter what Tommy might say, Curt was certain that finding out his mother had passed, right after losing his grandmother, had to come as a shock to him.
Curt looked up from the fire and the letter that had already turned to ashes to see Megan returning with the promised drinks. Every time he looked at her was a reminder of how much he loved her, and tonight was no exception. He often wondered how he’d ever made it all those years without her. She was so different from Joanie, with her there were no lies, only honesty.
Megan sat down next to him and he wrapped an arm around her, finding solace in her nearness. The two of them sipped from their cups in silence and watched the fire burn in the grate.
Tommy’s gaze went to the rushing fall of water, and the cavernous mouth of the cave that remained partially hidden behind it. Remembering more about his grandma, he thought back on all the stories she used to tell him about Clementine, Rogue, and The Falls and the purported magic it held. He walked closer to the edge of the lake and watched the plummeting water drop into the bubbling depths of the deep swirling pool. It was then that the sensation of being watched came over him. His gaze traveled from the expanse of rippling water to the large animal that appeared from the blackness of the cavern. Its body was barely visible behind the sheet of water, save for its piercing lilac eyes that glowed back at him through the falling water. The beast, that up until then had remained obscured by shadows, burst through the large curtain of water, its muscles rippled beneath a dense coat of fur that shimmered and shone like sparkling silver under the moonlight.
He watched in amazed silence as the impossibly large wolf leaped across the water and landed on the solid ground of the meadow. Its lilac eyes shone brightly then from the darkness of the forest, and as the large animal paused to stare at him, there was a depth of understanding in the creature’s gaze, almost as if it too sensed and could feel the sadness and loss he was experiencing. Unsure of what he was seeing, Tommy blinked his eyes, but when he looked again the wolf had already vanished.
In a shaky whisper to himself, he said, “The Beast of Rogue…”
It was then that the forest came alive with echoes from the past, punctuated by a low mournful howl.
Books by Autumn Russell
FATAL OBSESSION
A WALK AROUND AUDUBON
THE BEAST OF ROGUE
LOST SOULS
THE QUEEN UNMASKED
WHERE THE WILD ROSES GROW COMING SPRING 2018
ABOUT THE AUtHOR
Autumn Russell is the author of FATAL OBSESSION, A WALK AROUND AUDUBON, THE BEAST OF ROGUE and LOST SOULS. She lives in the Pacific Northwest with her family where she’s busy writing her next novel.
