The New Beginning
Challenges
By
Steve Wharton

SMASHWORDS EDITION

*****

Published by:
 Steve Wharton on Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Steve Wharton

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own free copy.


This book is a work of fiction and any resemblances to persons, living or dead, or places events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. 




CHAPTER ONE
Ben was making his weekly trip to the assayers office and then to the bank to deposit the proceeds from the mining operation. As he was walking into the assayer’s office he noticed a pretty little redhead standing off to the corner of the office complex. Ben thought she has a familiar look about her. Reminds me of someone I once knew. Ben gave her a nod of his head and went inside.
“Hi Jim how is it going today?”
“Not to bad really Ben, How much have you got this week?”
Ben pulled out 3 bags from his jacket and laid them on the counter. “I would say close to two pounds, maybe a little more.”
“Well let’s have a look.” Jim said
Jim opened the bags and poured the gold into a small bucket. He weighed three different times. The bucket held one troy pound of gold, two full buckets and half of another.
“Not bad two and a half troy pounds. Today’s price for gold is $1459.76 per ounce, so we multiply that times thirty ounces and we come up with $43,792.80. Nice chunk of change.”
“It comes in handy; you know we just opened the lodge here in Asheville. Hopefully it will be doing good this winter.”
“I saw that it opened, it’s a private resort isn’t it?”
“That’s right it is, exclusive place all included resort.”
“Well you take care and have a good day, Hope to see you again next week.”
“You have a good one too Jim.”
Ben left the assayer’s office and looked to see if the redhead was still there but she was gone. Ben got in his car and drove two blocks to the bank. He deposited the assayer’s check and headed back home. A couple of times Ben got the feeling that he was being followed but couldn’t pick out any cars or trucks that had been behind hem for any amount of time.
When Ben arrived back home he went right to Jacob’s house and knocked on the door. Dawn answered and let Ben in “He’s in the office, Ben.”
Ben went right into the office and said, “Here is today’s deposit, made almost 44 thousand today.”
“You guys are doing a great job up there Ben, How is everyone holding up?”
“Everyone is doing fine we have enough people volunteering so no one is getting burned out on working up there.”
There was a knock on the door and Ben turned around to see the redhead he had seen in Asheville. “Excuse me, but the lady told me I could find Ben Johnson here.”
“That’s me how can I help you?” Ben said.
“I know this is going to sound weird but my name is Kelly Johnson and I’m you sister.”
“I’m sorry miss but you must be mistaken, I don’t have a sister.”
“Are you the son of Peter and Trudy Johnson from Illinois?”
“Yes I am.”
“Then I’m your sister. I know this is a shock, is there somewhere we can sit and talk?”
“Ben use the conference room.”
Ben and Kelly went downstairs to the conference room and had seats. “I know this is really a shock, I’m two years older then you, Mom and Dad gave me up for adoption right after I was born, I just recently found out about you. I thought I would come and meet you and get to know you.”
“I don’t understand, my Mom and dad never told me I had a sister.”
“I don’t really know what happened, I was a year old when they put me up for adoption, I never knew why it happened. My adoptive parents never knew either of they never told me anyway.”
Ben looked for the typical clues that a human was not telling the truth, it is much easier to tell when a Lycan is lying. Ben also was not picking up the scent of a Lycan from Kelly. “How did you find me?”
“When I found out who my real parents were I was able to trace them to Illinois, I found out that they had a son. I also found out that they both had died several years ago. Some one said that they heard you had moved here.”
“What do you know about mom and dad?”
“Really not much other than what I told you.”
I don’t know what I can add to fill in any pieces for you. Like I said I didn’t know I had a sister.”
“Well I hope you can help me with some medical history, I’ve bee getting sick on a monthly basis and it always seems to happen around the full moon. One of my friends said I must be a werewolf. Isn’t that a funny story?”
Ben’s heart almost jumped down his throat. She didn’t know that he was a werewolf and it sounded to him like she was getting ready for the changing. He would need to consult Jacob, Gail and Becky.
“Stranger things have happened; you are looking tired would you like to lie down for a while?” Ben replied.
“I would love to lie down for a while.”
“Let me take you to my house and you can stay in the spare room.”
They left Jacob and Dawn’s house and headed to Ben’s house. They were talking and laughing as they walked to Ben’s house.
Sally came around the block and saw Ben with some cute redhead, her heart fell, and her inner wolf didn’t like Ben being with another woman. She had to fight to keep her inner wolf under control. Ben spotted her and yelled, “Sally come here quick I want to introduce you to someone.”
The nerve of him sally thought. The last thing she wanted was to be introduced to her competition. She strolled over to them taking her time. She could see that he was getting a little agitated with her slowness. When she finally got to them Ben said, “Sally I want you to meet my sister Kelly.”
Sally perked up right away feeling like a child for getting upset with Ben before he even had a chance to explain.  “I didn’t know that you had a sister.”
“Neither did I until earlier today.”
“We’re headed to my place to let her get some rest.”
“Ok cool do you mind if I tag along?”
“Not at all” said Kelly.
When they arrived at Ben’s house he gave Kelly a tour and showed her where she could lay down, Ben offered Kelly something to eat but she declined and told Sally and Ben she would like to woken in a couple of hours. Ben said, “I’ll make sure your awake. If you wake sooner I may not be here, I have some business to take care of but I should be back in plenty of time to make sure your awake.”
After making sure Kelly had everything she needed Ben and Sally headed to Jacob’s. “Ben how come you didn’t know about her? Are you sure she is your sister?”
“I would have to say she is, I couldn’t sense she was lying to me about what she was telling me. She is a couple of years older the me and she was given up for adoption before I was born. I guess my mom and dad didn’t want me to know about her.”
“Is she going to stay here?
“I don’t know, I need to talk to Jacob, Gail and Becky, I think she may be starting to go thru the changing. It’s a little late in life foe that but based on what she told me it sure sounds like it. She also isn’t aware that I’m a werewolf.”
“This could be a problem for you and the pack.”
“I know that’s why I want to talk to them.”
When they got to Jacob’s they went in and Ben told Jacob what his sister had told him and his concern about the changing.
“If she is going thru the changing she is going to need all the support we can give her. Normally this happens earlier in life. With it happening this late in life is going to be real hard on her.” Jacob said.
“I not sure she has any knowledge that we are Lycans either.” Ben said.
I think we need to get Becky and Gail to come over here and find out everything we can.” Jacob said.
CHAPTER TWO
Kelly woke and went downstairs and could not find Ben. She guessed that he was doing whatever he had told her why he might be gone. She was excited about finding Ben, the thought of having a brother made her happy. She had so much she wanted to learn about her mom and dad and about Ben.
She thought she would go for a walk around the neighborhood and see how things were around here. Kelly headed out and walked around and was taking in all the sight’s of the neighborhood. She thought that they have everything here. It was almost like a city inside a city. She was walking near the tree line and she spotted the sign saying the name of a waling path. 
She decided to walk on the path for a while she loved to walk and she love nature, maybe she could see some of the naïve birds or other animals. She had been on the path for half an hour and decided she would head back to Ben’s house. She was getting hungry and hoped that Ben would have something good to eat at the house. She headed back to the house when she heard a noise behind her. She turned to see what it was but didn’t see anything.
Kelly started the walk back again and she heard the noise again, she turned and caught a glimpse of what looked like a large brown dog. She tried to coax the dog out saying, “Come here boy, you look lost.”
She guessed someone’s dog had gotten loose and was out here in the woods wandering around. She got another glimpse of the dog and she saw the size of it, she thought it was large for a dog. She tried to coax it out again “Come on boy come here.” The dog stepped out and she saw it wasn’t a dog but a wolf. She changed her attempt to coax it out to one of fear and telling it to go away. She slowly backed away and the wolf moved closer to her. She screamed and turned and starting to run back to Ben’s house. She glanced over her shoulder and saw the wolf was trotting after her. It wasn’t gaining on her but wasn’t falling further behind.
She cleared the tree line and could see other people at the park and figured she should go there and warn the people about the wolf. The people at the park were wondering what the woman was doing screaming about a wolf. 
Gail was at the park sitting on one of the benches and heard Kelly screaming and was close to her. She stood and stopped Kelly.
“Sweetie what’s wrong?” Gail asked.
There was a wolf following me.” She said gasping for air from running as fast as she could.
Gail sensed right away that she wasn’t a were and tried to calm her down. “Miss we see them around here all the time, they don’t bother us and we don’t bother them.”
Jacob and Ben came running out of the house when they heard the screaming. They say Gail talking with Kelly. They made it to them and asked what had happened. “This young lady saw a wolf out in the woods and it scared her and she ran here screaming. Does anyone know who she is?”
She’s my sister.” Ben said.
“Is she a ……”
“No” Ben interrupted Gail.
“Gail bring Kelly and let’s go back to my place.” Jacob said.
They all went to Jacob’s house and sat in the living room, Dawn and Sally brought out some tea and offered sandwiches to anyone that wanted one.
“I think we all need to talk.” Jacob commented.
“Kelly you said you have been getting sick and that’s why you searched me out. When is the sickness happening?” asked Ben.
“I’ve been getting it once a month for the last six or seven months. It starts a few days before the full moon and stops right after the full moon passes. If you remember Ben I told you one of my girlfriends joked about me turning into a werewolf. Anyway the doctors can’t find anything wrong but they say I have some strange DNA in my blood.”
“I think you need to tell her Ben.” Jacob said
“Tell me what?” Kelly asked.
“I guess the direct approach is the best way, so here goes and Kelly sit there and listed and please don’t interrupt. The sickness you are having is called the changing. It happens to all of us. Usually it happens a little earlier in life, but none the less it is happening.”
“What is happening, you’re starting to scare me.”
“Like I said what is happening to you is called the changing. You see Kelly mom and dad were both werewolf’s, and before you ask no I’m not crazy. Kelly I am a werewolf too, actually we are called Lycans not werewolves. Lycans have the ability to shift back and forth at any time but the urge to shift is strongest around the full moon and we are able to control our inner wolf.”
“Your crazy I’m not a werewolf, the don’t exist.”
“Ben go ahead and prove it to her.” Jacob said.
A shimmer appeared around Ben and he shifted to his wolf form, A beautiful Chocolate brown wolf appeared, Ben’s wolf walked over to Kelly and nudged her with his snout. Kelly pulled away afraid that the wolf might bite her.
“Kelly it’s ok that is Ben and he wants you to pet him.” Said Sandy.
“How did he do that, that’s not Ben it must be some kind of trick.”
“Honestly Kelly that is Ben, here watch me.” Sandy had the same shimmer around her and she changed into her wolf. Sandy was a snow white wolf, she walked over to Ben and Kelly and nudged Kelly the she nudged Ben. She nipped at Ben and gave hip a lick on the nose. Ben’s wolf returned the favor, and Ben’s wolf could feel the urge to run off with Sally and have some fun.
Ben and Sally changed back to their human form. Kelly sat there shocked at what she had just witnessed. She didn’t believe in werewolves but she just saw with her own eyes that they do indeed exist.
“If what you say is true why am I not a werewolf?”
“That’s what we are trying to tell you Kelly, you are a Lycan. Your body is just now going thru the changing. That is where the Lycan DNA starts to take over from the human DNA. Normally it takes place in the late teens but my guess is because you haven’t been around any Lycans before it was delayed in starting.” Jacob said.
“I don’t believe any of this.” Kelly got up and ran out the door. She headed to the south west side of the territory and into the woods. Ben ran out and started to chase her but Gail hollered at him and he stopped. “Let her go Ben, you can track her. She has a lot to process. You just dropped a ton on her.”
“I know I did but she needs the pack now not just me, she can’t go thru this alone. I’ve spent all my life as an only child and now I find out I have a sister and I want to be there for her.”
“Ben I understand that but know this my spirit guide is with her, my guide will protect her.” Gail said.
Sally had reached the back fence and her chest was heaving badly trying to catch her breath from running all the way here. She watched the trail behind her and she didn’t or hear anyone following her. She rested for a while ready to take off again if needed.
*****
The man watched as the female ran up to the fence and stopped. She seemed to be watching where she had come from. She was panting heavily trying to catch her breath. He was stunned at the beauty of the female. Her long red hair though messy from running was stunning. She would make a wonderful addition to his brood.
As he watched her she seemed to be afraid of something. She was looking for something but he had no idea what. She kept looking back the way she came like she was waiting for someone to come up the trail. She started moving north along the fence, if she kept along this course she would come too the cave that was another thousand yards in front of her. She was moving at a quick pace and she would come upon the cave in about half an hour at the pace she was moving at.
He had not been in the cave for years. It was the escape from his house. The last time he was in it was forty or fifty years ago. In fact he hadn’t been in it since the human who owned the property had shot at him one time for trespassing. He decided to follow her along the path she was taking and he might get a chance to talk to her.
She finally came to the cave, she had almost missed it, as it was partially covered in overgrown brush. She didn’t have a flashlight and it appeared as though she didn’t want to go in without having a light to see with. He knew she wasn’t a vampire or he would have sensed that. She didn’t have the smell of a Lycan either, he knew there were a lot of Lycans down the foothill so he deducted she was a human. He would wait and watch her for a while longer and if no one came after her he would move in on her. 
An hour had passed and she stayed close to the cave. He guessed she would use the cave as a shelter if someone followed her. She was finally starting to relax. He would watch over her tonight and if she was still here in the morning he would move in on her.
CHAPTER THREE
Early the next morning Ben and Sally changed into their wolf forms and started to track Kelly. Ben was worried about her she spent the night somewhere out in the pack’s territory. She was all alone and confused about what she had seen yesterday. They headed for the trail that Kelly took and Ben picked up here scent right away. By the time they reached the top of the foothill daylight was breaking. They had been tracking her scent for just over an hour; she had stopped at this spot and rested for a while. She then moved to the north. They followed her scent and found the cave. Ben entered the cave and picked up Kelly’s scent and the sent of a stranger. He didn’t like the strangers scent. There was something that was odd about it, he left the cave and Sally was sniffing about ten yards from the mouth of the cave. Ben walked towards and he still smelled the odd scent, Ben followed the scents and saw that they went up the foothill to another level spot.
Ben easily leaped the fence and followed the two scents. He had a bad feeling about this and his wolf was uneasy about the scents. Ben reached the top of the foothill and saw two sets of foot prints in the soft dirt. He shifted to his human form and closely examined the footprints. One set was Kelly’s and the other was the unknown man’s. When Sally reached Ben she shifted to her human form. Ben explained the scent and the foot prints.
“I’m really getting worried” Ben said.
“Where do you think she is going?”
“I really don’t know the closest house is a couple of miles that way,” said Ben pointing to the west. But the prints and scent of the man bother me. His scent is different, I’ve never smelled anything like it and the prints are almost like he doesn’t weigh much or is very light on his feet. I’m going to keep tracking them, you go back and let Jacob know what we found up here.”
“I think we should stay together, I have a bad feeling about this.” Sally said.
“No go let Jacob know tell him we need some more people up here. Follow the scents until you find me.”
“OK but just be careful, we don’t know what we are facing, I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Ben grabbed Sally and pulled her close to him, he pressed his lips onto hers and kissed her deeply, he released her and said, “Now go and get Jacob and some more help.” 
Sally changed back to her wolf and didn’t bother taking the trail, she was taking the most direct route back to Jacob.
Ben shifted back to his wolf form and started tracking the scent, the smell was easy to follow and he made good time following them. Ben had covered almost a mile when he saw the tracks stopped and it looked like they took a short break there. Ben pushed on and found the footprints were almost non existent but the scent was good and strong.
Off in the distance Ben spotted a house and it seem like the scent and tracks were headed that way. Ben slowed his pace not wanting to alert whoever was in the house to his presence. He reached the house and got to the walls, he found that the windows were easy to see in, which meant that they were easy to see out of as well. Ben made himself as flat as he could and slid along the house and started checking the windows. When Ben reached fifth window he saw Kelly and she was tied to a chair, she didn’t look like she was there by her own free will. Ben saw the door start to open and he kept as still as possible while looking in the window. He watched the man bring some food and water and he slowly fed Kelly, She resisted him as much as but she was tied too tight.
Ben moved around the house checking windows and he saw a few more people in the house. He made his way back to the window the he saw Kelly in and she was alone again He had to find some way in and then get her out of there.
*****
“Young lady I’m glad to see you are calm and relaxed. I’m sorry to have to keep you tied up but I don’t want to take a chance of you hurting yourself.”
“Where am I and who are you?” Kelly asked.
“My name is Charles Alour and you are at my house. You came here with me early this morning. You were wandering around lost and cold this morning and I saw you and came to talk with you. I told you of my house and you came with me.”
“I don’t remember any of that. The last thing I remember was seeing you and then being here” Kelly said.
I have brought you here to be my mate. You will learn in time to behave yourself and accept it.”
Never and if you don’t let me go my brother will find you and hunt you down and kill you.”
“And who is your brother?”
“Ben Johnson and he lives just below the cave where you found me.”
“I didn’t know anyone lived down there anymore.”
“Well there are people living down there and one of them is my brother.”
“Well that doesn’t matter you will become my mate and be my queen.”
“Queen of what a house?”
“You will become just like me a vampire and rule my brood with me.”
“Vampire are all of you here crazy? First my brother tells me of werewolves now you tell me about vampires.”
“Werewolves, are there Lycans around here? Tell me more.”
“I’m not going to tell you anything.”
“We shall see, we shall see my dear.”
CHAPTER FOUR
Ben spotted Jacob and Sally with a group of pack members, coming across the open field. He turned and ran back to them. He told them what he saw that they needed to get Kelly out of there. Jacob told Ben to calm down a little and that they would get Kelly out. He wanted to know what they were up against. How many people and what kind of defenses they had.
Ben told Jacob that he had only seen one man and Kelly; he doubted that there were anymore people there. Jacob suggested that they try the simple approach. Just go up and knock on the door.
Ben agreed to give it a try. Maybe they could learn something. Jacob suggested that he be the one that knock on the door and that Ben watch the window where he saw Kelly.
Ben moved to the back window and looked in, he saw Kelly sitting I the chair still tied up. He heard the knock on the door, Kelly brought her head up and tried to scream but she had a gag in her mouth. Ben tried the window to see if it would open. The window moved up easily and Ben jumped up ad into the room. He untied Kelly and told her to be quiet. He helped her out the window and he followed. They took off running toward the tree line. Sally spotted the two and called all the others. They all left the house and headed back to their territory. Ben and Kelly crossed the fence and took the trail to the cave that she had spent the night in. They waited for the rest of them there. When Jacob, Sally and the rest of the rescue party arrived they all headed down to Jacob’s house. 
Jacob called ahead and told Dawn to have Becky meet them there and to have food and drinks ready for them. Jacob hung up the phone ad looked at Ben, “How did you get her out?”
I tried the window while you had the guy busy at the door and it opened, I slid I and got her out.”
“Good Job and smart thinking, no wonder I made you a Beta.” Jacob said laughing.
Kelly was shaking from the ordeal, she didn’t know what to believe ay more, werewolves and vampires, what did she get herself into?”
When they arrived back at Jacobs Dawn fed them and then Jacob asked Kelly what happened. She explained what had happened after she ran last night. She reached the cave and stopped for the night. The man showed up in the morning and started talking to her. The next thing she remembered was waking up at the house. The man rambled about making me his queen and taking care of his brood, and that he was a vampire.
The last word shut everyone up. “Did you say Vampire?” Jacob asked.
“Yes I did, this is all just crazy.”
Becky arrived and Jacob had her do a quick check of Kelly and pronounced her fine. Then Jacob asked Becky, “Is there something the can be done to stop the changing?”
“Yes but who do we want to stop?”
Ben looked at Becky and said “We want to stop Kelly. She is having the symptoms, she should have had the changing years ago but hasn’t.”
“We can stop it temporarily but only for two or three cycles. Then it will happen no matter what we do.”
“When is the next full moon cycle?” asked Jacob.
“We have 4 days until it starts.” Dawn said
“Why have I waited so long to have this changing you all are talking about?”
“My guess would be you were never around ay were’s before and not being exposed to it delayed your changing.” Ben said.
“That is a good probability.” Becky answered.
“Kelly please stay close by, I don’t want that man trying to take you again.” Ben said.
“I will I promise Ben.”
“Jacob is there anyway we can verify if that guy is a vampire?”
“Ben I almost slipped up and let him know that there were Lycans here.”
“What did you say to him?”
“I said first my brother tells me of werewolves now you tell me about vampires and I said are all you people crazy.”
“Hopefully he didn’t take it as we are the Lycans.” Jacob said.
*****
Charles was fit to be tied, “how did my future queen get away?”
The other eight vampires just stood there in silence not sure what to say. Charles moved here permanently just a few months ago. This use to be his fathers land and was left to him when his father died. He use to come up here a couple times a year because the Simpsons use to let him play in the caves. But they passed several years ago and the family put the property up for sale, evidently someone bought it.
“I’ll ask again how did she get away?”
“It looks like someone came in thru the window and got her out that way too.” Said Samuel.
“And no one could catch them?”
“By the time we noticed she was gone they were out of sight.” Replied Rhonda.
“I want her back, find out where she is and get her back. She also mentioned that there were Lycans in the area I want to know where they are. Montgomery you and Angie are the best trackers in the brood I want you two finding the them. ”
“We will do as you say.” They all replied.
Charles walked away and the remaining vampires looked at each other and they all said out loud, “is he losing his mind.”
“Does anyone have any idea where to look for this woman?” asked Montgomery.
“I would start in Reidsville, that would be the most logical place,” answered Belinda.
The eight of them headed into Reidsville hoping to get some lead on the woman. When they arrived they split up into groups of two and headed to different places. After an hour they all met back at their cars and all had one thing in common, she may be out at the old Simpson place. They have a large gated community there.
They drove to the new gated community only to find signs everywhere that said “Private Property No Trespassing.”
“Ok how do we get in?”  asked Isaiah.
“That may take a little planning.” Said Benton.
“Let’s head for home and start planning what we need to do.”
They got into their cars and drove back to the house.
*****
Montgomery and Angie set out to find the Lycans; they headed to the area where William said he found the female. They split up and Angie started down the trail and found the cave where William found the woman. She could sense that there was something around that smelled out of place. Vampires had a heightened sense awareness that made some of there normal senses sharper then that of a human. She wasn’t sure what she was smelling, but there was something other than a human. Montgomery went further to the north and found another trail that led down he came to the fence and crossed it and slowly followed the trail. He saw a large number of people coming and going from a cave. He selected a spot that he could watch from and was surprised to see one of the people shift to a wolf and head toward the community down below. He hurried back up the trail crossed the fence and found Angie coming back from the trail she took.
Montgomery asked if she found anything, and she said, “I could sense that there was something other than the human female in the area but I couldn’t tell what it was.. Did you find anything?”
“I sure did they have a cave down in the foothills and there is a lot of activity going on there, I watched for a little while and one of the people there turned into a werewolf and headed back down the into the community below. From what I could see of that place below I would say it is full of Lycans.”
“William is going to be really unhappy about that,” Angie said.
“We better go and let William know what we found.”
The two of them headed back to the brood and arrived at the same time that the others did. Montgomery and Angie told the others what they had found and the others told them that they had been able to find that the woman was most likely held up in the community as well. They went into the house and told William what they found. William instead of being mad about the information said, “Now think of it a Vampire and a Lycan mix. That would really make us powerful. We could rule a large area with the pack under our control as well.”
They broke up their little meeting and Montgomery said to Angie, I have a grand idea, I have some C-4 explosive left from the tree clearing we were doing. I’m going to rig some at the mouth of the cave the Lycans are working at and maybe flush out the woman while the Lycans are clearing the debris from the cave.”
CHAPTER FIVE
Ben went up to the mining operation to check how things were going, Larry told Ben they were still having the problems with the cave-ins and they really needed to shore up the roof and walls.
“I’ll go back down and talk with Jacob and the council we have a meeting in a little while.”
Ben came down from the cave and went to Jacob’s house. He knocked on the door and walked in. Mike, Alan, Tim, Scott and Jacob were sitting at the table going over the pack finances. 
“Ben glad you’re here pull up a chair, we are just starting to go over the finances. I was wondering if you were going to make it or not.” Jacob said.
“Sorry for being late, I was up at the cave going over a few things and the cave in problems I need to discuss with you all.”
“Well let’s get the finances knocked out and then talk about the cave.”
The four of them went over line by line on their finance report. “Not a bad ending balance don’t you think. We should be able to expand the mining operation up in the cave.” Ryan said.
“Well I don’t know about expanding the operation but  we need to do some repairs up there.” Ben said.
“What kind of repairs do we need.” Asked Mike.
“We’ve had some small cave-ins caused by the removal of the gold. We really need to do some shoring to put a stop to it.” Ben answered.
Alan asked, “Do you know how to do the shoring or will we need to contract it out?”
 “I really don’t want to contract it out, that would open the pack’s business to others. Lets see if we have anyone in the pack has any experience at doing the shoring. We have such a wide range of members we may have someone.” Jacob said.
“That’s a good idea, and then if we don’t have anyone we can contract it out.” Alan said.
“I’ll put the word out to the pack and see what we get back.” Ben said.
Ben sent a flyer out to everyone in the pack telling them what they were looking for. The first day after the fliers went out Larry Williams contacted Ben. 
“Ben, I have some experience with shoring, Back in Illinois I worked in a underground coal mine and we did a lot of repairs on the shoring. I’ve never put it in from scratch but it can’t be much different from doing repairs.”
“Ok Larry, I’ll put you on the list and get back to you.”
“Thanks Ben.”
Four more weres came forward over the next couple of days, all saying they had watched the shoring being put in but had never actually been involved in the installation or repair of it.
Ben arrived at Jacobs with Alan and Mike; they went in and met with Jacob about the cave problem. 
“Well did we have any luck?” asked Jacob.
“We had one, Larry Williams with experience working with the shoring and a few more that had watched it going in but no actual experience do it.” Ben said.
“What’s everyone’s feeling? Should we go with Larry or contract it out?” Jacob asked.
The consensus was to let Larry build the shoring in the cave. Ben received a list of material from Larry and ordered all the required lumber and hardware needed to assemble the shoring. The material arrived at the pack territory and was moved up to the cave. Construction on the shoring was set to begin the next day.
*****
That night Montgomery went back to the cave and watched a group of the Lycans go into the cave and another group come out. He snuck down and rigged up the explosive in several places and set up timers to go off at seven am. He then went back to the brood.
*****
The crew arrived at the cave early and started to move the lumber into the cave. Larry had a fifteen man crew to put in the shoring. Jacob arrived to take a look at the start of the process of installing the shoring. Larry got the prints for the shoring and laid them out on the table. He identified where the first upright was going to go, he had his crew lay out the first upright, the first cross piece and the opposite side upright, they picked up the first stretcher leg when they heard an explosion. Larry yelled to his men to move back and get down. When the dust had cleared the entrance to the cave was gone. It was completely covered by rock.
Larry looked around for his crew, he made sure that everyone was alright, he had accounted for everyone except Jacob. Larry told the crew to start looking for the Alpha. The crew started to move some of the rock that they could lift when Brian yelled at “Larry, I’ve found him.”
Larry and the remainder of the crew joined Brian and moved the rest of the rock that had covered Jacob. Larry Carefully started to check Jacob and found that he was unconscious, had a four inch gash in his head, he had at least one broken arm and could have other injuries that Larry couldn’t see. Larry had a couple of the men get some plywood and they carefully slid Jacob on it and moved him away from the debris.
*****
Ben was coming up the trail when he heard the explosion and then he saw the dust and dirt coming from the area of the cave. He ran as fast as he could the rest of the way to cave. He found the cave entrance was completely blocked with rock and boulders. Ben knew that he had sixteen of his people in the cave. He needed to get back to the pack and sound the alarm. Ben shifted to his wolf form and ran back to Jacob’s house. Ben shifted back to his human form; he didn’t even stop to knock he burst into the house and yelled for Jacob. Dawn came from the kitchen and asked what was going on. Ben told Dawn about the cave in and he needed Jacob. 
Dawn turned pale, “Ben, Jacob went to the cave this morning to see how it was going to start.”
“Oh no then he is trapped in the cave, start calling everyone I need them in the park.” Ben said.
Ben and Dawn started calling the pack members and in no time word had spread through the pack about the cave in, by the time Ben and Dawn arrived there the whole pack was assembled.
“Alright everyone if I can have your attention, you all know, that we have had a cave-in at the cave. We have seventeen members trapped inside. I need everyone we can spare to help open the cave entrance. Tammy take as many females you need to provide care for the pups. I don’t know how many are hurt at the cave, so Becky put together a triage team for care when we start getting them out. I want you up at the cave. Does anyone have any questions?  Scott, Tim, Mike and Alan start putting together teams from the pack to work around the clock until we get them out?
It took less than an hour to put the teams together, the first team headed up to the cave, when they arrived they didn’t waste any time and started right in pulling the rock and boulders that they could. Ben called Alan and told him they were going to need some equipment to dig into the rock, because most of them were too big to be moved by hand.
Alan called into Asheville and made arrangement to have two back hoes delivered later in the afternoon. He called Ben and let him know. 
The pack members didn’t stop while waiting for the equipment. Scott who took the first group of rescuers to the cave told his men to start rotating and taking breaks. He warned his men not get over heated or too worn out. Mark had volunteered to take the first shift so he could continue with his police work. Mark walked over to the big oak that they had used to move the timbers up to the cave, He noticed a plastic wrapper laying on the ground, he picked up a twig and turned the plastic over part of the plastic had burn marks on it and some of it was melted.
“Ben come over here quick.” Mark yelled.
Ben trotted to Mark, “What is it Mark?”
“I’m not sure Ben but I found this on the ground over here, from what I see on this piece of plastic, this may not have been an accident. I want to take this to my cruiser; I have a portable explosive test kit. I should be able to tell if this has any explosive residue on it.”
“Go don’t worry about anything else, I want an answer as fast as you can get one.”
Mark pulled a couple of leaves off of the trees and wrapped the plastic up in them; he put the leaves into his mouth and shifted to his wolf form. He took off running and in no time he was at his patrol car. He shifted back to his human form and opened the trunk of the car. He found the test kit and opened it up. He opened the leaves and took a pad out of the kit. He rubbed the plastic and then put it in a small open container and then took a solution from the kit. He put a few drops of the liquid on the swab and it turned it bright blue. “Damn it.” Mark said out loud.
Mark placed the plastic piece into an evidence bag and sealed it and marked it. He then locked it in the evidence box in his trunk. He shut the trunk and shifted back to his wolf form and ran back to Ben.
Mark arrived back at the cave and shifted back to human form, Ben looked at Mark and said, “That was quick, what did you find?”
“Bad news Ben, it was definitely was an explosive. Someone did this on purpose.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yea I am Ben.”
Ben picked up his phone and called Alan When Alan answered the phone Ben told him to split his people into four groups and he wanted them standing guard around the clock at the cave. Have Mike meet you, me, Tim and Scott at Jacob’s house, I’ll bring Scott down with me.
“Scott put someone in charge until we get back, Mark I want you to come with us.”
The three of them started down from the cave and met the rest at Jacob’s house. 
“Thanks for coming; I have a couple of things as the number one Beta I am going to assume the role of Alpha until we get Jacob out of the cave.” The other four Betas all nodded agreement. The next thing is Mark found some plastic near the cave, he ran some field tests and it showed explosive reside on it. So the conclusion is this was not an accident. Somebody wants the mining shut down. Alan that’s why I had you split your crew. I want everyone out of there alive guys. Mark, you are now a full fledged Lycan, I want you up there using your police training and new found senses tracking who did this.”
“Ben what do you think their chances are?” Mike asked.
“I’ll be honest I think they are Ok. There is a lot of room in there, as long as no one was badly hurt in the explosion. Now I want to get back up to the cave and see about getting our people out.”
The meeting broke up and Ben headed back to the cave. Mark headed to his police cruiser and left the pack territory and headed to his station so see a friend of his. Mike and Alan worked on getting security up for the people at the cave. The equipment arrived while they were in the meeting and by the time Ben returned to the cave the back hoes we busy removing rock.
When morning came they had removed almost a ton of rock from the mouth of the cave, they didn’t know how much more they would have to remove to get to the men trapped inside. Ben told himself that he was going to get them all out alive.
“Tim what do you think how much more do we have to remove until we reach them?” asked Ben.
“I really don’t know, I thought we were close once but we hit a bunch of smaller rocks and now we are back to the bigger ones.”
CHAPTER SIX
After Larry and the men moved Jacob away from the all the debris that was around the mouth of the cave, they started to move all the rock they could, Larry set up shifts so they could work around the clock. Larry kept checking on Jacob and as the day and nigh passed Jacob stirred a couple of times but he never regained consciousness. Larry was worried about the cut to Jacob’s head as well as the compound fracture of his arm. He hopped that Jacob would stay unconscious until they could get him out.
One of the men called to Larry to come to the rock that had closed the cave and listen. They could hear scraping thru the rock telling them a rescue was going on out side the cave. Larry told them to keep removing what rock and boulders that they could move.
Larry walked back over to Jacob and told him “They are coming to get us Jacob, just hold on.”
At lunch time Dawn, Sally and a group of females brought up lunch to the men consisting of sandwich’s, chips and drinks. The men were glad to get the food. They took breaks in shifts and ate, they were not going to stop until the got the trapped out.
Late that afternoon the men working on the outside of the cave could hear something hitting on rock. Tim yelled for Ben, and then yelled for the backhoes to shutdown. “Listen Ben we can hear something hitting on rock.”
Ben heard what sounded like metal hitting rock, “You know Tim that almost sounds like SOS.”
“That’s what I thought; we must be getting close to them.”
“Anyone in the cave, can you hear me,” Ben shouted. No answer came, “Tim get it fired back up, you have to be close.” Ordered Ben.
The backhoes started back up and went back to work pulling rock from the mouth of the cave.
Mark had been waiting while his fellow officer ran the tests on the piece he had provided. Mark stood when the other officer came out to Mark and said, “Mark where did you get this from? This is military grade C-4.”
“I found it in the foothills above my house.”
“Maybe we should send a crew up there to see if we can find any other traces of this. This piece has fresh residue on it. It was detonated recently.”
“Naw no reason to send out anyone, we heard some blasting the other day and it came from up high in the mountain.”
“Are you sure this stuff is hard to come by, you could have some crazy up there.”
“No its ok most likely one of the land owners up on the mountain clearing trees and this just blew down.”
“Ok Mark I’ll keep this under wraps unless you say different.”
“Thanks buddy I owe you one.”
Mark gathered his information and headed back to the pack. Mark was thinking about what he had just heard, military grade C-4, that could pose a problem, might be someone with a grudge or some crazy as his friend suggested. Mark would discuss it with Ben when he got back.
Ben and Tim wee talking about the cave-in and how much in stone and boulders they had already removed from the mouth of the cave, Tim guessed that they had removed almost two tons of it from the mouth, and had no real idea how much more they would have to remove to get to the people trapped. Tim and Ben heard one of the were’s call out excitedly, they ran over to the cave from their work table and asked what was going on.
Billy Timmins yelled to Tim “Looks like we broke thru over on the right side.”
Ben and Tim hurried to the spot that Billy was talking about and Tim climbed the rock and took a flashlight and shined it into the small hole “Hello in the cave, can anyone hear me?”
“Larry heard the voice and moved to the spot he heard the voice. “Yes I can hear you, this is Larry you need to hurry we have a serious injury in here.”
“Who is hurt and how bad?”
“It’s Jacob and its pretty bad a lot of blood he has been unconscious and has been since the cave in.”
“Ok Larry keep the people back from the entrance we will get in as soon as possible.”
“Tim get Becky ready to go in as soon as we have a hole big enough to get them thru it.”
“Billy, start back on the hole you made I need to get our medical people in there we have someone hurt.”
Billy wasted no time. He operated the back hoe like he had been doing it all of his life. It took he another half an hour to open a hole big enough to get Becky inside and to get the rest of the were’s that were trapped inside out of there.
“Ben, that should be big enough whenever you are ready.”
Ben told Becky “Take one person in with you to help once your inside, we are going to get the rest of the men out.”
Kelly stepped up and said, “Becky let me go in with you, I have some medical training”
Ben said, Kelly don’t go in let Becky take someone she has been training for this in there.”
“Ben I need to go in. I owe you and Jacob you guys got me away from that vampire, I need to do this.”
“She will be fine Ben, she some medical training, and we don’t have time to argue.”
“Ok go get in there.”
Becky and Kelly got the gear that they would need inside the cave and scrambled up the rock and boulders and started to slide into the cave. Once inside Becky said to Larry, “Ben wants everyone else out of here before they remove any more of the debris blocking the mouth.”
“Ok everyone lets get you out of here, make your way thru the hole they opened.”
The trapped men started thru the hole and everyone outside the cave started cheering when the first of the trapped me made it out. Tim kept count as the men came out and he counted fifteen of the crew. “Ben someone is still in there and it look’s like its Larry.”
Ben climbed back up to the hole and yelled into the cave, “Larry are you still in there?”
“Yea Ben I’m still in here, and I’m staying until everyone else can get out, this was my crew and I’ll be the last one out.”
“Fine Larry but keep back from the mouth we are going to keep removing rock.”
Ben instructed Tim to keep moving as much rock as we can move until we can get the rest of them out.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Becky got to Jacob and saw what Larry had done. She looked to Larry and said, “Good job on what you did to stop the bleeding and keeping him covered, You probably saved his life.”
Becky removed the makeshift bandage that Larry had made out of shirts and examined the wound on Jacobs head, she took some alcohol and cleaned the wound out the best she could. She had Kelly get gauze and some sterile pads ready to put on Jacobs head. Once Becky was done cleaning the wound she put on the bandages that Kelly had prepped. She then examined the broken arm and she decided she would wait until she had Jacob back at the infirmary before she tried to set it. She started to examine the rest of Jacob’s body. She found swelling around his stomach and she found a long gash on his chest. She looked at Kelly and said “It looks like he has some internal injuries; we need to get him out of here fast and get him to the infirmary.”
Larry went to the opening and yelled to Ben “Becky says we need to get Jacob out of here. She says there are some internal injuries.”
Ben stopped the debris removal and had some of the men get the stretcher and sent it into the cave. Larry grabbed it and carried it to Becky. “I hate to move him for fear of doing more damage but we need to get him out of here.”
 Becky, Kelly and Larry carefully lifted Jacob and put him on the stretcher. They lifted him and carried him to the opening that the back hoe had enlarged since Becky and Kelly had come in. They lifted the stretcher and started to slide it thru the opening. When Ben saw the stretcher he grabbed a couple more men and slid the stretcher the rest of the way out they didn’t wait for Becky to come out they started down the trail and made it to the infirmary. Becky came out of the opening followed by Kelly and Larry. Becky yelled to the females that she had put together to go to the infirmary. 
Larry walked over to Ben and Tim and shook their hands and thanked them for getting them out. Larry said, “Ben I don’t know what happened. We were just laying out the timbers when the cave-in happened.”
“Larry it wasn’t anything you did in there we think it was an explosion from someone outside.”
“I want to know who did it they almost killed all of us and hurting our Alpha like that, I want him.”
“I understand Larry but right now we need to finish clearing the mouth of the cave and I need to get to the infirmary.”
Ben turned and took off to the infirmary. He went in and asked where Becky is. They told him that she took Jacob into the back and she didn’t want anyone else back there except her helpers. Ben took a seat next to Dawn and said ‘He is strong and will be just fine Dawn.”
“Becky told me that he was hurt pretty bad, she would let me know something as soon as she could.”
“Dawn, keep me informed.”
“I will Ben I promise.”
Ben walked out of the infirmary and looked at the group of pack members that had gathered outside of the infirmary. He told them that “Jacob was in good hands and he would let everyone know as soon as he knew.”
Someone shouted “we will be right here we are not going anywhere until we know how Jacob is.”
Ben thought to himself if I ever get to be an Alpha, I can only hope to half as good as Jacob is. He is the best there is. Ben promised himself he was going to find out who did this and make them pay. Ben looked up to see Mark driving in and pulled up to the infirmary. Mark got out of the car and walked up to Ben. “Ben we have a big problem, the explosive was military grade C-4. It’s not easy to come by, we have either someone who has a vendetta against the pack or some crazy just wanting to kill or maim someone.”
“OK thanks Mark; I want you to find out who it is and what they want.”
“You got it Ben, I will find out who and what they want.”
Mark went back to his car and drove it to his house. He went inside and called to Martha. “Hon I need you to search the internet for any news on a break-in at any armory and the theft of a plastic explosive called C-4”
“I can do that, does this have anything to do with the cave?”
“Yes, I need to find out who did it someone set off C-4 and caused the cave-in. I need to know as soon as you can find out anything. I’m going to be up at the cave searching for any clues.”
“I’ll let you know if I find anything.”
“Thanks hon.”
Mark left the house and headed up to the cave. When he arrived at cave the men clearing the cave entrance had most of the rock and boulders moved out of the way, Mark figured he could examine the cave entrance tomorrow, today he was going to start on the side of the cave.
CHAPTER EIGHT
Mark still had a week left on his vacation he had taken. So he had time to search for clues carefully. He started his search on the south side of the cave entrance. He had about five hours of daylight left he could get a good portion of the south side covered. Mark started looking for broken branches, scrapes on the rock made by a shoe just about anything that would give him a clue. Mark could track as good as most any man and a lot better than most. With his new senses it should be even easier to track. By the time darkness closed in he had found nothing at all. He had checked the south side all the way to the upper trail that was twenty feet or so above the cave entrance. Mark was determined to find something. His search area was up and fifty feet from the entrance to the south. With sun now set his vision although better then any mans, he could not see well enough to keep going. Mark pulled out his handkerchief and tore a strip off of it and tied it to a branch so he would know how high and how far to the side he had covered. It was a trick he had learned while he hunted deer and had to track them if they didn’t fall right away. Mark headed back down the trail to his house. He would be back up there at sunrise to try to find more clues.
*****
When Becky got Jacob into the back room she took x-rays and found that there was nothing inside of him that was broken other than the arm. Being a Lycan he had already started to heal and she would have to re-break the arm to set it correctly. Her full exam using every diagnostic tool that a hospital had, she was able to tell that Jacob didn’t have any internal injuries. All she could do was clean the gash on his head again and stitch it up, then she re-broke Jacob’s arm and reset it. She gave him something for pain and let him rest the remainder of the night. Becky spent the night in the infirmary in the bed right next to Jacob’s. She woke early and went to the waiting room and found Ben there sleeping in the chair. She woke him and told him what she had found and that he could let Dawn know that she could come and visit him for a little while. Ben just pointed to the other chair in the waiting room, there was Dawn. Becky walked over to Dawn and woke her and asked her if she wanted to see Jacob, she jumped up and said yes.
Becky led Dawn back to Jacob and she leaned over and kissed his forehead. “Come on big guy it’s time to wake up.”
Jacob stirred but didn’t wake up. Dawn took his hand and said “Jacob, I love you so much you need to wake up now, we all need you.”
Jacob stirred again and opened his eyes. “What the hell happened, Where am I.”
Dawn smiled and told Jacob what had happened, “I need to get out of here and help find out what happened.” Jacob said.
Becky spoke up, “Sorry Jacob your not going anywhere for a while, now that your awake I can finish my exam.”
Don’t you worry about what is going on Ben has everything under control, and the pack is working hard trying to find out what happened. You just do as Becky says and you will be out of here in no time.” Jacob growled and agreed to stay there. Ben stuck his head in the back and asked Dawn if he could update the pack, and Dawn just nodded.
Ben went outside to the group and told them the news and that Becky was doing some more testing. He urged the pack to go home and get some rest and that he would keep them updated.
Ben called Mike and Alan and asked them if they could come to his house, he needed to talk to them. They set the meeting for an hour form now. Ben went home and found Kelly and Sally sitting on the couch talking. They went silent when Ben walked in, Ben looked at them and said, “Ok I can see you two are scheming something.”
“Come on Ben would we do something like that?”
“In a heartbeat,” he replied with a smile.
The two ladies just started laughing. They asked how Jacob was doing and Ben told them the latest new on Jacob’s condition. Then he said, “I need a favor from you two.”
“Anything you need,” they both said.
“I have Mike and Alan coming over in less than an hour an you gals make up some sandwiches and some drinks?”
“I think we can handle that don’t you Sally.”
“I think we can.”
The ladies set about making up some sandwiches and some drinks and had everything ready when Mike and Alan arrived. They brought their mates with them hoping that they could have some time to get to know Kelly.
“Thanks for coming guys, I really need someone to talk to, and I have seen how much Jacob relies on what you two tell him.” Ben said.
“What’s up Ben, what can we do for you?” Mike asked.
Ben glanced over his shoulder to make sure the girls couldn’t hear them and he saw that they were out on the back deck.
“Honestly I’m not sure I can handle everything that is going on right now, with everything happening up at the mine, Jacob getting hurt, finding out that I have a sister and that she is getting ready to go thru the changing.” I don’t know if I can do it.”
“Ben listen to me, you’re doing a great job with everything, I think it would be over whelming for anyone.” Alan said.
“I totally agree with him, with everything going on most people including any Lycan would need to seek out guidance. That is what your Beta’s and the Council of Elders are for.” Mike said.
“You have done a great job of using your resources your doing just fine.”
“I’ve been worried about it, With Kelly getting kidnapped then the incident at the mine, I have just felt overwhelmed.”
Both Mike and Alan started laughing at Ben and said “welcome to the world of an Alpha.”
“Ok then let me bounce this off of you, I was thinking about putting Scott in charge of clearing the rest of cave out and handling the shoring and Tim in charge of the security of the territory and Mark investigating the bombing. That would leave me free to handle the day to day stuff and deal with my sister.”
“Sounds to me like you have everything under control; I don’t know what you are worried about.” Mike answered.
“I’m worried about letting Jacob down.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about that, I think Jacob will be proud of the way you are handling things. Alan said.
“Thanks guys I needed that.”
Helen and Sandy were enjoying their talk with Sally and Kelly. They were most interested in Kelly and her going thru the changing. 
“I really think it’s kind of weird, I had no idea that I was a werewolf. In fact I’m really still not sure that I am one, the only one I’ve seen change so far is Ben, and all I am having is a weird feeling around the full moon. Ben was saying something about delaying the changing” Kelly said
“That is normal to feel weird. Most were’s change in their teens, it is unusual to have it happen when you’re an adult.” Helen said.
“That’s what Becky was telling me. She also said that there are some medications she could give me to help delay the changing, but I’m not sure about all of this.”
Well don’t be afraid of it with me, Helen, Sandy and Becky helping you it won’t be a problem.” Said Sally.
Let me try to explain the difference between a Lycan and a werewolf. Lycans are very much aware of their inner wolf. We can communicate with it when we are in our human form and just the opposite when we are in our wolf form. Werewolves like the stories in the human world go really do not exist. The tales of a wolf biting a human and them turning into a wolf are false. We bread just like a human does. The difference is we mate and form a blood bond by biting each other. That let’s our minds connect with each other. Kind of like a telepathy with each other. It can be a pain sometimes and it can be really nice sometimes.” Sandy explained.
“It also heightens your normal senses like smell, sight and hearing. Sometimes your inner wolf will just want to get out and run. That’s one of the reasons we have a large wooded area that is kept away from normal humans. It allows us to run and play without being seen. We also have a one major rule. It is the most important rule for you to remember, you can never tell anyone that you are a Lycan; the reason is to keep the pack safe. Many years ago there were hunts by humans to destroy werewolves. We were hunted almost to extinction. Breaking this law is punishable by death. There are exceptions to this law. In fact we have some Lycans that are mated to humans, both male and female. If that happens, it is usually a male that takes a female human but it does happen the other way also.” Helen added.
“The changing is something that is openly celebrated by the pack, The celebration is to honor the changing from a human to a new life as a Lycan. It is truly a sight to behold.” Sally said.
One other important thing, Jacob is the Alpha or leader of the pack, he has ultimate control over all of us. If he tells us to do something we do it then maybe we ask why. Sassing the Alpha is not done. The Alpha has the authority to expel you from the pack or even kill you. These are some of the things that your inner wolf just knows.”
“Wow, I didn’t know any of that, but then again I didn’t know I was a Lycan.”
The men came out and joined the ladies on the deck. And they chatted about the things that had occurred over the last couple of days.
Ben looked at Kelly and said, “Kelly I know you are use to having the freedom to come and go as you please but with the recent incidents that have happened, I want you to stay on pack territory and close to the house. I hope you understand.”
“I do understand and I will listen and do what you are saying. Ben can I ask what is your position in the pack?:
“I am the first Beta in the pack. I am responsible to see that the pack obeys the Alpha. With our Alpha being unable to do his job right now as first Beta, I have taken over the role of the Alpha. When Jacob is well he will take the pack back over.”
“I see, then you are pretty powerful in the pack?”
“It’s not a matter of power it’s just the hierarchy of the pack, but there are were’s that do seek the power and sometimes they challenge for the right to lead. If someone does challenge it is a fight to the death.”
“Wow that’s tough. I have another question; I really don’t have any skills other then being a nurse. What can I offer the pack?”
“We can hook you up with Becky and maybe you can work with her.” Ben answered.
The group ended the night with both Ben and Kelly feeling better about themselves and the all went their separate ways.
CHAPTER NINE
Ben and Kelly got up around the same time and Kelly fixed breakfast for them. They sat at the table and Kelly said, “Ben I don’t want to put off the changing, I want to go thru with it as soon as possible.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Yes I am positive about it.”
“We have a couple days to go before it starts so we can get you prepared for it.”
“Great and thanks little brother.”
“That sounds great little brother, I never thought I would here the term brother uses about me.”
“After breakfast let’s go to the infirmary and see if Becky can use you and maybe you can get her to teach you about Lycan physiology. There are some differences from what you would have learned in nursing school.”
“That would be great.”
When they finished they went to the infirmary, when they entered Ben asked about Jacob.
“He should be good enough to go home today, but he is going to need to rest, I’ll only release him if he promises to stay at home and rest.”
‘I think we can get him to stay at home and play with Chuck. Dawn will keep him in check.”
“Listen Becky, Kelly and I were wondering if you could use some help here. Kelly is a RN and she wants’ to feel useful round the pack. Maybe you can teach her about Lycan physiology.”
“To be honest I can use the help around here and the way she performed when she was in the cave and with Jacob back here, she would be a big asset.”
“How does that sound to you Kelly?”
“I love the idea.”
“Great, I’ll leave you here with Becky and I am going to head up to the cave and see how things are going up there.”
Ben left the infirmary and went to the cave, once there he checked in with Scott, the clearing of the cave entrance was almost complete and Larry already had his crew in the cave putting up the shoring. It looked like everything was going along good. Scott and Larry both felt that they could resume taking gold out in about a week. ‘Great job everyone, let’s keep up the good work and let me know if you need anything.” Ben said.
Ben left and headed to see Mark he wanted to get an update on his investigation. Mark invited Ben in and he offered him a glass of tea. Ben accepted and Mark got out his notes.
“What I’ve found out so far is that it looks like it was military grade explosive. Martha is still searching trying to find out if any of the armories have any missing explosives. She hasn’t had any luck yet, but she isn’t giving up.”
“OK any thing else?”
“When I started searching the area for any more clues, I covered the south side of the entrance and didn’t find anything, I’m getting ready to go finish the south side and start on the north side of the mouth of the cave.”
“Ok keep me informed I really want to find out who did this.”
Mark checked his watch and he had been gone from Kelly almost four hours. He would head back to the infirmary and see how she was doing and see if Jacob went home yet.
When Ben arrived at the infirmary he asked Becky where Kelly was. “She left with Dawn to help get Jacob home and settled at the house. I would have thought she would have been back by now.”
“Ok I’m going to head over to Jacob’s and I’ll send Kelly back.”
Ben headed to Jacob’s and when he arrived he knocked and went in. He called for Dawn and Kelly. Dawn came down the stairs and said hi to Ben.
“Hey there Dawn, how is Jacob doing?”
“He’s doing pretty good, but not happy about keeping confined to the house. He is really ready to get up and get going.”
“I’ll let him know what is going on and keep it simple so we don’t get him worried about anything. Also is Kelly upstairs with him.”
“No she left almost three hours ago.”
Panic started to set in on Ben, “She never made it back to the infirmary, maybe she went home.”
“She said she was going back to the infirmary, she said she was looking forward to working with Becky.”
Ben ran back to his house to see if Kelly went there, She was no where to be found. Ben was starting to get worried about Kelly. He went back to the infirmary and checked with Becky and she said she had not come back.
Ben went to the park and made a few calls and organized a search party. When everyone was at the park he sent them out in pairs to cover the entire packs territory, he also had some of Kelly’s clothing so they would have her scent. By midnight all of the pairs had checked back in with Ben and they all reported that found nothing except around his house, the infirmary and Jacob’s house. The pair that had searched near Jacob’s house did report they had a strange scent near the back of the house.
Ben was getting dejected at not being able to locate his sister. He went to Jacob’s house and in the back yard he found the strange scent. He didn’t recognize the scent but he really had a good idea who was involved. He knew that if he went to the house where the vampires had held Kelly before he wouldn’t be able to see anything tonight. He would head up there first thing in the morning. Ben went home and when he arrived he checked the house for Kelly again but she still wasn’t there. Ben picked up the phone and called Mike. “Mike sorry to call so late but I need a favor; I am going back up to the house where we got Kelly from a couple of days ago. She has been gone since early this morning, can you put together ten or twenty of our people and come up there in the morning. I’m going up there about sunrise and if you can come up an hour or so later I would appreciate it.” Mike told Ben that would not be a problem but he urges Ben to be careful. He reminded Ben of the things that happened when Jacob was going for revenge against the ones responsible for Linda’s death.
“Thanks Mike, I’ll be very careful, see you in the morning.” Ben hung up and got ready for bed.
Ben had just crawled into bed when there was a knock on the door. Ben got up and went downstairs and opened the door. Sally stood there looking mad as all get out. “Just what do you think you are going to be doing in the morning?”
“I’m going to get my sister back.”
“Do you think it’s wise to go alone or are you being stupid?”
“It’s probably a little of both but it’s what I’m going to do.”
“Well your not going alone, I’m going with you.”
“No your not, this is something I need to do and I don’t want to put anyone else in danger.”
“You’re a fool Ben, if they grab you, it will be two hours before anyone here knows about it. So no you’re not going alone and that’s final.”
Ben knew when he was beat, he would take Sally but he would make her stay back and just watch, if something happened she could call Mike and have them come up sooner.
“Well you might as well come on in you can take the bed and I’ll sleep on the couch.”
“Nonsense we can both take the bed, we have shared it before.”
“Your right about that but please not tonight, Ok.”
“I can live with that let’s get some sleep sunrise comes early.”
CHAPTER TEN
Ben and Sally headed out at sunrise and made it to the vampires house at seven, Ben found a safe spot for Sally. “I want you to stay here; you can see almost the whole house. If I go out of sight and I don’t come back to where you can see me in ten minutes call Mike and have them come as soon as possible.”
“Ok that will work, stay safe.” and Sally reached over and kissed Ben.
Ben changed into his wolf form and made his way to the window of the house, the first window he didn’t see anything. He moved to several other windows and found nothing. He thought about going to the front door and demand to see his sister but decided against it. He came back around to the first window which was the one he had seen Kelly in the first time and there she was. Standing there was the Vampire, Ben noticed that his fangs were exposed and before Ben could do anything he plunged his head down and the fangs entered Kelly’s neck.
Ben ran around in a large circle and leaped thru the window and onto the vampire, Ben’s fangs tore into the vampire’s arm and he released Kelly. The vampire screamed out for his brood to come to help him against the Lycan. Ben was not to be stopped; he jumped at the vampire again and ripped out a section of the vampire’s neck. Ben kept attacking the vampire again and again. By the time the first vampire from the brood arrived it was too late Ben’s wolf had torn the head off of William. Shirley Templeton was the first of the brood to arrive and Ben jumped at her and ripped a piece of her leg off. She jumped out of the room and slammed the door, hoping to keep the Lycan out. Ben shifted back to human form and pushed the bed and dresser in front of the door to keep the remaining vampire’s out of the bedroom. Ben grabbed a picture off of the wall and broke it and took a piece of the fame and plunged it into William’s heart. He tossed the vampires head out the window. Ben shook Kelly trying to break the vampire’s trance. Ben was confused with the vampire dead it should have broken the trance by it’s self. Ben picked up Kelly and lowered her out the window. He picked her up and then grabbed the vampires head and started running towards Sally.
When he reached Sally she said, “My god Ben your covered in blood what in the world happened?” Just as she finished the question she noticed the vampire’s head in his hand.
“Oh god Ben what have you done?
“That vampire will never hunt again, he’s dead. Come on we need to get out of here, I wounded another, they will be coming after me real quick.
They started back to the pack when Mike and his crew arrived; Mike looked at Ben and said, “Ben are you hurt?”
“No but Kelly won’t come out of the trance, the vampire that put her into it is dead it should have broken as soon as he died. We need to move they will be coming after us soon.”
“We need to get back to Becky and Gail.” Mike said.
The group took off for the infirmary, a few of the were’s that came with Mike trailed behind incase any of the vampire’s followed. When they reached the infirmary they went in and Becky jumped up and saw all the blood on Ben Becky said, “what happened and where are you hurt Ben?”
“It’s not me it’s Kelly she is in a vampire’s trance and won’t come out of it, she should have come out of it when I killed the vampire.
“Oh no that’s not good, we need to get Gail in here she is the one that is better equipped to handle this.”
Gail walked in just as Becky made her comment. Ben explained what he saw and Gail said it could be a problem, “Ben do you have anything of the vampire’s?”
“Will his blood or his head do?” as Ben held up the head he was still holding.
“The head will do the best.” Becky, Sally and Gail went into the treatment area in the back room.
The door burst open and Jacob walked in and looked at Ben and asked, “Ben what the hell happened and what were you thinking?”
Ben went over the story again for Jacob and Jacob calmed down and said, “ok I understand now why you did what you did. Really not much different than what I did when Linda was murdered.”
Well there is a bigger problem I left the other vampire’s alive. I tore a piece off of one of their legs. Also the vampire I killed bit Kelly, I don’t know what effect that will have on her.”
“This is not good Ben, one of three thing’s will happen, first nothing at all it won’t have any effect on her, the second is it may kill her, but not having gone thru the changing I doubt that will happen, The third is she will be kind of a super Lycan, she will have all the traits of a Lycan and some of the vampire traits.”
“God how could I let this happen to her, I should have never let her out of the house this soon.”
“Come on Ben you could not have known that this would happen, and they came right onto pack territory and took her. That is a declaration of war. I’m not ready to handle it as Alpha so I need you to take care of it, but please keep me informed.”
“Jacob, I will keep you informed and I want to know one thing, should I declare war on them?”
“Ben I told you to take of it so it’s your decision.”
“Ok thanks Jacob now you get back to bed.”
Jacob left and went back home.
“What are you going to do Ben?” asked Mike.
“Right at this moment I don’t know but I want the Council of Elders and the Beta’s at my house at six tonight.”
“I’ll make sure that everyone is there.”
Ben left the infirmary with instructions that he be notified as soon as possible of any change in Kelly. He was running every scenario through his head as he walked back to his house. When Ben arrived home he walked in and fell onto his couch. He put his head down in his hands and just sat there thinking about what he was going to do. He knew what he wanted to do but was it the right thing to do. Ben’s phone rang and it was Jacob and he told Ben he needed him at the office right away.
Ben left his house and went to Jacob’s; when he arrived he knocked and walked in. There was a man standing in the middle of the room and he wasn’t moving. Jacob said “glad you’re here Ben this is Montgomery Templeton and he is a vampire. He has come here to have us hand you over to them for killing their prince.”
“What! I should kill you right now vampire, you so called prince came on to our territory and took my sister. Then he bit her, I killed him in accordance with our laws.”
“That maybe so, but you killed him on our territory, and in accordance with our laws, we have already tried you, and sentenced you to the death penalty. We have come here to ask for you to be turned over to us. Your Alpha said the decision is yours.”
“Let me correct you on one thing Mr. Reston, according to the peace treaty that ended the war between your people and our people, if a incident between a brood and a pack the prince and the Alpha shall settle as dispute as either one of them see’s fit.”
“That is correct, and you are the Alpha, not him.”
“That is not correct, since my accident I have turned over control of the pack to my Beta, so he was the Alpha when he made the decision to kill your prince.”
A knock on the door and Mark walked in, he started to speak when he noticed the man standing in the middle of the room.
“What is it Mark?” Ben asked.
“I have some information on the explosive used up at the cave.”
“Jacob, I would like to use your office for a moment.”
“It’s your office right now Ben, but go right ahead.”
Mark and Ben walked into the office and Ben told Mark to go ahead.
“The C-4 was obtained by a man named Montgomery Templeton. He was tapped breaking into a armory and he took some ten pounds of the explosive and a case of blasting caps. But here is the good part he lives right behind our territory along with eight others. They are listed as some type of cult.”
“Well you just answered a lot of questions that have occurred while you were away. The man in the living room is Montgomery Templeton and he is a vampire. Your information has just solved a problem that I was going to have to make a hard decision on.” Before leaving the office Ben called four other pack members and told them to get to Jacob’s right away.
Mark and Ben walked out of the office and back into the living room, Ben looked at Jacob and said “I have made a decision on what we are going to do about the current situation, but before I tell you what it is I am waiting on someone.”
Jacob looked at Ben with a questioning look. “Who are you waiting on Ben?”
There was a knock on the door and Mike, Billy Timmons, Scott Leary and Alan walked in.
Ben looked at them and said, “Mark you and the others take Mr. Montgomery Templeton into the pack’s custody. Mr. Templeton, I am charging you with attempted murder on our Alpha and fifteen other members of this pack.”
The four were’s grabbed the vampire and pushed him to his knees. ‘What are you talking about; I haven’t tried to kill anyone.” Templeton said.
I have proof that you stole plastic explosive called C-4 and the required blasting caps that were used in the explosion of our cave.”
Templeton’s eyes grew wide and showed fear; he let his head hang down. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“If I am not back at my brood in an hour the brood is prepared to declare war on this pack.”
“Oh I’m not worried about that, when I go back to your brood and present all of the information we have on you I doubt that they will want war.”
“Do not be to arrogant about this, it will be war. You killed our prince and I am now the prince of the brood. We demand your head and the woman returned to us.”
“You will not get my head and you damn sure are not getting my sister. Jacob you are involved in this now, this is the man that tried to kill you in the cave. What are your wishes?”
“I can’t take the authority from you to decide the pack’s actions but if it were me it would be war."
“Thank you for your input Jacob and that is what it is going to be. Mr. Templeton we are now at war. 
“How can you Lycans even think you can defeat the superior vampires?”
“Mr. Templeton I will allow you to return to your brood and tell them that starting at midnight tonight we are at war. Mr. Templeton you have until midnight tonight to either accept the declaration of war or to surrender. If I receive no word from you by midnight then I will take that as the acceptance of the war.”
Scott please take your brother Lycans and escort this piece of trash off of our territory.” Scott nodded and they took the vampire and escorted them off of the territory.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Montgomery left the pack territory and returned to his brood, he called all of the vampires together. “The news is we are now at war with the Lycans. We have until midnight tonight to either surrender or wage war. I need to know what the brood wants.”
“Do we really have a chance of defeating them?” asked Rhonda.
“By ourselves I would have to say no, they out number us twenty to one.”  Montgomery answered.
“Then what do we do?” asked Benton.
“I want to make a few phone calls before I answer your question Benton.”
They broke the meeting so Montgomery could make a few calls to other broods. Montgomery called seven other broods asking for their help in a war against the Lycans and to his surprise he was turned down by all seven, he knew that his brood was going to be in trouble without any help. The seven broods he had called all owed him a favor but still they refused him. Montgomery broke the bad news to his brood and the remaining eight vampires all agreed to fight the Lycans to the death.
They would have some advantage over the Lycans with their ability to shape shift and turn into a dog, cat, bat and wolf. While none of these have the ability to beat a Lycan in a fight it can provide them avenues to evade the Lycans. Their physical strength is about the same but they would have the advantage with their great mental strength.
“Shirley, take a white flag and tell the Lycans that the war begins at midnight.” Montgomery ordered.
*****
Ben called a meeting of the Beta’s at Jacob’s house. When all of the Beta’s arrived, the planning for the war against the brood began. Ben first started with Tim and informed him he would lead one of the attack forces.
“Tim, I want you to take a group of fifty were’s and you will attack from the south side of their broods home, everyone must remain in wolf form and this next part is for all of us. If we fail to stay in wolf form the vampire’s will be able to put you into a trance and for all practical purposes will make you unable to attack in any way and could make you follow their order and attack your fellow pack members. If that occurs if at all possible do kill you pack mate but render them incapable of fighting. They have the ability to shape shift, most of their forms are not of a danger to us they just use them to escape. Two in particular can be a problem for us. One is they can turn into a bat; They will stay just out of reach above us to make us leap to try to catch them. You will just wear yourself out then they attack you. The other is they can turn into a wolf to try to confuse you. They do not turn into a Lycan, their wolf will be smaller then any Lycan. Do not be fooled.”
“Scott I want you to take the second group of fifty and attack from the north.” 
“Jacob you and Mark have the defense of the territory. Mark you will lead the actual one hundred were’s defending against the vampire’s if they should get by our attack forces. Jacob, you will provide any support you can without leaving this house. Also each of you will carry a radio and be in constant contact with me.”
Are there any questions.”
“I can only think of one Ben, when do we attack?” Jacob asked.
“We will assemble at four in the morning and we will attack at dawn, vampires would have the advantage at night, so we will only attack during daylight but the defense force will start as soon as we break from here.”
There was a knock at the door, Alan answered it and it was one of the female vampires, she handed Alan a message, and left without saying a word. Alan opened the message and read it out loud, “Everyone this message says three words, war at midnight.”
“Ok everyone there we have it. Let your groups know what is happening.”
“Ben a word if I may.” Jacob asked.
“Anything you want Jacob.”
“Why do you have me involved at all?”
“Jacob your still the Alpha, You have operational control over the war, I need your input and advice.”
“I’ll do the best I can but I’ll stay out of your way.”
“Fair enough Jacob.”
CHAPTER TWELVE
Mark’s had his group start walking the territory at eleven PM. He didn’t want to take a chance of any of the vampires getting on pack grounds before the war started. From midnight to four AM it was quite. At four in the morning the two attack forces formed and headed for the Vampire territory. Before departing Ben gave Tim and Scott last minute instructions, he wanted the house burned to the ground. He wanted to take away any place that the vampires could hide or rest. At six AM one word came over Scott and Tim’s radio and that was “GO”. Five Lycans advanced from each group one still in human form and he was carrying a can of gas with rags stuffed in it and the others were in their wolf form to provide protection. The north group placed the can with the gas on the front porch of the house after splashing some against the walls; the south group poured some gas around the wood walls of the house. They lit the rags on fire causing the fumes from the poured gas and the cans to totally catch fire. The old wood on the house caught fire quickly. It was just a matter of minutes and the eight vampires came running out of the house, they stopped dead in their tracks when the saw all of the Lycans that had them surrounded. 
The vampire’s together shape shifted in to bat forms. They flew just out of reach of the Lycans. What the vampires didn’t see when they shifted was behind the first line of Lycans was another line of the wolfs. The second line jumped off the backs of the first line.  The vampire Benton was caught in the mouth of Billy Timmons, He bit down hard on the vampire and blood filled his mouth. Billy shook his head from side to side closing his jaw tighter on Benton. The vampire thought he could change forms to a cat, but it was too late, the pressure of the wolfs sharp teeth caused Benton’s body to fly away from the head still in Billy’s mouth. Billy trotted away from the attacking pack and tosses the vampires head over a hundred yards from Benton’s body.
The vampires discovered right away that the Lycans were ready for this tactic of flying just out of their reach. The vampires changed their tactic and started diving at the Lycans and would nip at them ripping small pieces of fur off of the wolfs, though this was not hurting the wolves in any way, but it was frustrating them that they could not catch the bats to the point that they did not notice that two of the female bats had flown high and headed for the pack’s territory.
*****
Jacob’s phone rang just after seven and it was Becky, “Jacob I need you at the infirmary right away.”
“I’m on my way Becky.” It took just a few minutes and Jacob walked into the infirmary and said “Becky what is it?”
“We need to force Kelly’s change. The vampire is taking effect on her. She can’t fight it as a human. I know that Ben wanted to delay the changing as long as possible, but we cant wait any longer. If we don’t act now we will lose her to the vampires.
“Well do it then. I’ll let Ben know.”
“There are two ways one is with medication and the other is only an Alpha can force the change. Having the Alpha force the change it the much preferred method to do it.”
“How do we go about it?”
“We do much the same way we did Mark only because she is already a Lycan we only need your blood and your mind.”
“Tell me what I need to do.”
“When I tell you make a cut on your palm and squeeze ten drops of your blood into Kelly’s mouth. When she swallows the blood she will have a temporary blood bond with you. Then you must use that bond to force her to change. When she changes it will be a raw Lycan so I have to keep her strapped to the table. Her Lycan DNA will take fore front to the vampire DNA.”
“Let’s do it then.”
Becky got Kelly ready and told Jacob to cut his palm, when Becky was ready she told Jacob to squeeze his ten drops of blood into Kelly’s mouth. “Now connect with her Jacob and remember she will be a raw Lycan so her thoughts will be filled with a lot of rage. But you must make her change.”
Jacob found the connection to Kelly was very easy and once he suggested to her to change the anger in her opened up and all the rage she could send at Jacob she did. For a moment Jacob broke the bond and Becky told to reestablish the bond. Jacob reestablished the bond with Kelly but it was not as easy this time because of her rage. Jacob told her over and over again to change to her wolf form until it started to happen, as soon as it started to happen Kelly broke the bond with Jacob. Jacob stumbled back when the bond broke and looked at Becky and said, “I have never in my life felt anything like that in my life, and I don’t think I ever want to again.”
Becky noticed that one of the bonds holding Kelly was starting to tear and Becky told Jacob, “Shift quickly; the bonds won’t hold her long you need to force her to submit to you.”
Jacob wasted no time at all and shifted to his wolf form and completed the shift just as Kelly broke free, She jumped at Becky and Jacob got in between them and Jacob growled a long low growl telling Kelly he was the Alpha. At first Kelly ignored the warning and still tried to get to Becky, Jacob moved between them again and this time he bit at Kelly and slapped her with his huge paw. Kelly’s wolf stepped back and eyed Jacob’s wolf and tried to test him again. She growled and stepped towards him with her fangs bared and Jacob exposed his claws and swiped at her chest with a growl and she stepped back and lay on her back and exposed her neck to him, she had submitted to him totally. Jacob connected to her mind while still in the wolf form and ordered her to change back to a human. Kelly shifted back followed by Jacob. Kelly looked at Jacob and Becky and said, “What just happened? I wanted to tear your throat out Becky, and then you came out of nowhere Jacob, I thought you were going to kill me.”
“I would have if it came to that Kelly but I had to show your wolf who the Alpha was and your wolf submitted to me, how are you feeling now?”
“I’m not sure; a lot of things are different now.”
“I’ll let Becky fill you in on what is happening to you, I need to get back home.” Jacob went back to his house to find out how the war against the vampires is going.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
The two female bats that had flown away from the fighting went to the Lycan territory and started to search for the woman. Their job was to capture the woman and return to Montgomery with her. They noticed a lot of Lycans in wolf form patrolling the grounds. That would make finding her a real task much less trying to get her out of here. They knew that as bats they stood no chance at all. They found a tree where they could not see any of the Lycans close to so they landed in some lower branches. The shape shifted to two golden kittens. The both started to meow until two Lycans came to see what the noise was. The Lycans found the kittens and tried to get them out of the tree. Failing to do that as wolfs they shifted to human forms and coaxed the kittens out of the tree. Once down they took a quick look and decided to take the kittens to Becky.
The two men went into the infirmary and told Becky what they had found and Becky took the kittens and went into the back room to check the kittens out making sure they were both all right. As soon as Becky sat them on the exam table Kelly came out from the restroom and immediately let out a shrill scream. Becky looked at Kelly and before she could say anything Kelly said “They are vampires” and shifted to her wolf form. The kittens suddenly shifted to large wolfs, Kelly put herself between them and Becky giving Becky time to shift forms. The two vampires wanted Kelly and there were determined to get her. They started to attack at Becky but Kelly kept putting herself between them. 
One of the vampire wolfs made an attempt to jump over Kelly but Kelly’s wolf ripped a long set of claw marks into the vampires stomach causing a large row of claw marks that bled badly. Kelly jumped on top of the vampire and sank her teeth into the vampires neck she shook her head violently causing flesh from the vampire to spray the room.
The second vampire jumped at Becky and she was able to dodge the attack and the vampire went past and into the cabinets up against the wall. Becky had been trained to save lives but she knew this would be a fight to the death. Becky glanced a look at Kelly and saw that she had the vampire on the verge of death when she heard the sound of breaking bone. The vampire that Kelly was fighting had broke free from Kelly’s grip on its neck and when it fell backwards it landed awkwardly on the exam table and fell to the floor. The vampire tied to brace itself fro the fall and its front paw bent backwards and snapped causing the bone to come thru the skin.
Becky saw a blur go past her and she first thought it was the vampire that she had been fighting but instead it was Kelly attacking the second vampire. It had shifted back to human form and had a scalpel and was getting ready to plunge it into Becky’s back. Kelly hit the vampire with such force that when it landed it snapped the neck of the vampire. The two were’s that had brought the cubs into the infirmary burst thru the door and saw the two vampires laying on the floor, they knew what had to be done and they both picked up scalpel’s and cut the heads off of the two vampires.
Becky examined Kelly and found no injuries and pronounced her fit and had the two men escort her to Jacob’s house.
*****
The battle at the brood’s home was not going well for the brood, They had lost two of the vampires Rhonda and Samuel, leaving only Montgomery, Angie and Isaiah left to fight the Lycans. The three remaining vampires had bites and deep scratches all over them and they all knew that their time was short. Montgomery asked the other two if they wanted to continue or surrender. They both suggested that they surrender and hope that the Lycans would turn them over to one of the kings nearby. Montgomery concurred with them as the only way to survive. The three vampires kneeled down and put their hands behind their heads telling the Lycans that they were surrendering.
Tim called Ben on the radio and Ben and walked to the vampires, “I take it you are surrendering.” Ben asked.
“You take it correct Lycan,” answered Montgomery.
“Tim take the vampires into custody and back to the pack. We will decide what to do with them when we get back.”
The vampires were chained and taken back to Ben’s house; Ben had called ahead and made arrangements to have the vampires drugged so they could sleep while their fate was decided by the Council of Elders and the other Beta’s.
The vampires were chained together with the understanding that should any of them shape shift and try to escape the remaining vampires would be put to death on the spot They all agreed to that and made the trip to the pack’s territory and they were lead to the infirmary. Becky was waiting for them and when they arrived she injected each of the vampires with a medication to put the vampires to sleep. They were then placed on tables and strapped down. Ten were’s were left to keep guard on the vampires, Ben and his Betas left to go to Jacob’s with orders that if the vampires woke they were to be drugged again.
When they arrived at Jacob’s house, Ben was very happy to see that his sister had woke up from the trance. He gave his sister a hug and asked how she felt. “I feel great and my new abilities help out a lot.”
“New abilities?”
“Yes Ben, Becky had to force me to change because the DNA from the vampire that bit me was staking over.”
“You’ve changed? I’m so sorry that I wasn’t there for you.”
“It’s not your fault, with the war going on, I’m glad it happened though because two female vampires came here and tried to take me, but Becky and I fought them off and killed both of them.”
The Council of Elders assembled with the Beta’s, Ben and Jacob. Ben thanked everyone for coming and went right to the point.
“We have taken three of the vampires as captives. They surrendered and we currently have them in the infirmary drugged so they can not change. We have basically three options with them, first is let them go and do nothing, second execute them under Lycan law or turn them over to a brood and let Vampire law take care of them. I want the Council’s input on this matter. I will tell you I will not accept option one letting them go.”
“Ben don’t you think Jacob should have the final say on what we do.” Asked Sam Roberts the Chairman of the Council of Elders.”
“I am taking advisement from Jacob but until he is released from medical care by Becky, I am the acting Alpha and have the final say. But I am asking for your guidance and Jacob’s guidance on this matter.”
Everyone started talking among themselves and after a few minutes Ben called the for order. “I would like to get you opinions on the matter before us.” Ben said
Mike was the first to speak up and he said, “I recommend that we turn them over to another brood for punishment under the condition we retain the land.”
Alan said, “I agree with Mike.”
The opinion of the entire council was the same. Ben looked to his Beta’s and they recommend the same thing. Then he turned to Jacob. “Ben you need to do what is best for the pack as a whole not for just one person in the pack.”
Ben looked at all of the faces and he made his decision. “I will return two of the vampires to another brood, I will hold Montgomery Templeton until the new brood takes them in and guarantees punishment. Once the two vampires have been punished then I will make a decision on Templeton. Mark I need you and Martha to locate a brood close by here so we can turn the two vampires to them.”
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Ben went to the infirmary to check on the status of their three captives, he wanted to make sure that everything was safe for the pack having them here.
“Becky how are things going with our guests?”
“Keeping them out like a light, do we really have to keep them knocked out?”
“I’m afraid we do Becky, should they wake up and shape shift we may never find them and they could cause a lot of problems for the pack as well.”
“What about the guards, do they have to stay here.”
“Again Becky if they wake up we could have the same results.”
“Well I don’t like it but I understand what we have to do, The two female vampires that managed to get in here could have killed either Kelly or myself. One thing I want you to know Kelly was fantastic in here against the vampires, she put herself between the vampires and me. She was going to fight both of them to protect me.”
“You know I don’t know a lot about her yet but from what I’ve seen she is going to be a super addition to the pack.”
“I’ve spent a lot of time with her and from what I can tell she is going to be a real asset, but I am worried about one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“She was bitten by the vampire, before I had Jacob force the shift the vampire DNA was starting to take over, I don’t know what the mix will do to or for her.”
“We will just have to keep a close eye on her, hopefully it won’t be anything bad.”
“I hope so too, and just so you know I am going to release Jacob from my care tomorrow.”
“Now that’s great news do you mind if I tell him?”
“Go right ahead.”
“Thanks Becky for everything.”
Ben headed back to the office at Jacob’s house and knocked and went in. He found Jacob, Dawn and Chuck sitting on the couch. They were the ideal couple, Ben hoped that he could have the same thing with Sally. When Dawn saw Ben she got up and left the room with Chuck, she didn’t speak, she just gave Ben a dirty look and left the room. Ben was surprised at the reaction he received from Dawn.
“What did I do,” asked Ben
“What do you mean?”
“That sure wasn’t a very pleasant look I just received from Dawn.”
“She’s just upset over this whole vampire thing and my injuries are still bothering her.”
“Speaking of your injuries Becky is releasing you tomorrow.”
“Now that’s good news. I’ve been getting antsy sitting here.”
“I hope I’ve done a good job filling in for you. Being a Alpha is a hard job and I know I wasn’t prepared very well for it.”
“Ben you did a great job filling in. I would highly recommend you for a pack of your own if you ever wanted one, and I hope that isn’t anytime soon.” Jacob smiled.
“I’m not planning on going anywhere. What do you think you are going to do with our three guests?”
“Nothing, that’s your decision, you started it you finish it. Just run it by me before you act on it.”
“That’s not right Jacob, you’re the Alpha.”
“That may be so but I am proud of the way you have handled all of this and I want you to finish it.”
“Thanks Jacob, that means a lot to me. Do me a favor if you will.”
“Sure what do you need.” Jacob asked.
“I think Dawn is mad at me not at the whole vampire thing. She was really upset when I let Templeton go instead of punishing him for the cave incident.”
“I’ll talk to her. Don’t worry about.”
“Thanks, you get some rest the pack is yours again, I’ll be happy just be the Beta again.”
“Get out of here and get some rest.”
Ben headed back to his house and he spotted Sally walking away and he yelled at her and asked, “Hey there girl care to have a beer with me?”
“I would love to Ben, I’ve missed being with you the last couple of days.”
“Come on lets go.”
The two of them walked to Ben’s house and Ben opened a couple of beers and they moved to his back deck and they sat on the glider rocker and Ben pulled Sally close to him and kissed her deeply. Ben loved holding her close and his inner wolf approved of her as well. His inner wolf gave a deep growl and Sally looked up at him and said, “I know I want it too.”
Ben took Sally by the hand and led her to his bedroom, Sally looked at Ben and she said, “Ben you need to know I’ve never been with anyone before.”
“I’ll be as gentle as I can sweetheart,” Ben led her to the bed and sat her on the edge of the bed.
For what seemed like an eternity Ben stood still, inspecting Sally with his gaze. She ached to feel his touch. Finally Ben moved, parting Sally’s knees wide to expose her most sensitive flesh to his view. 
“What will you taste like, beautiful?” Ben asked, blowing a long draw of warm air across my swollen core. Sally shivered. “Will you be sweet? I think so.” Ben’s words were enough to send liquid rushing to her already wet centre.
The first brush of Ben’s tongue was unlike anything she had ever felt. Ben used his hands for his explorations, and to feel him between her legs was a greater paradise than any thing she had ever hoped to see again. With each pass of his tongue pleasure rocketed through her, building and building into a great wave of sensation threatening to crash down on her head and drown her. 
Sally came in a rushing torrent of pleasure, trembling more each time as Ben’s tongue swept over Sally’s sensitive flesh to elicit little sounds of pleasure from her even after she screamed for him.
“You’re so sweet,” he murmured laying against her, lifting his gaze to meet her as she drifted lazily back down from the crash of emotion and pleasure he’d sent through her. “Want to taste?”Sally nodded greedily and Ben rose up from the floor to take Sally’s mouth with his own. 
It was incredibly erotic, to taste herself on his lips and tongue as Ben lay claim to Sally’s mouth once more. Her hands sought out the bulging length of him, still trapped beneath clothes. He groaned when She wrapped her hands around him, breaking the kiss to pull away.
“Not this time. I want to savour you, and if you touch me like that, I’m afraid I will come undone in your hands before I have the chance to claim you properly.” Sally said. Sally allowed him to remove her hands and watched as he pulled away the clothes that were the final barrier between them. She had seen his chest before, but it still took her breath away, the hard muscles bulging beneath tightly drawn skin. 
Ben’s cock stood at attention, jutting out from his hips like a dangerous weapon waiting to be used. It was enormous, and for a fleeting moment she was afraid the she would be unable to take him inside her. 
“I will never do anything to harm you, my love. Believe that of me.” His reassurance was all it took to melt away her trepidation. 
Ben moved back into the space between her legs to kiss her once more, his length probing gently at her heated entrance. Sally moaned at the contact, need building within her again even though she had only just found release. Hooking an arm around the small of her back, Ben picked Sally up to settle her fully on the bed, never quite breaking the kiss.
He pushed a single finger into her and she gasped, the intrusion strange and wonderful all at once. Tiny movements sent extraordinary pleasure rushing through her, and soon he’d pushed another finger into her dripping entrance, preparing her to take his enormous member. Ben’s fingers danced across her clit, arousing Sally even more to allow her to take another finger inside her. Sally squirmed beneath his touch, desperate to feel his length inside her.
The third finger burned as it pushed its way past her maidenhead, but the pleasures he’d already brought to her writhing body far out weighted the slight discomfort. Sally cried out as another orgasm swept over her, Sally’s inner muscles clenching around Ben’s fingers as he continued to stretch her entrance until she could almost feel it tear beneath the cloudy haze of pleasure.
He withdrew as she floated down from the high of pleasure he’d created within her. Sally cried out at the loss, the emptiness unnatural after having felt Ben inside Her. His mouth captured mine, swallowing the sound as he positioned himself between her thighs, the swollen head of his member probing Sally’s entrance. 
“It’s still going to hurt, and for that I am sorry. But not even I can keep that pain from you.” He kissed her again, as if to apologize for something that was out of his control.
“I do not blame you for whatever pain you may cause. I want you. Right here and right now. Please don’t deny me this because you fear hurting me.” Sally said. Ben smiled at her reply, eyes burning with passion. He guided himself into her, pushing past her maiden barrier with a single, hard stroke.
Sally cried out at the suddenness of the pain, tears leaking from her eyes even as he kissed them away, uttering sweet words to calm her until the hurt went away. Once the initial pain faded, she found herself lost to another wave of desire. He filled her fully, the tightness of her inner muscles stretched to their limits to accommodate his size. And when he began to move, Sally swore to myself that nothing else could ever compare to the pleasure she felt, then and there.
Ben’s strokes became more and more intent, driving in and out of her like a man desperate to lay claim to that what he saw as his. And she was his to claim, riding the waves of emotion and pleasure higher and higher until the world shattered around her, Sally’s orgasm blinding in intensity. A few strokes later he joined her, shouting out as he shot his seed inside her. Ben bared his fangs and nipped at Sally’s neck drawing blood and he eagerly lapped it up, Sally returned the favour and licked Ben’s blood, the blood bond was completed.  All too soon he pulled away to collapse on the bed, pulling her across rumpled sheets to rest in the warmth of his embrace, holding each other in their arms they drifted off to sleep.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
The sun shining thru the window woke Ben, he rolled over and found he was alone. Was last night a dream, did he and Sally mate and form the blood bond? Ben got out of bed and walked into his bathroom and looked at himself in the mirror, he saw the marks on his neck where Sally had bitten him and tasted his blood. Thank god it wasn’t a dream he thought to himself. Ben dressed and went downstairs, half way down the stairs he smelled the coffee and bacon cooking. When he reached the bottom of the stairs he looked into the kitchen he saw Sally was busy making breakfast for them.
“That sure smells good.” Ben said.
“Hope your hungry, it will be ready in a couple of minutes.” Sally answered.
“After last night I could eat it all by myself”
Sally blushed and said, “Ben you realize what we did last night don’t you?”
“I sure do and I am very happy about at and I hope you are too.”
“Happy doesn’t begin to explain how I feel about it. I’ve wanted you almost from the day we met, it just never seemed to happen, I am so glad it did.”
“I think after breakfast we need to make a trip to Jacob’s and let them know.”
Sally nodded as she served up their breakfast. They ate their food in silence catching glances at each other and smiled. They were almost finished with the food when the phone rang, it was Jacob and he wanted to see Ben as soon as he could make it over.
“Looks like it is going to be now Jacob wants to see me.”
Ben helped Sally clean up the dishes and they headed over to Jacob’s house. They walked in and Dawn spotted the marks on both Sally and Ben and she yelled at Jacob “Babe come here quick you have to see this.”
Jacob came from the office and looked at Dawn and said “What?”
“Look and see for yourself see what happened, Ben and Sally mated and looks like the blood bonded.”
“Well congratulations you two, is about time. But I am sorry to make the celebration short lived Templeton escaped last night and we need to see if we can find him. Becky say’s that with all the drugs he had in him he would not be able to keep any form he shape shifted to very long so we may be able to track him.”
“I’ll put together a search party he wont get far.” Ben said.
“I’ll come with you I want him found.”
“Then let’s see if we can find the bastard.”
The two of them headed to the infirmary to see if they could pick up any scent from the vampire. When they arrived they found Becky and Kelly going over the restraints that had been on Templeton and they should have held him, but they never figured on him being able to shape shift. Becky have given them enough drugs to have kept a herd of elephants a sleep.
“Becky what can you tell us?” Jacob asked.
“The only thing I can tell you for sure is he shape shifted to a rat and got free.”
“How are we going to find a rat in our territory. There must be thousands of them in the woods?” asked Ben.
“I can track him.” Kelly said.
“How? I consider myself a expert tracker and I can’t even smell the rat in here.”
“I can smell him he went out there.” Pointing to a hole in the screen of an open window.
“Wow, I sure can’t smell him,” Jacob said.
“Ben take Kelly and see if you can pick him up outside, maybe we can get lucky.”
Kelly and Ben went out side to the open window and both of them changed to their wolf forms. This was the first time Ben had seen Kelly’s wolf. She had a beautiful red coat of fur with black circles around her eye, she reminded Ben of his mother.
“Kelly picked up the trail and followed it to the edge of the woods, she shifted back to her human form and called Ben. His wolf trotted over to Kelly and sat.
“Ben he shifted back to his human form here, looking at the human tracks he isn’t very steady on his feet.”
Ben got up and walked to the tracks and picked up the vampires scent. He urged Kelly to shift by growling at her. She complied and shifted back to her wolf form. They were glad there was no breeze today so they were having a easy time following the scent of the vampire.
Kelly took off following the trail, Ben followed, he was not sure if Kelly was in fact following the scent but if she was she was really good at tracking. They came to a vee in the trail and Kelly took the trail to the left. Ben yapped at Kelly telling her to stop. They both shifted to their human form and Ben said.
“Kelly be careful on this trail, it is the toughest on the territory. There are a lot of rocks and blind drops. This trail leads to the lake and the falls. There are a lot of places he could set up an ambush.”
“Ok I’ll slow down some and be more aware of the surroundings.”
The shifted back to their wolf forms and headed up the trail, they were still moving at a pretty fast pace, and had covered around a half a mile when Ben spotted a cougar on a ledge above the trail, before Ben could let out a warning the cougar jumped down and hit Kelly with such force it knocked them both off their feet. They rolled off the trail and both the cat and Kelly came to their feet ready to fight. Ben spotted a cougar kitten and jumped in between the two females and growled to both of them.
Kelly backed down and the female cougar kept growling, somehow Ben seemed to make the cougar understand that they were no threat to it or her cubs. The cougar backed off and moved back to her cubs. Kelly and Ben continued on searching for the vampire.
The moved closer to the lake and Kelly slowed her pace. She seemed to have lost the scent as she was searching the area for something. Ben shifted back to his human form and watched as Kelly continued to search. She finally shifted to her human form and held her head down and said, “Ben I think I’ve lost his trail. His scent just seems to have disappeared.”
“Hey don’t worry about it, lets just split up and see what we can find. Look for something out of place or a odor that shouldn’t be here. Look for broken twigs or brush that has been disturbed. We’ll pick him back up.”
Ben was the first to pick the scent back up and he called to Kelly, “Over here, he is headed to the falls.”
The two of them shifted back to their wolf forms and followed the scent. The arrived at the falls and with the water spray the lost the scent again. They searched the area around the falls but failed to pick up the scent. They searched for over three hours but still did not find any trace of the vampires scent. They met back where the trail joined the open area by the falls and shifted back to their human form. 
“I’ve totally lost the scent of the vampire, I’m sorry Ben.”
“Hey you did a great job tracking him, I lost him several times.”
“I know what he did he changed to a bat and entered the water of the falls, I could not find where he came out, I went behind the falls and I didn’t find anything. I tried Ben I really tried.”
“Kelly I know you did and like I said you did a great job. I think its time we head back to the house and start up here fresh in the morning, It’s going to be dark soon and it’s too dangerous to be up here after dark.”
“I’ll follow you.”
*****
Montgomery flew thru the waterfall and was sure that it would mask his scent from the Lycans, he flew another half mile and had to stop, he still was feeling the effects of the drugs they were giving him to keep him knocked out. He guessed that it would fully wear off by morning. He dropped from the tree to the ground and headed for the caves closer to the top of the foot hills. He would spend the night there and move towards his brothers brood. He knew he would get sanctuary there, then he could plot his revenge. The Lycan Ben would pay for what he has done to his brood and he would claim the woman as his.
When Montgomery arrived at the caves he picked one he had used before and went inside and made up a bed roll he kept there. He crawled into the sleeping bag and was soon fast a sleep.
*****
Ben and Kelly arrived back at Jacob’s house and they explained that they had lost the scent at the water falls and they would take a team up in the morning and start the tracking from the from the falls.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Morning arrived and Montgomery rolled his sleeping bag and pushed in back into the crevasse of the cave and set out for Knoxville, he would meet with his brother and get the help he needed. He had worked on his plan a little the previous evening but really didn’t have much worked out. It all really depended on what his brother could provide him.
He guessed that flying as a bat it would take somewhere between ten to twelve hours. He was sure that all of the drugs were worn off and wasn’t worried about having to stop in route.
After what turned out to be a thirteen hour trip Montgomery arrived at his brothers house. He landed and shape shifted back to his human form. He knocked on the door and his brothers mate answered and she took one look at Montgomery and told him to come in. She was sure that he was tired and worn out. His clothes were torn and tattered. 
“My god  Montgomery what happened to you?”
“I’ll explain to both you and Alex at the same time if you don’t mind.”
“I’ll get Alex and let him know you’re here.”
“Thanks Tia.”
Tia returned with Alex and Montgomery explained to his brother what happened back in North Carolina. omitting the cave incident. He explained how his Prince was killed by the Lycans and that he needed help to rebuild the brood and reclaim the woman.
“Brother I am asking for your help. They still hold two others from my brood. I need to rebuild the brood and I am asking for your help. I need to defeat the Lycans.”
“My brother you need to let this go, I can not provide you any help. The Supreme Council has received a report from the Lycan High Council about the incident and has made a finding that the Lycans conducted themselves in accordance with the treaty the was signed so many years ago. The Supreme Council has declared you a criminal and has ordered your capture and return to them for punishment. Your remaining brethren of the brood are being turned over to enforcers from the Supreme Council tomorrow for their punishment.”
“This is crazy Alex, my own people have turned against me. You know me brother, I would never commit a crime against our people.”
“I can’t do anything for you Montgomery, You are on your own. I will allow you to stay the night here but you must be gone by morning, Enforcers from the Supreme Council have been sent to all broods surrounding North Carolina in an attempt to take you prisoner. You will need to be gone from here by morning. If your not gone I will turn you over to the enforcer.”
“I’ll leave now, I can’t believe that my own brother has turned against me.”
Montgomery turned to leave and his brother wished him luck and told him he needed to turn himself in so he would not be put to death by the Supreme Council. Montgomery left his brother to head back to his broods home. He was determined to rebuild the brood.
*****
Early the next morning Ben and Kelly went to the falls with two other pack members and started to search the surrounding area of the falls. It was just a matter of a few minutes after arriving at the falls that Kelly picked up the scent of the vampire. “Here, I’ve got him,” Kelly yelled to the others.
The rest of the search party headed to Kelly. They followed her as she tracked the scent. She followed until she reached the cave where Montgomery had spent the night. The four of them entered the cave and Kelly easily found his bedroll. 
“Ben I won’t be able to follow him anymore, he changed to a bat and flew up high, the only thing I can tell is he headed west.”
“That would mean he is headed to Tennessee, unless he turned once he got up high. There isn’t much more we can do here, let’s head back and report in with Jacob.” Ben said.
The search party headed back and when they reached Jacob’s Ben dismissed the other two pack members and Then he and Kelly went inside.
Jacob asked, “Any luck up there?”
Kelly spoke, “we found his scent and trailed him to a cave but lost it when he left. He change to a bat and flew high headed west was all I could tell.”
“Good job, I am sorry we could not catch him but I have received word from the High Council that the Vampire Supreme Council is sending down a couple of enforcers to pick up the other two vampires that we are holding. I also just got off the phone with the High Council about you Ben. The letter they sent to us said that I had done a good job handling all of this, I told them that is was you who took care of all of it. They Council Member I spoke with was impressed that a young Beta like you did such a great job. I did tell them though I would hate to lose you as my Beta I would highly recommend you to as an Alpha of your own pack.”
“Wow all I can say is thank you.”
“Also we are going to be having a party tonight in the park we have some honors to hand out and I need to make sure that you Ben, Kelly and Sally are there.”
“A party, you know that we will be there.”
“Also Ben I want to congratulate you and Sally again, taking a mate is by its’ self a wonderful thing but to blood bond is even a more wonderful.”
“Thanks Jacob coming from you that is great.”
“Ben tell Sally I would like to see her as soon as possible.” Dawn said.
“I’ll send her right over when I get home.”
Ben and Kelly left Jacob’s house and headed for Ben’s house. Sally met them at the door, with a huge hug and kiss for Ben and a hug for Kelly. She was making some lunch and made some more for Ben and Kelly.
“Sally as soon as we finish eating Dawn asked that you come right over she needed to see you.”
“Mercy I hope I didn’t do something wrong.”
“No I think it has to do with us bonding.”
“Oh, Ok then.”
Just as they finished eating Ben’s phone rang and it was Jacob. He wanted to see Ben when Sally came over to see Dawn. As soon as the lunch dishes were done Ben and Sally headed back to Jacob and Dawn’s house. They knocked and walked in. Dawn told Jacob and Ben that she and Sally we headed into town to do a little shopping.
“Ben let’s go into the office. I have something to show you.”
Ben had a seat in the large leather chair at Jacob’s desk and Jacob handed Ben a letter he had just had the express shipping company deliver the letter.
After I spoke with the High Council yesterday and told them what a great job you did they sent that letter you just finished reading.”
“I have a question Jacob, What in gods name is a Sub-Alpha?”
“It is a new position within the pack, being created for packs that have multiple sites that fall under the control of a pack that are remotely located, and at least one hundred miles from the main pack, the Sub-Alpha would have complete control over the area and would make all reports to the main pack, they feel that Asheville site and you fit the bill for a Sub-Alpha. They feel that you would be a perfect fit or the job. “Ben you’ve earned every bit of it. I agree with the High Council and if you want the job it’s yours. If you don’t want it everything will stay that same as it is now.”
“Wow that is an honor, and thank you for such high praise. Let me talk with Sally and see what she say’s. I’ll let you know my answer tonight.”
“That works for me.”
“In the mean time how about a beer and some non business talk.”
“I’ll get the beer.” Ben replied.
The two of them went to the back porch and sat the warmth of the fall sun felt good on their skin. 
“Now tell me about you and Sally.”
“Not a lot to tell really we have had it bad for each other for a long time. We have had sex before but this time we mated and bit each other, making it a blood bond.”
“Well all I can say is that it is about time, we have all been waiting for it to happen. You two make a great couple.”
“Thank you Jacob, I hope she wants to start a family pretty quick, we haven’t talked about it yet though.”
“Great, just what we need another Ben running round, “Jacob said laughing.
“Hey now I think I do a pretty good job,” Ben said smiling.
“That you do, part of the party tonight is the bonding ceremony for you two.”
“Thanks for that. Seems like I’m saying thanks a lot here lately.”
“You don’t need to keep saying it either, You deserve everything that is coming your way.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
The whole pack turned out for the party at the park. The first order of the events will be the bonding ceremony for Ben and Sally. They decided to use parts of the Ritual of a human wedding and parts of the actual bonding ceremony. Gail was the shaman and was performing the ceremony. Ben was waiting at the stage and the bridal march started playing. Because Sally had no living relative there she was walked up the isle by Jacob. When she reached the front of the stage Jacob handed her to Ben. Sally and Ben turned to face Gail. Gail started the ceremony and reached under her vestments and pulled out a vial with the of the magic water. She spoke words that no one understood then she sprinkled some of the water on both Sally and Ben. Gail then looked up at the crown and said “brothers and sisters, today we honor the time tested and lasting ceremony of bonding between Ben and Sally. Today they present their love and desire for each other to you the pack. They have bonded in love and blood, today they are mates now and forever.”
Ben looked at Sally and kissed her and everyone in the pack yelled and howled. Next Jacob walked up on the stage and started to speak.
“My brothers and sisters today I have some good news. As you know we fought a small brood of vampires and defeated them. Our Beta Ben led the way due to my being incapacitated by the blast at the cave. For his handling of the entire situation it has been recommended by the Lycan High Council that a new position of Sub-Alpha be created and Ben has been nominated to be the first one in Lycan history. I offered the position to Ben and he has informed me that he would let us know tonight if he would take the position. So Ben what is your decision?”
Ben jumped on the stage and looked at the pack, “I told Jacob that it was a great honor to be nominated as the first Sub-Alpha. For me to take the position I would have to move to Asheville and take control of out Lycan Lodge over there. I had to consult with my mate, and together we decided to accept the position. We will be leaving for Asheville at the end of the month.”
“Congratulations Ben, I think you will set a high standard for this new position. The last item on the agenda is I want to offer to the first twenty families that want to mover to Asheville to please line up and give your names to Dawn. I want you all to know that you are still part of the Reidsville pack. Ben will make all the decisions that an Alpha would make the only difference he is still held responsible to the pack. Instead of reporting to the High Council he will make his reports to me and I will send them as part of our reports. Now if you are interested please see Dawn and let’s have a party.”
Jacob jumped down off the stage and walked over to Ben and Sally, “I’m sure going to miss having you two around here everyday.”
“Oh you will get use to it, besides you will be busy picking my replacement and getting the mine in the cave back in operation.”
“Yea that’s true, do you have any recommendations for another Beta for the Pack?”
“As a matter of fact I do, I appointed Mark as a Beta until you took the pack back over and I fell back. I would keep him right there.”
“That’s a good idea.”
The following day four vampire enforcers showed up and took the remaining vampires form Templeton’s brood. The next six months passed and Mark took a crew to the old brood property and cleaned it up and it added another twenty-five acres to what the pack already had. Tim had taken over the mining operation and had the shoring installed under Frank’s leadership and they were taking gold from the cave again. Everything was moving along smoothly.
*****
Templeton was still on the run and all broods and packs in the five states surrounding North Carolina had been notified to keep a lookout for him. He actually went where they would not think to look for him. He returned to the old broods location and kept a low profile. The house that had burned and had since been cleared and did not revel that there was an underground complex where the old house had stood. The entrance was disguised as a sewer line operated by the county. During the day he would scour the state looking for loner vampires and rouge wolfs. He had built a force of twenty rouges and loners. Keeping the peace between them was hard sometimes, but they all had one thing in common and it was they wanted no part of a pack or brood. They were wanted by their respective councils.
Montgomery was going out several times a day and scouting the pack. He had failed to find either Ben or Kelly over the next week.
Montgomery called his force together and told them that he was going out to do some scouting and find the were named Ben and the woman named Kelly. He wanted them both, Ben for what he did to his brood and Kelly for his own. I want a volunteer to go to the pack and see if we can find the were and the woman.
Greg Jackson one of the rogue wolfs, volunteered to go into the pack. Greg had kept his nose clean since he had left his pack in Washington state. He would welcome the company of the pack and find out the information that Templeton wanted.
Greg left the underground complex and made the 3 mile trek to his car and drove to the packs territory. When he entered and found the park he asked for directions to the Alpha’s house. They pointed to Jacob’s house and Greg headed there and parked his car. He walked up to the door and knocked. Jacob answered and said, “Hi may I help you?”
“Yes sir my name is Greg Jackson and I am looking for the Alpha.”
“That would be me, what can I do for you.?”
“I looking around for a pack to join, I came from a small pack that dissolved, I saw this pack on the Lycan home site. It didn’t say you were open to new members but I thought I would stop by.”
“We are open to new members, but we are taking it on a case by case basis.” 
“ What would you need from me to be considered?”
“Come on in and lets go to my office.”
“Is there anything in specific your looking for in a pack Greg?”
“What I really want is a close nit pack. One where everyone gets along or the most part.”
“We certainly have that here. I’ve yet to have anyone with a discipline problem.”
“Any chance of a tour of the territory.”
“That can be arranged.”
Jacob picked up his phone and called Scott and made arrangements for Scott to show Greg the packs territory. When Scott arrived he picked up Greg and left on a tour of the packs territory.
“How big is the Packs territory altogether?” Greg asked..
“Close to one hundred thousand acres, we have trails leading all over the territory, another two thousand acres in Asheville and we just acquired another fifteen hundred acres in the charlotte area. The pack is actually classified as a Mega pack because we have over two hundred families living here.”
“Wow, that’s quite a lot.”
“Yea it is you met our Alpha Jacob, we also have a Sub-Alpha and three Beta’s.”
“Sub-Alpha? What’s that never heard of one.”
“It is something the High Council started about six months ago and Ben one of our Beta’s was promoted to Sub-Alpha because Asheville is more than an hour away from here. Ben reports to Jacob. He has a female Beta in Asheville.”
“That’s cool, sounds like a place that I want to stay at.”
After the tour Scott returned to Jacob’s house and left Greg with Jacob. “Well Greg what do you think?”
“I like it here, everyone we passed all said hi and there is a lot of room to run and roam. I do have one question though, Scott mentioned something in Asheville, What does the pack have over there?”
“We have a Lycan family ski lodge there. We have a Sub-Alpha there and he runs the place. We have twenty families there that help maintain the place.”
“Cool any chance o see the place?”
“It will be a while, we have a waiting list to get in there from the pack, and a waiting list for members to stay there for a vacation.”
“Oh I see, maybe I can get on the list after joining the pack.”
“So you think you want to be a member of our pack?”
“Yea I do I really do.”
“Great come on into the office I have some paperwork for you to fill out, Lycan background, family history, that sort of stuff.”
“Ok but I will tell you I have had a checkered past. I’ve not settled down for over two years. But I will tell I’m no rogue.”
“Thanks for being up front. Let’s go do the paperwork.”
Greg went with Jacob and filled out the required paperwork and thanked Jacob. He left the pack and headed for his parking spot and then make the three mile trek back to the underground entrance to his complex. Once back in the complex he found Montgomery and told him they needed to talk he had found out a lot of information.
“The were named Ben is located in Asheville at the Lycan ski lodge. He has about twenty families there with him, he has a female Beta. I couldn’t find out any information about the woman you want though.”
“Good work Greg. Now we can start planning on how to kill Ben.”
Montgomery called his group together and told them of Greg’s news. He sent two vampires up to Asheville to locate the Lycan Resort and get a basic layout of it. He sent a third vampire to keep an eye on the local pack territory to se if they could locate the woman.
Once Greg was gone Jacob put together all the information that Greg had provided and faxed it off to the High Council for a background check.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Tim headed up to the cave to check on the mining operation when he spotted a bat flying around the living complex of the packs territory. He normally wouldn’t have given it a second thought but all of the other bats he had seen were near the caves and always at night. This one was staying around the living complex and it was out during the day time. Bats are nocturnal, for one to be out during daytime was rare. Time arrived at the cave and checked in with Frank to see how the night shift went. 
Frank was excited to see Tim this morning, “Tim your not going to believe this, but we found a new vein that is larger then the one we have been working.
Tim answered, “Show me Frank, Jacob is going to love this.”
Frank took Tim into the cave and they went fifty feet farther into the cave and Frank showed Tim the new vein. Not only was it larger then the other one but it looked to be purer than the one they are working. “Frank let’s get a sample from this vein and I’ll take it to Jacob and then on to Asheville to be examined.”
Frank took his chipping hammer and knocked out a chunk of the gold that weighed almost a pound. “This one looks like it will be easy to get the gold from.”
“Thanks Frank and keep up the good work.”
Tim headed back down the trail to the living complex and headed for Jacob’s house. Once he got to the living area he spotted the bat again. He better let Jacob know about the bat as well, it might be the one that escaped a while back.
Tim knocked on Jacob’s door and went into the house. He found Jacob, Dawn and Chuck sitting down to breakfast. Dawn offered to fix Tim some breakfast but he declined but said he would take a cup of coffee. By the time Dawn returned she saw the large chunk of gold sitting on the table. “Is that what I think it is?” Dawn asked.
“You bet it is Babe, Frank found a new vein and took this out of it this morning.”
“Oh wow this will really help out the pack.” Dawn answered.
“I’m going to take it to Asheville this morning to have it examined for purity, Hopefully it is as good as the current vein.”
“Good idea, do me a favor while your up in Asheville check in with Ben and see I they need anything while your up there.”
“I sure will, it’ll be good to see Ben.”
Tim thanked Dawn for the coffee and got up to leave but stopped and said, “Oh I almost forgot, there is a bat flying around the living area. I normally wouldn’t say anything but it’s out during daylight and it’s down here, I remembered that one that got away and thought I would let you know.”
“Thanks for letting me know. I’ll check it out.”
Tim left and headed for Asheville, he made the hour plus drive with no incident and arrived at the assayer’s office and went in, “Morning Jim, How you doing this morning?”
Doing good this morning, and what about you?”
“Having a good day so far. Have a nugget for you to check out for me today.”
“Be glad to, lets have a look.”
Tim removed the nugget from his bag and handed it to Jim. Jim whistled and said, “This one’s a beauty looks pretty pure. Give me an hour of so and I’ll have all the info for you and the cash for it.”
“That will work for me, I need to run over to our property up here so how about I come back after one?”
Great Jim handed Time a receipt for the nugget and Time left and headed out for the lodge. Tim made the short drive to the lodge and checked in with Ben.
“Hey there old man how you doing? Time said to Ben.
“Old man, I’ll show you old.” Ben joked.
“How’ it going over here? Jacob asked me to stop in and see if you needed anything while I was up here.”
“No everything is going good and I can’t think of anything we need.”
Ben asked time in and when Tim walked into the lodge office he was shocked at how much Ben and his people had done up here. The last time he was here it was nice but a little dated. This place looked like a five star resort.
“Wow you have made this place look exquisite, I have got to come up here for a weekend and spend some time with the family.”
“Thanks we have put in a lot of work up here.” 
“How about showing me around a little, I’ve got an hour to kill.”
“Be glad to.”
The two of them walked out of the office and to the ski lift area. Then over to the beginner slope and the kids area, They started to head over to the snowmobile area when Tim spotted two bats in the sky.
“That’s odd, this is the second time today I seen bats.”
“We see them all the time up here so not very odd.”
Think about it Ben, bats flying around during the day time. That usually doesn’t happen. The are usually out at night. Seeing one around the living complex at home and now two here this morning. Something is wrong.”
“Come to think of it your right. We’ll keep our eyes open.”
Ben finished the tour with Tim and thanked Ben and headed back to the assayer’s office to get the report on the gold he left there earlier. Tim walked back in the office and Jim told him he had a vein that was almost pure better then the one they had been working. Jim handed Tim an envelope that contained fifty-six thousand dollars, the weight of the gold was just over a troy pound of gold. Time thanked Jim and left and got in his car and headed home. He thought about the bats and he would let Jacob know about them when he got home. Tim made good time getting home and he pulled up in front of Jacob’s place and went in. He handed Jacob the money and said, “Jacob, we may have a problem, I spotted two more bats flying around up in Asheville. I told Ben about it and about the bat down here. He said he would keep hi eyes open.”
“Thanks Tim, maybe we need to put out patrols again.”
“I don’t think it would hurt.”
*****
The vampires checked in with Montgomery after completing their searches of the two Lycan territories. The vampire searching told their leader that he had found no sign of the woman around the home pack location. The two other vampires reported that they found the one named Ben and that they woman was located there as well.
“The news pleased Montgomery. He called the rest of the group together and told them that the attack plan would go into action in two days. The would attack the Asheville property at one in the morning on Thursday, they would attack in force. Montgomery laid out the map that they had drawn based on the information the two vampires had provided. He laid out each spot that the attack would take place from.
“Montgomery I have a problem killing were’s just to capture a woman. I understand the desire for the revenge against the Alpha that was responsible for the destruction of your brood, but I can’t kill just to capture someone.” Greg said.
“I never thought I would find a coward werewolf. Get out before I kill you myself. If you warn the pack of this attack you will be dead.” Montgomery screamed at Greg.
Greg promised not to say a word and he would be out of the area today never to return. Greg made his way thru the tunnel and got into his car, He headed in the direction of Charlotte. He wanted to get as far away as he could get, maybe head to Florida.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
Jacob had Mark set up patrol to keep an eye out for the bat and anything else that looked suspicious. He wanted to know if more bats showed up of if the one left. After a couple of days Mark reported that the bat was gone and had not been seen in the last day. That worried Jacob, he wondered if an attack was coming. He had Mark put  extra men along the back fence line, he wanted to be prepared for anything.
Ben got busy with confirming a reservation from two packs out of California that reserved the lodge for the upcoming weekend and forgot about the two bats flying around the lodge.
Ben had his people set up for the two packs coming in this weekend, he wanted to make sure that everything was all set. They would be in on Friday and this was Wednesday. If this event went well he hoped the word got out and he could keep the place booked for the summer.
Kelly the Beta in Asheville was overseeing the set up and when it was complete she called Ben and told him they were ready for him to come over. When Ben arrived and did the walk thru he was really impressed that there was nothing missing. He told Kelly what a good job she and rest of the people did. Ben left and went back to the office. Ben checked over the mail and there was nothing pressing. Looking at the hour he decided to head for his house and spend some time with Sally.
Ben and Sally talked about her doctor’s appointment in the morning, she was going to see Becky so that Becky could see why she had been late and then missed a heat cycle. Sally was really hoping that she was pregnant.  They decided to turn in for the night and get some good sleep before driving to Reidsville.
Ben woke to noise coming from his living room. He got up to go check it out and when he stepped out from his bedroom he was hit in the back of his head. He felt being kicked and punched all over. He tried to get up and saw the face of the vampire that had escaped Montgomery Templeton. The last thing Ben saw was the booted foot coming at his face. The men tied Ben up and took him to the lodge lobby
Sally woke to the fighting going on outside her bedroom door. She looked up to see four men beating on Ben with their feet, fists and a baseball bat. One of the men looked familiar but she couldn’t place him. The next thing she knew she was being grabbed by two others and they began slapping her, when she started to protest one of the men hit her in the jaw with a roundhouse punch that knocked her out. The men tied her up and took her to the lodge lobby.
Kelly was woke up by six men that had grabbed her and tied he up. She tried to shift to her wolf form but was tool late they had bound he hands and legs so that if she shifted she would still be tied. She started to scream when one of the men gagged her. She was now helpless to do anything to stop them. One of the larger men hoisted her over his shoulder and carries her down to a waiting car. The loaded her into the trunk and she felt the car pull away. She struggled to free herself from the ropes that had her tied up but she found no success. She was tied tight to the point that the ropes were rubbing her skin raw.
The attack party met at the lodge building and Kelly right away spotted the vampire Montgomery Templeton She tried to hear what the vampire was telling this crew but they were just out of ear shoot. Finally all of the Templeton’s crew had gathered and Templeton told his crew to kill the remaining Lycans. The attack crew were told to go from house to house to kill all the remaining Lycans.
At four thirty in the morning all of Templeton’s party had returned to the lodge lobby. They were all covered in blood. They reported in that there were no Lycans left alive they had killed all the men, women and children. Templeton was pleased with the report and he instructed them to tie the female Lycan up and sit he in front of the fireplace. Once that was completed he ordered the one called Ben to be woken. The men poured water over his head until he was awake, Ben still groggy from the beating he had taken looked around and saw Templeton and he was standing next to Sally. They had her tied up and Templeton had a big smile on his face. 
“Lycan this is for killing my leader and destroying our brood.” Templeton turned and he slit Sally’s throat from ear to ear. Ben screamed at the top of his lungs, “NOOOOO”. The men the gagged Ben and took him outside and tossed him in the trunk of one of the cars. The group then left for their underground home.
*****
Greg had arrived in Charlotte and the thought of the vampire and that motley crew killing all of the Lycans was eating at him. He glanced at his watch and it was one in the morning, the attack should be just getting started. No he couldn’t let it happen. He turned his car back towards Reidsville and pushed the speed on the way there. He arrived at the pack territory just a little after two thirty. He slid to a stop at the Alpha’s house and started banging on the door. Jacob came to the door and was ready to rip someone’s head off and he grabbed Greg by the shirt and said, “This had better be important mister or you may not like the results.”
“Sir I had to come tell you, the vampire Templeton is attacking your Asheville territory as we speak. He is going to kill everyone there. I came to tell you as soon as I could get away from them.”
“Tell me your joking and Ben put you up to this.”
“No, I’m not joking the attack is going on now. Your got to get up there.”
Jacob sounded the alarm and they pulled out at five after three and they headed or the lodge. The fastest he had ever made it up there was an hour and forty five minutes. They needed to be faster now. Greg rode with Jacob and he explained everything that had gone on over the last six months by Templeton. How he had been sent in to the pack to try t0 gain any information he could. Greg told Jacob that the only thing he told Templeton was about the lodge.
Jacob was counting on them still being there when they arrived. He hoped Ben and his families could hold off Templeton until they got there. Jacob had put together a fast thirty were’s and Becky and a medical team in less than half an hour and had another fifty more were’s following behind them.
An hour and fifteen minutes had passed when the pulled into the lodge. Jacob saw the lights on in the lobby and pointed his car there. They piled out of the car and burst into the lobby and spotted Sally right away. Jacob ran over to her and felt for a pulse “she is still alive get Becky in here ASAP.”
Becky was at the door when Jacob yelled and she pushed her way past the others and knelt down beside Sally, She looked at Jacob and said “I don’t think she is gonna make it. She has lost a lot of blood. I’ll do what I can here but if I can save her I am going to take her back to Reidsville.”
“Becky I’ve seen you work miracles and I need you to work one now.”
“I’ll do my best Jacob but no promises.”
Jacob stood up and he ordered, “check on everyone else and search the grounds I want Templeton’s head.”
The others formed up back at the lobby after an hour of checking one the rest of the pack that lived there.
Tim had all the others Report to him and once everyone had reported he would report to Jacob. As  members of the pack search party made their reports to Tim he sent them out searching the grounds for the vampire and any other thing they could find. Tim sent the other groups of pack members that arrived out to search for them as well. Now he had to go and give Jacob the bad news.
“Jacob, bad news, every were in the pack is dead, every man, woman and child all slaughtered.” Jacob fell to his knees at the news. “What about Ben?”
“We only found a little blood there and the same at Kelly’s my guess is they took them with them.”
“But where is where?” Jacob asked.
Becky had a couple of the men carry Sally to the small infirmary and she started working on her right away. She was able to get the bleeding slowed. She just didn’t have what she needed here. She had the males load Sally in her car and she left for her infirmary. Jacob walked over to Greg the look that Jacob had in his eyes was one of pure hatred. Greg guessed that he was a dead man, but instead Jacob said, “Greg thank you for having a consensus, I just hope we can save, Ben, Sally and Kelly. But let me ask you Why? Why would you turn against your own kind?”
Greg’s head fell and he said, “I caused some trouble when I was younger, I was tossed out of my pack, then I got blamed or some things that I had nothing to do with and the High Council labeled me a rouge. I’ve been on the run ever since. I was in it for the money, Templeton said it was all about gold, then he changed it to killing everyone. But I couldn’t stand by and watch other Lycans killed for no reason. That’s why I came to you. I could have been there sooner, when Templeton tossed me out I headed for Charlotte. When I got there I turned around and came right back.”
“I’m glad you came back, but you know I have to turn you over, and for that I am sorry.”
Greg nodded his understanding, he promised Jacob he wouldn’t run and that it was time to turn himself in. As far as I know he did say he was going to head for Tennessee to his brother’s place. I think Knoxville.”
Noon was approaching when everyone arrived back at the lobby all reporting that they had not seen anyone. Jacob ordered that everyone return except Tim and 50 members to remain behind and clean up.
“Tim I want this place spic and span cleaned before anyone comes home. We have a big event that Ben was really proud of landing and I want it to go on as scheduled.”
“I’ll take care of it Jacob.”
Jacob got into his car and headed home. Jacob checked his cell and saw he had a missed call from Mark, he called him back and Mark told him that a couple of hours ago there were six or eight cars that went blowing by the territory. They tried to get a location on them but they were long gone before they could get out on the road.
““Damn it we just missed them again” Jacob muttered out loud.
“What did you say?” Greg asked.
“I said we just missed them again, they blew by our property a couple of hours ago.”
“Do you have a map of your territory?”
“Yea, back in my office.”
“I know I’m out of line not belonging to your pack but I have an idea and I need to look at a map.”
“If you can help your not out of line.”
“Look Jacob you and your pack has treated me better then I could hope for and even after I could have helped prevent all of this had I came right to you. I owe you.”
When they arrived back at Jacob’s he got out the map of the territory and laid it out on the conference table. “Ok Greg here you go.”
Greg went to the map and started looking it over but what he had hoped to see wasn’t there. “Damn it it’s not here, do you have any idea what borders the back line of your property?” 
“Yea in fact I have a map that shows some of the area, We just took over some land back there from the brood we defeated in a war between them and us.”
“Can I see that map?”
“Give me a minute to find it.”
Jacob found the map and laid it out on the table. “Here you go.”
“This is the area that I was looking for but what I want isn’t on the map. There is a sewer line some where near here.” Greg pointing to an area on the map.
“I’m not aware of any sewer in the area at all.”
“I can show you where it is but there is only room for one person at a time to make thru the tunnel. They would pick off anyone trying to come in that way. But I have another idea. I think the underground complex is where the old house stood. I remember hearing Templeton talking about it.”
“Follow me.”
The went out side and Jacob told Greg to change to his wolf. Greg did and so did Jacob. They took off at a fast run and Jacob led him to the place where the house stood. They shifted back to their human form.
Jacob said “This is where the old house stood. Lets have a look around and see what we can find.”
They started combing the area but didn’t find anything, Jacob suggested that they get down on their hands and knees and move the ground around. They got down and started pushing the soil around after about an hour Greg hollered at Jacob to come to him. He pointed down to find a large brick floor.
“I can’t believe we missed it. It must have been hidden under the sub floor of the house.”
“Where do we go from here?” asked Greg.
“Lets get back to my place.”
They shifted back to their wolf form and headed back to Jacob’s. When they arrived they shifted back to human form and went inside. Dawn met them at the door and she passed along some information about Sally.
“Jacob, Becky called and wanted you to know that it still does not look good for Sally, she has lost a lot of blood. She has gotten the bleeding stopped and has stitched up her neck. She is keeping her knocked out and is hoping her Lycan physiology will help heal her and the last thing is she is pregnant, she may lost the pup from the loss of blood.”
“Get a hold of Gail and see if she can help in anyway with Sally.”
Jacob and Greg went into his office and Jacob called Mike and Alan and asked them to come over. When Mike and Alan got to Jacobs they were looking at the map and had marked the area of the brick floor they found, “Mike, Alan this spot is where Greg and I found a false brick floor but it is covered with dirt. We need to move the dirt and see if we can gain access to the complex under it. The more people we can get up there the faster we can get it uncovered.”
“We have almost the whole pack back here I’m sure we can get most of them up there.”
“Excuse me may I make a suggestion?” asked Greg.
“Go ahead.” Said Jacob.
“I noticed some bobcat’s when we came back, why don’t we put the blades on them and move the dirt that way?”
Jacob, Alan and Mike looked at each other and said “Now why didn’t we think of that.”
“Mike, take care of getting the cats up there and lets get clearing the ground.”
“We wont be able to start clearing until tomorrow morning, it will be dark when we get the cats up there.”
“Ok I want to have them in operation as soon as we can see.”
“I’ll take care of it Jacob.” Mike said.
“Alan I want a hundred men ready to go in the morning ready to get Ben and Kelly back.”
“We will be there and be ready.”
The next morning Mike had the bobcats where the old house use to be and they were starting to push the dirt away as soon as it was light enough to see. They made quick work removing the dirt. The next task was to find a way thru the brick. The group started searching the bricks looking for something that might be an entrance. They searched each brick and found nothing. Jacob made the decision to have someone bring hammers and chisels and pry bars up from the pack tool shed. When they arrived they wasted no time chipping the mortar away from between the bricks. As they cleared the mortar away they started using the pry bars to remove the bricks. As they removed bricks they found another layer of wood underneath. 
“You have to be kidding me, how many layers does this place have?” Jacob said in disgust.
Jacob started looking for a place where he could get a pry bar under some of the wood and after searching he found a place and pushed the pry bar under the wood. He pushed down on the pry bar and the nails gave easily. They grabbed the wood and pulled it off. Under the wood was a layer of dry wall. Jacob jumped on the dry wall and he fell thru to the underground complex.
Other were’s followed their Alpha down and they prepared to start the search. Jacob cracked open the door and looked around. He didn’t see anyone and the moved out into the hall. They moved around the complex checking every door. They hadn’t found any sign of life down here. Jacob called back for Greg who jumped down the opening Jacob had made in the dry wall. He joined Jacob and took over leading the pack thru the complex. They continued to search with no luck. They came to the last room and Greg told everyone to be careful the room behind the door was large and would make for an easy ambush place.
Greg wasted no time and rushed thru the room rolling as he hit the floor. The look of dejection showed on Greg’s face, no one was in the room.  Jacob entered the room and looked around and like Greg he didn’t see anything. “Well any place we might want to look?”
“Not that I know of Jacob. We were not allowed out of this area.”
As everyone entered the large open room. Jacob said “Ok everyone lets search this place with a fine tooth comb. I want at least one in wolf form trying to pick up scent.” Everyone scattered thru out the complex. After about an hour Mike hollered for Jacob. “We found what might be a door and we have scent.”
“Ok let’s see if we can get it open.”
The pry bars we sent down and the men tried to pry open the door. The door didn’t budge. Greg was searching the walls around the door and finally found a pull down lever hidden in the wall. Greg told Jacob and he said to open it.
When Greg pulled the lever the door slid open and a flash bang grenade went off. The flash from the grenade temporally blinded everyone in the room and most couldn’t hear from the bang, after a short while Jacob’s eyes began to clear and he started down the stairs that were behind the door. Greg followed Jacob, and when they reached the bottom there were several tunnels going off in different directions.
“Lets get some of the wolfs down here and see if we can pick up a scent.”
The wolfs picked up scent going down some of the tunnels, Jacob wanted five in wolf form and two human in human form in each of the tunnels. Followed by the same in another group. That made fourteen in each tunnel and if they found anyone in the tunnels they were free to attack as long as they could keep Ben safe.
Jacob shifted to wolf form and led one group down the tunnel that seemed to have Ben’s scent. The tunnels were dark but that didn’t hamper the wolfs, as Lycans in wolf form they have excellent and can see in the dark as good as in daylight. They moved at a fast pace slowing every now and then to re scent the air.
The tunnel that Jacob was in started to raise and they hurried on. The tunnel opened up into a large cavern. As they came into the cavern the didn’t see anyone nearby. They searched the cavern and all they found was the entrance. They moved out of the cavern and found themselves over looking the packs territory. They were not on pack territory but could see it clearly. Jacob tried to pick up the scent but had no luck. Jacob shifted back to his human form and looked at the group with him and told them he lost the scent when they came outside.
CHAPTER TWENTY
Jacob had his group split into two each and told them to try to pick up the scent. If they did they were to signal the rest of the group and wait for them to all rejoin as a group. They all left out and searched thru the rest of the day. No one picked up the scent again. Darkness arrived and they went back to their homes and all would meet at Jacob’s at six in the morning. Jacob went to the infirmary instead of going home. He found Dawn, Gail and Becky all sitting in the waiting area. All three of them looked as though they had lost their best friend. Jacob asked, “How is she doing?”
“She is still holding on.” Becky answered.
“What about her pup?”
“So far it’s holding on too.”
“We didn’t have any luck finding them today, we are going back out in the morning. I am not going to let them get away with what they did. Dawn, I have Greg outside and I’m going to let him stay in the guest room tonight.”
“Ok babe, I’ll get it ready when I get home and that won’t be long, One the three of us are going to be here all night. I’m taking the morning shift so I’ll be home soon.
“Ok I’ll see you when you get there.”
Jacob went back to his house with Greg and they talked about not finding anything today. Jacob thought he would go back up there tonight and take another look around.” He felt sure that they missed something today. Jacob made arrangements to have twenty five additional were’s to go with him, he was going to take Greg with him too.
Dawn came home and Jacob told her what he was going to do. She told him to be very careful and that she love him. Jacob told dawn that he love her as well.
Jacob and Greg went outside and found over a hundred volunteers waiting to go with him. They headed up to the opening that Jacob had made in the roof of the complex and they all shifted to wolf form and dropped down quietly. They slowly moved from the room that they had dropped into and slowly started checking each room. One in wolf form and one in human form. Jacob slowly made his way to the large room at the end of the complex. Jacob had Greg with him and kept him in wolf form so that if Templeton was down here he would not recognize Greg.
Jacob opened the door slightly and light came from the room. Using hand signals he motioned five other groups to come to the door. He quietly ordered them to all shift to wolf form and they burst into the room.
They entered the room to find seven people tied to the each other, Jacob went to the closest one and saw wires coming from his backside. Jacob ordered all of his were’s to stop and back out of the room. He looked at another of the captives and found wires coming from his back side as well. “What the hell?”
One of the people spoke up, “Please don’t touch us. Templeton wired us to explode if anyone tried to get us out of here. He traded us to keep his vampire brothers alive so the could make him die a slow death in payment for the killing of his leader. He has wired in such a way that if one of us gets free all of the bombs will go off and kill us all. That rat Templeton sold us out.”
“If you want your lives tell me where he went with Ben.”
“I wish I could tell you. All I know is he when down into the tunnels.”
“I’ll set you free but you don’t try to run, if you do my people will kill you, understand?”
“Yes sir I can speak for all of us no one will try to run. We all want the vampire dead.”
Jacob inspected the wiring on the bombs and thought to himself, the guy  doesn’t know hoe to wire bombs. These things wouldn’t  go off if you beat them with a bat.
“All right you seven when I count to three all of you stand up together. One, two three.”
The seven of them stood all at the same time and Jacob walked behind them and grabbed the white wire and pulled it. He called Greg in and handed him a knife and told him to cut the seven free.
“Greg asked, “Is it safe?”
Jacob laughed and said, “Yes it’s safe.”
Greg cut them all free and one of the captives asked, “Mister what are you going to do with us?”
“Well that depends on how helpful you are, you have killed of helped kill over fifty of my people in Asheville.”
“We were just following orders.” One of them protested.
“Greg what can you tell me about these people?”
“They are all like me, Lycans that are rogues. But I will say they are all pretty good people.”
“What made you follow Templeton?” Jacob asked.
‘He promised us wealth and freedom fro being chased anymore by the High Council.”
“Why didn’t you just ask to join a pack and ask forgiveness from the High Council? Unless you killed most anything would have minor punishment.”
“Lets just say we were all stupid.” One of the captives answered.
“Tim take them back to our territory and hold them. If any of you try to escape I will hunt you down and kill you myself.”
Tim took ten of his men and took the rouges back to their territory and held them in the gym. He placed the ten of his men as guards with orders to keep them from escaping.
“Everyone else go home tonight and be back at my place at six in the morning, we will resume looking for Ben them.” Jacob said.
*****
Templeton watched and his fellow vampires tied up the werewolves and then he had them place the explosives on them and connect the wires. If anyone tried to disconnect the wires or move the Lycans the homemade bombs would go off and kill all of them. Templeton had his brothers take the one called Ben and take him down to the tunnels and out to the cavern and tie him up in the back of it. The Alpha had already been thru it and he doubted he would come back.
“Yow Lycans have served me well. Now you will get your freedom when they try to move you.” Templeton said as he left them.
Templeton made his way to the cavern and saw his brothers had done as directed. The Lycan was tied up hands and feet tied  up so they held him off the ground and even if he tried to change into a wolf he could not escape. Templeton walked up to Ben and slammed a fist into his stomach and Ben yelped out in pain. Templeton had beat Ben every time they stopped to hide from the pack of Lycans.
“You will pay for all the pain and death you have caused my people.”
Ben looked at the vampire through swollen and black and blue eyes. He lips were puffed up and split open. Ben had suffered intense beatings at Templeton’s hands. Ben said, “You better not waste any time killing me because if I get free you wont suffer a slow death, I will kill you quickly. You talk about the pain I caused you, You and your pieces of shit vampires and wolfs killed twenty innocent families. And if you kill me my Alpha will hunt you down like the dogs that you are.”
Templeton’s rage grew and he slammed Ben in the face with his fist several times. Ben felt and heard bones breaking. Pain shot through Bens head and he fought the blackness that was coming over him. Ben muffled, “Is that the best you have.” The pain was almost unbearable, he knew his jaw was broken and was sure his eye socket was broken as well. His shoulders felt as though they had been pulled out of joint from hanging up against the wall.
Templeton slammed his fist into the side of Ben’s head again and then he took a baseball bat and swung it as hard as he could into Ben’s chest and The cracking of ribs echoed in the cavern. With the blow from the bat Ben passed out. Templeton looked at his fellow vampires and said, “ take shifts and keep him awake, I want him to feel the pain.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Kelly was finally coming awake, what ever the drugs that Templeton was giving her was keeping her either asleep of so far out of it she couldn’t do anything. The small torch was starting to come into focus and she realized she was in a cave. She tried to free herself from the ropes that held her tightly secured. She had a tingling in her hands and feet and she knew she couldn’t break free. She heard the footsteps in the cave before she saw the vampire. He grabbed the small torch and lit four more larger torches. The light from the torches lit the small cave up bright. Templeton looked at Kelly and said, “Now my dear don’t try to resist me it will go much easier on you if you freely give yourself to me.”
“Never you pig, you’ve killed everything I love, the only thing you will get from me is death.”
“Now, now my dear you won’t be able to resist me so you might as well just give up.”
Templeton kneeled down in front of Kelly and pulled her face up so she had to look into his eyes. He felt sure she was going in to a trance when suddenly she spit in his face. Startled Templeton slapped her across the face.
Templeton tried several more times to put her into a trance, “I don’t understand you should be totally under my control.”
“You fool, I’m already half vampire. Your leader William has already bitten me. The vampire DNA had started to take over when my Alpha forced me to change and my Lycan took over. So I am a Lycan vampire breed.”
“No it can’t be. I will take you for my own.”
“You won’t take me at all, I’m going to find a way to get loose and I will destroy you.”
“You wait you will be mine.” Templeton turned and extinguished the four big torches and left the small alcove.
A short wile after Templeton left one of the other vampires returned and gave Kelly another injection of the drug. In a matter of minutes Kelly was asleep.
*****
Dawn returned home at five in the morning and set to work fixing Jacob’s breakfast, though tired from her shift sitting with Sally she wanted to make sure that Jacob was well fed before going back out to search again.
Jacob came down stairs smelling the coffee, “How id Sally doing?” He asked.
“Not good, she seems to be doing worse today then when she got back here. Talking with Becky this morning after she examined her this morning, she feels that Sally won’t make it, but she isn’t going to stop trying.”
“Man I hope she and the pup make it, it will kill Ben if they don’t.”
“Speaking of Ben any luck finding him or Kelly?”
“No not yet but I think they re somewhere in the tunnels or maybe even the big cavern I was in yesterday.”
“Good luck I hope you find them today and that they are ok.”
“Thanks babe, Jacob pulled Dawn close and kissed her deeply before going out to meet the rescue party. When Jacob stepped outside he was shocked to see that almost every member of the pack was outside ready to go ad search for Ben and Kelly. Ben spoke, “Thank you for all showing up, I can’t use all of you today the area we are searching is just not a large of an area for all of you. I’m only going to take the hundred that helped yesterday. If we don’t find them we can swap out most of you and resume the search tomorrow. Again thank you all.”
The group of searchers from last night all formed around Jacob and he gave them instructions on where to search today. Tim was going to take a part of the group and head to the spot that Jacob had come out of the cavern. Jacob looked around and he didn’t see Greg. He would have to deal with that later Ben and Kelly were more important.
They arrived at the brick floor to the underground complex just in time to see Greg crawling out. “Greg what are you doing up here?” Jacob asked suspiciously.
“I came up early and searched the complex again. I followed a scent to the lower level and I followed it to the large cavern. I know that’s where they are Jacob.”
“Tim you take twenty and go to the spot where the cavern comes out and guard it. Nothing comes in or out, I don’t care if it’s a roach. Nothing in or out.”
“You got it Jacob.” Tim replied. He selected his twenty and headed for the mouth of the cavern. Jacob left twenty to guard the top of the entrance he made yesterday and took the remaining sixty with him. Jacob was the first to jump down the hole and the rest followed. Jacob split the remaining into groups of ten and they searched the complex again. Finding nothing they moved down to the lower level, they slowly searched the level and found nothing. Jacob took his group and followed the tunnel to the cavern.
Just before they came to the opening her had his group all shift to their wolf form. They quietly entered the cavern and split up into groups of two and started to search the cavern. Franks and his partner headed off to the far right and had moved about thirty feet in when he spotted a small light flickering. They slowly moved toward the light and when they could see the light they spotted two vampires standing guard. Frank sent his partner back to get some help he wanted to take out the guards before they could sound an alarm.
It was just a couple of minutes when Frank’s partner returned with four more wolf’s the slowly advanced on the vampires and because of the low light they didn’t see the six wolfs until it was too late. The six wolfs made short work of the two vampires knocking them out and tying them up. They shifted back to their human form and Frank moved into the alcove and grabbed the small torch, as he moved along the wall he found another torch and he lit it off of the small torch. He moved the torch around and he spotted Kelly tied up along the back wall. He knelt down and checked her and found she was knocked out. He told the others to take her back to the infirmary and then get back here he was going to go let Jacob know that they found Kelly and that she was on her way home. Frank shifted back to wolf form and headed back to find Jacob.
It took Frank fifteen minutes to find Jacob and when he did he shifted back to human form and told Jacob that they had found Kelly and he had his partner and four other to take her to the infirmary. Jacob’s wolf nudged Frank to let him know that he understood him. Frank changed back to his wolf form and joined Jacob in searching for Ben.
They moved deeper into the cavern but still were not finding anything They had moved almost to the back wall of the cavern and were about to turn around when Jacob caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. Jacob stopped and looked in the direction of the movement and stared against the darkness to see if there was anything back there. Jacob slowly started to move in the direction of the movement. The fur on the back of his neck stood straight up. Jacob slowed his pace and a form started to become visible sitting against the back wall. It moved again and Jacob crouched ready to attack. He crept forward and the form became visible and it was Ben. Jacob continued to move slowly towards Ben not wanting to get surprised by the vampires.
Jacob had almost reached Ben when someone yelled out “Jacob above you.”
The eleven vampires were on Jacob before he could react. The vampires were trying to bite Jacob but his heavy coat of fur was making it hard for them. One of the vampires was about to sink his fangs into Jacob when the first wolf got to Jacob. 
Greg had spotted the vampire preparing to sink his fangs into Jacob when he leaped at the vampire and caught his throat in his mouth. He shook his head violently and ripped a large chunk of the vampires neck out filling his mouth with the sour taste of the vampires blood. He continued the attack on the vampires neck until it’s head rolled away. Greg turned his attention to another of the vampires attacking Jacob. The other wolfs joined the fight and there were heads of the vampires rolling all over the floor of the cavern. When the fight was over Greg checked the head of each vampire and Templeton was not among them. Jacob had the wolfs change to human form and take the bodies of the vampires to the surface and burn them. Once the bodies were burnt he instructed them to make another fire half a mile away and burn the heads. Then burry the ashes from the bodies separately from the heads  at least a half mile apart.
Greg and Jacob freed Ben and Jacob picked him up and headed for the surface Greg stayed in wolf form to provide protection for Jacob and Ben until they reached the surface. Once on the surface Tim had his team take Ben and the took turns carrying Ben to the infirmary. Jacob beat them to the infirmary and had Becky standing by when they arrived. They took Ben right to the back treatment room and laid him on the table. Becky chased everyone out of the treatment room and went right to work on Ben.
Becky had her hands full in the infirmary with Sally, Kelly and now Ben, she didn’t want anyone else around until she could get some order back in the infirmary. She had Dawn and Martha chase everyone away and to tell them she would call Jacob once she had things under control.
Jacob wanted all the Beta’s back at his house. in fifteen minutes, he wanted a meeting. Jacob was concerned that Templeton had someone on the inside. The bastard knew he was coming. All the Beta’s arrived and Jacob told them to have a seat. “Some how Templeton knew we were coming he bailed out before we could get to him. The only person that I think could have done it is Greg. He came out of the complex just as we got there. I think we need to put him under lock and key until we have Templeton.”
“Jacob one piece of information you may not have is he stopped by my house this morning around two and told me he was heading to the complex to search it. He said he wanted Templeton dead and he knew if you got him first he wouldn’t be able to kill him.” Mark said.
“I want him in here, Mark.”
“I thought you would, I have him right outside.”
Greg came into the house and stood before the Beta’s and Jacob. “Greg I want the truth, did you have anything to do with warning Templeton?”
“Jacob I promise you I had nothing to do with it. He was gone when I got to the complex this morning. I know his scent and it was nowhere to be found this morning.”
“Greg I’m inclined to hold you under lock and key but so far you haven’t lied to me. Against my better judgment I’m not going to do that, from now on your stuck to me like glue. You don’t go anywhere unless I am with you. Do you understand?”
“I may not like that but I do understand Jacob.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Templeton had left the complex at one in the morning and headed up the foothills of the mountains, He had to get away from the Lycans, there were too many to take on right now. He hoped that the vampires he had left in the cave would first kill the Alpha and then get away themselves but he knew that they wouldn’t survive to do that. Some sacrifices had to be made to get the results he wanted.
His cabin in the mountains was unknown to any of the group he has gathered. He needed to take some time and figure out how to get the Kelly and Ben away from the rest of the pack. He has an idea but it would take some planning, this was one he needed to do by himself.
When Templeton arrived at his cabin he checked to make sure that no one had been there since his last visit on the way to his brothers. The cabin was totally secure, not even an animal had visited the cabin.
Templeton went into the cabin and the first thing he did was build a fire in the fireplace. Next he went to the basement and set up his shortwave radio. Then he went to his refrigerator and obtained a jar of animal blood and he sat down and ate. After finishing his bottle of blood he returned to his basement and turned on his shortwave radio.
Templeton made contact with a friend of his in Romania and told him what he needed. His friend said he would sent the items out right away and he should have them in a few days. He was ordering  one pound of pure mercury. It was always said silver would be the one thing that would kill a Lycan but it won’t mercury often referred to as quick silver is what is used to kill a Lycan but it must be pure. The only place to get pure silver without bringing attention to oneself is from Romania.
*****
After all of the Beta’s went home Jacob asked Greg, “Do you think you can track him and separate his scent from all of the rest of ours.”
“I know I can and I know he couldn’t have gone far. He just isn’t that fast. My guess is he is in the mountains somewhere.”
“What makes you think that?”
“Just a hunch Jacob, Just a hunch.”
“No one knows this but you and me, we are leaving at midnight, don’t tell anyone.”
“Anything you say.”
Another question who all did you tell you were going to the complex this morning.”
“I told Mark Shuttle and Tom Roberts.
“Tom, he came to us from the Asheville pack.”
“He was the first one here to befriend me.”
“OK here is what I want you to do. Tell him we are going back to the complex in a couple of hours. We are going to search it again.”
“Is he the one that warned Templeton?”
“I don’t know for sure, but we are going to find out.”
Greg went to Toms house and the got together for a while. “Oh hay, I forgot to tell you we are headed back to the complex again in an hour or so. Jacob wants to check it out again. He wants to see if we missed Templeton. Man he had a hard on for him.”
“Cool hope they find him.”
“Hey man I need to get going Jacob wants me with him.”
“Ok I’ll catch you later.”
Jacob and Mark were watching outside Tom’s window and as soon as Greg walked out of the house Tom picked up the phone and dialed a number. “Yes Mr. Templeton they are searching the complex again in a couple of hours. Just thought you should know.” The hung up the phone.
Jacob and Mark walked to the front door and knocked and when Tom saw who it was his heart sank. “Why Tom, Why sell us down the drain to a vampire?”
“One word Money.”
“Take him Mark put him with the others.”
Midnight arrived and Greg and Jacob headed to the cavern and Greg picked up Templeton’s scent right away.
“He headed west into the mountains.”
“Let’s go I want him.”
Greg tracked him with ease, They came to a small café and stopped for breakfast. They chatted a little about Greg and the troubles he had been having growing up. When they finished breakfast the headed picked up the scent and headed back into the woods. They tracked the scent for another ten hours and they both decided to stop for the night. Jacob went out and killed a couple of rabbits and brought them back. They ate their rabbit meal and curled up for the night.
Sun rise woke Greg and he looked around for the Jacob. He found him a short way from their bed and Greg’s wolf looked in the direction that Jacob was looking. Jacob changed back to his human form followed by Greg. 
“What were you looking at?’ asked Greg.
“I caught a wispier of smoke off in the distance and I watched until I saw it again. There is a cabin that way.”
“That is the same direction that Templeton’s scent is heading.” 
The both shifted back to their wolf form and headed in the direction of the cabin following the scent of Templeton. It took until two in the afternoon before they reached the cabin. They both shifted back to their human form and Jacob said, “Lets get a little sleep I want to move in after night falls.”
“Why wait that long?”
“We have been on the trail for almost a day and a half, I want us fresh when we take on Templeton.”
 The changed back to their wolf forms and curled up for some shut eye. The smell of smoke woke both Greg and Jacob. They shook their heads and stretched out. Jacob moved closer to the cabin and he shifted back to his human form. He glanced in the windows and he spotted Templeton sitting in a chair drinking a bottle of blood.
Jacob shifted back to his wolf form and started to move back to Greg when he suddenly turned around and plunged thru the window breaking it  and causing glass to fly everywhere. He flew thru the window and landed right on top of Templeton. The vampire tossed the wolf off of him and got ready for another attack. He was surprised to find a wolf coming right at him. He tried to dodge the attack but the wolf Grabbed hold of Templeton’s and bit off three of his fingers. Templeton stood there and looked at the wolf who was circling and he said “How did you find me, no one could track me here.”
“I can” came a voice from behind him.
Templeton turned his head and saw Greg standing there. “I thought I got rid of you.”
“You might have but I couldn’t stand by and let you get away with killing innocent Lycans.”
“After I take care of this Lycan I will take care of you.”
He turned back to Jacob and said, “come on Lycan give me your best.”
Templeton didn’t know what he was asking for, Jacob feigned a leap at his leg and went right for the vampires throat. Templeton went to block Jacob and when he did it exposed his throat to Jacobs mouth. Jacob grabbed hold the vampires neck and shook it violently tearing a big chunk of flesh from the vampire. Jacob kept biting the vampire every time the vampire moved. Templeton finally gave up his legs had severe bit marks as well as his arms, He was missing an ear and part of his neck had been torn away. The two Lycans bound Templeton in such a fashion that even if he had shape shifted he would not be able to get away.
Jacob picked up his phone and called Mike. In less than thirty minutes Mike pulled in with a box truck. They loaded Templeton into it and they rolled down the door. Jacob turned to Mike and said “thanks.”
“How did he get here so fast?” Greg asked.
“I had my GPS locater active and Mike has been following us by road. I didn’t feel like walking back.”
“Smart.”
They loaded Templeton into the trunk of the car after giving him something to knock him out for the trip home.
The trip back to the packs territory only took five hours compared to the eighteen hours they took tracking Templeton. When they arrived Templeton was locked in a room in the gym separate from the Lycans.
Jacob with Greg in tow went to the infirmary to check in with Becky and see how Sally, Ben and Kelly were all doing. Becky was glad to see Jacob, she told him that Kelly was going to be fine and that she would be released in the morning, Ben would be released in the next day or two. He had taken quite a beating, He had a broken Jaw, several broken Ribs and numerous bruises all over his body. Sally on the other hand was still holding on but still in very critical condition. Becky said the next twenty four hours were most critical for her. If she lived past that she would most likely live.
Jacob was happy about the first two but wanted to know if there was anything he could do to help with Sally. Becky told him that time was what would heal her.
Jacob and Greg left to go to Jacob’s house and get something to eat and turn in for the night.
CHAPTER TWENTY – THREE
The next morning Jacob was up early the next morning and was on the phone with the Lycan High Council, he informed them that he was holding seven Lycans that were involved in the killing of twenty families totaling seventy six Lycans among them women and children. The council informed Jacob that they were sending a retrieval unit to escort the rouges to the High Council. As far as the Vampire that was Jacob’s problem they wanted no part of it.
Jacob then asked if they had received the information for a background check on Greg Jackson. They reported they had received the request and they wanted to know if he was with the pack. Jacob told them that he was with them. The High Council told Jacob that he was also a rouge and that they would be taking him back with the others. Jacob asked what it would take for him to stay with his pack.. The High Council told Jacob that he would need to personally vouch for him and take responsibility for him. Jacob told the council he would do that provided he joined the pack, if he refused to join then Jacob would send him back.
Jacob was sitting in the living room holding Chuck in his lap when Greg came down stairs, He went and poured himself a cup of coffee he returned to the living room and sat down. 
“Greg I’m glad you’re here before anyone came over. I have a question for you.”
“What would that be Jacob?”
“Would you be interested in joining the pack? We can use a man like you around here.”
“But you already know that I’m classified as a rouge. Why would you want me?”
“Greg you have gone above and beyond while you’ve been here. You have more then done what is needed to start fresh. I’m offering you that chance.”
“Can I have some time to think on it?”
“Take all the time you need. But I want you to know that I would welcome you to the pack.
“Thanks, Jacob that means a lot.”
“One more thing, the you don’t go anywhere without me is no longer in effect.”
“Thanks  again.”
Dawn came in the front door and Jacob asked “Where were you I missed you this morning.”
“I was at the infirmary again. It looks like Kelly will be out soon and Ben maybe tomorrow for bed rest at home. Sally, still don’t know.”
“God I hope she makes it.”
“The pack is pulling for her.”
There was a knock on the door and Mark walked in. “Morning everyone, Jacob I checked in on our prisoners and everyone is all accounted for and some are raising hell at being kept locked up. Templeton is the worst, he is threatening to kill everyone in the pack.”
“Thanks for the update Mark, I still need to think about what to do with Templeton. I would like to talk with Ben and get his feelings, but I don’t want to wait too long. The longer I wait the better chance he could get away.”
“Jacob, what do you want to do with the underground complex? I would really prefer not to leave it open, I don’t want anyone falling in and getting hurt.”
“Cover the hole for now, I’ll make a decision in a day or two.”
Mark left and Jacob went into his office and called Asheville, Scott answered the phone and Jacob asked how things were going. Scott informed him that he was ready for the two packs from California. They were all set. Things were looking good again now he just wanted to get the Templeton issue settled.
 Jacob called Gail and asked her to come to his office. Jacob was going thru his bills when Gail arrived.
“Gail, please have a seat, I have a question for you?”
“Please Jacob ask away.”
“Can the curse of vampirism be removed?”
“Well yes it can but it is a long and painful process.”
“What does it take?”
To remove the curse you must inject the vampire with one of two diseases, they are yellow fever or diphtheria. The disease must run it’s course, the vampire DNA will be destroyed because it is the stronger DNA. Once the vampire DNA is destroyed then and only then can he be treated for the disease. Once that is accomplished the vampire is cured from the curse. The other way is the king of it’s blood line must be killed.
“I think the disease will be the easier to accomplish. Thank you Gail, I need to talk to Becky then.”
Ben decided to take the rest of the day off and spend it with Dawn and Chuck.
Chuck, Dawn and Jacob packed a few items for the park and headed out to have an enjoyable day of family time. Chuck loved to run in the park and play with the other pups in the pack. The other pups always seemed to pay attention to what Chuck did and they always followed his lead. Jacob looked at Dawn and said, “That pup is going to be an Alpha someday.”
“He’s just like his daddy, stubborn and hardheaded but always fair with the other pups.”
The day went by too quickly for Jacob, he was enjoying the day and no one brought any problems to him today. The sun was starting to set and Jacob pulled Dawn close to him.
Unable to resist, he held her tight, grinding their hips together, making his desires known. He felt her body jerk, her quick inhalation a quiet hiss as she registered his arousal. Leaning even closer, he nuzzled her neck and spoke directly into her ear, his voice rough with need.
“Feel what you do to me.”
She clenched her hands where they rested on his chest, her nails scraping lightly through the material. A groan escaped his lips. Her muscles tensed, and after a pause, she answered breathily. “Me too.”
“Really?” He leaned back and studied her flushed face, her heavy lidded eyes. Through her thin t-shirt he could see her erect nipples. It was like a punch to his gut and he tightened his grip on her even more. “Do you want to go back home?”
A quick nod was followed by a husky “Yes.”
Her acquiescence notched his desire up even more and he barely registered how they left the park or got home.
When they arrived back at home, Dawn grabbed Jacob and pulled him to her and placed her lips on his.
The feel of her warm mouth was his undoing. He teased her lips intending to go slow, but when she opened for him he couldn’t help himself. Slipping his tongue inside the warm cavern, he stroked and explored, the tang of orange soda mixing with her sweetness.
He slid his hands around her body and leaned in, pressing her back against the chair. She shifted around and rubbed her calf against his leg while skimming her hands up and down his back. Grabbing the edge of her shirt, he pulled it up then smoothed his palm over her stomach. It quivered at his touch and excitement flared within him. His wolf narrowed its eyes, intent on its goal. A growl rose in his throat and she responded with a whimper, clutching him even more closely. She was eager, and willing.
“Yes,” his wolf murmured. “time for our mate.”
Jacob broke the kiss and gave his head a small shake, warning his wolf to remain controlled before returning to nuzzle Dawn’s neck. He couldn’t seem to get enough of her scent, inhaling deeply so that it filled him, reaching out to every corner of his being. It wrapped around him, breaking down his reserves and he revelled in the sense of freedom that burst to life inside him.
“She is ours. With her we can be ourselves, wild and unrestrained.” The beast within growled at him, but before he could respond, Dawn pulled his mouth to hers again and the sliding of lips and tongues made all else fade from his mind.
Soon their hearts were pounding, their hands pulling at the barrier of cloth that separated them.
Breaking the kiss, Dawn gasped. “upstairs. Now.”
They stumbled up the stairs and into the bedroom. As the door clicked shut, desire took over until all that existed was the inferno of feeling between them.
How they ended up naked on the bed he didn’t know or care. She was there beneath him, her hair spread out on the pillows like a fiery halo, her green eyes staring up at him hungrily. Her skin gleamed in the moonlight that illuminated the room, every curve seductively calling for him to worship her.
How could one female be so beautiful? So desirable? He skimmed his hands down her body, her moans of delight driving his own desire ever higher until he could barely think. She was everything he’d ever dreamed of, warm and soft and lush.
Jacob felt the desire to push his shaft into Dawn, but he wanted her to reach a fury before sliding between her willing thighs and sinking slowly into her hot body. As her walls enclosed his throbbing shaft and her gasp filled his ears, he shuddered, 
Jacob moved his hips deliberately, drawing out the moment, listening to her sighs and moans of pleasure. The sound wrapped around his heart, but he couldn’t concentrate enough to wonder why. Feeling was all that existed. A delightful pressure was building inside him, starting at the base of his spine, and expanding with every slow thrust.
Skin sliding against skin, warm and wet. Panting breaths, inarticulate sounds. Dawn was clutching at his back, urging him onward while his own wolf was pushing impatiently at the restraints he imposed.
The animal wanted out. His jaw ached as his canines partially extended. Jacob shook his head and tried to force them back. No. No biting. Despite the command he found himself shifting position. His hands were no longer on her hips; they were bracing his weight on either side of her head. He was leaning forward, eyes focussed on the slim column of her neck.
Dawn whimpered, her head thrown back, her throat exposed. He licked the vein at the side, then ran his teeth over the area not breaking the skin, but wanting to, desperately. His body shook with the need and he jerked his head back, clenching his jaw.
Focus on this, he told himself as he gave a hard, deep thrust. The wetness, the heat, the clenching of her body around his as she started to climax. Dawn dug her nails into his skin and he welcomed the small erotic pain.
“Jacob...?” There was a hint of panic her voice. He blinked, sweat stinging his eyes as he tried to see her clearly. Her pupils were dilated, a hint of canines showed between her parted lips. It was so damned sexy. She rolled her head from side to side, then stiffened and cried out.
For a moment he watched her come. Just knowing he’d driven her to such a loss of control filled him with deep satisfaction while at the same time, driving his own desire impossibly higher.
He gave into his own need then, dropping his head into the crook of her neck. Giving up the fragile hold he had on his control, he began thrusting even harder and faster, the primitive search for pleasure dominating his mind and blocking out all else. When his own release came, it was explosive and freeing as nothing had ever been before. He groaned deeply, a long drawn out shudder wracking him as his seed spilled from his body.
Collapsing on top of her, he struggled to draw in air. His heart was pounding and his thinking was fuzzy. God, that had been like nothing he’d ever experienced before.
They cuddled together and fell asleep.
Morning came too soon and still half asleep himself, Jacob didn’t bother to remind his beast who was in charge. He was tired and it felt good just to drift along as an observer. Without even being aware, he began to stroke Dawn’s back, cupping her hips to pull her closer. She whimpered softly and nuzzled him, her tongue licking at his collarbone before gently biting down.
A pleased rumble rose from his chest and he rolled onto his back taking her with him, enjoying the feel of her blanketing his body. Tangling his fingers in her hair, he raised her head to kiss her and she responded with enthusiasm, gripping his shoulders, then caressing his chest. His groin stirred to life as she wiggled on top of him and then worked her hands beneath the waistband of his boxers. He found the hem of the t-shirt she was sleeping in and slipped his hand underneath.
The need to connect with her surged within him. She felt so soft and warm while inside. 
He ran his hands up and down her back, relearning the feel of her, the curve of her hips, the sweetness of her breasts. She straddled his thighs, pleasuring him with her hand while he kneaded her soft buttocks. It felt so good...
Like an inferno, a sudden frantic need seemed to burst to life inside both of them. Clothing was pushed aside and a frenzied coupling began. It was wild and fast and unrestrained. Flesh hitting against flesh, panting breaths, moans of delight. Tension coiled low in his belly then her body clamped down hard around him. Her cries of ecstasy sent him over the edge and he gripped her hips tightly, thrusting hard and deep before spilling his seed with a groan of pleasure.
When he came back to himself, she was sprawled on top of him, her hair spilling over his chest, her legs entangled with his. The contrast between her creamy skin and his darker tan seemed incredibly erotic and unexpectedly he felt himself hardening yet again.
“Hey,” he whispered.
“Hey yourself.” Dawn lifted her head up to look at him with a glowing expression, curls damply clinging to her face. “That’s quite the way you have of starting the day.” A smile played over her lips as she gently traced the bridge of his nose with her finger tip.
Jacob finally pulled himself out of bed and headed for the shower today was going to be a very busy day, he had to deal with Templeton and then with the arrival of the California packs at Asheville. When he finished his shower he dressed and headed downstairs. Dawn had already made the coffee and she told him she would be back down in a little while she was going up to shower. 
While having his morning coffee he called Mark and Greg and told both of them he wanted to see them.
CHAPTER TWENTY – FOUR
When Mark and Greg arrived at Jacob’s he said, “I want both of you to stay with Templeton this morning or as long as Becky needs the two of you. If what we are going to do works on him, he may be out of our hair in the next day or two. Any time he isn’t locked up I want both of you with him.”
“We will take care of it Jacob, don’t you worry about him at all.” Mark said.
Mark and Greg left and went to the infirmary to see if Becky was ready for Templeton. When they checked in with Becky she informed them she was ready for the vampire.
Mark and Greg went and got Templeton and returned to the infirmary with him. They strapped him to the table and Becky gave him an injection to put him to sleep. Once Templeton was asleep she inserted an IV into his arm and then walked to her refrigerator and got the live Yellow Fever virus. She drew up a syringe full of the virus and injected it into Templeton’s IV. In less then an hour Templeton started convulsing and his fever rose. Becky would have to take constant blood tests to ensure when the vampire DNA was gone. Once it was gone she had the necessary antibiotic’s ready.
Becky called Jacob and informed him the process had began. Jacob told Becky to keep him informed on the process. Jacob told Dawn that he was getting ready to head to Asheville. He wanted to be there when the California packs arrived because Ben was still out of commission.
Jacob went outside and got into his car and started to leave for Asheville when he spotted Kelly coming toward him. He stopped and waited for her to reach his window.  “Jacob are you headed to Asheville this morning?”
“Yes I am, I want to be there when the two packs arrive today..”
“Can I get a ride from you? I need to get home.”
“Climb in, it will be nice to have some company on the trip up there.”
She had heard what was happening Templeton and she asked, “Jacob what if the treatment being done on Templeton doesn’t work?”
“Don’t you worry about that, he will be taken care of one way or another.”
“That’s good to know.”
The remainder of the drive to Asheville was consumed talking about the events that let to her finding out about being a Lycan and her role as a female Beta. When the pulled into the lodge Scott was glad to see Jacob and Kelly. He informed Jacob that the first pack from California was on their way in and should arrive within the hour.
“Is everything ready for their arrival?”
Scott replied, “Yes we have all the rooms ready they have bottles of Champagne and hors· d'oeuvres  in the rooms of the Alpha’s, all of the other rooms have stocked wet bars. All the pools are heated to seventy five degrees and all the trails are clean and ready for anyone that wants to run as a wolf.”
“Sounds good to me, Scott I am going to leave you here in charge until Ben is able to return.”
“Kelly the only reason I’m not putting you in charge is Scott has more experience in dealing with Lycans. I’ll be here until both Alpha’s are checked in. After that you two have it. I’ll leave my number with both of the Alpha’s but I’m going to encourage them to deal with you two.”
The first caravan of cars pulled into the lodge, it was the group from North Los Angels the car carrying the Alpha stopped at the lobby and the LA Alpha got out. “I’m looking for Ben Johnson, I’m Jeffery Fallon the Alpha from North LA.”
“Jeffery it is a pleasure to meet you and welcome to Asheville, I’m Jacob Matthews the Alpha from Reidsville and Asheville. I came up to meet you folks, Ben had a accident and won’t be available during your stay. I’ve sent one of my Beta’s Scott, up here and he will be here during your stay. Also here is Kelly and she is the Beta from Asheville, but she has limited experience in interaction with Lycans. They will provide you with my direct phone number, but if something happens I encourage you to work with Scott and Kelly.”
“Thank you Jacob and it is a pleasure to meet you also.”
“If you will go inside they will get you all checked in and show you to your rooms. I hope you enjoy your stay with us.”
“I do have one question for you, has the East LA group checked in yet?”
“No not yet.”
“Good, thank you.”
Jeffery and his group walked into the lobby and in no time they were being escorted to their rooms.
Jacob went into Ben’s office and made a quick look at the mail and took care of anything that needed attention right away, He was just finishing up when Scott walked in and told Jacob that another group of cars was coming in.
“Thanks Scott, I’ll be right out.”
Jacob walked out of the lobby just as the second car pulled up and stopped, the Lycan stepped out and said, “I’m Simon Richards the Alpha of the East LA Pack. I would like to see Ben Johnson.”
“Simon it is a pleasure to meet you and welcome to Asheville, I’m Jacob Matthews the Alpha from Reidsville and Asheville. I came up to meet you folks, Ben had a accident and won’t be available during your stay. I’ve sent one of my Beta’s Scott, up here and he will be here during your stay. Also here is Kelly and she is the Beta from Asheville, but she has limited experience in interaction with Lycans. They will provide you with my direct phone number, but if something happens I encourage you to work with Scott and Kelly.”
“Thank you Jacob and it is a pleasure to meet you also.”
“If you will go inside they will get you all checked in and show you to your rooms. I hope you enjoy your stay with us.”
Simon and his group walked into the lobby and in no time they were being escorted to their rooms.
Jacob went back into the lobby and told Scott and Kelly that he was going to head back to Reidsville and take care of business there. Jacob got into his car and made the drive back home. During the drive home Jacob kept getting a nagging feeling like something just wasn’t right. He would need to keep an eye on Asheville this weekend.
Jacob drove to the infirmary to check in with Becky. “Well Becky how is it going.”
“So far it is going smoothly, Templeton is about half way through  the process. I would expect sometime early evening tomorrow. I’m going to give it a little more time after all the vampire DNA is gone before I start treating the Yellow Fever. Then I’ll wipe his memory and we can drop him off somewhere.”
“Good job, if anything arises keep me informed. Now how is Sally doing?”
“She is actually getting a little stronger. With any luck she should be wakening soon.”
Jacob smiled and nodded his head and headed for home.  Dawn met him at the door and planted a big wet kiss on Jacob’s lips, Jacob eagerly returned the kiss but pulled away and said. “before we get started on something else how about some dinner, I’m starved.”
Dawn poked him in the ribs and went into the kitchen and prepared dinner for them. Jacob started towards Dawn after dinner and his phone rang. It was Scott and he just wanted to let him know that the two packs were getting a little rowdy. Jacob asked him if he wanted or needed some security up there. Scott told him not right now.
“Keep an eye on them, I really don’t want anything getting torn up.”
“Not a problem I’ve told them to keep it down some and I spoke with the Alpha’s said they would hold it down.” Scott said.
“Ok Scott, let me know if you need anything.”
“Will do Jacob.” And Scott hung up.
Jacob turned to Dawn and said, “I don’t know why but I have a bad feeling about having both of the packs up in Asheville at the same time.”
“Why, dot you think the two packs don’t get along?”
“I really don’t know both of the Alpha’s seemed ok.”
“You’ve got good people up there babe, let them do their jobs, they will call if they can’t handle it.”
“I know they will, it’s just the Alpha in me worrying about things.”
“I think I’m going to go for a run, want to come along?”
“I’d love to babe but I don’t have anyone to watch Chuck right now.”
“Shuck’s I would love to run with you again, we haven’t done it in a while.”
“I know but you know the pup comes first.”
“Yea I know that, ok sweetheart, I’ll be back in a couple of hours.”
Jacob went outside and shifted into his wolf form and headed to the north tail. Once on the trail Jacob’s wolf started out a an easy gait and his wolf loved the freedom of the run. The wolf wanted to go faster and increased his speed to a quick run. Jacob came to the vee in the trail. He took the left trail knowing it would take him to the lake and falls.
Jacob reached the lake and stopped to lap some water. His wolf wanted to jump in the water and swim for a while. He jumped in the water and swam to the rocks along side of the falls. He thought he would go into the cave behind the falls and explore. His wolf made his way across the rocks and entered the cave.
For where the cave sat it had a surprisingly amount of light coming into the cave. Jacob walked into the cave further and he was shocked at the size of the cave. It was large and he would have to come back here and spend the day exploring it.
Jacob’s wolf returned to the mouth of the cave and was behind the falls. He jumped thru the falls and landed in the lake. He swam to the shore and came out of the water. He shook most of the water off and took off running back to his house, When he reached his front porch he shifted back to his human form. He was gone almost two and a half hours but he felt invigorated. He walked into the house and found Dawn laying on the couch fast asleep. He walked over to her and hoisted her into his arm and Dawn stirred a little but didn’t wake up. He carried her upstairs and laid her out on the bed, he stripped down and went and took a shower. After his shower he climbed into bed next to Dawn.
The following morning Jacob and Dawn walked to the infirmary, they wanted to check on Ben and Sally. They entered the infirmary and they spotted Ben sitting up in the chair in the waiting room.
“Well looks like someone is feeling better.” Dawn said.
“A little better, still very sore.” Ben replied.
“I’ll tell you Ben you took one hell of a beating.” Jacob said.
“Yea I know but it’s not me I’m worried about. You know I thought they killed Sally, I was shocked when I found out that she was here and still alive. I had a long talk with Becky and she told me it was still touch and go but she was betting on Sally now. She said a couple of days ago she wouldn’t have bet that way. Then I over heard her talking with Gail about Templeton and I found out what you were doing to him. Jacob, I want the bastard dead.
“I really understand that Ben, I’m going to turn him over to the High Council if they will take him. Right now they have left it all up to me on how to punish him, other than taking the vampire curse away from him, I haven’t made up my mind about what else to do to him.”
“Let me have him, I’ll take care of it.”
“Ben I don’t want you to think about him or anything else except you getting better and then taking care of Sally.”
“Once I’m healthy I want to take care of it.”
“Ben lets cross that bridge when we come to. I need you better and on your feet again, Deal.”
“Alright it’s a deal.”
“Listen you get better and fast, I need you.”
“I’ll do my best Jacob.”
Jacob’s phone rang, he answered it , when he hung up he said, “Damn wont things ever stop going to hell in a hand basket.”
“What’s wrong Babe?” Dawn asked.
“It seems as though two of the were’s from the California packs got into it early this morning and one of the were’s is in really bad shape and the two packs want to go at each other. I need to get up there before it blows up.”
“Go on babe I can take care of things here.”
“I’ll get back as soon as I can.”
Jacob left to head up to Asheville. He drove a little faster then he should and was pulled over for speeding and received a ticket. Damn when it rains it pours he thought. Jacob arrived and went right to the lobby where he met with Scott and Kelly.
“All right you two what happened?”
“Like I told you on the two of were’s got into it and one of them is in really bad shape from the beating he took. Kelly has been working on him and she was just about to give me an update.”
“The were from North LA has a broken jaw. Several broken ribs, a ruptured spleen and worst of all a broken back.”
“Damn, Scott get me both Alpha’s in here right away.”
“You got it Jacob.”
Scott left the office and called the rooms of Jeffery Fallon and Simon Richards the Alphas of both packs and told them that Jacob requested to see them. Both Jeffery and Simon arrived at the same time and they started to have words with each other about the fight that happened. Jacob walked out of the office and said, “Gentleman if you please there will be no more arguing here. I have no idea who started this mess and I don’t care. What I am telling you both is that if this continues and one more fight breaks out then I will kick you both out of here and you can go home. Do I make myself clear?”
Simon glared at Jacob and said, “Just who in the hell do you think you are to talk to me that way.”
Jacob growled deep within his chest and said, “This is my territory and this is my place, I am the Alpha here and you will do as I say or get out.”
Simon replied “No one talks to me that way.”
“Let me tell you something, you do not want a piece of me. I’ve just about had enough of your mouth. Open it again in defiance of me and I will shut it.”
Simon replied “Listen ass hole……..”
Jacob reached over and grabbed Simon around the neck and just squeezed his throat. Simon could not get any air into his lungs. Before he could make any kind of move Jacob ripped a strip from Simon and Jacob tossed him to the ground. 
“Simon you pack up your pack and get off my territory. You have two hours to get out.”
Simon looked like a whipped pup as he got up from the floor. He looked at Jacob and said “Yes.”
“Jeffery do you have anything you would like to say?”
“No I don’t, I will ensure my pack heeds the rules of lodge. You will not have any more trouble from my pack.”
“I’m very glad to hear that Jeffery.”
“Now Jeffery you go and enjoy the rest of your stay and Simon leave.”
“I will say to you Jacob, you will pay for what you did to me.”
“Open your mouth again Simon and they will have to carry you out.”
CHAPTER TWENTY – FIVE
“Scott call down to the pack and I want Mark, Tim, Greg, and Frank up here as soon as possible, and have them bring ten more with them.”
Scott called Mark and told him what Jacob had said, Mark told Scott he would contact the others and should be there in less than two hours. Scott came back and told Jacob what Mark had said and hen Jacob said, “Scott I want you and Kelly to get everyone from the pack assembled here in the lobby. It took about fifteen minutes and all of the pack members were assembled in the lobby and Jacob spoke.
“I had everyone brought here because of the trouble last night and after speaking with the Alpha’s from the two packs I have a feeling there may be some trouble with the East LA pack. I don’t want to have a repeat of what happened here before.”
“Do you think it will get violent?” One of the members asked.
“I really hope not but it may, I have some additional members coming up with one of the Beta’s. So if it comes to a fight we just need to hold them at bay until our people from Reidsville arrive.”
*****
Simon returned to his suite and called his Beta, once his Beta arrived Simon told his Beta, “I have been embarrassed in front of another Alpha, by the Alpha from the pack that runs this place. I can not allow this to pass without reattribution. I want the Alpha from her to pay for what he did. I don’t want to do anything today. We will leave as he has instructed but I want all the males that came with us to stay here find another hotel for us and tell everyone else that we have one hour to leave this place.”
“Yes Simon, I’ll take care of everything.”
“As soon as everyone that is going home is  ready tell them to leave. I want everyone that is staying to meet here right away.”
It took less then fifteen minutes for the East LA to gather all of the males from the pack together in Simon’s room. Once they were all together Simon said, “We are going to move to another hotel here and I want the Reidsville Alpha to receive a embarrassing beating in front of his pack. He will pay for what he did to me, by embarrassing him in front of his pack he will lose face.
I want you to be ready to leave here in one hour and we are moving to the Smithfield inn about five miles from here.” The Beta said.
The remaining were’s went and packed all of their things and they were ready to leave. When Simon came down from his room the loaded up in their cars and headed for the gate that kept the non-Lycans out of the lodge. As they reached the gate they noticed the caravan of cars coming into the lodge. There were six cars in the caravan and Simon spotted one person that he had been looking for, for almost a year. “Turn this car around now I just saw that bastard Greg Jackson, I’m not leaving without him.”  Simon said.
Simon did not see the last car in the caravan, had his anger not blinded him he would have seen his sister Holly follow the other cars into the lodge.
The driver of Simons car made a hasty u-turn and followed the caravan of cars back to the lobby. The other cars from the East LA group followed their Alpha. When the car stopped at the lodge lobby Simon jumped out of the car and yelled at Greg, “Jackson you bastard, I’m going to kill you right here and now.”
Greg turned and starred at Simon, he recognized him just a bit too late as Simon shifted to his wolf form and attacked Greg. Simons wolf sank his teeth into Greg’s leg. Greg slammed his fist into the head of Simon’s wolf. The blow caused him to release the grip it had on Greg’s leg. Simon was able to shift to his wolf form, but before the fight could move any farther along Jacob had his people block the tow wolfs from fighting an further. Simon shifted back to his human form and yelled at Jacob, “Get your people out of my way, I’ve been looking for that piece of shit for a year, he rapped my sister and he will pay for it.”
“Simon, there will be no more fighting here. If you can prove to me that Greg rapped your sister then I will turn him over to you.”
“Proof you want fucking proof. My word as an Alpha should be proof enough for you.”
“Simon your word isn’t enough you have already proved that your word is worthless to me. Now get in the office with one of your people and I’ll bring Greg with me.”
Jacob nodded to Greg and he shifted back to his human form and followed Jacob into the office. All of the men had a seat and Jacob said “we will do this one at a time if anyone starts anything I will personally rip you apart. Simon I’ve heard your side now I want to hear from Greg.
 “Jacob the man is telling lie, I’ve been in love with his sister for a very long time. I use to be in the East LA pack. When his sister and I went on a picnic we ended up mating and we formed a blood bond..
“That’s a goddamn lie. I know you rapped her, she would never give herself to you she was to go to the North LA Alpha so we could join forces. Beside that he is a rogue and is wanted by the High Council and I’m taking him in for that.”
“He is no longer considered a rogue, I have been in contact with the High Council concerning his status and he is a member of my pack so you can forget that and no longer wanted by the High Council. Before I can turn Greg over to you I need proof like I told you.”
“Matthew’s I told you I am the Alpha of East LA and my word is good enough.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Matthews may I say something?”
“Holly what are you doing here, I told you to leave with the rest of our pack and go home. Now shut up and leave.
“No, I’m not leaving, you’ve told the lie about Greg rapping me long enough, It’s time the truth gets told. Greg never rapped me I’ve told you that a thousand times. I love Greg and he is my mate though you say he isn’t.”
“Simon that is proof enough for me that Greg didn’t rape your sister, I’ll not turn him over to you.” Jacob said.
Simon jumped up and leaped at Greg, he shifted to his wolf form at the same time. Simon was in the air when he felt something hit him and his leap at Greg fell short. Jacob had shifted to his wolf form at the same time that Simon did and Jacob jumped at Simon and hit him in his side with all of the force his weight carried. Jacob’s wolf grabbed Simon’s wolf on the rear leg and bit down hard. Simons wolf yelped out in pain from the bite from Jacob. Simon turned to face his attacker when Scott, Kelly and Frank tackled Simon’s wolf and held it on the ground. Jacob shifted back to his human form and said, “Simon return to your human form or I will kill you. It’s time to end this.”
Simon growled but shifted forms. “Matthew’s you and Jackson are dead men.”
“Mr. Matthews I would like to seek refuge with your pack. If I return to LA, Simon will beat me for telling the truth.” Holly said.
“Holly shut up and do as I told you.” Simon said.
“Simon, be quiet, Holly yes you are welcome to my pack.” Jacob said.
“Simon struggled to get out of the grip of the three people that were holding him, “I want my Beta in here,” Simon demanded.
“”Scott go get his Beta.”
Scott walked outside and asked for the Beta, he stepped forward and told Scott who hi was and Scott told the Beta to follow him. The walked into the office and Jacob said, “Take your Alpha and get off my territory, don’t even think about staying in the area, if I see of hear of you in my territory I will destroy all of you.”
Simon looked at his Beta and said, “You are my Beta not his, we are not leaving here without my sister or Jackson, tell our people to attack.”
Before Simon’s Beta could move he was grabbed by Scott and Greg, They held him tight as he shifted to his wolf form. Greg picked up the Simon and slammed him on the floor and said “No Simon not this time you will not do anything to these people. Your days of bulling everyone are over. If you make any attempt to do anything I will do everything in my power to stop you.”
CHAPTER TWENTY – SIX
“Jacob I want to settle this here and now, I want my chance to completely clear my name, I want to fight Simon.” Greg said.
Before Jacob could answer Holly spoke, “Greg don’t do this if your killed our son won’t have a father.”
“Our son?” Greg stopped dead in his tracks.
“Yes our son, Simon made me keep who the father is a secret, he didn’t want word to get out that you are the father.”
“Simon you bastard, it’s time for us to fight right now. Jacob with your permission, please.” 
“Simon are you ready to defend your self?” Jacob asked.
“You bet your ass I am.”
“Fine we will meet at the base of the expert ski run in twenty minutes. If you do not show then I will hunt you down myself.” Jacob said.
Twenty minutes later the two wolfs met. And they were both ready for a battle. Jacob told everyone that if anyone interfered then it would be an all out brawl. Both Simon and Greg shifted to their wolf form. “Let it begin.”
Simon made the first move and leaped right at Greg, Greg was the larger wolf he was light brown and the muscles in his body rippled as his wolf dodged the attack by Simon. Greg turned as Simon tried to stop and he jumped on Simon’s back and bit down hard on his neck, the blood from Simon filled Greg’s mouth with a sweet taste. Greg’s wolf longed for this fight, He had been kept under control ever since he took the beating from Greg’s group back in LA. 
Simon’s wolf a dark brown with white paws spun and landed on his back with Greg causing Greg to lose his grip on Simon. Simon was the first one back on all four legs and he leaped at Greg. Greg scrambled to his feet just as Simon slammed into Greg and the two of them rolled into the group watching the fight.
The other were’s moved out of the way so the two wolfs could continue the fight. Simons fur around the his neck was matting from the blood that was flowing from Greg’s bite. Simon continued to try and biter Greg but each time he did Greg would dodge Simon and Simon was getting mad at not being able to Grab Greg with his jaws.
Greg jumped right at Simon’s head and he tried to dodge him bit Greg hit Simons head with full weight  causing Simon’s head to bend back at a ugly angle. Every one heard the snap from Simon’s neck. Greg bit down hard on the front of Simon’s neck and blood sprayed everywhere as Greg’s powerful jaws clamped down hard on Simon’s neck again filling Greg’s mouth with blood. Greg shook his head back and forth several times before he released the grip of his jaws on Simon. It only took a few short minutes before Simon died.
Kelly stepped up and checked for a pulse on the wolf and declared him dead. Jacob looked at the Beta from East LA and said, “Take your dead Alpha and get out of here if I see you around here again I will do to yours what has happened here. You will all die, that I promise you.”
“We are leaving, we don’t want any more to do with your pack.”
The people from East LA picked up their dead Alpha and loaded him into one of the cars and the remaining LA pack members followed suite and got into their cars and left the lodge.
Jacob had everyone follow him to the lodge lobby. Once they were all there Jacob said, “We need to clean up this place, Scott you keep your people here and I want all of the rest of you to go home. Greg, I would like you and Holly to come to my house.”
They all got into their cars and headed home, Scott directed his people to get started on the cleaning up of the lodge. When everyone got back home they went to their own houses and Greg and Holly went to Jacob’s house.
Jacob called for Dawn as he entered his house, Dawn came out of the kitchen and said, “I’m right here babe, I was fixing some dinner for Chuck.”
“Come over here I want you to meet some one.”
Dawn walked to the door and all she saw was Greg but just as he stepped out of the way she saw Holly and a baby.
“Dawn looked at Jacob and said, “Who is this?”
“Babe I want you to meet Greg’s Mate and Pup.”
“Well my god, don’t stand out there come on in and tell me all about you.”
Greg retold the story about Holly and the pup and what her brother had done to her and to him, he told her about the fight up in Asheville. “My god you poor people. Well at least it’s all over now and you two are together.
There was a knock on the door and Ben walked in, “Look what the cat dragged in.” Jacob said.
“I’ll tell you it is good to be out of the infirmary, Becky released me just a little while ago. We have good news though, Sally woke up just before I was released. She is doing better and may be able to come home in a few days. Thank god for Lycan physiology it has helped the healing process with Sally.”
“That is great news Ben.” Dawn said.
“There is even more good news, Becky le me talk with Sally for a little bit before she ran me out, Sally is pregnant, we are going to have a pup.”
“That’s great Ben, you will love being a dad.” Jacob said.
“I’m going to wait on Sally hand and foot once she gets home. I won’t let her do anything that will hurt her or the pup.”
“Ben a word of advice if I can.”
“Sure Jacob, go ahead.”
“Let her do things, she is going thru two things with the recovery from her injuries and having a pup. She will go crazy if you don’t let her do anything and besides that she will drive you crazy along with her, and she needs to do some things to help her gain all of her strength back.”
“Makes sense, I’ll have to give that some thought.
“Ben do you remember Greg?”
Ben looked at Greg and it hit him who Greg was. “Yea I do he was with Templeton, what’s he doing here?”
“He couldn’t help Templeton kill any of our people so Templeton kicked him out of his group. If it wasn’t for him we would never have got to Asheville and we would have never found Sally or you. Because of him Sally is still alive and he was the one that found you.”
“Greg, I owe you. Thank you so much.”
“When I came to this pack and I was treated so good, I couldn’t be involved with Templeton’s plan anymore. Jacob stuck up for me with the High Council and I joined the pack. If anything I owe all of you.”
“Well welcome to the pack Greg.” Ben said.
Speaking of welcoming Greg, Dawn do we have any open houses left?”
“All we have left is the one house you keep open for guests.” Dawn answered.
“Put Greg and Holly in it. We will have to start construction on some more new houses.”
A few days passed and things were returning to normal, Greg and Holly were settling in with the pack, Sally was released from the infirmary and construction was started on ten new houses. The mining operation was back in full swing. All of the challenges that had happened were met and the pack was a closer unit now then before. It truly was a new beginning.
But little did anyone know that the event’s that happened in Asheville had started a series of events that would change the landscape of the Lycan world.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and grew up in Pinellas Park, Florida. I joined the Navy at 17 and retired after completing 20 years of active service. I served aboard 5 different ships, most of them home ported in San Diego, Ca., the last one being the USS Reid, which fired the first shots of the first Persian Gulf war. After my military career I move to Mt. Pulaski, Illinois where I worked for Bridgestone/Firestone Tires in one of their manufacturing plants, I retired from Firestone. I moved to Charlotte, NC and returned to the work force with Continental Tires, at one of their manufacturing plants. I’m retired today devoting my time to writing and traveling I have been married to my wonderful wife Angel for 10 years we have 3 daughters and 1 son and 8 grand children.

If you like this book please leave a review at the site you downloaded it from. Good reviews or bad I read them all (I hope it is a good one though), the reviews are a good way for me to make my writing better. I am in the process of building a web site where links can be found to my other books

