The Saviors: Locmire's Quest Book Two
A Tales from Calencia Novel
Brian Hutchinson
Copyright Brian Hutchinson 2013
Published by: Brian Hutchinson at Smashwords

The Saviors
Locmire's Quest: Book Two
A Tales from Calencia Novel

Copyright © 2013 Brian Hutchinson
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976.
e-book ISBN: 978-0-9913241-6-3

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission from the author, except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, place, dialogue, and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to any persons, either living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Acknowledgments:

First and foremost I want to thank God for giving me my creative ability, as well as everything else he has so graciously blessed me with in life. Without him, I would be lost.
To my family: Thank you for your never ending support. Emily, you are still my rock, showing excitement and encouragement every step of the way. I am a blessed man.
To my editor: Christina Cantrell, you will never know how appreciated you are. Thank you for your hard work and dedication to my project.
To my cover artist: Johan Jaeger, your work is amazing. You have a bright future ahead of you, and I am privileged to have gotten the opportunity to work with you. You can find Johan at: http://www.deviantart.com/browse/all/?section=&global=1&q=johanjaeger or https://www.facebook.com/JJsArtDump
To my beta readers: Deanna and Melissa. Thank you for your hard work, excitement, and dedication. 
RS4L

This book is dedicated to everyone who helped make the first book, and the second, possible.

Emily, Christina, Johan, Gregory, Sean, Deanna, Caleb, Melissa, Chris.
Chapter 1
Ambushed
A day's time passed since Thaddeus and the others departed Dysut the Fuan's cabin. They traveled in the forest between the Dead Lands and the main road leading into Dead Marsh. The terrain was rough, but nothing the fit warriors could not handle. Many small hills, downed trees, and low lying mountain ridges lay before them, but they made good time. 
They had not crossed paths with any of Hasbarie's forces since the battle at the cabin, and for this, they considered themselves lucky. 
The trip was rather peaceful. The group put their differences behind them and were getting along better. Even Rasmere and Azonis became cordial with one another once more. 
I can deal with cordial, but how long will it last? Thaddeus wondered.
The King often found his mind wandering to Lot, the brother he never knew of, and the Wizard, Locmire. He had no more visions or feelings, the special bond the twin brothers shared, alerting him to the circumstances concerning Lot, and this worried him. Little did he know, at this exact moment, Lot and the others were traversing the dangerous underground dwelling of the ancient Dainties.
"How much longer till we reach Dead Marsh?" River asked.
"We are not going all the way to Dead Marsh," Thaddeus said, raising his eyebrows, looking upward. "If all goes well . . . tomorrow or the next day." Hopefully.
Rasmere Elmidas, Sword of the Sestian, called out to her, "Why do you ask, River? Surely you mustn't be tired. Caleb, on the other hand, I am not so sure about. He must be close to exhaustion."
Caleb, the Shifter from an unknown place called North Carolina, taking the shape of a lion, let out a loud roar directed at Rasmere.
"You are just jealous that he will not let you ride upon him," River answered as she ran her fingers through Caleb's golden mane. I like it when Rasmere is sociable. He should speak more often.
Azonis quickened his pace to catch up with Thaddeus, who kept several feet ahead of the others.
"I wonder how our kingdoms fare?" Azonis asked.
Thaddeus jerked his head around.
"As well as one could hope in such a situation." He relaxed a little. "Sebastian and Tontal are capable as leaders. We left our kingdoms in good hands."
"This all came on so sudden. It is hard to understand the extent of our situation. I look forward to speaking with the Wizard. It is my hope that he will be able to offer us more details concerning the prophecy," Azonis said.
"I do believe I have our quest figured out."
"Well then, enlighten me? I am quite interested," Azonis replied.
"We reform the Saviors, kill Hasbarie, and save Calencia," Thaddeus said with a smile. "Simple, is it not?"
Azonis, returning the grin, said, "I am glad you have this situation under control, King Graystone. When this is all said and done we should take a fortnight off from our duties. Maybe we could set up camp near Lake Ormavon. I hear the fishing there is the best in all of Calencia."
"Or a nice forest retreat would suit me well," Thaddeus said, looking around at the dense woods surrounding him. "On second thought, Lake Ormavon would be better. I have had my fill of the forest." 
They traveled for quite some time without a hiccup in their path, but the inevitable occurred. 
Thaddeus stared at the wide, violent river in front of them.
There is no way to cross. "Caleb," Thaddeus said as he eyed the river. "Can you fly us over?"
River climbed off of Caleb's back, and he shifted into his human form.
"I should be able to. You're the biggest of our group, and I have carried you through the air once before," Caleb replied. They will always call upon me when they need a ride or an area scouted. At least I am making myself useful.
"Good. Let us get to it then. I suggest you start with me," Thaddeus told him.
"You ready?" Caleb asked.
"Yes," Thaddeus replied, stretching his arms out to his side.
In an instant, Caleb transformed into the mighty eagle and wrapped his large talons around Thaddeus's arms. He hoisted the King into the air and released him from his grip on the opposite bank. He flew back over and took his natural form once more.
"Who's next?" he asked.
"I'll go," River said, stepping forward.
Caleb shifted again and within a few seconds, River stood next to Thaddeus.
"Next?" he asked, once again.
Azonis eased forward and said, "I will go, but you must be careful. I am not the best swimmer, and this armor would drag me to the bottom in an instant."
"Don't worry. If I drop you, I will turn into a fish and come to your rescue," Caleb said as he patted Azonis on the shoulder. But, by the sheen of sweat on the Sestian's forehead, chin, and cheeks, Caleb knew Azonis did not find comfort in his joke. "Don't worry. I will not let you go."
Thaddeus watched Caleb fly Azonis across. His eyes scanned the thick forest around them. As Azonis touched down, Thaddeus unsheathed his long swords.
"What's the matter?" River asked.
"Something is amiss. Caleb, get Rasmere across. Now!" King Graystone cried.
Caleb secured Rasmere in his grip. As he flew under the branch of a large oak extending halfway across the river, a net fell from the tree and engulfed them. Caleb, along with Rasmere, plummeted into the icy, rampaging, river.
"No!" River screamed as she ran to the bank. For an instant, she thought she saw a hand jut forth from the water, but just for an instant.
From within the forest, a weighted net leapt out and swallowed River, pulling her to the ground. She kicked and wiggled, trying to free herself, but all the flailing about further tangled her arms and legs into the net. River stopped fighting. Her imagination ran wild upon hearing the strange sounds resonating from the forest behind her. Azonis came to her aid and slashed at the net with his golden long sword. 
Where is Thaddeus? River cringed each time Azonis swung his sword. Why is he not helping me?
When Azonis freed her, she understood the reason Thaddeus had not come to her aid. The King stood covered in blood, but not of his own. On the ground around them lay fifty, or more, small, hideous creatures. Tiny wooden spears and cudgels lay scattered about the dead. The net had entangled her for a short time, and for there to be so many bodies, they must have all emerged from the forest at once to meet the hungry edges of Thaddeus's long swords.
"Are you hurt?" Azonis asked, but he already knew the answer. The Sestian drew a deep breath through his nose and let out a quiet exhale.
"No. I am fine." River stood and dusted herself off. She bent over and picked up her staff. "What are those creatures?" she asked.
"They are Hoggins," Azonis replied. He walked over to one of their lifeless bodies and rolled it over onto its back with his boot. Just as ugly as I remember. I never thought I would see another one of these in my lifetime.
"What of Caleb and Rasmere?" River asked.
Thaddeus stood next to them. "The river swept them downstream. We need to search for them." Hopefully we find them alive and not floating face down.
They only took a few steps when a rock leapt out of the forest and struck River in the head. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she collapsed on the ground. 
Azonis fell to his knees and inspected her. 
"She is alive, but unconscious," Azonis said. Blood oozed down her head, saturating her golden blonde hair. She is lucky it was not a spear.
"Show yourselves!" Thaddeus yelled, whirling around in search of River's attacker. 
"The vile little creatures will not make themselves known until they feel they have the advantage," Azonis said as he surveyed the surrounding woods.
"We must come up with a plan. River is in no shape to travel, and Caleb and Rasmere are lost down river," Thaddeus said.
"I will stay here and protect River. Go find them!"
"Are you certain?" Thaddeus asked. "Do you think it wise for us to separate?"
"The Hoggins are vicious and have a craving for Engenium flesh. I fear that Caleb and Rasmere have little time if the Hoggins get their grubby mitts on them. I am capable of defending River by myself. You need to find the others!" 
"Very well."
King Graystone gathered his weapons and jogged off alongside the river.
"Thaddeus."
Thaddeus turned back. "Yes?"
"Be very cautious. What the Hoggins lack in size, they make up for in numbers. They are cunning and ruthless. Do not let your guard down."
Thaddeus gave him a nod and continued his search.
King Graystone followed the river for almost a league when things took a turn for the worse. He came to a dead end where the water rushed of a hundred-foot cliff. He was uncertain, but fairly sure, his companions had not escaped the river's clutches up to this point. Thaddeus feared the worst as he looked over the edge of the waterfall and set his gaze upon the multitude of jagged rocks at the bottom. 
Quite a drop.
 Thaddeus looked around and found a small path beside the cliff leading straight down to the bottom. As he descended, sliding down the steep path, it soon became apparent neither he nor his companions, if they were still alive, would come back this way.
Chapter 2
Queen of Dead Marsh
As usual, it turned out to be another peaceful day in Dead Marsh. Villagers tromped through the ankle high water that hid the soft, mushy bottom of the marsh, carrying out their daily duties and tasks. The yarkles' songs, combined with the croaks of nearby balloon frogs, made for a soul soothing melody. 
The builders in the village labored away putting the finishing touches on a stone lined trench commissioned for construction to divert the waters away from a new tract of land that would soon be home to at least twenty five new huts. Their kingdom thrived. The population tripled in size over the last year, thanks to a new fertility potion that the alchemists created. 
Since the Great War, the Raptilian race suffered to reproduce. In the days before the Great War, it was common for a mother to have ten or more hatchlings, at least five different times over the course of her life. Now, a Raptilian mother proved to be lucky if one of her eggs yielded young. The most daunting part of their infertility was the reason. No one, not even their most skilled alchemists, could generate a logical answer as to why their females became mostly barren. Many suspected the short distance between Dead Marsh and the Dead Lands were to blame. 
The new fertility potion brought hope back to the Raptilians. Mothers did not hesitate to engage in the joyous task of repopulating their race, and they did so at unbelievable speeds.
Jeszekia Venumroot, the Raptilian Queen, emerged from her hut. She stretched her arms high above her head and took a deep breath, filling her nostrils with the aromas of her swampy kingdom. Her narrow lips tightened, forming a thin smile as she watched her people. Their smiles and laughter made her cold blood run warm. This was the happiest Jeszekia's kind had been in a long time. It appeared that, after years of sorrow and buckets of tears, her kingdom would soon return to greatness once more.
Through the eyes of a Raptilian, Jeszekia's beauty surpassed that of any other female in all of Calencia. She was tall and slender, yet well-toned, with scales a mix of soft pink and deep purple. Her large, violet colored eyes captivated all the male Raptilians, who instantly became lost in them. Her long, pink scaly-like hair, resembling dreads, hung low on her back. Jeszekia's voice was kind, yet stern. She wore a one piece leather body suit that wrapped around the back of her neck, covered her breasts and belly, then came back around to cover her hips and groin, leaving an opening in the back for her thick, barbed tail. She had no use for shoes. The impenetrable, calloused soles of her feet served as better protection than any shoe could ever afford. It was a rare occasion to see Queen Venumroot without her royal staff, which also served as her primary weapon, a trident. A blow gun hung across her back and two cromite daggers dangled from sheathes on her hips. 
Cromite was a rare ore, long expended. Years ago, and to this day, it made for the finest blades in all of Calencia, and Jeszekia owned the last two of these invaluable blades.
Jeszekia left her hut and strolled through her kingdom, stopping often to lend aid to the villagers and play with the children. 
One day, I will haz children of my own, Jeszekia thought, patting a hatchling on its head before it scurried off to catch up with its siblings.
From the corner of her eye, Jeszekia saw her maid servant, Kayliz, approaching her.
At once, Jeszekia knew something troubled Kayliz by the way she licked her lips over and over again.
"My Queen, I haz troubling newz zat you muzt hear at onze," Kayliz whispered in her ear.
"Meet me back at ze hut," Jeszekia said. 
As she made her way back to her living quarters she could not help but to wonder what made Kayliz so uneasy. It iz probably nozing. Juzt zomezing zmall and blown out of proporzion. Kayliz can be over dramatic at timez.
Jeszekia's hut looked more like ten huts, rather than a single structure, dwarfing any other dwelling in Dead Marsh. Her quarters sat atop large stilts that kept it several feet off of the water. Her hut was constructed from bamboo with umbrella leaves covering the roof. A wide porch encircled the structure, with large, hungry, yellow frogs lining the banisters of the porch. 
Dead Marsh was a smorgasbord for the amphibians that resided there. Thick swarms of gnats and bat sized mosquitoes swarmed to the torches that stayed lit near the huts. If not for the hungry swamp life, which the Raptilians coveted, Dead Marsh would be uninhabitable for even them.
Once inside, Jeszekia sat on her wooden throne, her long muscular tail slapped against the floor.
 "Now, what izzit zat you need to tell me?" Jeszekia asked.
"We'z, umm, rezeived word from a carrier znoot zat ze Morgorath. . . it haz fallen."
Urganox! Jeszekia clutched at her stomach with both hands, as if in tremendous pain. "What doez you mean, fallen?" 
"I iz not zure. Ze mezzage zaid zat ze entire kingdom haz been deztroyed."
Jeszekia stood and regained her queen-like composure.
 "Zis iz mozt unfortunate. Zend whatever aid we'z can afford," Jeszekia said. Pleaze let him be zafe.
"Zere iz no need. None of ze Brazurkinz livez," Kayliz said.
A tear leapt from Jeszekia's eye. She just spoke with Urganox Skullsplitter, King of Morgorath, days ago. Jeszekia had a hidden fondness for King Skullsplitter. The Raptilian Queen even entertained the notion of a possible romance between the two. She often wondered if a Brazurkin and Raptilian could produce young, since she needed a child to carry on her family’s bloodline, and none of the males in her village tickled her fancy. As much as she fantasized on the thought, she kept it to herself. Such an act was unheard of in Calencia. Her heart quivered in pain to think that he may be dead.
Jeszekia sat back down on her throne.
"Any word regarding ze king?" Jeszekia asked, squeezing the back of her neck. Her stomach rolled and the tips of her fingers grew frigid. Zay he livez, zay he livez!
"None," she hesitated and said, "Zat iz not all, my Queen."
"Yez?" Jeszekia asked, sitting upright and scooting out to the edge of her seat.
"Ze Human zity haz been attacked az well. Zo haz ze Engeniumz. Word hazzit zat ze Human King and Engeniumz Zestian haz left from Lazticall and are heading zis way," Kayliz replied.
"For zuch a zmall bird, zeez znootz deliverz big newz. Zomething iz amizz. We'z muzt preparez for ze worzt. I fearz zat zomething big iz about to happen. Alert ze army. Zend zcoutz into ze marzh. We'z muzt be ready to defend our landz," Jeszekia said. 
She stood from her throne, fell to her knees, and sent up a prayer to Suporah.
Chapter 3
Familiar Foes
Azonis knelt beside River and inspected her injury. He opened Caleb's knapsack and pulled out a blanket. He formed the blanket into a tight roll and placed it under River's neck and head. She lie sprawled on her back, and blood still trickled down the side of her head. An egg sized lump, which oozed blood, grew right above her temple. It looked rather painful, but at least she would live.
The Sestian stood in the open with his shield and long sword secured in his grip. He prepared himself to defend River with his life. 
Azonis despised the Hoggins. After the small war that had taken place in the forests of Lasticall several years back, he longed for another encounter with the barbaric vagabonds. His wish came true, although it could not have happened at a more inopportune time. As he prepared for battle, he could not help but to think of Rasmere's well-being. 
Although I despise him at the moment, he has been a loyal Sword and proven himself in battle many times over. If he were here, I would not need to worry about my flank.
SNAP! 
Azonis cocked his head. 
SNAP! 
Another to his side. He took a deep breath and whirled around, sword and shield held high.
At once, a large group of Hoggins let out their war cry, "Wraaaaa!"
Azonis dashed forward using his shield as a weapon, crashing into the center of the group. Blood flew through the air as his shield tore through the angry mob, but the Hoggins fell in behind him, surrounding him. Azonis swiped his sword from side to side. He turned around as a small club clanged off of his armor. The Sestian lunged forward and impaled three of the Hoggins at once. His head swam as a large rock bounced off the back of his golden helmet. Dropping to one knee, Azonis spun around with his sword, amputating the legs off of a slew of his attackers in the process. Azonis sprang to his feet and ran through the small army once more. 
Once he was no longer surrounded, Azonis took a defensive stance with his back to the river. He realized the severity of his predicament. When this encounter first began, Azonis knew the numbers did not favor him, but it happened so fast he did not have time to take notice of how large their tribe was. He stood before three hundred of the blood-thirsty warriors. He said a prayer to Manzrah and prepared for the worst.
The Hoggins regrouped, minus the fifty that lay dead on the ground. They cried out once more, "Wraaaaa!" and unleashed a hail storm of spears upon Azonis.
The Sestian hunkered down and brought up his shield. For ten seconds, the spears rained down and rattled off his shield and armor.
"Come on! Come and meet your end!"
"Wraaaaa!" they shrieked again, this time rushing forward with their cudgels raised high above their heads.
Azonis dug his feet in and cut the Hoggins down, three and four at a time as they charged him without a thought of consequence or potential failure. 
They tried to surround him once more, but with the river at his back, his flank could not be taken. He slashed and hacked at the multitude of attackers as they moved in closer. Several times he took his shield and swatted a handful of the Hoggins into the hungry river.
 Just when it seemed he gained the upper hand, and the Hoggins turned to flee, several of the large nets soared through the air from the bushes.
 Azonis jumped from side to side, evading the first wave of nets, but there proved to be too many. One of the nets caught him by surprise and drug him to his knees. He tried hacking himself free, but did not have enough room to swing his sword. 
The Hoggins rushed in, falling upon him. They jabbed and gouged at Azonis with their tiny spears. His armor did well to protect him, but several spears grazed and nicked his face, one even pierced his outstretched hand. 
So this is how it ends, Azonis thought as he made one final attempt at escape. Rasmere, where are you?
 Azonis knew this quest would be dangerous, and he may never return to Lasticall alive, but he never imagined his end would come at the hands of the Hoggins. Azonis screamed out in rage, his voice loud and deep. The more he lashed out in anger, the wearier he became.
When all the fight left his body, and he found himself on the verge of giving in, Azonis heard a voice, soft and low. 
"Bomonus?" he asked himself.
The Hoggins squealed out in surprise. Azonis peered through the net to see the horde of tiny warriors floating in the air rising higher and higher into the sky. 
Just as Azonis realized what was happening, he felt his stomach give way, and he ascended into the clouds alongside them. 
He looked around as the Hoggins flailed helplessly about several hundred feet above the ground. Just as they ascended into the heavens, they plummeted back to the ground. 
Azonis's descent was so rapid, it looked like the ground leapt up at him. The closer he came to the ground, the louder the thuds became. The Hoggins fell from the sky like a hard, fat, rain. 
When Azonis found himself only feet from the ground he closed his eyes and braced for impact. It will be better to die like this, than be poked full of holes in a net.
"Suspendus!"
His descent came to an abrupt halt.
Azonis, hovering feet above the ground, watched the Hoggins fall from the sky and bounce off the hard forest floor. The last of them hit the river with a sickening splat. 
Azonis took a standing position in the air as he was lowered to safety. He looked around and saw River collapse face first into the dirt.
 He ran to her side. She was unconscious once more, still clutching her staff.
River took deep breaths. Sweat drenched her hair. Her skin boiled hot, her body was stiff as a board, and she shook violently. Azonis did not know what to do. He had never seen an Engenium, or anyone for that matter, act in such a way. 
These Humans are strange creatures.
The Sestian, doing the first thing that came to mind, dipped the blanket into the icy water of the river and laid it over her outstretched body. Steam rose from her, and she fell limp.
Chapter 4
Invincible?

Thaddeus hunkered down behind the root system of a fallen tree. The tree itself was long decayed, but the root system was still intact.
 He got on his knees and peered around the tree. Ahead was a small hamlet surrounded by a stone wall nestled away in a valley. The structure appeared to be of Human make. Possibly the forgotten remains of a small village or trading post built when life thrived in the Free Lands. Whatever it used to be was of no concern now. The Hoggins had staked claim to it.
The air was crisp, and the sun did not shine as bright. Aside from the confines of the hamlet there appeared to be no other signs of life, plant or animal. He knew right away that he followed the river into the Dead Lands. Thaddeus did not like being in this defiled place. Its reputation alone was enough to make even a man of his renown reconsider his path. He wanted to turn and go in the other direction, but that was not an option. Not with Caleb and Rasmere at the mercy of the Hoggins.
King Graystone's vantage point offered him a clear view. He could see the entirety of the situation. Hoggin archers, spaced three feet apart, lined the top of the stone walls. Behind the wooden gate that led into the hamlet stood hundreds of Hoggin warriors armed with clubs, spears, and a few with iron short swords. 
They are prepared for war. The dirty little creatures must know that someone would come looking for Caleb and Rasmere. I must come up with a plan and fast. 
For an instant, he considered going back to regroup with Azonis and River, but remembered that he could not climb the steep cliff beside the waterfall. If he tried to find another way up, he could wander through the Dead Lands for days. This idea did not interest Thaddeus.
Thaddeus shuffled his feet when he saw the Hoggins drag Rasmere and Caleb toward two large poles in the center of the hamlet. As they hoisted Caleb up on the pole, he stirred. The Hoggins swarmed him, pelting him over the head with their tiny clubs until he lost consciousness again. 
Lucky for them they attacked him so quickly. I do not feel they would like to have a rampaging lion running free amongst them. 
Thaddeus ran this scenario through his mind. It brought a smile to his face.
They tied Caleb to one of the poles; Rasmere to the other.
 This is not good.
 The Hoggins piled up dead wood around the bottom of the poles. They looked like a colony of ants hard at work.
 A hulking creature stomped his way out of one of the structures inside of the hamlet. Five times the size of the others, he was a giant of his kind and without a doubt their leader. He carried a rusty, iron war hammer in one hand, a torch in the other. 
By the gods! They are going to burn them alive! 
Adrenaline coursed through Thaddeus's veins. An acidic taste filled his mouth. He spat on the ground. Thaddeus had to act soon, or his friends would become a charred feast for the tiny savages.
What am I to do? It would be suicide to charge the front gate. If I somehow make it past their archers, I would then have to contend with a small army. Think Thaddeus, think! I am the King of Galdarath. I destroyed the Black Suns and the Shadows. There must be a way. I am a mighty warrior. I am Thaddeus the Invincible. There has to be a way . . .That is it! I am Thaddeus the Invincible.
Thaddeus drew his dragon bone axe, wrenching the handle in his meaty hands. He narrowed his eyes, gave the hamlet one final look, and stood up from behind the tree. It is time to test my name.
King Graystone bound toward the hamlet taking high, long, strides. He made it within a few hundred feet of the front gate when his white and gold suite of armor caught the eye of the archers atop the wall. One archer put a horn to his lips and gave it a mighty puff. Without hesitation the archers let loose a barrage of arrows. Thaddeus's armor was solid and did not have many exposed areas. A great number of arrows struck the King, but he plowed forward as they clanged off of his armor. He wished that he had his helmet, but he had forgotten it in his pack at the ambush site.
Thaddeus made it to the gate unscathed. The archers kept reigning arrows down upon him as he stood with his back to the gate. He did not want to press his luck any more than he already had. He knew that he must find a way into the hamlet. 
King Graystone looked around for any means to gain entry. The hamlet was solid . . . or was it? The hamlet had stood for hundreds of years, and the weather had taken its toll on the wooden gate. Thaddeus noticed the wood was black and moss had overtaken it. He took a step back and drove his shoulder into the gate. He fell inside as the gate exploded open.
The Hoggin warriors waiting inside jumped back with Thaddeus's unexpected entry. He scrambled to his feet and began his attack. 
The battle that ensued did not last long. Once Thaddeus swung his axe, he seemed to have lost all recollection of the events that followed. When Thaddeus came to his senses, dark red blood dripped from his armor and hundreds upon hundreds of the Hoggins lay dead on the ground, most of them cut in half. His braided ponytail and scruffy beard acted as a magnet to the Hoggins's blood. He stood panting in front of Rasmere and Caleb, who were still unconscious and fastened to the wooden poles. Thaddeus walked over to cut them down when something called out to him.
"No! No move further, Human."
Thaddeus turned to see the war hammer wielding Hoggin standing behind him.
"You go! You go now! Take friends and go. Take friends, leave us be!" 
"I fear it is too late for that. You should have never attacked us."
"We just do what Lord of Dead command. Too much blood. Too much dead. Leave from here. Leave us be!" the large Hoggin said once more.
Rage grew inside of Thaddeus. The Hoggins now served Hasbarie, the person responsible for the death of Emilia, or at least sided with him. 
"I cannot leave. Not now. You have chosen the wrong side in this war. We shall see if Hasbarie is truly your lord. If the Dark Wizard is as faithful to you, as you are to him, this death will not be your end," Thaddeus said as he advanced upon the giant Hoggin, dropping his axe and drawing his swords.
"I King Ta-Rook! I not defeated!" the Hoggin King roared.
Ta-Rook hoisted his war hammer high above his head and brought it down with all of his might. Thaddeus rolled out of the way and swiped at the King with his sword. Ta-Rook bellowed out in pain as Thaddeus's sword took off his floppy ear at the base of his head. Crimson blood gushed from Ta-Rook's head like a fountain. The King charged Thaddeus, swinging his hammer with all his might. Thaddeus leapt backwards several times to avoid being crushed by the violent blows.
 Ta-Rook raised his hammer high in the air again, but before he could swing, Thaddeus threw the sword in his off hand. The dragon bone blade sank deep in Ta-Rook's stomach. The Hoggin King's hammer fell from his hands and thudded on the ground behind him. 
He stood, looking confused, his eyes fluttered as he tried to pull the blade from his stomach. Thaddeus walked over to Ta-Rook and brought his other blade upward from his waist. His sword went through the bottom of Ta-Rook's jaw and came out the top of his head. For a few seconds the Hoggin King tried to speak, but Thaddeus's blade stayed his words. King Graystone ripped the blade out of Ta-Rook's head and walked away. Ta-Rook fell to his knees with a shower of blood flowing from his jaw. He collapsed onto the ground. Within moments, a river of blood surrounded his body.
Thaddeus drew a dagger and cut at the ropes around Rasmere's hands.
"Where are we?" Rasmere asked, opening his eyes.
"We are in the Dead Lands," Thaddeus replied.
A look of worry fell over Rasmere. "What are we doing here?" he asked.
"Do you not remember?" King Graystone asked.
"The last thing I can recall was floating down the river," Rasmere answered.
"A tribe of Hoggins ambushed us. They brought you and Caleb here," said Thaddeus.
Thaddeus cut the last length of rope that bound Rasmere's wrists, freeing him from his prison. 
Rasmere rubbed at the rope burns on his wrists.
"Help me with Caleb," Thaddeus said.
Rasmere helped Thaddeus cut down Caleb. They tried to rouse him, but he was in a deep state of unconsciousness.
"He has a nasty lump on his head. He will probably be out for a while," Thaddeus said as he laid Caleb on his side.
Rasmere surveyed the bloody battlefield. Why is he alone? "Where is Azonis and River?" he asked, looking around, expecting to see them at any moment.
"They stayed behind. We were attacked shortly after you and Caleb fell into the river. River was rendered unconscious as well," Thaddeus replied.
"You rescued us . . . alone?" Rasmere asked.
"Yes," Thaddeus answered.
Rasmere stared at him in wonder. There looked to be over seven hundred Hoggins dead on the ground, not to mention their hulking leader. 
How could Thaddeus have done this alone? 
The King was a great warrior, but this was a feat that seemed impossible for anyone. 
Could Thaddeus have really stormed this hamlet, evaded the archers, defeated the warriors, and slew their King? 
However it happened, he was thankful for Thaddeus's heroic actions.
"Thaddeus," Rasmere said. "Thank you."
"You are welcome. You would have done the same for me," King Graystone replied.
"That I would," Rasmere replied. I may not have been as successful.
They sat around waiting for Caleb to awaken. It would have been too cumbersome to carry him out of the Dead Lands. For the most part, Rasmere and Thaddeus said little to one another. They were both tired and concerned for the well-being of Azonis and River. Thaddeus, for a fleeting moment, regretted leaving them behind, but he knew that if he would have waited much longer, Rasmere and Caleb would be dead.
 But what if River and Azonis are dead? It is foolish to think such things. They can defend themselves.
Two hours passed since Thaddeus rescued Caleb and Rasmere. If Azonis and River had left to seek them out, it would be unwise to go wandering about the Dead Lands in search of an alternate route. Thaddeus did not want to be long separated from his party in this place, for he feared what terrors the night might bring.
"It will be best if we wait for River and Azonis here," Thaddeus said. "What do you think, Rasmere?"
"I agree. If we cannot go back the way we came, it will be best to stay here. Perhaps if Caleb is feeling up to it when he regains consciousness, he can fly back up and regroup with them," said Rasmere.
I wish I could fly right about now. "Perhaps," Thaddeus said as he drug a dragon tooth across the edge of one of his swords. "This is a dangerous place to sit idle. The stronger our group is, the better off we will be. I certainly do not want to be stuck in this place without them."
"Ugggghhhh," Caleb moaned.
"He is waking," Thaddeus said. "Come help me." 
They went to Caleb's side and helped him to a seated position.
"What happened?" Caleb asked as he ran his fingers over the many lumps on his head. "I've got to stop waking up like this. The next time we are near a town, I got to invest in a helmet."
Chapter 5
The "King" of Galdarath

"The cities are fortified, the dead laid to rest, and every able bodied citizen armed and outfitted. What shall we do next, King Buxton?" asked Loral, Sebastian's second in command. 
Loral was a young man with cocoa colored skin and almond shaped, brown eyes. Loral, as young as he was, rose through the ranks of Galdarath's army at an accelerated pace, with his home seat being Ravendale. He was a perfect fit for Sebastian: young and naive. 
"We prepare for battle. Order the battle masters to train the citizens at once. I feel that war is upon us." Sebastian stood. He walked over and gazed out a window overlooking the city. Sebastian placed his hands behind his back, interlocking his fingers. He took a deep breath and eased it out. "Everyone must be prepared to fight. Ration all food and goods. Have the forge masters work day and night making swords, axes, and armor. Cost is no matter. Raid the prisons and offer the criminals freedom for service." I will put them in the vanguard. Chances are they will not survive. "Increase the amount of patrols along the walls and the roads. We must not be taken by surprise."
"Yes, my King," Loral replied.
"Please, do not call me King. Thaddeus is our king," Sebastian replied. However, I do like the sound of King Buxton very much.
"Yes, General Buxton. Have we any word from King Graystone?" Loral asked.
"Just this morning I received word from a carrier snoot that Thaddeus has departed from Lasticall with Sestian Ferrini and his Sword. It seems that Lasticall suffered an attack as well," said Sebastian.
Loral's face grew white. "By the gods! I cannot believe this is happening. I thought Hasbarie to be only a myth," Loral replied.
"As did I," Sebastian said.
 His return has made me reconsider my plans for Thaddeus, but I must move forward. 
"Once all preparations are made to defend Galdarath, I will send someone to Lasticall to speak with their interim Sestian, Tontal Drave. If this situation will be as grievous a threat as I suspect, we will need to rally all the kingdoms together to have any chance of stopping the darkness upon us," Sebastian said, as he paced back and forth in front of the throne.
"It is an unfortunate fate that has fallen upon the Brazurkins. They would come in handy if Hasbarie's forces march on the kingdoms," Loral said.
"Yes, truly unfortunate. We shall also seek an alliance with the Raptilians, and the Dainties. They will add great strength to our numbers," said Sebastian.
With a chuckle, Loral said, "Do you really believe the Dainties to be alive?"
Sebastian replied, "Yes. Yes I do. Go ahead and send a messenger to Dead Marsh, Pizenchaffe, and Lasticall. We need everything in order."
"Yes, General Buxton," Loral hesitated for a moment. "Umm. . . how are we supposed to contact the Dainties?"
"I am sure we can find a way to contact them. If the Wizard believes he can go speak freely with them, then so can we." Sebastian sat back on his throne. "Have we any word from the King's Elite?"
"They are headed inland as we speak," Loral replied.
"Did the ship masters find land?" Sebastian inquired.
"The message I received had no mention of it. I am sure if they had found other lands, they would have informed us," Loral replied.
"Sending the King's Elite on a wild goose chase with the ship masters to find land was a waste of resources," Sebastian said. "Take leave, Loral. Send out our messengers." 
"Yes, King Buxton," Loral said as he bowed and turned to leave the throne room.
"Loral," Sebastian called out.
"Yes?"
"I thought I told you not to call me King," Sebastian said.
"Yes, General Buxton," Loral said as he made his way out of the throne room.
When Loral closed the door to the throne room, Sebastian walked over to a large mirror on the wall.
 "King Sebastian Buxton," he said whilst looking into the mirror. He adjusted the crown on his head, and a large smile grew upon his face. "I am not the King . . . not just yet."
Chapter 6
In Pursuit

"No one is to be allowed entrance into the kingdom. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you," yelled the gate keeper, straining his voice to be heard across the ravine.
"If we are not allowed entrance into the city, can you at least tell us if King Thaddeus Graystone is presently inside your walls?" Trevor Metzger asked.
"Who is asking?" the gate keeper replied.
"We are messengers from Galdarath, and we have important news for our King," Trevor replied with a sly grin.
The guard scratched his head for a moment, then replied, "No. They set off westward for Dead Marsh yesterday."
"Waz hiz bruzzer, Lot, wizz him?" Zathillius called out from the saddle of his horse.
"No one traveled with them by the name of Lot," the Engenium replied.
"Thank you. You have been very helpful," Trevor said as he mounted his horse. "Good day to you."
The gate keeper nodded and disappeared out of sight atop the wall.
"We'z will not catch zem by zee time zey reach ze Dead Marzh," Zathillius said, his lizard-like tongue flicking from his mouth as he spoke.
"Do not worry, old friend. It does not matter where we slay King Graystone, as long as we slay him. We are in no rush. When one becomes rushed, that is when mistakes happen," Trevor replied, prodding his horse.
"I iz in no ruzh. I juzt want ze king dead. I want ze gold!" Zathillius stated as he trotted along beside of Trevor.
"I wonder where his brother is?" Trevor asked.
"We'z will find him. We'z will make ze king tell uz," Zathillius said with a thin lipped smile.
Trevor and Zathillius rode westward discussing their plans for the King and his brother when they came upon a covered bridge with a small band of outlaws blocking their path. Six of them stood in front of the bridge that crossed a stream dissecting the road. They parked a wagon in front of the bridge to prevent any brave soul from riding through their road block.
"Zis lookz interezting," Zathillius said as they slowed down to meet the men.
"Halt!" a round bellied, yellow toothed man proclaimed. "This here bridge belongs to us. If you plan on crossing our bridge, you must pay the toll."
"How cliché," Trevor said, blandly. "Can you savages not come up with anything more original?"
"How what?" one man asked. "Don't be usin your fancy words with us. The only language we understand is gold and steel."
"If you want to cross, it will cost ya two gold coins," said the fat man.
"Well, my friend. That will pose a problem," Trevor replied.
"A problem for you. Not us," one of the other men blurted out.
"Look here, gentleman. My friend becomes angry when someone tries to make him part with his gold. He is very stingy. It would serve you best to move your wagon and let us pass," Trevor advised.
"You will pass when we get our gold," the fat man responded.
"Okay. Have it your way," Trevor said as he and Zathillius dismounted their horses.
The outlaws drew their weapons at once.
"Whoa, calm down. We only aim to pay your toll," Trevor said as he limped over to the men, bearing much weight through his cane.
This took them by surprise.
"You mean to pay?" the fat man asked.
"Certainly. We are not savages. Who are we to rob an honest man of what is so rightfully his?" Trevor said.
"Well then," the fat man said as he sheathed his sword. "It is noble of you to pay what is due."
"Indeed," Trevor replied. "We always give what is due."
Trevor Metzger pulled his coin purse from his side. It seemed he was having trouble manipulating the strings that held his purse closed and holding his cane at the same time.
"Here, my good man. Hold this for me," Trevor said as he handed the man his coin purse. The man's jaw gaped open. He could not believe that Trevor had just handed him his entire coin purse, especially considering the amount of coin that seemed to be inside of it. "Open it up and take two gold coins. No more, no less," Trevor ordered. That's it. Get your gold you fool.
As the man pulled the gold from the purse, Trevor slid the thin, narrow blade from the end of his cane and nonchalantly pushed the tip of the blade into the man's throat. The fat man's eyes grew large and blood ran from his mouth. 
"I told you I aimed to pay you your due," Trevor said. He removed his blade and took his coin purse from the fat man's hands.
Before the others could react, Zathillius pulled two daggers from the front of his chest and threw them at the men. They collapsed onto the ground as the daggers found a home in their faces. Trevor calmly walked over to another man, still in shock at the turn of events, and slid the petite blade into his belly. The last two men met the same fate as the others as Zathillius let loose his two remaining daggers.
"I always enjoy watching you throw your daggers. Four for four," Trevor said as he pulled up his shirt and cut two slashes across his stomach. I am running out of room on my stomach. I will have to start marking my kills on my leg before long. "Impressive."
"Zeez men were foolz. Zey dropped zeir guard while attempting to rob zomeone. Zey dezerve to die," the Raptilian said as he recovered his daggers.
The assassins looted the bodies for any gold or other valuable items and continued westward to rendezvous with the King of Galdarath. 
Chapter 7
Whimpers
"Do you feel well enough to search for the others?" Thaddeus asked.
"I think so," Caleb said, rubbing his head, still sore from the beating the Hoggins gave him.
Caleb regained consciousness a little over an hour ago. After the Hoggins pelted him over the head with their tiny cudgels, it took quite some time before he felt like himself again. He stood up on wobbly legs with Thaddeus and Rasmere at his side. After a few moments his strength returned to him.
"Are you sure you can fly?" Rasmere asked. "There is no need to put yourself in harm's way. We can wait till morning and set out together."
"No!" Caleb said. "We must regroup with the others. This is no place for our group to be divided. I can sense the darkness that lurks here."
The name "Dead Lands" suited this place well. At one point in time, this was the most beautiful and prosperous countryside in all of Calencia, but now purged of life, color, and joy the Dead Lands was the dark portrait that remained. Many ambitious settlers tried to stake a claim in the Dead Lands after the Great War, hoping to resurrect its former beauty. They spent small fortunes planting fields and tress, none of which would take root in the desolate land. Hasbarie's dark magic soiled the earth. Most of the settlers left the Dead Lands, but a few lingered. Some returned after encountering the horrors that resided here. Some never returned at all. Tales of ghosts, witches, and the unnatural beasts roaming the Dead Lands circulated throughout Calencia. The Dead Lands grew into a haven for outlaws hoping to escape their pursuers in the tainted land, often meeting a fate far worse than justice. The Dead Lands had become the epitome of evil.
"I agree," Thaddeus said. "We must find Azonis and River. Are you sure you are able to fly?"
"Yes."
"Make haste. Go back to where we last saw them. Follow the river. If you do not see them, do not look around. It is too dangerous to be wandering about on your own," Thaddeus said.
"Wish me luck," Caleb said as he jumped into the air and shifted into a hawk.
"I fear for his safety," Rasmere informed Thaddeus as he watched Caleb soar away.
"He is capable enough," Thaddeus replied as he looked around the hamlet. "We need to start a fire. It will be dark soon. Hopefully a roaring fire will keep most of the creatures that lurk here at bay."
"Or draw them to us," Rasmere replied.
"I would rather have them coming at us by the light of a fire, than through the darkness," Thaddeus said.
The King and Sword collected the wood surrounding the poles that Rasmere and Caleb hung from and stacked it together. They amassed a large pile of brush, wood, and logs. 
"How long will it burn?" Thaddeus asked.
"For the rest of the night, but we should wait before we ignite it," said Rasmere.
Thaddeus held his response upon hearing a low whimpering sound coming from one of the small structures inside the hamlet.
"Do you hear that?" the King asked, turning his ear to the sound.
"Yes. I wonder what it could be?" asked Rasmere.
"I do not wish to find out," Thaddeus said grimly. "It seems to be coming from over there." He pointed to a small building with a lock and chain on the door. "Whatever it is, it is locked up, and I plan on keeping it that way. At least until the others arrive."
The whimpering grew louder.
"What if it is a person?" Rasmere asked.
"It does not sound like a person to me," Thaddeus answered.
"Thaddeus," Rasmere said, soft and low. "We must go see. You can open the door, and I will stand ready. You have had enough battle for one day."
Thaddeus did not want to open the door. Every ounce of his intuition told him to turn away. Curiosity got the better of him.
"Very well," King Graystone said as he walked over to the building. "I will break the lock and open the door. Are you ready?"
Rasmere nodded as he drew back the Bow of Elmidas.
Thaddeus took his axe and knocked off the rusty iron lock. He grasped the handle and eased open the door.
A chilling darkness filled the structure. The dying sunlight did little to illuminate it. Rasmere stood in a defensive stance with his bow readied, but nothing came rushing out at him. Again, a whimper came from inside the building.
"It is some sort of animal," Thaddeus said. "Light me a torch."
Rasmere picked up the torch that the Hoggin King once carried. He searched the fallen King's body and found a striker made from two pieces of flint. He lit the torch and gave it to Thaddeus.
"Stand ready," Thaddeus said as he crept into the building.
Thaddeus surveyed the room, moving his torch from side to side until he saw the beast producing the noise. In the corner of the room lay a large animal, canine in nature, with its legs bound and jaws tied shut. It looked at him with saddened eyes and whimpered once more.
Rasmere entered the room, and said, "Leave it be, Thaddeus."
"What is it?" the King asked.
"A Hormut," Rasmere replied.
"A Hormut!" Thaddeus said. He gave the creature a second look. "I thought them long gone."
"As did I," Rasmere said. "I once faced a pack of Hormut's in the Stage. They are vicious, to say the least. We need to leave this beast where it lies."
Thaddeus looked at the Hormut long and hard, trying to decide how long the dog-like creature lay in this prison. Its ribs almost protruded from its skin. Dirt and blood masked the black and yellow fur covering its body.
 But whose blood?
The Hormut looked at him again with its bright yellow eyes and whimpered once more.
"I cannot leave it here," the King said. "I am going to free it. If it attacks us, we will dispose of it. I cannot leave any creature to die like this."
"Very well," Rasmere replied. "Do not say you weren't warned."
Thaddeus knelt beside the Hormut and stuck out his hand. The beast shuttered at his touch.
"Do not worry. I mean you no harm. I only wish to free you," the King said, extending his hand once more. This time the beast did not pull away, but only shivered. It is scared to death. "I am going to free you. I mean you no harm. I only ask that you do not attack me. Understood?" Thaddeus asked.
The Hormut let out a short whine.
Thaddeus took his sword and cut the rope between the Hormut's front legs, then the back. The beast lay still on its side.
"That's it. Good boy," Thaddeus said as he patted the Hormut on its head. "I am going to cut the rope from your mouth, and you shall be free." The King cut the rope binding the Hormut's large jaws, patted it on the head, and stepped away. "You are free."
The Hormut took to all fours, almost running Rasmere over as it scurried out of the building, through the gate of the hamlet, and off into the forest.
Thaddeus came out of the building, and said, "See. I told you it would be all right."
"Things seem fine and well for the moment. I just hope he does not bring back his friends and attempt to make a meal out of us," Rasmere said.
"Now would be a good time to start the fire," Thaddeus said.
 He walked over and threw the torch on the pile of wood and brush.
The ravenous blaze consumed the wood pile, sending fiery ash high into the dark sky. The raging fire illuminated the interior of the entire hamlet and a good deal of the area surrounding it.
"Let us hope that Caleb brings Azonis and River back before too much longer," Thaddeus said, sitting down a good deal away from the intense fire. "I fear we will be in for another long night."
Chapter 8
Azonis and River

River woke, blinking her eyes. Whatever happened seemed to have drained the very life from her. The aftermath left her skin blanched, with dark bags hanging under her eyes. Dried blood matted her hair and streaked down her face. Azonis dipped a cloth into the icy river and knelt next to her. With a gentle touch, he inspected the wound on her head and wiped the dried blood from her face. 
"I think you will live," Azonis said in a hush, as he ran the cloth down her face.
River smiled and said, "Thanks to you."
Azonis gave her a slight grin. "You are welcome, River. I also owe you a great deal of thanks. You saved my life."
"I am sorry that I wasn't able to help you sooner," she replied.
"Better late than never," he said, making sure he had removed all the dried blood from her face. "There. You are all cleaned up."
"Thank you," she said again, batting her eyes.
"You dispatched of the Hoggins rather easy," Azonis said, extending his hand. River took it, and he helped her stand. "That was a powerful spell you performed. Why do you not cast spells of that magnitude more often?" he asked.
"If it were that simple. Spells such as those almost deplete my magic reserves entirely. I was taught that it is better to use many lesser spells, rather than one big one. It is not wise for a mage to be caught without magic. You never know when you will need to use a spell," River said, and grew still for a moment. "If one would deplete their entire magic reserve, their life would cease to exist."
"Your magic can run dry? How so?" the Sestian asked, rubbing his chin.
"Even Wizards can deplete their magic reserves, although they possess much more magic than a mage. A mage's magic comes from their life force, but Wizards are made from magic," she told him.
"If Wizards are made from magic and mages use their life force to create magic, then why can we all not perform magic?" Azonis asked.
"Long ago a Wizard taught a Human how to perform magic by speaking incantations. Mages hold these secrets dear to them. Only certain individuals can become a mage," she replied.
"How does one become a mage?" he asked. "Could I become one?"
"For one to become a mage, he or she must be born on the same day, of the same season, as the Wizard who taught the first Human how to use magic. That is why mages are not that common," she said as she took to her feet.
"This seems very complicated. I am glad that one can be taught to use a blade on any day," he said with a smile.
"Do you think we should go look for Thaddeus and the others?" River asked.
"I am not sure. It may be best for us to stay here and wait. The river undoubtedly runs into the Dead Lands. It is not wise to go wandering about in the Dead Lands," Azonis replied. "I also doubt your ability to travel."
"What if they are in need of our help?"
"Thaddeus will be fine. He is the most skilled warrior I have ever met. I have no worries concerning him."
"What of Rasmere and Caleb?" she asked once more.
"They should be able to handle themselves as well. With you running low on magic, and the beating I took from the Hoggins, I do not feel comfortable tromping around in the Dead Lands this close to night fall," Azonis said, looking at his hand and turning it from side to side inspecting the hole in his palm. "If we go anywhere, we should try to make it to the main road. It should be much safer there."
"Can we at least follow the river for a short distance?"
"No," Azonis said, patting her on the shoulder. "We should stay here, or make our way to the road."
River's throat grew tight. She rubbed her palms back and forth on her pants. She feared the worst for Thaddeus and the others. For the life of her, she could not understand why Azonis refused to search for them. She was certain that Thaddeus, or the others, would not hesitate to come looking for them if roles were reversed. The Dead Lands had the reputation of being the most dangerous place in all of Calencia, she was aware of that, but she would risk her own well-being to find her lost companions. She gave Azonis a disapproving look and sat down on the ground in quiet protest.
Azonis, although he did not show it, shared River's worry. An eerie feeling came over him; this was not the last of the Hoggins in the area. The idea of his companions wandering through the Dead Lands sickened him. One could not guess what terrors lay before them. As bad as he wanted to go help them, it would not be wise for him and River to set off on their own. He was tired, and River had depleted the last of her magic. They were not capable to deal with whatever beasts they might, or would, encounter. Azonis decided it best to sit and wait for the others to come find them.
Darkness crept over them, and they still had no word from the others. Azonis and River kept their minds off of their current situation by way of idle chatter. River soon realized that she liked Azonis better than she had initially thought. He proved to be a rather peculiar individual set in his ways, but once you got to know him, he wasn't so bad. He was growing on her, as was she on him.
As they sat discussing their quest and back stories, the cry of a hawk pierced their ears.
"Look," River said pointing at a hawk. "I wonder if it is him?"
A beautiful brown hawk appeared in the light of the moon. It followed the river, straying left and right, as if searching for something, or someone. The hawk locked its eyes on them and dove out of the sky. The hawk slowed as it came closer to the ground and transformed into its Human form.
"Thank God above," Caleb said as he wrapped his arms around River's neck. "It is good to see you two. Are you all right?"
River locked her arms around his waist and gave him a long squeeze. "We're fine. What of the others?"
"Alive. They are waiting for us in the Dead Lands," Caleb responded.
"The Dead Lands?" Azonis questioned. "Why are they waiting there?"
"There is a steep cliff blocking our way back. They cannot make it back," Caleb replied.
"Can you not fly them?" Azonis asked.
"No," Caleb said regretfully. "The Hoggins did not treat me kindly. I am not strong enough to carry them."
"How long will it take us to reach them?" River asked.
"An hour or so," Caleb said. "If we hurry."
"As bad as I dislike the idea of traveling through the Dead Lands at night, we cannot leave them there alone," Azonis said as he gathered his things. "Let us take leave from here. The sooner we regroup with Thaddeus and Rasmere, the better."
They set out to meet back up with their fellow companions in the Dead Lands with Caleb in the lead. Azonis and River carried Thaddeus, Caleb, and Rasmere's gear. Caleb scurried along as an opossum, not wanting to risk all of them being captured if the Hoggins planned to ambush them once more.
Chapter 9
Nighttime in the Dead Lands
Thaddeus and Rasmere could not have been more thankful for the fire. Nighttime in the Dead Lands rivaled the darkest night that either Thaddeus or Rasmere ever experienced. 
Thaddeus walked over to the gate and peered into the blackened wilderness. He could only see a few feet past where the fire's soft orange glow met the night's onyx colored curtain. It made the King uneasy when he wondered what lurked in the abyss of night, waiting and watching. The King was brave, but not stupid. Thaddeus retreated back to the safety of the fire.
"I hope if anything is out there, it does not like fire," Thaddeus said as he pushed the end of a log deeper into the fire with his boot. 
"The evils that lurk in places such as these rarely like anything associated with light. That is why the Dead Lands has become a haven for such creatures. Even in the height of the sun, the land is still dark," Rasmere said.
"There are many tales of this place," Thaddeus said. "I suspect most of them are just that. Tales. I wonder if any of the old stories about this place are genuine?"
"Most stories and tales originate from some form of truth. After years and years of retelling, some of the facts have become misconstrued," Rasmere told the King.
"That makes me feel a little better. The tales about this place have spread for the past five hundred years. Hopefully they are far from the truth," Thaddeus replied.
Highly unlikely. Rasmere looked at the King. His brow narrowed and face hardened. "Ghosts, Dashi, Hoggins, and Cold Hearts are all confirmed to reside here. I think we are free from the Hoggins for a time. I do not fear ghosts. The Cold Hearts are territorial in nature, so as long as we do not come near their den we should be fine. The Dashi are my biggest concern."
"Why the Dashi?" The King asked.
"Dashi are very manipulative. They glamour their victims, creating an alternate reality. Many of the Dashi's victims live the rest of their lives under their trance. Dashi are cruel and blood thirsty, slowly draining the life force from their prey to remain young and beautiful themselves."
"I have never encountered a Dashi, or most of the other creatures of which you speak," Thaddeus replied. And I hope to keep it that way.
"Most of these demons do not come close to the kingdoms. No offense, but you have spent little time outside of Galdarath," Rasmere pointed out, rather politely. 
"When someone says no offense, they do mean to offend, but you are correct. Other than my campaign against the Black Suns and the Shadows, I have not had an abundant amount of experience outside of Galdarath," Thaddeus admitted.
Smiling, Rasmere said, "It looks as if this journey is changing all of that. Here you sit in the dark of night in the Dead Lands. Few men can say the same."
"We have not survived the night," Thaddeus said with a grin. "Tell me more of these Dashi."
"They appear beautiful and fair, but in all reality, they are old, ugly hags with great magical power at their disposal. Some say they are mothers of Wizards. Even if one could break the glamour, it would serve only to hasten their demise. They are not to be trifled with," Rasmere informed the King.
The conversation came to an abrupt halt when a bright light appeared in the darkness. Beams of light crept through the broken gate and floated toward the hamlet.
"What do you suppose it is?" Thaddeus asked. He cracked his neck from side to side and stood.
"I do not know. Let us go to the gate and find out," Rasmere said as he stood and marched toward the light.
Thaddeus drew his axe, and Rasmere unsheathed his golden long sword.
"Hello?" Thaddeus called out into the night, but received no answer. Lights without voices are not a good sign. Rasmere gave the King an uneasy look. "Who goes there?" Thaddeus shouted out once more.
Still no answer.
"We should retreat back to the safety of the fire. At least we will be able to see our foe, or foes," Rasmere insisted.
"Agreed," said Thaddeus.
They inched backed away from the gate.
"Thaddeus? Rasmere?"
"River?" Thaddeus asked. "Is that you?"
As the light came closer to the hamlet, three figures came into sight. It was River, Azonis, and Caleb.
"Thank the gods!" Thaddeus called out as he hurried to the gate to meet them.
Thaddeus let out a sigh of relief. A tremendous weight had just lifted from the King's overburdened shoulders. River rushed through the gate and jumped into Thaddeus's arms, wrapping her own arms around his neck and almost squeezing the life from him. 
"It's good to see you," she said.
"As it is you," Thaddeus replied as she let go of her tight embrace. "And you as well, Azonis."
"Your appearance has given me a great sense of relief," Rasmere sputtered.
Azonis shook Thaddeus's meaty hand. "Good to be back, King," the Sestian said.
"Good to have you back, Sestian," Thaddeus said, slapping him on the shoulder. "And you as well, Caleb. How do you feel?"
"Much better," Caleb replied.
Azonis walked over to Rasmere and stuck out his hand. Rasmere looked at him for several moments before he returned the gesture.
"It is good to see you well, Sestian," Rasmere said.
"Your presence was sorely missed. I had a rather brutal encounter with a tribe of Hoggins. I could not help but to think how badly I needed my Sword," Azonis said.
"Your sword is in its sheath," Rasmere said, confused. "Did you lose it?"
"Not my golden sword, but rather my true Sword. Rasmere Elmidas," Azonis confessed.
Rasmere's mouth gaped open at the sincerity in Azonis's voice. The Sestian had not spoken to him like this in many years.
"Thank you, my Lord. I would like to have been by your side in battle once more," Rasmere replied. What is happening? "Nothing would have made me happier than to slay a few hundred Hoggins with you."
Rasmere tried to pull his hand away from the long shake, but Azonis held tight.
"Rasmere," Azonis said with the utmost sincerity. "I promise you that when this is over, and we return to Lasticall, I will right the wrongs my people have bestowed upon your kind. Never again will the Forest Engeniums be treated unfairly."
"I have heard these idle promises all too many times," Rasmere barked.
"This time it is different. When I was fighting the Hoggins, I realized how important you are. It does not seem like it at times, but I cherish our friendship, if you ever considered it a friendship. Things will change," Azonis said as a tear rolled down his cheek.
Rasmere's heart thumped against the wall of his chest. He did not know what to say. Azonis had never shown such emotion. His stomach grew queasy, and his body coursed with an unknown feeling. He could think of only one thing to say.
"We shall see," Rasmere said. 
He turned away from Azonis, partially out of embarrassment, partially out of confusion. That was not the response I should have given.
Azonis looked at Rasmere for a moment and then made his way over to the fire.
I hope I did not offend him. That was not my intention at all, Rasmere thought.
As he turned, Rasmere locked eyes with Thaddeus. The King looked at him and grinned. Rasmere returned the smile and walked over to the fire with the others.
Azonis warmed his hands next to the fire. He told them of his and River's battle with the Hoggins. He praised the Mage for saving him and disposing of the Hoggins in such a spectacular fashion.
"I swear it to you," Azonis said as he placed his hand on River's shoulders. "I was surely dead, but she cast a spell that wiped out the entire pack and still protected me in the process. I am glad she rides with us."
"Thank you, Sestian. You are too kind. I just did what I had to do. You saw what happened to me afterward. I was useless," River said as her face turned the color of a beet.
"You did not need to be able to continue. YOU KILLED THEM ALL!" Azonis exclaimed.
It pleased Thaddeus to find the Sestian bonding with the group. From previous dealings with Azonis, Thaddeus knew that he could be very stubborn and proud. Even though he and Azonis had never been at odds, an unspoken tension lay between them, but Thaddeus suspected that there would always be tension between two rulers.
"That's impressive," Caleb said as he stood. "But take a look around you."
They looked around the hamlet. Hundreds upon hundreds of Hoggins lay slain all around them. If this hamlet was in the Free Lands, the events that had taken place would be forever remembered.
Caleb sat back down and said, "Thaddeus did this all by himself!"
"By himself!" Azonis blurted out. "There must be over five hundred Hoggins here."
"More like seven hundred," Caleb said. "And if he would have not done what he did, Rasmere and I would not be sitting with you at this very moment. They had us tied up and were about to burn us at the stake."
River asked, "How were you able to single handedly defeat this many of these creatures?"
Thaddeus, trying not to sound arrogant, answered, "I am not sure. I just knew that Caleb and Rasmere were in dire need of my help. My mind just shut down, and I attacked."
"And look!" Caleb exclaimed once more. "Not a scratch on him!"
"Is this true, Thaddeus?" Azonis asked. "You did not even sustain a single scratch?"
"So it seems," Thaddeus replied.
"Incredible!" Azonis said. "It seems your moniker rings true."
"At least for the moment. It was luck more than anything," King Graystone said.
"Luck!" Caleb cried out. "Bah! Wasn't it you that said luck plays no part in battle, only skill?"
"I do recall something along those lines," Thaddeus said.
"Come on," River said as she sat down next to Thaddeus. "What you did was miraculous. Why not indulge in it if just for a moment."
"When one indulges in his accomplishments, he loses focus," Thaddeus said.
"You know you want to at least smile," River said as she pushed his large chest, moving him back a few inches. She smiled from ear to ear.
A thin grin grew on Thaddeus's face. "It was impressive if I do say so myself."
"He smiles," Rasmere said. "What is the world coming to? Something is not right when Azonis and Thaddeus are this merry."
"I almost sense a hint of joy in the Sword as well," Thaddeus said.
"You most certainly do," Rasmere replied. "Why would I not be joyful? Well, other than being stuck in this wretched, evil, land."
"It is good to see our group meshing. We have been through much together, in a short period," Thaddeus told them.
"I feel that if we are to be successful in defeating this evil in our land, we must all have a strong bond. I cannot wait to meet the others," Azonis said.
"Nor can I," River said as she rubbed her arms in an attempt to warm them.
Rasmere stood and threw another log on the fire. He looked to River and nodded with a smile.
"Too bad we have no food. I am starving," Caleb said, after his stomach let out a ravenous growl.
"I do not like the fact that you are hungry. Do not turn into the form of one of your beasts and make a midnight snack out of us," Thaddeus said, and then let out a chuckle.
"Never," Caleb replied. "Without you all, I would be lost."
"Thaddeus?" River asked.
"Yes," the King replied.
"I am freezing. Do you mind if I sit closer to you?" she asked.
Thaddeus shuffled his feet in the dirt. His cheeks became rosy red. He did not want to get too close with River. For one, his beloved, Emilia, still weighed heavy on his mind. Two, he was sure his brother fancied River. Thaddeus made to offer her his shirt, but the nip of the cold convinced him otherwise. If he gave her his shirt, he would freeze.
"If, if you insist," he replied.
"I just make the jest because I am cold, and you're the largest individual here. Don't think that I am making an advance at you," she said, smiling.
Rasmere, Azonis, and Caleb found humor in this. All three laughed loudly. Thaddeus's face grew redder.
"Shut up," the King said as he draped his arm around the Mage and pulled her in close. At first it was an awkward embrace. Thaddeus was tense, his muscles taught. She nuzzled closer to him. 
What are you doing, Thaddeus? She looked so peaceful under his arm. She knows she is safe. Relax, this means nothing. Thaddeus let the weight of his arm drape over her. He took a deep breath and exhaled as he pulled her closer to him. 
Their moment of serenity did not last long. From within the darkness a scream of pain tore through the night.
"What was that?" Caleb said as the five companions jumped to their feet.
"I do not know," Azonis said. "But I do not like the sound of it."
"Some sort of animal," Rasmere said. "But I do not know what animal would be out here in the Dead Lands."
Again, the unknown beast cried out in pain. This time a deep growl followed the painful plea. The growl became louder and more vicious. They heard a loud snap, and the cries went silent.
"I don't like the sound of that. It seemed close," Caleb said. "Want me to check it out?"
"No!" Thaddeus said. "We stay together. Whatever it was has eaten and should be full now. Let us build the fire back up. I feel we are in for a long night."
They sat back down next to the fire and tried to make themselves comfortable.
"I will take first watch. We will switch the duty every two hours, so no one will fall asleep," Thaddeus said.
"Fine by me. I'm exhausted," Caleb said.
Slumber overtook them. Even in such a frightful environment, it did not take longer than ten minutes for the last of them to fall asleep. They did not worry because Thaddeus pulled first watch, and they were confident he would protect them.
As the night lingered on, Thaddeus looked over at his sleeping companions. The corners of his mouth rose. King Graystone was glad that his companions were getting along better. Things would be much easier now. Thaddeus felt that even in this desolate land, nothing could go wrong.
 The hair stood on the back of Thaddeus's neck upon hearing the loud growling once more. This time the beast sounded angry. 
He took to his feet and unsheathed his swords. He circled his sleeping companions and called out for them to wake. Suddenly, as if woken from a dream, Thaddeus's current reality came to an abrupt halt. The fire blinked low, Rasmere was lying on the ground asleep, his other companions were nowhere to be seen, and the black and yellow Hormut hovered over top a strange creature, tearing at his neck.
Thaddeus ran to the beast and called for it to stop. The human-like figure screamed out in pain. Rasmere woke and jumped to his feet.
"What is going on?" he asked. "What is happening?"
"I do not know," Thaddeus replied. "Where are the others?"
"Why are we back in the Dead Lands?" Rasmere asked.
"What do you mean?" Thaddeus asked with a look of confusion.
"We left the Dead Lands over two days ago," Rasmere said, confused.
"Rasmere," Thaddeus said in a strange tone. "We have been here by the fire the whole time. What has come over you?"
A loud snapping sound came from the Hormut's direction. The unknown creature's cries went silent. The Hormut shook the blood from its coat and panted over to Thaddeus's side.
What is going on? Thaddeus thought.
The canine looked at him with a bloody grin. Its long purple tongue hung from its mouth, moving up and down with each long, deep, rapid breath. Thaddeus disregarded the Hormut and walked over to the slain creature.
A grotesque figure lay before them on the ground. It looked like an old woman, except for the long claws on the ends of her fingers. No hair grew on her head. Warts and oozing boils covered her flesh. Her neck was twisted with a large open wound pumping out the last of her blood.
"What is it?" Thaddeus asked.
"I cannot believe my eyes," Rasmere said. "It is a Dashi!"
"A Dashi," Thaddeus said in wonder. "What is it doing here?"
"You believed us to be reunited with the others. I was lead to believe that we were back in the Free Lands," Rasmere paused for a moment. "It seems that we have been under the glamour of this beast."
"But how?" Thaddeus asked.
Rasmere thought long and hard, trying to differentiate fact from fiction. He strained his mind to remember.
"Do you remember the light that appeared in the darkness?" Rasmere asked.
"Yes I do. It was River and the others," Thaddeus replied.
"Well in my reality it was a group of bandits. We killed them and took their horses," Rasmere said.
"It was neither," Thaddeus realized. "It was the Dashi."
"Precisely," Rasmere said. "If not for your savage friend we would still be stuck in its trance."
Thaddeus looked like a dagger was driven through the heart. The companionship they all had shared, false. The peace between Rasmere and Azonis, false. Everything was false. River and the others were still missing as well. King Graystone took to his knee and patted for the Hormut to come to him. The beast showed reluctance at first, but made its way to Thaddeus. The Hormut went down on its front paws and scooted its way over to the King. It whimpered and shivered. For a beast so fierce, it seemed to be reduced to the state of a scared pup.
"That's it. Come on boy," Thaddeus said as he extended his hand. "That's it, boy. I won't hurt you."
The Hormut smelled the King's hand and licked at his fingers. It inched its way closer. Thaddeus, ever so cautious, put his hand on the Hormut's head and gently stroked its fur. After a moment, the beast was panting with its purple tongue swinging back and forth.
"Thank you for your help," Thaddeus said.
The dog-like creature rotated its head to one side and let out a short bark. He understood Thaddeus.
"Do you have a name?" Thaddeus asked. "I suspect not."
The Hormut laid his head on Thaddeus's knee and panted. Out of the blue the Hormut shot up to all fours, and his ears stood erect. He took off toward the gate, barking loudly. Rasmere and Thaddeus set off after him. Once at the gate, Thaddeus and Rasmere saw a light, much like they had before, making its way through the dark night.
Thaddeus called out, "Hello out there!"
Someone answered his call at once, unlike the initial silence he experienced earlier.
"Thaddeus!" a familiar voice answered.
Thank the gods! Thaddeus thought as River, Azonis, and Caleb approached the hamlet.
They sat around the fire discussing the strange turn of events that happened since their separation at the river. Much to the King's surprise, Azonis and River's story was identical to the one he had imagined earlier. The only difference between the alternate reality and this, was the fact that Azonis did not make amends with Rasmere, and River did not ask to sit with the King to warm herself. She did so without asking.
Chapter 10
A New World
"It is so beautiful," Oggy said as his eyes danced across the landscape. Intense warmth grew inside of him. Never in his life had Oggy experienced such a feeling. "I heard stories about the surface. I have looked at the old drawings, but never could I imagine it would be so beautiful. Colder than I expected, but still beautiful."
"Bout as purdy as a spotted pup under a rose bush," Red said.
"It is very beautiful, and you have seen only a small portion," Lot said as he wrapped his grappling hook around his arm and tucked it back into his satchel. "And it is not always this cold. We are at the end of Harvesta, nearing Dyed."
"As extraordinary as it is, Hasbarie threatens to destroy it all," Locmire said. 
Why would anyone want to bring about ruination to a place such as this? Oggy thought.
 "That is an ambitious goal that I will not allow to happen," Urganox said, grinding his knuckles together.
"Wizard?" Oggy asked.
"Yes, King Stonefist," Locmire answered.
"I know we are in a hurry and have much to do." Oggy looked down at the ground, kicking a small stone. "Would it set us back something terrible if we walked around for a bit?"
Most of the Wizard's face hid behind his cowl, but Oggy was pleased to see a smile growing.
"We can spare a few moments, King Stonefist."
Oggy returned his smile and walked, ran, down to the base of Mt. Pizenchaffe.
"He be's a happy lil fellar," Red said. "It be mighty good of ye, Wizard. Lettin him run round."
"He must become accustomed to the surface. Leisure will do him well," Locmire replied. It will do us all well.
"Me would love ta had a lil fellar like dat runnin around on me ship. He just be's so darn cute," Red said, putting his hands on his hips. "A good luck charm."
"I cannot imagine what it must be like for him," Lot said, watching the Dainty scurry down the mountain. "The surface must be overwhelming."
"Indeed," Locmire replied.
Once Locmire and the rest of his companions made it to the foot of the mountain, they traveled south until they came to the main road. 
Urganox could not help but to let his thoughts drift westward to Morgorath. The green skin of his forehead wrinkled. The grinding of his teeth became louder and louder. 
If I were there when the Bear Men attacked. I would have charged them outside the gates. My people might have lived.
 Locmire sensed the pain and anger within the Brazurkin's heart. He knew that he had to ease Urganox's troubled soul.
"Urganox," Locmire said. "I would like to travel to Morgorath."
Urganox stopped mid-stride. His eyes grew wide. 
"No need. The only thing that awaits us at Morgorath is death and despair," Urganox replied. A scene I do not wish to deal with at the moment.
"We should go there and examine the situation. Also, Oggy needs more time to adjust to the surface. Let him explore until we meet with the others," Locmire rebutted.
Urganox considered this for a moment. "If we must."
The trip to Morgorath proved eventful, mainly due to Oggy's enthusiasm over the surface. It turned out to be the perfect day to show off the wonders of Calencia. The sun beamed down with a few fluffy clouds floating in the sky. The air was crisp, but the wind was mild, and there were no signs of rain. Oggy relished every moment. 
The sight of the Dainty trying to chase down an apuhroo incited much laughter. They passed by a small pond, where Oggy stripped his armor and jumped into the clear, crisp, water. His swim came to a halt when a sawfish mistook him for dinner and nibbled at his heels. Often, they pushed Oggy along as he gazed at the clouds trying to figure out how they took the shape of so many things. Oggy was positive that one cloud looked like a great and mighty dragon. After a while, the Dainty became accustomed to the sun and removed the dark goggles allowing him to take in all the beauty this new world offered. He had never seen so many colors in his entire life.
"Why would anyone in their right mind wish to live under a mountain when such treasure lay above the surface?" Oggy asked. "What were my people thinking?"
"Pizenchaffe is beautiful, in its own way," Lot said.
"Dat be true," Red blurted out. "Ain't no Broken Lamien up here. Me swears dat place be's da best pub me ever been to."
"When this is all said and done, I shall have to share the recipe for our drink with you, my friend," Oggy said, giving Red a slap on the thigh.
Red laughed and rubbed his leg. Under his breath, Red whispered, "Dat hurt a lil bit."
Urganox came to Lot, and asked, "Any more visions of your brother, or the others?"
"None," Lot replied. "It has been several days. I hope they are well."
"If something had happened to them, darkness would have already blanketed the land," Locmire said.
"After Morgorath, do we plan on reuniting with the others?" Lot asked.
"Yes," Locmire said. "As soon as Thaddeus lays down the portation stone I will know. He has already placed one near Lasticall."
"What would happen if we tried to go to them while he still had the stone in his possession?" Urganox asked.
"It would be quite messy," Locmire replied, curling his upper lip.
"Well then, let us make for certain he has placed the stone down before we go to them," Urganox said.
"I will know when the time comes," Locmire answered.
Up ahead in the road, a large brown bear lay basking in the sun. Oggy's eyes lit up with excitement. "What is that?" he asked.
"Dat thar be's a bear," Red replied. "Don't be fixin to go and-" Red tried to warn him not to bother the bear, but it was too late.
Oggy tore off in the bear’s direction. They yelled for him to come back, but it did no good. Excitement and curiosity overtook him. His tiny legs moved at unbelievable speeds, making it impossible to catch up with him.
"He is surprisingly fast for his size," Lot noted.
"Let us hope he is faster than a bear," Urganox chuckled.
"Should we go to him?" Lot asked.
"Nah," Urganox said, waving him off. "Let him figure it out on his own."
When Oggy got within a few feet of the bear, it rolled over on its side to see a tiny being running straight at it. The bear's eyes grew large, and it clambered to its feet. Oggy did not slow. The bear let out a loud roar and swatted at Oggy. This took the Dainty by surprise.
"Whoa there, fellow," Oggy said with wide eyes.
The bear did not listen. It swatted at him again. Its claws cried out as they raked across Oggy's armor. The Dainty flew through the air and tumbled to the ground. As soon as Oggy got back to his feet, he saw the bear charging him. He retreated in the opposite direction. 
Running by his friends, with the bear in hot pursuit, Oggy cried, "Help me! This thing is mad!"
Their laughter could not be stifled. The bear ran right past them. Locmire stretched out his staff, and a clear orb came from its end and encapsulated the bear. The orb lifted the bear off of the ground and floated away into the forest. The bear clawed and flailed about in the bubble, but it did it no good. Oggy never even noticed that the bear was no longer a threat to him and continued to run out of sight. When the King of the Dainties came back, out of breath and sweaty, he walked over to Red and punched him in the thigh. The Pirate let out a yelp and hit his knees.
"Why in da muddy rudder did ye do dat fur?" Red asked as he fell to his bottom and massaged his thigh.
"You almost got me killed!" Oggy cried.
"Me tried to warn ye. Ye not listen ta me!" 
"You most certainly did not," Oggy replied.
Urganox doubled over in laughter. Lot and Locmire sported large, toothy grins but held back their laughter.
"You think that was funny, eh?" Oggy asked as he rounded on Urganox. I will show you funny.
The Brazurkin King, after many attempts, quelled his laughter, and said, "I do."
Oggy drew back his gigantic fist and slammed it into Urganox's shin. The mighty Brazurkin let out a cry and fell to the ground grasping his lower leg. Urganox's face grew with rage. Then he cackled out once more.
"Bah!" Oggy said as he waved them off. "I am done with the both of you."
They continued onward to Morgorath, a little slower than before. For a small being, Oggy packed a big punch. Red and Urganox's legs were quite sore, and Oggy showed them no compassion. His tiny legs never slowed.
Locmire enjoyed the company of his new companions. They displayed so much emotion, each full of life. The Wizards of Fogarth never joked and carried on the way his new companions did. If a Wizard would have struck another Wizard, the way Oggy had Red and Urganox, it would have ended as a duel to the death. Calencia held many mysteries that Locmire did not understand when it came to humor and camaraderie, but he would soon learn with this bunch.
Chapter 11
Prophecy
The Looker sprang to his feet. Sweat dripped from his thick brow and trickled down the pale skin of his face. Another part of the prophecy just revealed itself to him, a glimpse of the not so distant future that troubled his soul. The Looker, whose skin had the texture of weathered leather, hobbled away from the Sands of Seeing, using his deadwood staff as a crutch. Step by step he descended the spiral staircase that lead to the Sands of Seeing, the highest point of the golden tower. The Looker navigated his way through narrow corridor after narrow corridor until he arrived at a thick wooden door. He knocked three times with the end of his staff.
"Come in," a soft voice answered.
The Looker pushed open the heavy door and entered.
"How may I assist you, Looker?" asked the Wizard behind the desk.
"Caussius, I fear the worst. I have been revealed another glimpse of the prophecy," the Looker said, his eyes large and trembling.
Caussius was leader of the Mazzers, a select lot of Wizards charged with defending Fogarth. The Mazzers did not have the sheer magical abilities that the Master Wizards possessed, or the reserves of magic for that fact. They honed their magic for the battlefield. Instead of unleashing spells one after another, the Mazzers used their magic in short bursts. Instead of staffs, they wielded short deadwood scepters in one hand, and a bladed weapon of their choosing in the other. A perfect combination of magic and might. 
Their lack of the traditional robes showed off their chiseled physique. They wore magically imbued suits of armor forged from craszik, an ore known only to the Wizards of Fogarth. When compared to the other ores in Calencia, craszik's durability could be questioned, but it was the only ore capable of holding magical enchantments. Craszik armor had a light, bright blue appearance, but once enchanted, it glowed a fierce yellow. The magical enchantments provided the Mazzers with extra protection while in battle. 
Their weapons, also constructed from craszik, were blue, but glowed with a bright red aura. The magical enchantments added to their weapons gave an otherwise unremarkable blade devastating magical properties. Fire, electricity and ice helped the craszik blades become much more deadly than the blue blades would have been on their own.
The Mazzers trained their entire lives but never once engaged in actual battle. No being had ever been foolish enough to attack Fogarth. Even though their chances for battle had always been slim to none, the Mazzers acted as if war could erupt at any moment.
"What do you fear, Looker?" Caussius asked. "What did you see?"
The Looker told Caussius what he witnessed in the Sands of Seeing. The Mazzers face fell expressionless.
"Are you certain?" Caussius asked.
"Yes. I am certain," the old Looker replied.
I hope you are mistaken. Caussius stood from his chair and said, "This is a rather unexpected turn of events. We shall prepare at once."
"How many Mazzers are in your command?" asked the Looker.
"Five, six counting myself," he said.
"Only six Mazzers?" The Looker sounded shocked. "What do you expect to do with just six of you?"
Caussius's brow narrowed, and a cold look came over him. Is he trying to insult me? "Six Mazzers are worth more than a thousand Human soldiers," Caussius said, sounding like the Looker just insulted his honor. "Besides, our fate is already written. You saw it with your own eyes."
"Caussius," he pleaded. "Do not think such thoughts."
"Why?" Caussius asked. “There is no changing the prophecy once revealed."
What Caussius said was true, somewhat. Once the Sands revealed a prophecy, that vision would come true. There were tales of prophecies being altered, but those feats were rare. Could one change the outcome of a prophecy? Caussius did not think so, but on this day he would hope.
Caussius dismissed the Looker, ordering him to seek the Reachers and have one of them attempt to contact Locmire. After that, he was to warn the other Wizards about the prophecy, and then take the Sands into hiding.
Caussius made his way to the training quarters. He stepped into the room to the song of blades striking one another, and the loud pops and cracks of spells being cast.
My favorite melody. "Attention!" Caussius called out in a stern voice.
Five Mazzers halted their training exercises and fell into formation.
Caussius was the largest Mazzer by far. He stood six feet tall and appeared half as wide. Slight wrinkles on his face signified his experience. Five, gray, mohawk-like rows of hair sat on his partially shaven head. 
Caussius's weapon of choice was a one handed war axe, imbued with the magical properties of lightning. A deadwood scepter hung from his side.
"Mazzers," he said, as he walked back and forth in front of them. "The time has come. We are soon to be met with battle."
The Mazzer's eyes lit up as Caussius spoke the words they so desired to hear all of their lives.
"Before you get too excited, I must tell you of the situation, as it was told to me," Caussius said.
He told the Mazzers what the Looker revealed to him. They stood silent; their happy expressions faded.
Jasix stepped forward and said, "It does not matter. We are bred for war. This is our purpose. We may not stand victorious, but we will kill many. We will make a difference."
This short, but heartfelt speech ignited the fires within his fellow Mazzers once more. They erupted in cheers, pumping their weapons in the air. Caussius motioned for them to calm.
"Now that we all know what gruesome fate lies before us . . . let us prepare for war! We shall strike down thousands of the Dark Wizard's horde! We will fight till the death, taking down as many of these abominations as we can." He marched back and forth rallying his troops. "Our time is now! Let us embrace our destinies."
Caussius, Jasix, Nabee, Vaden, Boll, and Yestin gathered their tools of war and began the preparations for battle. Today's training would have a renewed purpose.
Chapter 12
Snakes
Thaddeus woke the group early the next morning, or at least he thought it was the next morning, it was hard to tell. Everything was so much darker in the Dead Lands, even the sunrise. They wasted no time in departing. The quicker they left the Dead Lands, the better. Thaddeus lead the group with the Hormut by his side and under his feet. The King tried to come up with several names for the canine-like creature, but creativity was not his strong suit, and a beast such as this deserved a fitting name. 
The Hormut turned out to be a great companion to the King. It slept at his feet all night. Anytime Thaddeus moved the slightest bit, the Hormut jumped to his feet, ears pinned back and teeth flashing. At first, it was a challenge to calm the Hormut down once he became startled, but by the end of the night the beast responded to Thaddeus on command.
"I would have never imagined a Human could tame a Hormut," Rasmere called out. "It seems he has taken a liking to you."
"So it seems," Thaddeus replied as he stumbled along with the Hormut under his feet.
As the King lead the way, he kept thinking about the Dashi's alternate reality. I wish that Azonis and Rasmere had truly made amends. Things were so much better for a time even if it wasn't real. I look forward to a day when that reality is actual reality.
"If we continue in this direction, we should be able to make our way from this place soon," Rasmere said.
"I certainly hope so. I do not like it here," River replied.
"Me neither," Caleb added.
"Can you not just fly us back to the Free Lands?" Azonis asked Caleb.
"Possibly," Rasmere said. "But at some point, one of us would be left here alone."
"So," Azonis replied. "It would be better than wandering through here for days."
"Are you volunteering to be the last one out?" Rasmere asked.
"Point taken," Azonis said, looking around at the eerie wilderness. Who knows what is out there watching us.
"I can try to fly you all to the top of the cliff again," Caleb said.
"No," River said, stepping in front of him. "You are not strong enough yet. You must conserve your energy."
Well that conversation turned out better than I thought. They had a disagreement and did not end up on the verge of killing one another. Maybe, just maybe, they will rekindle their friendship, or whatever they had, Thaddeus thought. 
"It should not be much longer. We have covered a great distance. If we continue to follow this cliff, we are bound to find a way out of this valley," said King Graystone.
When they left from the hamlet, they followed the large cliff deeper into the Dead Lands, seeking a route to the Free Lands before they ventured too deep into the wicked forest. Earlier, Caleb tried to fly River up to the top of the cliff, but he failed to lift her off the ground. He had taken a beating at the hands of the Hoggins and was too weak to carry River, let alone Thaddeus. 
With the rounding of every bend, they hoped to find a way back to the top of the cliff. So far, this much sought after route had not presented itself. They traveled onward for a few more leagues, and the valley widened out. They came into a large, round, clearing. The cliff they traveled beside did not end though. It continued on in front of them and wrapped back around in the direction they had just came.
"A dead end," Thaddeus muttered. Now what? Thaddeus's eyes moved left to right, up and down, looking for a way out.
"What are we going to do now?" River asked.
"I do not know," Thaddeus said in a low voice as he surveyed the area.
"There has to be a way out of here," Azonis said as he walked forward.
"It don't seem like it," Caleb said. "This is a large area. Let me fly ahead to make sure."
"That may be a good idea, Thaddeus. I do not want to travel any further. It would not be wise to trap ourselves in this clearing," Rasmere said.
"I agree," Azonis said. "We would be sitting ducks in such a wide open area with no escape."
Thaddeus surveyed the situation. He did not want Caleb venturing out on his own, but he saw no other way. Azonis and Rasmere were correct. If they pushed forward and came to a dead end, they would be easy targets. At least between the two cliffs it would be harder to become surrounded.
"Very well," Thaddeus said. "Go check it out, but be careful. Come back at the first sign of trouble."
"Okay," Caleb said. "I'll be back shortly."
The Shifter launched himself into the air and transformed into the hawk. He soared high above the Dead Lands. Even in the open sky above the forest, it was still dark and dreary. He glided just above the tree line to the back of the circular clearing. 
Every inch of the cliff was straight up and down, and he saw no vegetation or natural structures that one could use to climb to the top. When his wings became too heavy to flap, Caleb turned, but from the corner of his eye something caught his attention; the opening of a cave hidden away in the cliff face near the back of the clearing. He swooped down for a closer look. Hovering at its mouth, Caleb did not like what he saw. He flew back to Thaddeus and the others.
"Look!" River exclaimed. "Here he comes."
Caleb touched down next to his companions and took his natural form once more.
"Where have you been?" Thaddeus growled. "Why were you gone so long?"
"I think I found a way out," Caleb said. "There is a cave at the back of the clearing in the face of the cliff."
"Well," Azonis said. "What are we waiting for?"
"There are thousands of bones lying around the mouth of the cave and a foul odor is coming from within," Caleb said, drying his palms on his pants. 
"It does not matter," Thaddeus said. "We are not back tracking, and this seems to be our only hope of escaping from this place."
"I agree," Azonis proclaimed.
"Rasmere?" Thaddeus asked.
The Forest Engenium nodded his head.
"River?"
"I go wherever you all go," she replied.
"Rrruuh," the Hormut barked.
They checked their belongings, fastened their armor, readied their weapons and made their way to the cave's entrance.
The mouth of the cave was short, but wide. Thousands of various types of bones lay scattered about the ground, in and outside, of the cave. 
"What kind of beast lives in here?" River asked, staying back at a good distance.
"I am not sure," Rasmere said as he picked up a bone. It is hungry, whatever it is. "It seems that it enjoys a wide variety of delicacies. The bones of Hoggins, Humans, cows, and many other creatures are scattered about."
"What would a cow be doing out here?" River asked. Do I really want to know the answer to that?
"Maybe this cave leads to the Free Lands. Whatever is inside might be dragging its prey here from the other side," Caleb suggested.
"Come on," Thaddeus said walking forward. "I will go in first. Let us get this over with."
Thaddeus got on his knees, moved aside a pile of decaying skulls and wiggled his way through the tiny opening. The others followed. The narrow tunnel lead them into a great cavern system. Its ceiling looked to be at least forty feet high.
River held up her staff. Under her breath, she said, "Illum."
"Why do you speak your incantations aloud? You never did before." Thaddeus asked.
"I was shy," she replied. Her cheeks turned a bright red. "I whispered them. I do not feel the need to whisper anymore."
She is coming out of her shell, Thaddeus thought. This is good. "Glad to see you a bit more comfortable with us."
River smiled and nodded.
The cave filled with a bright light, which Thaddeus could not have been more thankful for, although he did not like the picture it revealed. 
Bones and decomposing corpses filled the massive cavern. The stench of death made it difficult for him to draw breath. Stagnant blood and body parts covered the cave's floor. Whatever lived in this cave had a ravenous appetite and did not seem too keen on tidiness. 
"Come on," Thaddeus said, covering his nose and mouth with his hand. "Let's get this over with."
They explored the cave for a short time when they became faced with a decision; the cave forked off into two paths.
"Which way?" Caleb asked.
"Either way is a gamble," Rasmere replied.
"Should we split up?" Azonis asked.
"No," Thaddeus said. "We do not split up."
The Hormut sniffed the air. He walked over to the right handed path and growled. He did the same at the left handed path.
Well, that was reassuring. "It seems that danger faces us in either direction," Azonis said.
"Which way, boy?" Thaddeus asked.
The Hormut considered both paths, but chose the one to the left.
"Looks like we are going left," Thaddeus said. "Stay close, River. We need your light." 
I hope you are correct with you decision, my four legged friend, Thaddeus thought as he lead them into the cavern system.
They followed the left handed path for what seemed like hours. The deeper they traveled into the cavern, the more treacherous it became. Several times the floor of the cave fell away, revealing a black abyss. Azonis almost plummeted into the first of these bottomless holes, but Rasmere grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him back to safety.
The hidden bones that lay beneath the puddles of blood made it difficult to get proper footing, and at times, the walls almost touched one another, but they kept moving forward. They wondered if they would ever find their way out when the Hormut stopped dead in his tracks. He pinned his ears against his head and flashed his large, blood-stained, teeth. He sniffed the air and let out a low, but meaningful, growl.
"Something is ahead. Is everyone ready?" Thaddeus asked.
Azonis got a good grip on his sword and readied his shield. Rasmere drew his bow and nodded. Caleb transformed into his wolf form, and River gave Thaddeus a nervous smile. King Graystone hoisted his dragon bone axe to chest level and crept forward.
The passage opened up into a large chamber. At the back of the cave, a dim light shone through a small hole atop a pile of rubble. The light was the first thing Thaddeus noticed. He almost sprinted toward it, not noticing his surroundings. When he took a better look around the cave, he froze in his tracks.
"What are they?" Thaddeus asked in a hushed voice.
"Cold Hearts," Rasmere replied in a whisper. "River, put out your light."
The Mage lowered her staff, extinguishing the light.
Lying on the floor of the cave appeared to be at least twenty, large, snake-like humanoid creatures, the Cold Hearts. The Cold Hearts lay coiled up in tight balls, soaking up every ounce of the warm sunlight. They had the body shape of a Human, but the head and tail of a snake. Scaly, slimy, skin covered their thick bodies. Their skin was of a checked pattern; brown and gold. At the end of their tails were snow white rattles. A sword, or spear, and shield lay next to each of them.
"How do we plan on getting by them?" Azonis asked. 
Thaddeus looked around, but saw no means of eluding them. The King cracked his neck from side to side. We will do what we do best. "I say we slay them while they sleep," Thaddeus said.
"No," Rasmere interjected. "Cold Hearts are mighty warriors. They gave the Brazurkins the fight of their lives when they were driven from Morgorath. I do not think it wise to attack them in their lair. We are highly outnumbered."
"What do you suggest?" Thaddeus asked.
Rasmere thought for a moment, and said, "We could try to sneak past them."
"How?" Thaddeus asked, motioning to the Cold Hearts. "There is no way around them."
Rasmere took a deep breath. As he let it out he said, "We will need to step over them."
Are you mad? "What if they wake?" Azonis asked.
"Then we fight," Rasmere replied.
"Would it not be better to gain the upper hand and attack them while they sleep?" Thaddeus asked.
"Perhaps," said Rasmere.
"Can they be reasoned with?" asked Thaddeus.
"No," Rasmere stated. "We are in their den, which poses a huge threat to their safety."
Thaddeus gave the Cold Hearts a final glance. He then turned to look at his own companions. Caleb was not in the best condition and River still looked weary. Thaddeus, Rasmere, Azonis, and the Hormut were still in shape for battle. Perhaps Caleb may be able to fight, but he was not sure. A sneak attack seemed to be their only sensible option.
"I have an idea," Azonis said.
"I am all ears," Thaddeus replied.
Azonis turned to River and said, "Can you do to these beasts what you did to the Hoggins?"
"I. . . I am not sure. I am weak, but I believe that I may have enough magic to cast such a spell," River said. 
"Are you sure?" Thaddeus asked.
"Yes. I think so," she replied.
"Can you do so without expending all of your magic?" Azonis asked.
"Yes," she replied.
Thaddeus stood in front of River and looked her in the eyes.
"You must be certain," he said as he placed his hands on her shoulders. "There mustn't be a shadow of doubt," Thaddeus said.
"I am certain," River said with a more confident tone.
"Very well," Thaddeus said, stepping forward. "Do it."
River drew her staff and pointed it at the Cold Hearts. "Bomonus!" she cried.
The Cold Hearts woke to find themselves floating on the ceiling of the cavern, surrounded by a translucent orb. The Cold Hearts thrashed about in the air, hacking and slashing at the barrier, but it did them no good.
"Let's go," River said. "We must move fast!"
They made their way under the suspended, snake-like creatures. All seemed to be going well. The Hormut jumped up and down looking at the ceiling, barking and growling. They were fifty feet away from the opening that lead out of the cave when River cried out.
"Hurry! I cannot sustain them much longer!"
"You must!" Thaddeus exclaimed.
"Concentrate, River," Caleb said. "You can do this."
His words gave her strength, but only for a moment. River fell to her knees, then onto her stomach, unconscious once more. With River unable to hold the spell, the Cold Hearts fell from the air and crashed onto the rocky bottom of the cave; a few of them becoming impaled on the stalactites below. They took to their feet in an instant. The cave filled with the eerie song of the Cold Heart's rattles.
"Attack!" Thaddeus cried, rushing forward.
The Cold Hearts struck with a speed and might to which Thaddeus was unaccustomed. He dueled with two of the snake creatures, the bigger one their leader. They drove him backward through the cave, their swords against his axe. Thaddeus slipped on the slick bottom of the cave and fell to one knee. He deflected the first incoming blow with his axe, then he shoved their leader back and got to his feet. King Graystone retaliated with a flurry of his own. His axe whirled, hungry for blood, but they blocked each and every strike he sent their way.
Caleb turned into a hawk. He wrapped his talons around River's shoulders and flew her through the opening, the Cold Hearts nipping at her heels. The Shifter placed her on the ground outside of the cave and flew back to the fight.
Azonis and Rasmere fought back to back, just like they had so many times. The Cold Hearts charged them three and four at a time. The two Engeniums called upon all of their skill to defend themselves against the constant barrage of spears and swords. They could not mount an offensive attack. Each time they advanced, they found themselves driven back by another barrage of steel.
Caleb and the Hormut fared a little better than the others. Caleb, in the form of the wolf, had one of the Cold Hearts pinned down, tearing at its throat. The Hormut snapped his strong jaws shut on the end of one of their tails and drug it across the cave. The Cold Heart tried to dig and claw its way to freedom, but the Hormut would not release his grip. He opened his mouth for a moment and latched back on once more, this time a little further up on its tail. The Hormut shook his head from side to side ripping and tearing at its tail. The Cold Heart's tail came free from its body. It hissed out in pain as green blood poured from its bloody stump. After a few moments, the snake-like being bled out and lay lifeless on the ground.
Caleb and the Hormut did their best to help Thaddeus and the Engeniums thin the Cold Heart's ranks. While the canines dealt with the snake men a little easier than the others, it proved a slow, laborious task even for them.
Thaddeus engaged in a violent game of push and shove with the leader of the Cold Hearts. The snake man lunged at Thaddeus with his sword, retracted it, and back slashed. The blade sparked off of Thaddeus's armor. King Graystone jumped at the first break in the leader’s defense. He thrust the handle of his axe and smashed it into the leader's throat. It grasped at its throat and spun, knocking Thaddeus to the ground with its long, muscular tail. It pounced at him, but Thaddeus rolled out of the way. The King made it to his feet well before the Cold Heart. 
You may be fast, but not as fast as I, Thaddeus thought. 
He swung his axe and cleaved off its tail where it met its body. Their leader screeched, flopping about the ground like a fish out of water. Thaddeus, showing mercy, put it out of its misery. As soon as the leader had fallen, the others sensed it. The tides of battle turned in The Saviors favor.
Rasmere called out to Azonis, "Brace yourself!"
Before Azonis responded, Rasmere moved out from behind him as one of the Cold Hearts thrust his spear. The spear clanged off of Azonis's armor, knocking the Sestian forward several feet. Rasmere, calm and collected, inserted the tip of his blade into the spear-wielding Cold Heart's throat. When Azonis tumbled forward he used his shield to plow through three of the snake men, knocking them off balance. He went to work, hacking and slashing at them with his golden sword. Rasmere fought his way through a handful of the snake men, leaving a path of death in his wake.
The Cold Hearts still pushed The Saviors to the limits of their abilities, but they now mounted an offense of their own. Caleb and the Hormut wreaked havoc amongst them. They bit, snapped, and tugged at the tails of the snake men, giving the others the opportunity to capitalize on the distraction. The Cold Hearts were mighty warriors, and they showed little gaps in their defense. Caleb and the Hormut helped to expose them.
Azonis utilized the safety of his shield and waited for openings to attack. The Sestian, calculated and brutal with his offense, hacked, slashed, and impaled many of the snake men with his golden sword.
Rasmere did what he did best: counter attack or parry and riposte. He held his sword to his side, dodging the incoming strikes with his blazing quick speed. Once the Cold Hearts committed themselves to their strike, he would slide his sword into their scaly skin. He parried several incoming blows and followed them with a riposte, often finding his target's vital organs. 
Thaddeus went about his battle in a more barbaric fashion. The King flew into a rage. His fury gave him strength. He swung his axe in wild, murderous arcs. Each time it connected with one of his foes, an appendage flew across the cave. King Graystone used his size and strength to cleave his way through the snake men.
The Cold Hearts' numbers fell to less than ten, not counting one who flailed about on the ground, legless. The Saviors found themselves able to catch their breath from time to time as the Cold Hearts showed signs of fatigue. 
Thaddeus dropped his axe and drew his swords. He simultaneously checked two incoming strikes and then drove the swords into the stomachs of his attackers. He removed his swords, and in the nick of time, threw his arm up to fend off another attack. The Cold Heart tried to bite him, wrapping its large fangs around the King's arm. He tried to shake the beast, but to no avail. Something whizzed by Thaddeus's head and the Cold Heart released its grip on him. Thaddeus turned to see Rasmere standing across from him, bow in hand. Thank you, Thaddeus thought as he nodded at the Sword.
Caleb hovered over top of one of the snake men, tearing at its throat, when another came from behind and kicked him in the ribs. He whimpered and fell to the ground. He opened his eyes to find the Cold Heart falling upon him, mouth wide and bearings its fangs. Knowing he did not have enough time to flee, he turned into a small bird and flew into its open mouth. The Cold Heart looked surprised as the tiny bird wiggled its way down its throat. The Cold Heart cried out in pain. Its body exploded open, and a golden lion emerged. Caleb shook the bits of the Cold Heart from his fur, let out a blood curdling roar, and looked for another victim.
Azonis drove his sword through the heart of a Cold Heart when Rasmere cried, "Azonis! Look out!" He was too late.
Before the Sestian turned, an exploding pain consumed his face. His eyes rolled back into his head, and he fell to the ground. Rasmere let an arrow loose into the legless Cold Heart who was sitting on his bloody stumps, with a large grin on his face. Rasmere ran to the Sestian's side. Although the spear hit no vital areas, it had gone through both of his cheeks. The sight of Azonis turned Rasmere's stomach. Both of his cheeks lay split open, all the way back to his jaw bone. The skin of his face folded down and hung loose, exposing his teeth and gums.
Thaddeus, Caleb, and the Hormut finished the remaining snake men without the aid of Rasmere or Azonis. They checked to make sure none of their foes still drew breath. Some did, but Thaddeus remedied that with his axe.
Thaddeus surveyed the scene. Caleb sat on his rear haunches next to the Hormut, both of them cleaning the blood from their fur. Concern came over Thaddeus when he saw Rasmere kneeling next to an unconscious Azonis. The King did not see what happened to the Sestian, but he feared the worst.
"Is he alive?" Thaddeus asked.
"Yes," Rasmere replied. His bronze skin lightened a few shades. "He is alive, but he has sustained a bad injury."
"What happened?" King Graystone asked.
"A spear struck him in the face," Rasmere said as he stood. 
Thaddeus looked at the Sestian, squinting his eyes and curling his lips. His stomach churned, and he broke out into a cold sweat. Azonis, while still alive, was now maimed for life. He no longer looked like the handsome ruler of Lasticall but rather like a creature that one might encounter in the Dead Lands. To make matters worse, the cuts were ragged and uneven. He looked like a monster.
"I will help you with him. We must get out of here as quickly as we can," Thaddeus said.
Caleb came over to see what was happening. He gasped. "What happened?"
"A spear struck him in the face," Thaddeus said. "We need to get out of here."
Thaddeus made his way to the exit. The Hormut stayed by the King's side. Rasmere got Azonis up to the opening in the cave, and Caleb helped to pull him through to the other side.
Once they made it out of the cave, the heroes fell to the ground, exhausted. None of them had ever been happier to see the Free Lands. The sun shone bright, warm, rays down upon them. It was still rather cool, but nothing compared to the desolate land they just escaped. Caleb lay on the ground, bruised and battered, taking the time to notice the pain coursing through his body. 
River slept under a large oak tree. She looked as if her life had fled from her body. 
The Hormut lay on his side, panting and enjoying the rays of sunlight.
Rasmere tended to Azonis, preparing a mix of herbs he found nearby. Azonis would be in unbearable pain once he woke, and Rasmere wanted to be prepared.
Thaddeus sat by himself, clutching his right hand. Jabs of pain shot up his arm. It felt as if he plunged his arm into a fire. He removed his bracer and the hidden mechanical device. A thin line of dried blood trickled from his forearm. A tiny hole appeared on the anterior portion of his arm. He took a dagger from his knapsack and prodded at the wound. Thaddeus grimaced as he removed the tip of a tiny fang from his arm. It seems that I am not invincible, Thaddeus thought. He looked at it, scoffed, and threw it aside. Once he put his bracer back on, King Graystone joined his comrades, just in time.
The Sestian flailed about on the ground, screaming to the top of his lungs, clutching at the gaping wounds on his face. It took all of King Graystone's might to restrain the Sestian.
"What has happened to my face?" he screamed. "What has happened to meeee?"
They did their best to calm him. Rasmere, by force, administered his mix of herbs to the Sestian. It helped to reduce his pain and calm him.
They made camp next to the hidden entrance to the cave. The Hormut stood watch next to the cave's entrance. Rasmere disappeared in the forest to hunt for food. A long time passed since they had eaten a hot meal, and some wild game would do much to restore their worn bodies. Thaddeus and River sat with Azonis as he slept. Caleb dug through his bag looking for his small medical kit which he carried with him since the Civil War. He hoped that the needle and thread were still in his pack. Azonis needed medical attention in the worst way, and Caleb was the closest thing to a healer they had.
Chapter 13
Return to Morgorath
Laughter and excitement was the constant for the rest of the trip to Morgorath. The paring of Red and Oggy, and their antics, kept everyone's spirits high. Locmire was thankful for them both. In a short time, King Urganox would relive the destruction of his kingdom, and Locmire suspected fate brought Red and Oggy together to help lighten the mood. It surprised Locmire to find that King Urganox Skullsplitter responded well to the both of them, considering Brazurkins were not known for their sense of humor.
Also, to Locmire's surprise, Lot revealed himself to be quite the historian. The Thief told of the stories and legends concerning the various areas and landmarks they passed. Lot retold the story of the fabled Ryker Graystone when they spotted his monument on the outskirts of Mt. Pizenchaffe. Lot told tales of battle and bravery as they crossed the battlefields of old. It was as if Lot had been present on the battlefield when he spoke of the war between the Brazurkins and Cold Hearts as they neared Morgorath. Lot reminded Locmire of a geyser, but instead of overflowing with water, his mind overflowed with knowledge and lore about the days of old.
"How did you learn of these things?" Locmire inquired.
Lot slowed his pace and looked at the sky. Squinting against the sun, he smiled. He pushed his brown hair back behind his ears.
"When I was a child, my family was not wealthy. My father, however, was wealthy in other ways. He had a great many books, mostly on history and traditions. He read to me every night," Lot stopped. Why do I do this every time I speak of my father? He wiped the corner of his eye and sucked back the tears. "When he passed away, he left me his books. I made it a point to read each one of them. I developed a great hunger for knowledge. So, while I was out performing my duties as a thief, I kept an eye out for any literature that one might have lying around. In my few short years as a thief, I came into possession of many, many, books. Some gave me the understanding of complex numbers and languages, while others told of the various gods throughout Calencia, the stars, and many other intriguing subjects. I have never come across a book I would not read."
"Books are one of the great blessings that many dismiss. Imagine the wealth of knowledge the inhabitants of Calencia would have if more beings picked up a book from time to time," Locmire said. 
"It would be scary to even think about it. Imagine what a few good books in the hands of Calencia's more. . ." Lot paused trying to find the right words, "in the hands of the races we would like to see erased would do."
Lot noticed that Locmire seemed to have become a slight bit perturbed at something he said. The Wizard's face became hard and expressionless. He didn't reply to the Thief's statement.
Lot asked, "Did I say something to offend?"
Locmire stopped in his tracks.
He asked Lot, "Who were you referring to when you said the races you would like to see erased?"
Lot seemed taken aback. He had not even considered that this statement would offend anyone, let alone Locmire. I will need to choose my words carefully.
"You know," the Thief said. "The Cold Hearts, the Hoggins, the Goops, and even the Pranthers from old."
"You know nothing, Thief!" Locmire said. "And what of the Humans? They committed genocide once the durability of the Jalut's stone was discovered." Lot began to speak, but Locmire interjected. "And what of the Engeniums? They were engaged in one of the longest, bloodiest wars in all of Calencia and for what? Gold?"
"The-" Locmire interrupted him again.
"What of the Kwaynots? They drove their own race, not to mention the Pranthers, into extinction over a tract of land."
Lot wanted to speak again, but held his tongue. 
"What of the Groots? Was the Forest of Lasticall not large enough for them to share with the Hoggins? What of the Brazurkins? Did they not take Morgorath by force and slay many of the Cold Hearts? Even the hands of the Dainties are not unsoiled. You experienced first hand what they did to their fallen warriors. No wonder the Lamiens were uncontrollable. The Raptilians even had their fair share of underhanded acts," Locmire paused for a long moment. "Now, you tell me who needs erased?"
Lot was speechless; the muscles of his face frozen. He could not have spoken even if he wanted. The Wizard had just laid the facts on him that most fail to mention. Sure, Lot knew of these events, but never thought ill of them. 
And why is that? Lot wondered. 
He supposed he felt this way because of his teachings; the teachings of the dominant races. He had never once stopped to consider the wrongs all the races had committed. 
Before he responded, Locmire spoke again.
 "I am sorry," the Wizard said, with the most genuine look of remorse that Lot had ever seen. "I should not have acted in such a fashion."
"No need to apologize. I have never looked at it that way before," Lot admitted, pausing for a moment to prepare his next statement. "From what I know, the Cold Hearts, the Hoggins, and the others I mentioned are all violent and troublesome."
"They are," Locmire replied.
"Then why did you become so upset?" Lot asked.
"It saddens me to see the paths those races took. No one ever stops to wonder what made them that way. What if the Brazurkins had never taken Morgorath from the Cold Hearts? Although they were always unpredictable, the Cold Hearts mainly stayed to themselves. Even the Hoggins were somewhat peaceful until they clashed with the Groots," Locmire said with a sigh. 
And we could have potentially stopped each and every war in Calencia, but chose otherwise.
"But our history does not tell it so. It has always been told that they were evil, heartless, creatures from the beginning," Lot replied.
"Sometimes," Locmire paused. "history is more fiction, than fact."
Locmire placed his hand on Lot's shoulder, gave it a squeeze, and walked away.
For the rest of the trip to Morgorath, Lot remained mostly silent, even amidst Red and Oggy's follies. Locmire's words weighed heavy on his heart. He could not stop thinking about how things might have been different if the inhabitants of Calencia showed a little more compassion and understanding. All he knew, all he read, changed in a matter of minutes. He would need to question the Wizard further when he had the chance.
A little after mid-day, they arrived at Morgorath, or what remained of it.
"There it is," King Urganox Skullsplitter said, taking large, slow, steps toward his ruined kingdom.
Morgorath sat between the Arplasia and Pizenchaffe Mountains. The top half of the Arplasia Mountain range had broken off and fallen into the valley. Rubble stretched all the way to the Pizenchaffe Mountains. The great gate and stone walls that marked the entrance to Morgorath lay in ruins, lost in the debris. An aroma of death hung in the air, accompanied by a multitude of flies and circling buzzards. The sky was dark; it looked more like dusk than mid-day.
King Skullsplitter approached the rubble and climbed atop it. He walked from stone to stone, hoping for the slightest sign of life. A hope was all it turned out to be. Urganox and his companions scoured the entire valley, shouting as they went. The rubble did not swallow all the Brazurkins. Some of them lay smashed between the rocks while others had received a hard knock to the head or body. 
I cannot stand seeing my people like this. I cannot even give them a proper burial. "Come," the King said. "Let us take leave from here. I cannot bear it any longer."
Oggy went to Urganox's side and said, "I promise you that I will stop at nothing to avenge the loss of your kingdom."
"Thank you," Urganox said, struggling to speak.
"Aye," Red said. "Me will do alls dat me can ta help ye right dis wrong."
Once again, he said, "Thank you."
They made their way back to where the entrance to Morgorath once stood.
"Where do we go from here?" Urganox asked.
"We wait," Locmire said.
"For Thaddeus to lay down his stone?" Oggy asked.
"Yes," replied the Wizard.
We have been waiting too long. He should have already made it to Dead Marsh. "Are you certain he has not already placed the stone down?" Lot asked.
"I am sure. He has not removed it from his person," Locmire answered.
"What be deez?" Red asked, holding up two large, curved objects in his hand.
"Let me see those!" Urganox demanded. He rushed over to Red and took the objects from his hands, and said, "Would you look at that!"
"What?" Red asked.
"Ha!" Urganox laughed. "These are my horns!"
"Ye horns?" the Pirate asked.
"Yes, you fool. My horns! Did you think that these two bony stumps on my head were my natural apperance?" Urganox asked.
"Me don't know. Ain't never saw no Brazurker bafore," Red replied.
Urganox gazed upon his broken horns. For an instance, he considered keeping them, but then decided that they would only serve to remind him of his failure. As he was about to cast them into the sea of rubble, Locmire took him by the wrist.
"I can fix them," the Wizard said.
"You can what?" Urganox asked, eyes wide. 
"I said, I can fix them," he repeated.
Urganox looked at his horns once more, and said, "No. It will only remind me of my short comings. Once a Brazurkin is bested in battle, his horns are to be removed, as a sign of his failure."
Oggy said, "You were not bested in battle. I do not know of anyone alive who would consider having a mountain fall upon them, bested in battle."
"Exactly," Lot said. "Who bested you? An entire mountain? I think not. If anything, you came out victorious. You survived."
"Do you really think so?" Urganox asked, his voice becoming louder, stronger.
"Without a doubt," Oggy replied.
"Can you fix them?" Urganox asked.
"Yes," Locmire said as he took the horns in his hands. "They will be just like they were before."
"Do it," Urganox said, falling to his knees.
Locmire took the horns and lined them up the best he could on Urganox's stumps. A blue light grew from the palms of his hands, turning Urganox's horns the same color of blue. The King grimaced. After a moment, Locmire removed his hands.
"There," the Wizard said.
Urganox traced his ram-like horns with his thick, green, hands. The King felt the base of his skull for any signs of structural weakness. He grabbed them and gave them a hard tug. They did not move. King Skullsplitter stood tall and proud with his mighty, ram-like, horns back on his head. Somehow, besides the obvious addition to his head, he looked different, as if a torch had been lit inside him.
"How do they look?" Urganox asked, turning his head from side to side, proudly showing them to the group.
"Majestic," Oggy replied.
When no one else answered, Urganox took it upon himself to illicit an answer from the others.
"Uh-hum," Urganox grunted, as he looked toward Lot.
"Oh," Lot said, as if he had been taken by surprise. "They look great."
He looked to Locmire.
"Magnificent," the Wizard replied.
Red's answer was a little different. 
Laughing between every word, Red said, "Ye,look, like, an, ole, billy, goat!"
With a grin, Urganox said, "I will show you a goat, Pirate!"
He lowered his head and charged Red. The Pirate, being light on his feet, evaded the first charge. Urganox caught Red off guard with his second attack. This time the Pirate did not evade the stampeding King. He could only run. Red was fast for a lush. He almost pulled away from Urganox until he tripped on a rock and went flying through the air. He landed on his back in the rubble pile. Urganox laughed as he pulled the Pirate to his feet.
"Ye fool! Ye could've kilt me!" Red yelled.
 Urganox, however, did not answer. He stood motionless. His green skin lost a shade.
"Kraydar," Urganox said. His knees grew weak and buckled.
Red had fallen on top of the lifeless body of Urganox's old friend and second in command. 
Kraydar did not look like Urganox remembered him. His body, mangled and bloody, along with his broken horns, almost made him unrecognizable. 
"My old friend," Urganox said, frowning. How is it that I survived and you did not? You were feet away from me. If only I had arrived sooner. He looked back at the others. "I must bury him," the King said.
"We will help," Oggy replied.
As Urganox lifted the last boulder that had Kraydar's body pinned to the ground, something unexpected happened . . . he opened his eyes.
"What-" Urganox got out before Kraydar extended his leg, kicking Urganox in the chest and sending him flying through the air.
From within the rubble the moans and grunts of the recently deceased Brazurkins and Bear Men filled the valley.
Chapter 14
Talks of War
"What business do you have in Lasticall?" asked the Engenium gate keeper.
"My name is Alexander Gorman. I was sent by the acting King of Galdarath, Sebastian Buxton, to speak with the Sestian. Will he see me?"
"Wait a moment," the Engenium replied.
The man sat on his horse several minutes, waiting on the Engeniums to allow him entrance into the city. It seemed that Lasticall took just as many precautious as Galdarath in these troubled times. Finally, the gate keeper's head popped back up over the wall.
"Sestian Drave has been expecting you," the gate keeper called out as the bridge lowered, and the large opas wood gate rose.
This marked the first time Alexander Gorman ever set foot in Lasticall. He heard stories of the wealthy city of the Engeniums, but nothing prepared him for what lay before his eyes.
All the structures inside the city were crafted from blocks of gold. The precious ore even served as the road through the kingdom, as well as the side roads and walks. One would have a difficult time determining which was brighter; the sun or the city.
 Alexander stood for a long moment staring at the magnificent home of the High Engeniums. The castle, also made from gold and accented with precious gems, could be spotted from any point in the city, as it was the largest structure in the entire kingdom, towering above the other buildings and even the trees in the forest. 
As he approached the castle, he saw hundreds of Forest Engeniums working frantically, making repairs to the city and its walls. The High Engeniums seemed to be overseeing this project, as it did not look like they fancied getting their own hands dirty. 
This is the reason I despise this place, Alexander thought. 
The High Engenium who led Alexander to the castle pointed out several important land marks throughout the city. Alexander, a proven warrior in Galdarath, got butterflies in his stomach when he saw The Stage. He vividly remembered the stories of how a lowly Forest Engenium rose to greatness. Even though there had never been another tournament in Lasticall, Alexander Gorman would still love to step inside its walls.
They ascended a lengthy set of steps and entered the castle. The interior of the castle proved to be just as spectacular as the exterior, maybe even a little more so. Swirls of emerald and diamond highlighted the golden walls, floor, and ceilings.
When they were just outside of the throne room, the High Engenium said to Alexander, "Wait here. The Sestian will call for you when he is ready."
Alexander nodded his head and patiently waited for an audience with the Sestian.
A moment later the Engenium reemerged from the throne room and said, "The Sestian will see you now."
Alexander entered the throne room and had to stop and admire its beauty. It was even more extravagant than the throne room in Galdarath. He could see his reflection on the floor.
 A High Engenium dressed in a suit of armor made of gold sat on the throne, shoulders back and chin held high. He did not appear to be as tall as the other High Engeniums, nor as large, but his face was hard and weathered, riddled with scars. A golden chain held his silver ponytail in place behind his head.
"Welcome to Lasticall," the Sestian said as he stood. "My name is Tontal Drave, the acting Sestian of Lasticall."
Alexander Gorman bowed to one knee, "My name is Alexander Gorman, General of Nallenwood's army. I am currently acting as Commander of the entire militia of Galdarath. I bring good tidings from King Buxton."
Tontal sat back on his throne.
"You bring a message from King Buxton?"
Alexander rose to his feet. Tontal took notice of Galdarath's Commander. For a Human, he was of average build. He wore a suit of black armor, with a long sword sheathed on his hip and matching black shield slung across his back. Alexander kept his face and head clean shaven, showing off his well-defined facial features. Alexander's chin looked to be cut from stone. 
A formidable man, Tontal thought.
"Yes, Sestian Drave. King Buxton sends you a letter," Alexander said as he gave the letter to Tontal's attendant.
"Why is it that King Buxton sends his commander to deliver this letter?" Tontal asked.
"It is of dire importance, and he trusted no others with the task," Alexander answered.
Tontal opened the letter and read.
Acting Sestian of Lasticall, Tontal Drave:
I do not believe we have ever had the pleasure of meeting one another. My name is Sebastian Buxton, acting King of Galdarath. Before accepting my second stint as King, I was Galdarath's Commander and protector of King Thaddeus Graystone. I am sure you have heard of me.
As you are aware, Calencia is on the verge of falling into darkness once more. The Dark Wizard, Hasbarie, has returned to the land of the living. These are dire times indeed. We have both been blessed, or cursed, depends on how you look at it, with the responsibility of protecting our respected kingdoms in these perilous times. It is my belief that we must not sit idly by as the Lord of the Dead mobilizes and strengthens his forces. We must act. I do not know what instruction Sestian Ferrini gave you before he departed, but Thaddeus conveyed to me that the most important thing was the protection of our kingdom. I assume Azonis gave you similar instruction. It is my belief that to achieve this goal, we must act.
 While King Graystone and Azonis Ferrini are gone fulfilling their responsibilities to Calencia, I feel we must fulfill our own responsibilities. With that being said, I propose that we prepare our forces to march on Hasbarie in the uninhabited area west of Morgorath. I have also sent correspondences to Dead Marsh and Pizenchaffe. It saddens me to think of the travesty that fell upon the Brazurkins, but I fear the same fate for the rest of the kingdoms if swift action is not taken. 
I propose that we send the majority of our forces, leaving behind only the minimal amount of troops to defend our kingdoms, to destroy Hasbarie and his forces. It was revealed to me that only the descendants of the Saviors would be able to defeat Hasbarie. This may be true, but I am not willing to sit back and watch his forces ravage our lands. I do not want to see the Dead Lands grow any larger than they already are. 
I plan on marching Galdarath's army toward Hasbarie's self appointed territory in two days’ time. If all goes well, we should encounter the Dark Wizard's army on the morning of the second day after we march. I implore you to consider strengthening Calencia's Army by sending your army to take place in the battle, just as it was so many years ago.
I have heard a great and many things concerning you. I truly hope we have the opportunity to fight next to one another in the battle for Calencia. Please inform me of your decision in a timely manner. If you choose to pursue this course of action, Galdarath's army will wait for you on the outskirts of our kingdom, along the main road near Pizenchaffe.
Sincerely, Sebastian Buxton 

Tontal read and reread the letter. Alexander could not even assume what the Sestian was thinking, as his facial expression never changed. Commander Gorman stood silent and still awaiting his response.
"Yes," Tontal said as he stood.
"Excuse me?" Commander Gorman asked.
"Yes," Tontal repeated. "I agree with King Buxton. We cannot sit by as this evil threatens our lands. Tell King Buxton, Lasticall will be by his side. I will prepare our army to march out on the morrow."
Commander Gorman bowed before the Sestian, rose, and said, "Very well, Sestian Drave. I will send word to King Buxton of your intentions."
"You are not going to deliver the message yourself?" Tontal asked.
"No," Alexander replied. "I am to deliver another message to the Queen of Dead Marsh."
"Hopefully you will encounter King Graystone and Sestian Ferrini. It would serve the armies well to know the welfare of their true leaders," Tontal replied. "They were headed that way when we last spoke."
"Yes it would," Alexander replied. "I will keep a keen eye out for them."
"A question before you go," Tontal said.
"Yes?" Commander Gorman replied.
"Just yesterday two messengers came to our gates seeking King Graystone. What message did they bring?" Tontal asked.
Alexander looked puzzled. "Galdarath has sent no messengers for King Graystone."
"One of them was a Human, the other Raptilian," Tontal replied.
"No," Alexander said. "We have sent no messengers for the King. Did you speak with them?"
"No. No I did not. We did not allow them entrance to the city. One of our gate keepers informed them that King Graystone departed for Dead Marsh, and they went on their way," Tontal said.
"I wonder of their true intentions," Alexander said as he rubbed his bald head. "I do not have a good feeling about these strangers."
"Nor do I," Tontal agreed. "I will send out riders to search for them and bring them back to Lasticall for questioning."
"I will search for them as well," Alexander replied. And I hope I find them first.
"Be cautious, Alexander. Would you like me to send one of the Sestian's guards along with you?" Tontal asked.
Commander Alexander Gorman considered Tontal's proposal. His initial response was no, but then his mind filled with the dangers that lay before him. Besides, it would not hurt to strengthen the bond between the Engeniums and Humans since they would join forces in less than a day's time.
"Yes," Alexander replied. "If you have an extra sword to spare, it would be greatly appreciated."
"Certainly. If these strangers pose a threat to Thaddeus, they also pose a threat to Azonis. I will have someone wait for you at the gate," Tontal said as he stood. "Good travels, Alexander Gorman. I hope you make it to Dead Marsh safely."
"Thank you, Sestian Drave. I will send word to King Buxton momentarily. I look forward to standing beside you in battle," Alexander said.
"As do I," Tontal replied.
When Alexander arrived at the gate leading out of Lasticall, the Forest Engenium who had brushed and saddled his horse handed him the reigns. Mounted on a horse beside his own, a High Engenium sat, ready to ride. He wore the traditional golden armor of the High Engeniums, with a matching sword on his side and shield on his back. A golden helmet hid his silver hair. His bronze face was rugged and riddled with scars.
"My name is Nezzer Trock. I am one of the Sestian's royal guards. I look forward to traveling with a man of your caliber and renown."
Alexander knew of this Engenium, Nezzer Trock. He had the reputation as one of the finest warriors in all of Lasticall. Rumor had it that his face became disfigured when he encountered a nasty run in with a young Woggen when he was a child. The stories said that Nezzer killed the Woggen single handedly, but only after the Woggen sank its teeth into his face and peeled most of his flesh away.
"The pleasure is all mine. Are you prepared to depart?" Alexander asked.
"Yes," he simply stated.
Alexander removed a small piece of parchment from his satchel and penned a short note to King Buxton. He then pulled a small cage from his bag and took out a tiny bird called a snoot and secured the note to its leg.
Alexander held the bird up in the air and said, "Galdarath, King Buxton."
The snoot flew from his hands and headed north for Galdarath.
The Commander of Galdarath and the Sestian's guard tore off westward along the main road toward Dead Marsh. In the back of Alexander's mind, he could not stop wondering about the intentions of the two strangers who had come to Lasticall under false pretenses in search of King Thaddeus Graystone. He hoped that he would catch up with them along the road before they found his king.
Chapter 15
Morgorath Rises
"To arms!" Locmire cried out.
The reanimated Brazurkins and Bear Men crawled from the rubble. Most of the fallen warriors' bodies remained intact, while others could not stand, only drag themselves with their remaining extremities. Their eyes were solid black, soulless. Once foes, now the Brazurkins and Bear Men worked together to help remove the large chunks of the rock from their fallen comrades.
The Wizard saw a figure standing to his side. He turned to find Red standing, pistol drawn. Before Locmire could react, Red pulled the trigger. Locmire tensed up and quickly relaxed as something fell behind him. He turned to see a Brazurkin sprawled out with an axe in hand. Blood oozed from a hole in the center of his head.
"Relax, Old One. Me ain't fixin on shootin ya," Red said, chuckling. "Dat be's twice me saved yer hide.
Urganox made his way to his feet and looked around, stunned. 
What just happened? 
In front of him a large figure stood clutching a war hammer. Kraydar. His right arm dangled to his side, almost severed from his trunk. A boulder left his head flattened and oblong. His horns, and one of his large eye teeth, were broken. Dried blood covered his body and frenzied maggots filled his wounds.
"Kraydar," Urganox said. His voice cracked. "It is I, Urganox."
Kraydar turned his head to one side as if confused. He looked at Urganox with an icy stare and lumbered forward.
"Kraydar!" Urganox exclaimed. "It is I! King Urganox!"
Kraydar increased his pace.
Lot ran to Urganox's side and said, "Urganox! You must kill him!"
Urganox snapped around and said, "I will not kill him. He is my friend. I will not cause him harm, nor will any of you." I just have to make him remember who he is. That is all.
"Look at him, Urganox! The creature before you is not your friend. He is not even of the living!" Lot pleaded. "You must kill him . . . or I will."
Urganox directed his attention back to Kraydar, who was now mere feet away from him. He glimpsed Kraydar's onyx colored eyes. 
This is not my friend, at least not the friend I remember. This creature is an abomination. I still must try. "Kraydar, this is your last chance. If you do not stop, I will be forced to raise my hand against you."
Kraydar now hovered over him. He raised his war hammer high into the air and brought it down. Urganox kicked Kraydar in the chest and sent him tumbling across the ground. As Urganox advanced upon Kraydar with flail in hand, the horde of Brazurkins and Bear Men came climbing out of the rubble, cloaking Kraydar in the chaos. The battle began.
Urganox lashed out with his flail, exploding the head of a Bear Man. He brought his shield up to block a flurry of strikes from two of his fallen people. Their war hammers and battle axes sparked as they glanced off his shield. Urganox lowered his shoulder and plowed forward, clearing a path for himself and Lot.
Lot followed in Urganox's wake, hacking and slashing at his attackers as he went. His dragon bone swords had no problem cutting through the soft flesh of their outstretched, groping, arms.
Red and Oggy fought side by side. 
Oggy cried, "Watch out!" 
Oggy spun round and round in large circles, holding tight to the hilt of his war hammer, unleashing devastating blows against the flood of attackers. He spun faster and faster and faster. With each revolution, his hammer gained momentum. Oggy decimated his foes with ease, until he fell to the ground, and his weapon flew from his hands. The flying hammer ripped through Brazurkins and Bear Men like a cannonball. Oggy tried to climb to his feet, but he was too dizzy. He stumbled and fell to the ground. Red appeared at his side and protected him while he recovered.
Although Oggy had disposed of a great number of the abominations, the reanimated warriors kept swarming them. They seemed to be in the area with the greatest concentration of enemies. Red stood over his dizzy friend, fighting off an onslaught of attackers. His cutlasses were a blur of silver as he hacked and slashed through any of the creatures that came too close. His razor sharp cutlasses danced in a rhythmical pattern. It seemed as if they had taken control over his body. Appendages littered the ground. Each time his cutlasses lashed out, they added another limb to the pile. Red moved at unbelievable speeds, striking to his front, then to his sides, turning on a dime and defending his rear. He had no room for error, for his attackers came at him from every direction. Red had a split second after landing a strike to turn and lash out once more. He tired at the never ending onslaught. His strikes slowed considerably. His arms burned; he could barely swing his cutlasses.
Oggy made it back to his feet and cried, "Give me your steel!"
Red tossed Oggy one of his cutlasses. Oggy's large hand swallowed the hilt of the sword. Oggy let out a hearty laugh and went to work.
Red called out to Oggy, "Ye look like ye holdin a toof-pick in yur-"
One of the Brazurkins grabbed Red by the hair of his head and hoisted him high into the air. Red drew his pistol and aimed it over his shoulder. He put the barrel of the pistol to the Brazurkin's head and squeezed the trigger. The Brazurkin released his grip on Red and crumpled to the ground. Red fell to his knees, and one of the Bear Men was upon him before he could stand. He put his pistol under the Bear Man's chin and squeezed the trigger. He too collapsed onto the ground. Red fired off four more shots, allowing him the time to get to his feet. He cleaved a path to Oggy, where the two fought back to back.
"Catch!" Oggy cried, tossing Red's cutlass back, as he ripped a hammer from one of the Brazurkin's hand.
Locmire fought removed from the rest of the group, but this was not of his own choosing. They found themselves separated during the chaos. He cast a great number of fireballs, but just enough to keep him free from danger. The Brazurkins and Bear Men had him backed against the face of a mountain, closing in on him. He shortened his staff and lashed out with it. From the end of his staff, a long lightning-like whip tore through the reanimated corpses. He brought the whip back and forth, around and around, each time severing his foes in half. Within a few moments, Locmire had provided himself room to move. He drew the lightning back into his staff and returned it to its normal length. He extended his staff and slammed it down. A mighty force erupted from its end and rolled over the abominations like a great wave in the ocean, hammering them into the ground.
Locmire stood for a moment, surveying the battle, searching for his companions, but the wall of undead corpses shielded his view.
Urganox and Lot made their way through the horde by force. Urganox's flail destroyed everything it contacted. Lot put his dragon bone short swords to work with deadly accuracy. He tucked in behind Urganox, killing anything that made its way past the Brazurkin King.
"Look!" Urganox cried.
To his pleasure, Lot saw Red and Oggy a few feet away from them. Urganox smashed his way to their side.
"Arr!" Red said. "It be good ta see you two."
"There seems to be no end to them," Oggy said as he exploded the head of a Bear Man.
"Have you seen Locmire?" Lot asked.
"Nah," Red replied.
Red and the Saviors fought together as one. They defended themselves well, but the Brazurkins and Bear Men were relentless with their attacks and showed no signs of fear.
As mighty as their combined forces proved to be, The Saviors and Red were unable to escape from this insurmountable situation. The deceased warriors were too much for even these great heroes to contend.
"Let go!" Oggy screamed as a legless Bear Man wrapped his cold hands around his ankles.
As hard as he tried, Oggy couldn't shake himself free from the being. Red tried to help his friend, but found himself in danger as well. Another of the Bear Men grabbed him by the wrist and tried to pull him into their swarm. He freed himself by cutting off its arm.
"We must retreat!" Urganox commanded.
"To where?" Lot asked between slashes.
"We must cut off one of their approaches. We need to get our backs to the mountain," Urganox said.
"Do you think it wise to back ourselves into a corner?" Oggy asked.
"It is our only option," Urganox said. "Follow me, now!"
Urganox raised his shield and charged toward the mountain. The others followed him.
As soon as they got their back to the mountains, the fallen warriors closed in on them once more. Urganox held his shield in front of them. The Brazurkins and Bear Men pressed them against the mountain, with no means of escape. Urganox blocked as many of their weapon strikes as possible, but that was not the problem, many of them were unarmed. The undead had strength in numbers. The others protected their side. They became an impenetrable circle.
"What be's da plan?" Red asked as he found himself pressed into the wall.
"Die?" Oggy replied, putting his hands against Urganox's back to allow him room to breathe.
Every direction Lot looked, he saw green and brown discolored skin. They had become trapped in a sea of the dead. 
This is it, Lot thought. Surely it will not end like this.
Before the Saviors and Red knew what was happening, Locmire appeared and cast a clear orb around them and raised his staff above his head. It became smoldering hot inside the protective orb. The Wizard's body convulsed, and a bright red light grew from within his chest. A loud humming sound resonated from within him. He brought his staff forward and a monumental wave of fire consumed the undead horde. The smell of charred flesh clashed with that of rot. When the smoke cleared not a single Brazurkin or Bear Man stood. 
"What happened?" Oggy asked as he tried to wiggle himself free from between Urganox and Lot.
"It's over," Lot said as he surveyed the scene. "They plague us no more."
Urganox fell to his knees, panting. "If not for Locmire, I am sure we would not be having this conversation," Urganox said, putting his hands atop his head and leaning backward. "Thank you, Wizard."
He received no reply.
"Somebody need ta get over here and help!" Red called out, kneeling on the ground next to a motionless Locmire.
"What happened?" Lot asked as he came to offer aide.
"Me don't be knowin dat. Juss found him lyin here on da ground," Red answered.
"Is he alive?" Oggy asked
"He be's breathin, barely," Red said.
"Will he not wake?" Urganox asked.
Red shook Locmire several times and called out his name. He did not respond.
"Take his hood off so he can draw wind," Lot said.
Red pulled back Locmire's hood. The Wizard went pale, color racing away from him. He shook like an earthquake, and his body became stiff as a board.
"He does not look good," Urganox said. "We need to get him out of here."
"Agreed," Lot said. "But where shall we go?"
"Just south from here stands an old stone structure. It should not be occupied. It would serve as a good place to rest for a while," Urganox said.
"Can you carry him?" Lot asked.
Urganox replied, "Yes. Just give me a moment to catch my breath."
Once Urganox had rested, they prepared to depart. 
"Found it!" Oggy cried, pulling his war hammer from a pile of ashes.
"Are we ready?" Urganox asked.
"I believe so," Oggy replied.
Urganox bent to pick up the Wizard, but Red called out to him.
"Wait," Red said.
"What is it?" Urganox asked.
"Me got's ta see sumpin," Red replied.
The Pirate knelt down beside of Locmire once more. His hands made their way to Locmire's goggles.
"What do you think you are doing?" Lot asked.
"Me got's ta see what be's under deez goggles," Red answered. Me hopes it ain't sumpin dat me don't want ta be seein. 
"You can't do that," Oggy interjected.
"Why?" Red asked. "Ain't da lot of ya interested ta see what be's under thar? How do ya reckon he sees through dat thar hood and goggles? Me gots ta know."
No one answered.
Red, taking his time, peeled back Locmire's goggles. The group's mouths gaped open and their eyes grew large.
"Well, blow me down," Red said in a whisper.
Chapter 16
The Village of Rand
"Hold him down!" Caleb exclaimed. "I'm almost done. One more to go."
Thaddeus and Rasmere pinned Azonis back down to the ground. For his size, Azonis was strong, but the weight of his companions was too great. Azonis thrashed his head from side to side, screaming in pain.
"River, hold his head," Caleb ordered.
River nodded and sat down at Azonis's head. She placed her knees on either side of the Sestian's head and secured it in place. She placed both of her hands on his forehead and pressed down with all of her might.
"Don't!" Azonis cried. Why are they doing this to me? "Don't! The pain is unbearable! I cannot stand it!"
"I am almost done. I-" 
"I will kill you! I promise I will kill you! Leave me be!"
Caleb looked to Thaddeus and Rasmere. They nodded their heads.
"I am sorry," Caleb said as he produced the curved needle and thread once again.
Caleb put a small branch in Azonis's mouth and poked the needle through his cheek. Azonis moaned like a grieving hound and tried to throw Thaddeus and Rasmere off of him. Caleb pulled the thread tight, pulled the needle through the other side of his cheek, and knotted the ends together. He cut the excess thread with his knife and stood.
"It's done," he said, rubbing dirt through his hands to remove Azonis's blood. It is not pretty, but it is done.
"We are going to let you up, Azonis. Please do not do anything you may regret," Thaddeus told him.
River, still not strong enough to stand, scooted out of the way. Azonis rolled onto his side and spit the branch from his teeth.
The Sestian jumped to his feet. By the light of the fire he looked like a monster, bent forward and taking deep breaths, chest heaving up and down at a rapid pace. His once beautiful face was now held together by thick, brown, thread that ran the length of his cheek. He found it difficult to stand. When Rasmere went to his side to offer him support, he swatted his hand away and pulled his sword.
"I am going to kill you!" he cried as he charged at Caleb.
But after three short shuffled steps he fell face first to the forest floor.
"Is he all right?" River asked from a seated position.
As well as one could be after having a spear rip through your face. "Yes," Caleb said as he rolled Azonis onto his back. "He has lost some blood. His body is tired and needs rest. Thaddeus, help me with him."
Thaddeus and Caleb carried Azonis to the camp site. Rasmere had gathered long, thick strips of moss from the forest and made a makeshift bed for the Sestian. 
This is not what he is accustomed to, but it will suffice, Rasmere thought.
They positioned him, making him as comfortable as possible. Rasmere placed a hand full of herbs, mashed to a paste, in his mouth.
"What is that?" Caleb asked.
"Kroot grass. It will ease the pain and help him find rest," Rasmere replied.
"Why did you not give it to him when Caleb was fixing his face?" Thaddeus asked.
"It was not ready yet," Rasmere answered.
"I could've waited until it was ready, you know," Caleb said.
"One never knows how long it will take before kroot grass will be ready," Rasmere told him.
"It is done with now. Let's go gather wood for a fire. It will be a cold night," Thaddeus said.
Within a few hours, night had blanketed the land, and the stars went into hiding, but it failed in comparison to the night they spent in the Dead Lands. Sitting by the fire and eating roasted jopie, the group found very few words. It had been a long, tiresome day. Azonis still had not woken, but from time to time he would moan and shuffle his feet, letting the others know he was well.
Ever since they emerged from the cave, River had not been acting like herself. She was quiet and withdrawn, sitting far away from the fire and not eating. The only interaction she had with the others came when Caleb stitched Azonis's face back together, and then, only because they called upon her. 
"What do you think is wrong with her?" Caleb asked, watching River as she sat with her chin on her knees.
"She has been thrown in the middle of a situation far beyond her comprehension. Far beyond any of our comprehensions for that matter. The events of the last few days have taken their toll on her, that's all," Thaddeus said as he sat, patting the Hormut on its head.
"She will fine by tomorrow," Rasmere said.
Caleb forced himself to focus on something else. "That is quite the animal you have there, Thaddeus. Have you thought of a name?" Caleb asked.
Thaddeus rubbed the coarse fur behind the Hormut's ear and said, "I think I shall call him Ryker, as homage to my ancestor." The Hormut put its paws on Thaddeus's chest and licked his face with its long, wide tongue. "Down, boy," Thaddeus said as he pushed the Hormut off of him.
"He seems to like that name, Thaddeus," Rasmere said.
"He should," Thaddeus replied. "It is the name of a hero. One of the first Saviors."
"Ah yes, the fabled Ryker Graystone. A brave man to say the least," Rasmere said.
"Who's Ryker?" Caleb asked.
"He was my grandfather seven lines ago. He was the Human Savior who destroyed Hasbarie over five hundred years ago," Thaddeus said, puffing up his chest. "The armor I wear once belonged to him."
"And what of your people, Rasmere?" Caleb asked.
"What of them?" Rasmere asked, staring off into the dark sky.
"If you are a Savior, then was one of your ancestors a Savior as well?" Caleb asked again.
"He was. His name was Ronmar Elmidas, and I hold a relic of his as well." Rasmere held up his bow. This is all that remains of my people's legacy. "This bow was his. It took many years after the Great War to recover it. This bow, and myself, are all that is left of the Elmidas lineage. Unlike Ryker, Ronmar Elmidas was erased from the memories of Lasticall."
"What do you mean?" Caleb inquired.
Rasmere gritted his teeth. It was apparent that he did not like to talk of his family, or their history, but he continued.
 "After the Great War, a new Sestian was named. Mazola Ferrini had promised change once the war ended. He promised that the Forest Engeniums would be treated as equals amongst the High Engeniums. That promise died alongside Ronmar on the field of battle. The High Engeniums sent my people back to slave in the gold mines and forbade anyone to speak of Ronmar Elmidas or the promise made during the Great War. Over the years, the name Elmidas became taboo. My family was treated very badly by the Ferrinis, and the rest of Lasticall. Slowly, my bloodline began to die off when no one would take one of us as a partner, knowing the grief that would follow." Rasmere paused for a long moment. "Even now as Sword to the Sestian, my family name is not spoken of. I have simply become, the Sword."
"I 'm sorry," Caleb said, failing to find the appropriate words.
"Not everyone forgot the Elmidas name," Thaddeus said.
"What do you mean?" Rasmere asked.
"My family has not forgotten, nor will it ever forget the bravery and courage showed by Ronmar Elmidas. His name was spoken of in great regard amongst the Graystones. Even though Lasticall fails to remember his greatness, my family does not," Thaddeus said as he stood. "I am honored to have the privilege to fight side by side with an Elmidas."
Rasmere stood and extended his hand to Thaddeus.
"As I am honored to fight beside a Graystone. You forever have my respect and friendship," Rasmere said as a tear raced down his bronze colored cheek.
Well said, Caleb thought. Only a true king could have spoken such words.
Thaddeus turned to Caleb. Time to get some information from you. "Since you have so many questions, Caleb, I have a question for you."
"Ask away," Caleb replied, smiling.
"I have wondered this since I first became aware of your abilities," Thaddeus paused. "When you were locked in the dungeon of Ravendale, why did you not use your ability to escape?"
"Oh," Caleb smiled. He rubbed his hands together, warming them by the fire. "I could've escaped, you know. I chose not to. I guess partially because I had no idea where I was, and you did at least feed me. The other reason. . . I did sneak out of my cell several times looking for an escape, but the dungeon was tight. I found no way to sneak out, even as a mouse. Once, I thought about trying to take the keys from the guard, but I knew that could potentially end up with someone getting hurt." The guard, not me. "So, ultimately I decided I would bide my time until it came to a point that I feared for my life. Lot made life in the dungeon much easier. He helped me get through those times. If not for him. . . I may have done something that I would have regretted."
"You are a good man, Caleb Hawks. Most men, good or bad, would have jumped at the chance to escape, regardless of the circumstances," Thaddeus said. "I owe you an apology, Caleb. I imprisoned you while not knowing you or your circumstance, and for that, I am sorry. That is not the king I strive to be. I did not even question you, or give you a trial. I hope you can forgive me."
Caleb smiled. He apologized. That is more than most would do. "I never harbored ill will toward anyone. I know how it must've seemed."
The night grew late and everyone trudged off to bed. Caleb had first watch. He walked over to River and sat down beside her. She did not acknowledge his presence. 
"Crazy day, huh?" he asked.
She did not answer.
Caleb asked, "River, are you okay?"
The Mage did not even blink.
Caleb took her hand in his. Her skin was hot to the touch. She is burning up. "River?" he asked again. "River, answer me."
It was as if she had been in a trance. She turned her eyes to his and asked," What?"
"I asked if you were all right," Caleb said.
"Oh. Oh, I am fine. Just tired," she said as she stood. "I think I will turn in now."
River walked away from Caleb and plopped down beside the fire and fell into sleep quickly.
As Caleb sat looking at the dark night sky, he couldn't help but to worry. It had been a few days since they had last seen Locmire and the others. Things seemed to be getting worse for his group. Azonis was injured, and River's behavior seemed peculiar. On top of that, he felt the hatred hidden deep within Rasmere's soul. He could snap at any moment. A war between Rasmere and Azonis would be all they needed at this particular moment. At least Thaddeus and himself were still holding together well.
Caleb turned to see Ryker sitting beside of him. "You snuck up on me," he said. Ryker sat staring at him with his tongue hanging out. Caleb lifted his arm and patted his head. The Hormut laid his head on Caleb's lap. What a magnificent creature, Caleb thought.
Caleb had been in this strange land for a few weeks now. He missed his own home something terrible. What he wouldn't give to be back in North Carolina. If he ever made it back home alive, he promised himself that he would make things right between him and his family.
As strange as it was to be in this world, he had always known something like this would happen to him. He had never expected to be in this predicament, but he had expected something worthy to happen in his life. He was glad that worthy moment was not his small part in the Civil War. Caleb always knew that he was gifted this ability for a reason, and right now that reason was to help save an entire world, even if it was not his own.
After Thaddeus came and relieved Caleb of his watch duty, Caleb lay down next to the fire; hoping sleep would find him soon. 
From a distance, Thaddeus heard Caleb muttering an unknown chant. He held his breath to eavesdrop on the Shifter.
"Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for thine is the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen."
Thaddeus watched as Caleb rolled over and fell asleep. Who is his father? Thaddeus wondered as he propped himself up against a tree with Ryker by his side. He must be a good man for Caleb to speak such words to him.
The next morning, Azonis woke with the rising of the sun. He sat on the ground feeling the threads in his face. He looked around and found his shield, laid it on his lap, and looked into the inside of it. The picture he saw turned his stomach. He was hideous. How could he rule a kingdom looking the way he did? His blood boiled. Azonis got up and gathered his belongings. Looking around, he saw that everyone was still asleep, minus Thaddeus and his hound. Someone, or something, would pay for what had happened to his face.
"Get up!" Azonis bellowed. He walked over and kicked Caleb's boot. "Get up, I said!"
Rasmere and Caleb sprang to their feet. River opened her eyes only to decide she was uninterested in whatever it was Azonis had to say. She closed her eyes and turned her back to him. 
"What is it?" Thaddeus asked as he approached Azonis.
"It is dawn, far past time to depart. What is everyone doing lying around? It is time to go," Azonis said. Without another word, he marched off into the forest.
"Azonis," Rasmere called out. "Wait for a moment."
He paid him no mind.
"What do we do?" Caleb asked.
"We go," Thaddeus answered. "You two catch up with him. I will get River."
River was lying on her side with her face buried in her arms. Thaddeus knelt beside her and gave her a gentle shake.
"River," he said. "River, it is time to wake up."
She did not answer.
Thaddeus took her by the shoulder and rolled her over onto her back.
"River!"
Her skin was pale, lips cyanotic, dry, and cracked. Sweat drenched her body, and her eyes were motionless. River looked like she was on death's door step.
"River, can you hear me?" he asked, slow and hushed.
She gasped for air. Her breathing became heavier and increased its pace. Her entire body shook. Thaddeus did his best to calm her. This went on for a few minutes until the convulsions stopped and her eyes closed once more.
She is dying. I have to get her help.
As Thaddeus placed his arms under River to pick her up, he writhed in pain. He took off his bracer and looked at his arm. The area around the bite he sustained from the Cold Heart was black. He pressed on it and a green discharge oozed out. 
This does not look good. It seems that I am in need of a healer as well. 
He put his bracer back on and picked up River, threw her over his shoulder, and set off to catch up with the others.
An hour before sunset, they saw signs of life in the form of smoke coming from a village. Thaddeus's heart filled with joy. River was not doing well, neither was he, for that matter. It had been a long, grueling day. Azonis plowed forward like one possessed. He rarely stopped, and when he did it was for a short time. Thaddeus carried River for a spell, but he became too weak, so Caleb took over the task. River was awake, but she showed no interest in moving or living. She desperately needed a healer.
 Thaddeus did not tell his companions of his injury, for the fear of turning a gloomy situation even gloomier. They barely spoke to one another the entire journey. The last few days had drained them, physically and emotionally, and they needed rest. 
The village of Rand was a small settlement on the outskirts of Dead Marsh. Rand sat high upon the top of a cliff with a narrow, winding road leading to its gates. Only five Human families occupied Rand. A wooden wall made from medium sized trees with their tops sharpened to a point surrounded the village.
When Thaddeus got closer to the village, he realized where he was. He had visited Rand a few years prior. A high ranking member of the Shadows took refuge in the village. After the bloodbath that occurred in Rand, the leader of the village forbid King Graystone to ever enter its walls again. Thaddeus hoped that he could persuade them otherwise.
"Who goes there?" a man atop the guard tower called out, drawing his longbow to full length.
Thaddeus looked to Azonis. "Can you speak with them?" Thaddeus asked.
Azonis stared at him with cold eyes. Why would he ask me to do such a thing considering the condition I am in? He would not ask me without good reason. 
"I am the Sestian of Lasticall, Azonis Ferrini. I have with me, my Sword, Rasmere Elmidas, a friend of mine, Caleb Hawks, an injured woman, River Tolcutt, and King Thaddeus Graystone."
"Who was the last person you named?" the guard asked.
"King Thaddeus Graystone," Azonis replied.
The guard muttered something to someone below him. Their conversation did not last long.
"You may not enter," the guard called out as he disappeared behind the safety of the wall.
"It is because of me," Thaddeus said.
"Why do they show ill will toward you?" Rasmere asked.
"A few years back when I marched against the Shadows, one of their clan heads was hiding here. I made quite a mess of things once I found him," Thaddeus replied.
"Well, what are we to do now?" Azonis asked.
Thaddeus stepped forward and called out, "Guard!"
The guard's head popped back up over the wall. "I told you that you are not welcome," he cried.
"Listen to me, for a moment," Thaddeus replied.
The guard nodded his head.
"My friends and I are on an important quest to save Calencia. Have you heard of the attacks on Galdarath, Lasticall, and Morgorath?" Thaddeus asked.
The guard nodded his head.
"I do not expect you to offer me your hospitality. One of our party members is very ill. All I ask is that you give shelter to my party. I will stay the night on the outside of the wall. They have never offered you the hardships that I have." Thaddeus paused. "Please, do not let my transgressions bring undue treatment to my companions."
The guard disappeared once more. A moment later the gate swung open and several men, all armed, stepped out.
"I thought I told you to never come back to Rand!" the leader of the village called out, marching toward Thaddeus.
"You did," Thaddeus said. "I only wish shelter for my friends. I will not set foot in the village."
"Your friends can enter," the man said. "But you. . . By the gods! Are you well?" the man asked.
"I. . . I . . ." Thaddeus's eyes rolled back into his head, and he collapsed onto the ground.
"Thaddeus!" Caleb called out as he ran to his side.
The leader of the village and his men also ran to the King's side.
"Is he alive?" the man asked.
"He is hot with the fever. We have to get him inside," Caleb demanded.
The man looked at Thaddeus for a moment, and said, "Tie up the hound and bring the King inside. He will die out here."
Inside the village, they laid Thaddeus and River in a three room, unoccupied home. The village's healers went to work on them. They informed Azonis and the others that Thaddeus had received some sort of bite, and his wound ran thick with poison. Rasmere told them of their encounter with the Cold Hearts. The healers hurried off to mix a brew to heal Thaddeus. They had no insight to offer on River's condition.
"Her eyes are open, but no one is home," the healer said as he hurried away.
The villagers treated them well. They gave them a hot meal and aged wine, both of which were delicious. The women of the village drew water from their well and fixed them all a hot bath. After their bath, they showed them to their sleeping quarters and brought them fresh linens, along with bread and spiced butter for a late night snack.
The quiet little village did not stay quiet for long. Thunder shattered the silence and lightning tore through the sky. Heavy rains plummeted down, muddying the ground. Nature's fury fell upon Rand with a vengeance.
Late in the night, Thaddeus awoke. He made his way to a seated position on the side of his bed. A lantern lit the room. Someone had changed him into his breeches and tunic. He took to his feet and walked around the small home, using the furniture for aid. Through the sound of the exploding thunder, he heard someone call his name.
"Thaddeus."
This time a little louder.
"Thaddeus."
Thaddeus opened the door to the home and looked into the darkness. He could barely see anything through the downpour and blackness of night.
"Thaddeus."
He walked outside in the rain and called out, "Hello! Is anyone out there?"
"Thaddeus."
"Hello?" he called.
"Thaddeus, help me."
"Where are you?" he asked.
"Thaddeus, I need you. Please, come help me."
He walked through the village calling out to the mysterious person. No matter how many times the strange voice answered him, and no matter how far he walked, the voice seemed to get further and further away.
I am dreaming, he thought. I need to wake up.
Thaddeus slapped himself hard across the face. The sting told him he was awake. He came to a large, square hole in the ground that was at least twenty feet deep, undoubtedly the beginnings of a cellar.
"Thaddeus."
This time the voice was close. Thaddeus turned. At first he did not see anyone, but a figure appeared from the darkness dressed all in white. He pushed his drenched hair back behind his ears. Out of instinct, his hands went for his weapons, but they were not there.
"Thaddeus, my love. I have missed you," the figure said.
He squinted his eyes to prevent the rain from blurring his vision. Thaddeus stood frozen in horror, mouth gaping wide. His heart thumped against the wall of his chest trying to escape.
 "Emilia?" He swallowed the lump in his throat. "Is that you?"
Chapter 17
	Preparazionz	
"Where doez we'z ztand wiz ze preparazionz?" Jeszekia asked.
"All iz well. We'z haz zecured ze marzh, zet ze trapz, and haz zcoutz roaming ze waterz," Kayliz said.
"Good. We'z muzt ztand ready," Jeszekia informed her. "Any word from ze other kingdomz?"
"Not yet," she replied.
"Did you procure ze ingredientz zat I azked for?" 
"Yez, my Queen. Zey were very difficult to obtain, but I found zem all," her servant stated as she handed her a bag full of goods. "May I'z azk why do you'z needz zem for?"
"No you'z may not," Jeszekia told her. "Exzellent work. You'z didz well."
Kayliz looked both surprised and pleased with her Queen's response.
"Zo, we haz no word regarding ze Human King and ze Zeztian?" Jeszekia asked.
"No, my Queen," she answered.
"Zend word to zeir kingdomz. Alert zem zat zey have not arrived," Jeszekia ordered. "Zey zhould have been here by now."
"Yez, my Queen."
"Zat is all."
Kayliz bowed and took her leave.
Jeszekia paced back and forth in her hut, her rock hard feet clacking against the wooden floor. Her stomach twisted in knots when she thought about the safety of her kingdom. Many things were amiss. The Human King and Sestian had not arrived yet, even though they had ample time to do so. Morgorath had fallen, and she had no word about the well-being of King Urganox. None of this felt right to her. The Raptilians made all the preparations they could to protect their kingdom from a potential threat. Now, they must sit and wait.
She paced back and forth twirling her trident around and around. A loud knock on the door broke her concentration. She fumbled with the trident to keep it from falling to the floor. 
"Enter," she called out as she regained control of her weapon.
It was one of her scouts.
"Zorry to disturbz you'z, my Queen," the scout said.
"It iz all right. What do you'z needz?" she asked.
"Zere iz a Human in ze marzh, an old man. He zayz he iz looking for herbz to treatz hiz family who iz ztricken wiz illnezz," the scout answered. "He zeemz harmlezz."
"He muzt go," Jeszekia replied. "It iz not zafe here. Tell him he muzt go now. Forze him out of ze marzh if needz be."
"Yez, my Queen," the scout said, bowing his head as he left her hut.
Jeszekia picked up the bag of herbs. She peeled open the bag and emptied them onto her alchemist table. She separated the ingredients and looked them over, making sure she was not missing anything.
 Jeszekia produced her frog shaped mortar and pestle and ground the ingredients together one by one. Several times she brought the mortar up to her nose and took a big sniff. She would add a drop or two of thick liquid from an unmarked bottle and grind some more. Jeszekia labored over the concoction for hours, mixing and mashing ingredients.
"Perfect," she said.
Jeszekia put a cloth over her face and tied it around the back of her neck. Then, ever so gently, she emptied the ingredients into a ceramic jug.
I hope ze time doez not come when I'z muzt use ziz, she thought.
Jeszekia held the ceramic jug by its neck and placed another hand underneath it, taking short, careful steps. Jeszekia lowered the jug into an old wooden trunk that sat at the foot of her bed. She inserted a rusty iron key into its lock and turned it. Then she gave the lid a good tug to make sure it fastened.
 Zis muzt be keptz zafe at all timez. No one canz getz zeir handz on it.
Jeszekia walked out onto the porch of her hut. She took in a deep breath of the cool air and exhaled it slowly. Nozhing like a frezh breath of air to relievez ze ztrezz.
 She watched the Raptilian young tromp through the marsh with their nets, trying their best to catch thunder and lightning bugs. Jeszekia's thin lips grew into a smile as the small yearlings laughed and chased one another, unaware of the trouble that brewed. 
Iz muzt protectz zem at all coztz, she told herself.
Jeszekia went back into her hut and added another layer of straw to her cot and laid down, but sleep did not find her. She could not stop thinking about Urganox. Her tail tapped the floor of her hut over and over again. 
I mizz him zumthing terrible. I hope he iz well. How ztupid could youz be, Jeszekia? Why didn't I tellz him my feelingz before he lazt left? Now Iz may never haz ze chanze.
She rolled over onto her side and pulled a woven blanket over her, tucking it under her chin. The Queen's tears soaked into the straw of her bed as she searched for sleep and prayed to Suporah for Urganox's safety.
Chapter 18
The Bridge
"Buzzards," Nezzer said, pointing to the sky ahead.
"I see them," Alexander replied. "It seems they have found their next meal."
"It looks like they are circling directly above the road," Nezzer pointed out. "I wonder what it is? A deer perhaps?"
"Perhaps," Alexander replied. But I do not think so. "We shall see momentarily."
Alexander Gorman and Nezzer Trock hadn't traveled very far along the road toward Dead Marsh when they came to a covered bridge crossing a river. An old wooden wagon sat abandoned in front of the bridge. Six men lay motionless on the ground, buzzards feasting on their remains.
"What do you think happened to them?" Nezzer asked, curling his nose at the stench.
"I am not sure, but I have a feeling that our mysterious friends are involved," Alexander replied. 
They dismounted their horses to take a closer look. Alexander covered his nose with the palm of his hand, but little good it did him. The afternoon sun was just warm enough to begin the decomposition process. He could taste the smell of the swollen, bloated, flesh.
Whoever killed these men must have caught them unawares. "They did not even put up a fight," Nezzer stated. "Their swords are still sheathed."
Alexander knelt beside one of the men. He examined the body and gave the others a quick glance. "If I had my guess, these men were blocking the bridge, more than likely trying to collect a toll for people to pass," Alexander said as he stood and wiped the dirt from his hands. They tried to collect a toll from the wrong person on this day.
"Raptilian," Nezzer said.
"Excuse me?" Alexander asked.
"This is the track of a Raptilian," Nezzer said, pointing at the dirt in front of his foot.
"That it is," Alexander said. Who are you, and what business do you have with the king? Alexander looked around at the surrounding forest, scanning it carefully. "I am almost certain this is the work of the ones who seek Thaddeus. We must get going. I fear time is short."
As they turned to get back on their horses, a voice called out to them from the darkness of the covered bridge.
"Well, well, well. Where do you two murderers think you are going?" asked a middle aged man with gray hair, a stubbly beard, and a thick scar that ran the length of his face.
"Let's kill em right now, Lester," said the man built more like a bear than a man.
Lester replied, "First we find out why they killed our friends." Then we kill them, slowly.
Alexander and Nezzer turned to find fifteen or more men crossing the bridge with their steel in hand.
"I fear you are mistaken. We are not murderers. I am Alexander Gorman, General of Nallenwood and Commander of Galdarath. This is Nezzer Trock, he is a royal guard to the Sestian of Lasticall. We were on our way-"
"Enough!" roared Lester. "Do you think that rambling off titles will clear you of your crimes? If so, you are sadly mistaken."
A young man with a bow in his hands and arrow notched on its string said, "The King of Galdarath killed my father. What makes one of his generals any better?"
"The King of Galdarath killed my brother," another man said.
"The Sestian of Lasticall is a tyrant. He slaves his own people!" cried another.
Alexander looked at Nezzer. Nezzer's face was expressionless and unshaken. This will not end well, Alexander thought.
Nezzer whispered, "I am with you."
"Who are you men?" Alexander asked.
"Not that it is any of your concern," Lester replied. "We are the Dead Suns. Soon to be the most notorious band of organized outlaws that this land has ever known."
"You do not seem so organized," said Nezzer.
"You shut your mouth!" the boy with the bow called out.
Nezzer grinned.
"Listen," Alexander said, taking a step forward.
"That is far enough," Lester said, holding his claymore out in front of him.
Alexander held his hands up and said, "I just want to talk."
"Then talk," Lester snarled.
Alexander lowered his hands and said, "We did not murder your friends. We came across them only moments ago. These men have been dead for at least a day. There is no way we could have murdered them."
"Perhaps," Lester replied. "But clearing your hands of one crime does not clear you of others. Do you know who my father was?"
Alexander did not like the tone of Lester's voice. Although his voice was soft, a sinister tone lurked below the surface.
"Perhaps," Alexander replied. "What was his name?"
Lester's eyes narrowed and his mouth tightened. He let the tip of his claymore touch the ground.
"His name was Jape Fawtik," Lester answered.
Alexander's eyes grew wide and his hand, with what seemed like a will of its own, found the hilt of his sword. I hope Nezzer is prepared for combat.
 "His name sounds familiar," Alexander replied.
"It should. Your wonderful king murdered him in cold blood," Lester growled.
"Who is Jape Fawtik?" Nezzer asked, oblivious to the happenings of the world outside of Lasticall.
"Jape Fawtik was the leader of the Black Suns, and Thaddeus Graystone cut him down . . . like a dog!" Lester answered.
"That turn of events has nothing to do with the present circumstances," Alexander replied.
"Oh but it does," Lester replied. "Did you not ride with King Graystone on his march against my father?"
"I did," Alexander said. "That still does not change today's circumstances. We had no hand in the deaths of your friends. What happened between Galdarath and the Black Suns happened in open fielded combat with two willing factions."
"Justice must be served." Lester's eyes narrowed and went wild. He growled, "Seize them!"
Lester's men advanced toward them, but stopped to hear what the, up to this point, mostly silent High Engenium had to say.
"I warn you, I do not plan on being taken captive," Nezzer said.
"Good!" Lester replied. "I do not plan on taking the two of you captive. . . I plan on taking the beating hearts from your chests and frying them with onions and lard."
"Listen," Alexander Gorman said. "I do not wish to end this meeting with violence. We have more important matters at hand. This is your last chance to stand down."
The look on Lester's face could have turned any person into stone. "I thought I told you to seize them!" Lester screamed.
His men charged forward and surrounded Nezzer and Alexander. Even though the outlaws had to have heard of Alexander Gorman and Nezzer Trock's accolades, they showed no signs of intimidation. The circular prison of men feigned attacks, trying to illicit a reaction from Gorman and Trock. The Commander of Galdarath and the Royal Guard of Lasticall kept their footing solid. They showed not even the slightest signs of fear or concern. After a few moments of cat and mouse like antics, two of the men rushed forward intent on incapacitating Alexander and Nezzer. Alexander drove his black shield into the chest of one man, sending him flying through the air. Nezzer's golden shield struck the face of the other man, crumpling him to the ground as blood flew from his mouth. Alexander and Nezzer regrouped in a back to back formation.
Immediately, the other men charged at them. Nezzer and Alexander worked well together. Either man did not leave the others back unprotected. They made quick work of the Dead Suns, blocking their strikes and countering with a slash or lunge of their own. Alexander and Nezzer's strikes were much more calculated and much more deadly. Within a matter of moments, a heap of bodies lay at their feet. The only person that landed a blow against them was the young boy with the bow. His arrow struck Alexander's chest plate, shattering the wooden shaft into an explosion of splinters. Alexander dashed forward and smashed the hilt of his sword into the side of the young lads head, rendering him unconscious.
Lester Fawtik looked at his fallen comrades and reconsidered rushing the two warriors. He sheathed his claymore to his back and tore off toward the bridge.
"He is getting away!" Nezzer cried.
They sped after him. To Lester's dismay, he saw they were closing the gap between them as he looked over his shoulder. Fearing capture, or worse, Lester took the only out available to him. He undid the straps of his chest plate, letting it fall to the ground, and plunged himself into the roaring river.
Both of them watched as Lester flailed and splashed about as the river swept him downstream.
"I do not think he will survive. The rest of his armor is weighing him down," Nezzer stated.
"I hope the river swallows him. A man such as him will cause a great deal of trouble down the road. Men like him are very unpredictable, very dangerous," Alexander replied.
"We need not worry about him now. Shall we take leave?" Nezzer asked.
Alexander looked around at the body strewn ground. So many dead. And for what? He walked over to the unconscious boy. He laid a sword by his side and placed a few gold pieces in the boy's hand.
"Hopefully this lad will see his folly. With this gold he can begin to start a new life for himself," Alexander said.
"I fear that once you head down a path such as this, there is no return," Nezzer replied.
"I am a living testament to the incorrectness of that mindset," Alexander said.
"Count yourself lucky," Nezzer said. "I wish we had the ability to look in on this boy's life five years from now. I fear we would only see pain and wickedness."
Alexander looked at the youth, and his heart became heavy. Do not throw away your life, boy. "Let us leave," Alexander said, mounting his horse. "We have to make up for lost time."
Nezzer climbed upon his horse, and they headed west once more.
Chapter 19
Service
With every breath that Mother took, the Onock inhaled and exhaled with her. From the outside, one could not tell that the Onock was an organic life form, but once inside, it became evident it lived.
Hasbarie lay supine in the pool of blood that surrounded Mother, his face protruding from the red liquid. His eyes looked to be welded shut, and his facial muscles were lax. He looked like a sleeping child, safe and secure in his mother's bosom.
The shallow pool of blood churned, and she spoke.
"Has-bar-ie," she called out, pausing between each syllable to allow the gurgling sound in her voice to disappear.
The Lord of the Dead's black eyes came to life, and he sat upright. Blood rushed through the hole in his chest. He made it to his feet, turned to her, and bowed his head. "Yes, Mother?" he asked.
"It is almost time to begin our assault on Dead Marsh," said Mother.
The corners of Hasbarie's lips shot upward, and his eyes widened. "I have been waiting for this moment. I cannot wait until the Dead Marsh is cleansed of those vile lizards." Hasbarie's smile faded like the evening light. "I wish I could take part in the march against them."
A tentacle slithered its way down from the ceiling and wrapped around Hasbarie's shoulder. 
"I know you do, Hasbarie. It will not be much longer until we possess an intact crystal. Once we do, you will be free to come and go from me as you please. Until then, bide your time and watch as our forces destroy Calencia," Mother said, patting his head.
"I long for the moment in which I come face to face with the Wizard and The Saviors. We will be much more powerful than ever before. They do not stand a chance against us," Hasbarie said, nuzzling his cheek against Mother's tentacle. 
"I hope you do not become over confidant," Mother said as she retracted her appendage. "There is much to accomplish if we are to defeat The Saviors. First and foremost, we must conquer Dead Marsh."
"Mother, we have already destroyed Morgorath. Dead Marsh will be just as easy," Hasbarie said.
"I used much of my strength to destroy the Brazurkin's homeland. I do not have the power to dispose of Dead Marsh as easily. We must rely on our physical forces. Are our servants ready?" Mother asked.
"Yes. I need to speak with the Priests one final time. I already have a Summoner on the outskirts of Dead Marsh. Once we are ready to attack, it should only take a few hours to rally all the troops. The Summoner will raise the dead from within the marsh, and a Priest will bring in reinforcements from the coast. He has been in hiding in a cave near the sea. When we are ready to begin, I will give him the necessary power to conjure an entire army. The Dead Marsh will fall within hours," Hasbarie replied with a diabolical grin.
"Make the necessary preparations. The time is near," Mother demanded.
Did you not just hear me? I have made the preparations. "Yes, Mother," Hasbarie replied as he bowed a final time.
The Dark Wizard departed Mother's chambers and made his way back to his grotesque throne.
Blood seeped out from the throne as he sat down and made himself comfortable. He produced his arm-like staff and slammed it down into a Brazurkin's head, which served as a pedestal. Hasbarie stuck his arm down into the mangle of body parts which he sat upon, searching for something. His eyes lit up as he pulled out his hand, but his delight was short lived as he realized that he had not found the object for which he was searching. Throwing the Human heart aside, Hasbarie carried on with his search. After another short moment, he removed his arm once more. This time his smile did not fade. Hasbarie leaned forward and placed the clear crystal in the open hand at the end of his staff. As soon as the crystal touched the hand, it closed its grip around it. Tearing through the fabric of space and time itself, a portal appeared before him. 
"Calial, come to me. Now!" The Dark Wizard ordered.
A bright light grew inside of the portal, and a cloaked figure emerged holding a torch. It was Calial, a Dark Priest.
Darkness surrounded Calial. The faint sound of crashing of waves against rocks could be heard in the distance.
"I am here, my Lord," Calial replied.
Hasbarie took a deep breath. An aroma of warmth and salt filled his nostrils. He gagged.
"I always hated the smell of the sea. Did you know that, Calial?" The Lord of the Dead asked.
"No, my Lord. I did-"
"Never mind what you know or do not know. Are you safe?" Hasbarie asked.
"Yes, my Lord. The cave is well hidden. I think no one has ever stumbled upon it. I would have never known of this place if my ship had not crashed on its door step many years ago," the Priest replied.
"And the crystal?" Hasbarie asked. That is all I care about.
"Safe, my Lord," he replied.
"Good. You have been a faithful servant, Calial. The time is drawing nearer for you to prove your loyalty once more, Priest. Are you ready to serve your master?" questioned Hasbarie.
Calial plunged to his knees and said, "Yes, Lord Hasbarie. I am your most faithful servant. I am at your beck and call."
"You will lead the attack on Dead Marsh when the time is right. I have a Summoner in the marshes as we speak. He will summon the Breathless. There will be a great number of them at your disposal. Do not use them sparingly." Hasbarie stood and walked over to the portal. "You will conjure the other creatures to aid us in our assault."
"How will I conjure them?" Calial asked.
"Here," Hasbarie said, sticking his hand through the portal.
Calial took a small stone from Hasbarie's hand and studied it.
"What is it?" Calial asked.
"This stone will allow me to bring forth my army and send them to your location. You will position yourself near the outskirts of the marsh. Once the Breathless begin their assault, you will follow them into battle with my other servants," Hasbarie said as he sat back down.
"Of what other creatures do you speak?" asked Calial.
"The Hethern, and the Vraymen. There will also be one Gargantuan to aid you in battle. A Draith Lord will accompany you as well," Hasbarie replied.
Calial's face twisted with uncertainty. Hasbarie took notice of his panic stricken face.
"Do not worry, my obedient servant. They will be completely under your control," The Dark Wizard said with a grin. Until I order them otherwise.
"Even the Gargantuan and the Draith Lord?" he asked.
"Yes, even the Gargantuan and the Draith Lord," Hasbarie replied.
"What is the plan, Lord Hasbarie?" Calial inquired.
"Our plan is simple. Destroy Dead Marsh and the Raptilian Queen. If the Wizard and Human King show their faces, destroy them as well. If any of the Saviors fall, bring me back their blood," answered Hasbarie.
"And if I fail?" Calial asked in a quavering voice.
"If you fail. . . I will bring you back to life, so I can have the pleasure of destroying you myself," replied Hasbarie.
"I will not fail you, Lord Hasbarie. I promise you. You will be proud of me. The crystal will be safe here. You need not worry," Calial rambled.
"No!" Hasbarie yelled. "You must take the crystal with you. We cannot afford to leave it unattended."
"Y-y-yes, my Lord," the Priest stuttered.
"You have your instruction. Ready yourself," Hasbarie said, leaning forward and removing the crystal from the palm of his staff. The portal closed and darkness filled the throne room once more. 
Hasbarie extended his legs and slumped down into his soft, fleshy, throne. He shut his eyes and created the events of the attack on Dead Marsh in his mind. He saw the death of Jeszekia Venumroot at the hands of the Hethern. She lay face down in the bloody marsh with hundreds of tiny tridents sticking out of her body like a Raptilian pincushion. A tiny smile grew on Hasbarie's face. He saw a Draith Lord pull the very life from the Wizard, Locmire. His smile grew a little more. Lastly, he envisioned Thaddeus Graystone suspended in the air by invisible chains. As he stood in front of the Human King, Thaddeus begged and pleaded for his life. He denounced his lineage and cursed his namesake. Hasbarie witnessed himself pulling Thaddeus further and further apart until each of the King's appendages had severed their ties with his body. Hasbarie's smile was so large that his face throbbed from the sudden strain on these little used muscles. He sat back up and descended his throne. He left the throne room and entered another large, dark room.
The flickering red light of a candle burned through the darkness. A circle the size of a dining table was burnt into the fleshy floor of the room. The Dark Wizard stood on the outside of the circle and produced a dagger from his side. He held his free hand over the circle and plunged the dagger through it. He ripped the dagger down through his hand, cutting it into two halves. Black blood pumped from his hand and fell into the circle. The Lord of the Dead took a step back and waved his uninjured had over the injured one. He held his hand in front of his face, noting how well he had healed it.
The room shook, and a violent wind bounced off its walls. The candles extinguished, and it became pitch black. Something cried out in pain, or delight, it was hard to differentiate the two. The cries subsided, and all fell quiet.
Hasbarie spoke softly, "I am your master now. My name is Hasbarie, and I have delivered you to this world to help me conquer it. You will be obedient to me alone. Do you understand?"
Two round, blazing, white eyes appeared in the darkness in front of him. A deep, raspy voice pushed out the words, "Yes, my Lord."
Chapter 20
Whur you get dem eyes?
The last fragments of light faded away when Lot, Red, Oggy, Urganox, and Locmire arrived at the long abandoned stone building. Once, it had been home to Arman the Blacksmith, the finest smith in all of Calencia. Dedicating his life to his trade, Arman had no wife or children to leave his forge once he passed, so the building remained mostly unoccupied for the past fifty years. From time to time travelers and outlaws would seek the safety of its stone walls as they passed through the area. From time to time Urganox sent a few of his warriors to clear the building of the foul creatures that sometimes tried to lay a permanent stake to Arman's old forgery.
Arman's forgery was cozy compared to the nights spent on the stone floors beneath Mt. Pizenchaffe. A toasty fire took the chill from the air, and its radiant glow danced along the walls giving life to the heroes' shadows. 
Locmire rested on an old table while the others sat around the fireplace deep in discussion. He hadn't opened his eyes the slightest bit since they left from Morgorath.
"Me knew dat da Old One couldn't have normal man's eyes. He be's able to see right through dat thar hood of his," Red said, pulling his hair into a pony tail. "What do ye reckons dem tings are?"
"Some magical device that allows him to see, I suppose," Lot replied.
"Magical devices, eh? I wonder what happened to his real eyes?" Oggy asked. "Is he blind?"
"I have seen a Wizard before, a young one. He had eyes like a man, but I heard tales of Wizards who wear black lenses to cover their eyes. Supposedly, they are the greatest Wizards of them all," Urganox replied.
Lot sprawled out in front of the fire, crossing his legs. "I just wish I knew more about his kind. There is so much secrecy concerning the Wizards and Fogarth," he paused while he made himself more comfortable, shifting from side to side on the wooden floor. What I would not give for a feather bed at this moment. "I mean, why did he collapse after casting that spell?"
"Me not so sure what happen ta him, but he sure did save ar hides," Red replied as he ran the sharp edge of his dagger across his neck, removing the stubbly black hair. Ouch!
"Because I expended all of my magic," Locmire replied.
The group spun to find Locmire sitting on the edge of the table. The Wizard had seen better days, but at least he was conscious.
"Thank the gods!" Lot exclaimed as he stood. "We were beginning to wonder about you."
"Do ya need any ting?" Red asked. Look at dem eyes. I gotta stop starin.
"Just some rest is all," Locmire replied.
"Glad to have you back," Urganox said.
"That was quite the spell you used back there. You saved our lives," Oggy said, humbly. "Thank you, Wizard."
Locmire smiled, "Thank you all for taking such good care of me." 
Locmire tried to stand, but he had to sit back down when his knees wobbled. He put his hand to his forehead and rubbed it back and forth. I drained myself to the point of death. "It seems I am much weaker than I thought. Do we have anything to drink? Grog, perhaps?" Locmire asked.
Red handed Locmire his flask. "Me knew dat ye be likin me grog. Dis be's me last drink, and it’s all yours," Red said with his hands on his hips and a large grin.
"Thank you, Red," Locmire said as he drank the last of the grog. "At first, I found it a bit strong, but I must say," Locmire smacked his lips together. "I have grown fond of it. When this is all behind us, you must teach me the way to brew it."
"Dat not be's a problem," Red replied. Iffin me can find da ingredients.
"How long have I been out?" Locmire asked.
"Not long," Lot answered. "A few hours."
Locmire pulled the portation stone from his robes. He held it in the palm of his hand for several seconds. "Thaddeus still has the other stone in his possession. I am hoping by the time morning comes he will have made it to his destination. I fear that time is running short. We must reach the Raptilian Queen soon," Locmire said, tucking the stone away in his robe once more.
"Do you think they are well?" Oggy asked.
"Yes," Locmire answered. I hope so.
"I had another vision earlier," Lot said.
"Of your brother?" Locmire asked.
"Yes," Lot answered.
"What was it?" Locmire inquired.
"I am not sure. It was during the battle at Morgorath. It was just a quick glimpse of Thaddeus. He was in great pain."
"Thaddeus in pain?" Urganox asked. "How is that so? The man has never had so much as a scratch in his life."
"I am not sure. I actually felt the pain. It ran up my arm like spreading wildfire. Needle pricks radiated through my entire body," Lot said, rubbing his arm.
"I am sure he is fine," Locmire replied. "No one is ever invincible or untouchable. Thaddeus is very skilled in the art of war. That is why he has never experienced the sting of steel during battle. I am sure if something, or someone, managed to penetrate his defense, it was only a minor injury," Locmire reassured him.
"I hope," Lot replied. "We need him more than I could have ever expected."
"So," Oggy started. "What is the plan from here?"
"We regroup with the others as soon as possible and make our way to Dead Marsh to seek the aid of Jeszekia Venumroot. After that. . . I am not entirely sure," answered the Wizard.
"What do you mean, not sure?" Urganox asked.
"I know of the prophecy and what must be accomplished to defeat Hasbarie once again. I am uncertain on the course of action," Locmire answered.
"Why not?" Oggy asked. "Have you not planned this out?"
"A prophecy is not a treasure map. Only the details are shown, not step by step instructions," Locmire said.
"Do we defeat him?" Lot asked.
Locmire's face aged instantly. "I am uncertain. This threat is grave. I was revealed two endings to the prophecy. One was our defeat of Hasbarie. The other was of our defeat. No clear path to either end was shown," answered the Wizard.
"Then how do we know we are on the correct path?" Oggy asked.
Locmire hesitated for a moment, "Because I feel this is right."
"You feel this is right?" Urganox asked.
"That is correct," Locmire answered.
The Brazurkin grew silent at Locmire's lack of definite answers.
"Urganox, do you have another course of action?" Lot asked.
"Well, no. I-" Urganox tried to answer.
"Then do not question him so. It is good that we have a Wizard on our side guiding us along, rather than trying to save the world on our own accord," Lot blurted out.
Urganox did not reply. He sat back down near the fire. Fine. See if I try to get to the bottom of this mess again. Figure it out yourself.
It became quiet, but for only a moment. Red was good at breaking uncomfortable silences.
"Aight! Me gots ta ask ye. What happen to yer eyes?" 
Everyone was shocked that Red had the nerve to ask Locmire about his eyes. It looked like each of them had just been told that the entire quest was a farce. Never before had Locmire seen jaws drop so far, so fast. 
"What?" Red asked, defensively as he looked around at his companions. "We all be wantin to know."
"No harm done, Red," Locmire said as he pulled back his hood. "You snuck a peek under my goggles while I was unconscious?"
"Well, ye always seein like a hawk and got dat thar hood over yer eyes, and dem thar black goggles on. Me wanted to know how in da world ye see through all dat!" Red proclaimed.
"That is a good point," Locmire replied as he peeled the goggles off his head. "If you wanted to look at my eyes, all you had to do was ask."
Even though the group had gazed upon the Wizard's eyes once before, they could not help but to be awestruck. Where one would normally find a white eye with a round colorful circle, the Wizard's eyes were solid. In his scarred eye sockets sat two bright blue, shimmering, perfect cut, crystals.
"Amazing," Oggy said. "I have seen many gems, but never anything like those."
"Gems?" Red asked. "How much do ye reckon dey be worth?"
"Close your mouth," Urganox said.
Locmire smiled.
"That is because they are only found in Fogarth," Locmire replied. "I am somewhat fortunate."
"How so?" Lot asked.
"My natural eyes were this color of blue," Locmire replied with a smile.
"What happen to yur udder eyes?" Red asked.
"It is hard to explain, but I will do my best," Locmire said as he pulled the goggles back over his eyes. "Crystals to Wizards are like air to everyone else. They maintain our life. Not only do they maintain our life, they give us life."
"Ye be's born from da crystals?" Red asked. "Ye hatched like a lil chick in a egg?"
Smiling, Locmire said, "Something like that."
"Are dey valuable?" Red asked.
"To Wizards, yes," Locmire answered. "To others, not so much."
"Carry on," Lot interjected.
"Wizards use crystals for many things. Crystals can create magical items, heal our wounds, create new life, and in some instances, replace parts of us that no longer work, as is such the case with my eyes." Locmire stood up and stretched his extremities. "My position as a Looker, one who watches the Sands of Seeing and interprets its prophecies, was the reason I lost my eyes."
"How?" Oggy asked.
"I became infatuated with the prophecies. I watched them for days at a time, night and day, weeks upon weeks. Eventually, my eyes could no longer handle the strain and they lost their function. Fearing that I might miss an important prophecy, I removed them from their sockets and replaced them with a set of crystals that had been created to allow me to see once more. With these new eyes, I would never have to stop watching the Sands. There is a downfall, though. Light causes me excruciating pain, and like so many Lookers before me, I must don these black goggles to prevent the pain of their reaction to light," Locmire answered.
"And dey make ye see better?" Red asked.
"Yes, Red. I can see through many types of objects, and in open terrain I can see for a long distances," Locmire replied.
"So ye gots some telerscopes for eyes," Red stated.
"Something like that, yes," answered the Wizard.
"Well," Lot said. "That clears up that mystery."
"I have a question that I must ask," Locmire said. "Did any of you find a Summoner at Morgorath?"
Lot shook his head.
Locmire fell deep into thought. For over a minute no one uttered a word. They sat and watched as Locmire's mind was hard at work.
"Are you sure?" the Wizard asked.
"Yes," Lot answered.
"If a Summoner was there, he would have been close. The fire wave I produced would have extinguished the life of any being in the area," Locmire told them. "This troubles me."
"How so?" Oggy asked.
"If there was no Summoner, then Hasbarie reanimated the bodies by some other means. Perhaps Morgorath is close enough to the Onock that he does not need a Summoner. If so, he is much more powerful than before, even without a crystal in his chest," Locmire replied.
"A crystal in his chest, eh?" Oggy asked. "Was Hasbarie a Wizard of Fogarth?"
"Yes, Oggy. Hasbarie is an exile from Fogarth. He was banished from the desert for practicing the forbidden arts. When he was exiled, the Master Wizards removed the crystal from his chest and took him out of the desert. Without the crystal, he had no safe passage back into Fogarth," Locmire said, recalling all he knew about Hasbarie's exile. "By all means his life should have extinguished without a crystal to sustain him. It is believed that he soon encountered the evil known as the Onock. To the best of our knowledge, the Onock somehow found, or created, a new crystal to sustain his life force."
"Where did the Onock come from?" King Urganox asked.
"No one is sure, but we suspect that he somehow bonded with an entity while he practiced the forbidden arts of summoning and conjuring. The Onock stayed hidden and followed him throughout his exile," Locmire answered.
"What is its purpose?" Oggy asked.
"My best guess is that the Onock had to have a medium to come into our world. My best guess is the Onock is using him to give it that foothold. Hasbarie is providing the Onock its power through the souls of his victims, and the Onock gives him great power in return. I believe that once the Onock is powerful enough, it will no longer need Hasbarie, and he will become just another soulless puppet at its command," Locmire replied.
"Do you have a crystal in your chest?" Oggy asked.
Locmire smiled and said," Yes."
"Let me have a look at it!" Red exclaimed.
"Red!" Lot said, scolding the Pirate with his eyes.
"What?" Red asked. "Me wants ta take a look at it."
Locmire scooted to the edge of the table and pulled his robe over his head. He untucked his shirt from his breeches and slowly raised it, revealing his torso.
"Would ya look at dat!" Red exclaimed once more. "I bet dat be's worth a fortune."
"Red, would you stop it already!" Lot said.
"I have never seen anything like it," Oggy said, standing in awe.
A swirling blue crystal, the size of a melon sat in his chest where his heart should have been. Locmire turned around. The crystal was visible from his anterior and posterior. "This is what sustains our life. This is what Hasbarie so desperately seeks in an attempt to regain his full power," Locmire said, as he pulled his shirt back down and tucked it into his pants.
"Do you know him? Or did you know him? You know what I mean," Lot asked.
Locmire drew a deep breath and exhaled. He began to speak but closed his mouth. He considered the question once more.
"Yes. I knew Hasbarie long ago, but I do not feel like speaking of those times at this moment. Forgive me for not being able to satisfy your hunger," Locmire replied. "It is getting late, and I do believe that tomorrow will be an eventful day for us. I suggest we all try to get rest."
Locmire lay down on the table, turned his back to his companions, and sleep came upon him as easily as breathing.
The silence was unbearable. So many questions remained unanswered, and it seemed that Locmire, at one time, had some type of relationship with Hasbarie. One of which he was not ready to speak, not just yet. The Saviors and Red, did not speak to one another. They each made their way to their own respected area of the forgery and prepared themselves for sleep.
Why must he leave so many questions unanswered? Are we not in this together? I wish he would open up with us and fully explain this entire ordeal, Lot thought as he made himself comfortable in front of the fire once more. It would be so much easier if we knew everything.
Urganox stretched out on top of an old rug. I do not like the fact that he keeps so much from us. I am wondering if he even knows what we are supposed to be doing. I fear I may end up having to take control of this situation. Urganox rolled over on his side and fell fast asleep.
I have never met one as secretive as Locmire. I am sure he has his reasons for keeping parts of the prophecy from us, but it makes me uneasy. What if one of us does not make it and he knows of it? Maybe that is why he keeps parts of it from us. Maybe none of us make it? What if the quest involves the sacrifice of all of us? I hope we meet up with the others soon. Maybe then, he will enlighten us. King Stonefist rolled onto his side and tried to find comfort on the cold, wooden, floor.
Red lay on the floor deep in thought as well, but his thoughts were of a different nature. Me wonders what dem Raptiles look like? Ain't never saw no lizard person bafore. Maybe dey not be lookin so bad. I bed dey got good drink. Da Old One said dat dey be's good at mixin stuff up for healin and such. Me sure dey can make a mighty fine brew. Not so sure how much longer me can go on without any grog or a decent substirtute. 
Red rolled over and looked at Locmire. Da Old One sure does find sleep in a hurry. Aint never saw no one who blinked out faster dan me. Sleep should come easy for him, seein dat he got da last bit of me grog. Da scallywag sure be's tricky. He knew dat ole Red would give him da last bit of me drink iffn he asked for it. Well, dat be da last time he weasels me drink away and not even give me da answers we be's lookin fur. But dem thar crystals in his eyes be sumpin else. Me reckons dey would fetch a good bit of gold if ye brought em to da right person. Me likes ole Locmire but iffn he finds himself on da wrong end of someone's steel and his life is no more, well den, ole Red will . . . .
Chapter 21
Jamison Rayheart
I am on a wild goose chase, Jamison Rayheart thought as he stumbled his way up the loose debris at the base of Mt. Pizenchaffe. No one has laid eyes upon a Dainty for five hundred years and Sebastian expects me to just waltz up the mountain and do what no other has managed to do for centuries. He must think that I will just walk right up to a big hole in the ground, climb down, and find. . . the Dainties. 
At his feet, he saw an open shaft. He eased over to the edge and looked inside. Total darkness. 
"Hello? Anyone there?"
The echo of his voice was the only reply.
Jamison lay on his stomach. He picked up a small stone and dropped it into the shaft. Not too deep, he thought as the sound of the rock smacking the bottom echoed back to him.
Jamison Rayheart, a messenger and member of Galdarath's Royal Army, took a deep breath and jumped into the lightless shaft. It was at least a twenty foot drop, but Jamison was a small man, and small men land much easier than large ones. He pulled a torch from his back and struck his flint together several times before it lit. He looked around and found only one way to proceed.
After what seemed like hours, he came into a large open area. He stood in awe staring at the magnificent Kingdom of Pizenchaffe, but his sightseeing came to an end when twelve, short, but large Dainties, surrounded him.
"They are real," Jamison said in a low tone.
"What is your business here, surface walker?" Zulp asked.
"How did you find your way down here?" Olaf asked.
Jamison took a step forward and found himself face to face with the edge of an axe.
"That is far enough," Olaf said.
"Drop your weapons!" Zulp demanded.
"Take it easy. Don't do anything hasty," Jamison said as he laid his maces on the ground. "I do not wish to cause trouble. I am here to bring an important message from the King of Galdarath."
"How did you find your way down here? Answer me!" Olaf repeated.
"I walked up the foot of the mountain, and I found an opening in the ground. I just assumed this was the entrance to the kingdom," Jamison answered.
"You are a tiny one for a Human. Are you not?" Zulp asked.
Jamison's face grew rigid. "I am on the small side for a Human, yes," Jamison responded.
"Easy there, big fella," Olaf said. "Calm down."
"Look at that cheap black armor," Zulp said. "What kind of weaponry do you plan on defending off with that? Sticks?"
"I implore you to find out," Jamison said, as he snatched up his maces from the ground. He spun left and right, anticipating an attack, but none came.
"Calm down already," Olaf said once more.
"I am here to speak with the king, not his cup bearers. If either of you make one more derogatory comment, I fear this meeting will not be pleasant," Jamison barked.
"What do you plan on doing against all of us, surface walker?" Zulp asked.
"I may not defeat the lot of you, but I can guarantee that I will spill the small brains from you and your friends' oversized heads," Jamison said, motioning to Zulp and Olaf.
Olaf and Zulp whispered back and forth. After a minute of deliberating, they both nodded their heads in agreement.
"Your weapons stay here. Follow us, and we will take you to King Stout. And no funny business or you will wish you would have stayed on the surface," Zulp informed him.
"Understood," Jamison said.
Zulp and Olaf led Jamison Rayheart through the city of Pizenchaffe. The tiny Dainties of the kingdom hurried along carrying out the duties of their day to day lives, forging weapons and armor mostly. 
Jamison had never seen such merriment in his entire life as the small race of underground dwellers sped to and fro. Pizenchaffe was a lively kingdom, full of excitement. He could hear the hearty songs coming from the local pub, The Broken Lamien.
"Fifty four bottles of beer on the wall, fifty four bottles of beer. Take one down and pass it around, fifty three bottles of beer on the wall. Fifty three bottles of beer on the wall. . ."
Such a catchy song. I have never heard that tune before. It must be one of their own.
Passing by the local blacksmith, Jamison could not help but to notice the stacks upon stacks of bronze colored weapons and armor piled up all around the forge. They must be preparing for war. Good.
They arrived at the palace and walked up a long set of steps until they came upon two massive pizenore doors.
"Mind your manners once you are inside," Olaf commanded.
"Certainly," Jamison replied, warmly.
They pushed the doors aside and led him into the throne room. The acting King of Pizenchaffe, Golgar Stout, sat upon the throne. He wore an immaculate suit of pizenore armor and just as an impressive crown sat upon his round head.
"King Stout," Zulp said as he and his brother bowed to one knee. "We present you with Jamison Rayheart, a messenger from Galdarath."
"Thank you Zulp and Olaf. You are dismissed," Golgar told them.
"But, Your Majesty," Olaf interjected.
"I told you not to be calling me 'Your Majesty'. Take leave, the both of you. That is an order," Golgar commanded.
Zulp and Olaf nodded their heads and left the throne room.
King Stout stroked the braids of his large auburn beard. "What brings you here, Jamison Rayheart?"
"I bring a letter from the King of Galdarath, Sebastian Buxton," Jamison answered.
"Is he your true king?" Golgar asked.
"He is the acting king. King Thaddeus Graystone is on an important quest. King Buxton has temporarily taken his seat on the throne," Jamison answered.
"Acting king, eh? So am I," Golgar replied. "How did you find your way down here?"
"Luck, I suppose," Jamison said.
"They didn't even cover up the entrance when they left! No matter, I will have it hidden once more after your departure," King Stout told him. "Well, let me see this letter you bring."
Jamison approached the throne and handed Golgar a folded and sealed piece of parchment. King Stout broke the wax seal, unrolled the letter, and read.
To whom it may concern:
My name is Sebastian Buxton, acting King of Galdarath. Before accepting my second stint as King, I was Galdarath's Commander and protector of King Thaddeus Graystone. In the King's absence, I have been directed to safe guard the kingdom.
As I hope you are aware, Calencia is on the verge of falling into darkness once more. The Dark Wizard, Hasbarie, has returned to the land of the living. These are dire times indeed. 
I am aware that a Wizard from Fogarth has set out for Pizenchaffe. I hope he has found you well. I suspect that the Wizard came to recruit your king to his cause, and I assume this letter will be delivered to whoever has the duty of leading your people. We have both been blessed, or cursed, with the responsibility of protecting our respected kingdoms in these perilous times. It is my belief that we must not sit idly by as the Lord of the Dead mobilizes and strengthens his forces. We must act. I do not know what instruction or authority your king gave to you before he departed, but Thaddeus conveyed to me that the most important thing was the protection of our kingdom. I assume your king gave you similar instruction. It is my belief that to achieve this goal, we must act. While King Graystone and Azonis Ferrini, the Sestian of Lasticall, are gone fulfilling their responsibilities to Calencia, I feel we must fulfill our own responsibilities. With that being said, I propose that we prepare our forces to march on Hasbarie in the uninhabited area west of Morgorath. I have also sent correspondences to Dead Marsh and Lasticall. It saddens me to think of the travesty that fell upon the Brazurkins, but I fear the same fate for the rest of the kingdoms if swift action is not taken. 
I propose that we send the majority of our forces, leaving behind only the minimal amount of troops to defend our kingdoms, to destroy Hasbarie and his forces. It was revealed to me that only the descendants of the Saviors would be able to defeat Hasbarie. This may be true, but I am not willing to sit back and watch his forces ravage our lands. I do not want to see the Dead Lands grow any larger than they already are. I plan on marching Galdarath's army toward Hasbarie's self appointed territory in two days time from the time I sent this letter. My messenger, Jamison can inform you of the current deadline. If all goes well, we should encounter the Dark Wizard on the day after we depart from Pizenchaffe. I implore you to consider strengthening Calencia's Army by sending your army to take place in the battle, just as it was so many years ago.
I have heard a great and many things concerning your people. I truly hope we have the opportunity to fight next to one another in the battle for Calencia. Please inform me of your decision in a timely manner. If you choose to pursue this course of action, Galdarath's army will wait for you on the outskirts of your kingdom, along the main road.
Sincerely, Sebastian Buxton 

Golgar read, and re-read the letter, tugging at his beard as he mouthed the words. The longer he read, the redder his cheeks became. 
He looked up at Jamison. "How long ago was this letter sent?" Golgar asked.
"Yesterday," Jamison replied.
"Humm. I have one day, possibly two, to prepare my people for war. It will take longer than that for our eyes to become accustomed to the burning ball of fire in the sky," Golgar said, as he stood and paced back and forth in front of the throne. "I heard what happened to Morgorath. I actually had the pleasure of speaking with their king, Urganox."
"The Brazurkin King?" Jamison questioned. "Everyone suspects him dead."
"He is not dead. He is alive and well. A few days ago the Wizard and his companions showed up in Pizenchaffe. Our rightful king had lost his throne to a most wretched Dainty. The Wizard and King Graystone's brother, along with Captain Red and King Skullsplitter, helped overthrow the king and place King Oggius Stonefist back on the throne," Golgar told him, still pacing back and forth. "Poor Oggy. He only had his throne back for one night and had to turn it over to me."
"How long ago did this happen?" Jamison asked.
Golgar laughed. "Just last night. Our king and the Wizard departed only hours ago."
"Who is this man you speak of? The king's brother? King Thaddeus Graystone has no brother," Jamison asked.
Stunned, Golgar turned and said, "He does, too, have a brother. I met him. His name is Lot Caskill," King Stout said.
The Thief? "Are you certain?" Jamison asked.
"Yes I am certain. I traveled with them for days," Golgar answered.
"Forgive me for sounding unbelieving. I was not aware that King Graystone had a brother," Jamison said as he bowed to one knee.
"No need to worry," Golgar said, finally standing still. "Send word to King Buxton telling him that he has the support of the Dainties. I will have an army ready to march by the morrow, though I must warn him. It will not be a large army. After the Great War, we lost many of our people. We have stayed hidden all of these years hoping to avoid another conflict so we could repopulate our race. The most I can spare will be one hundred troops. No more, no less."
"Yes, King Stout. I will inform King Buxton right away," Jamison responded.
"Is there any other business to discuss?" Golgar asked.
"No, King Stout. That is all," Jamison replied.
"Very well. I will have my men escort you to the surface and see you on your way," King Stout said.
"Thank you for your hospitality. I will send word at once," Jamison replied as he bowed once more.
Zulp and Olaf led Jamison back through the narrow tunnel that would bring him to the surface. 
"And just how do you plan on getting out of here?" Zulp asked.
"Don't you worry about that," Jamison said with a smile. "Make sure you bring a ladder with you when you plan on leaving."
"A ladder?" Olaf asked. "For what?"
Jamison smiled and leapt into the air. He stretched out his arms and legs and shimmied up the shaft. After a moment, he disappeared out of sight. Olaf and Zulp covered their eyes to shield out the few rays of blinding sunlight.
"I think he is half spider," Zulp said.
"He is half something," Olaf replied.
On the surface, Jamison dug through his bag and pulled out a tiny cage. He scribbled on a piece of parchment and attached it to the leg of a snoot.
"King Buxton, Galdarath!" Jamison said, releasing the bird into the air and watching as it flew north east.
When the bird disappeared out of sight, Jamison rode hard for Galdarath.
Chapter 22
Captives
"Emilia?" Thaddeus asked. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. It's her. His heart pounded against the wall of his chest. "Is it really you?"
The rain poured down, and a river of water rolled through the dirt streets of Rand. Lightning crept through the sky, and thunder shook the ground on which Thaddeus stood.
The figure crept toward him through the thick blanket of rain. Thaddeus was uncertain if it was Emilia who stood before him. The rains had plastered the long hair to her face, concealing her true identity. He placed his hand above his brow, shielding his eyes from the rain, squinting to get a better look.
"I have missed you, my love. You are my harp, and I am lost without your song," the woman said to him.
My harp, Thaddeus thought. Only Emilia would know the significance of the harp. It must be her.
Thaddeus ran to her like he had so many times before when returning from a short trip and longing to feel her embrace. He ran so hard that he slipped in the muddy streets, twice. The first time he got back up and tried to run to her again. The second time, however, he did not have the chance. She was upon him. He looked up to her and wrapped his large arms around her waist, burying his face into her stomach.
"I do not know how it has happened, but thank the gods it has!" Thaddeus said, weeping. "Emilia, I have missed you so."
"It was horrible, Thaddeus. The last thing I remember was our wedding and those creatures showing up. I am so glad I am finally back in your arms where I belong," Emilia told him.
Thaddeus loosened his hold of her. He pulled his face away from her rain soaked, white wedding dress.
"It cannot be you," he whispered. The gods know that I wish it were. "I watched you die. The Wizard cremated you."
"Do not wonder why, Thaddeus. Just thank the gods we are together once more. They are gods! They can do whatever they want, and they have seen it fit for us to be together once more," Emilia replied. She placed her hand under his jaw and lifted his chin. "Thaddeus, I love you."
She is right. Who am I to question the gods' will? He stood up and stared into her eyes. Bright blue. Emilia had brown eyes, not bright blue. "Who are-" he tried to ask, but a kiss silenced him.
The beating of his heart sounded like a war drum before a battle. All of his pain, his sadness, his hurt, disappeared in an instant. He pulled away and pushed the hair from her face. He stared at her in the darkness, thankful to have her in his arms once again.
A flash of lightning ripped through the sky, illuminating the entire town, and Thaddeus saw her for who she really was.
"River!" he screamed. "What are you doing?"
River Tolcutt stood motionless in front of him. 
"River, what are you doing? What is the meaning of this?" Thaddeus asked.
She answered with a high pitched laugh. The bones of her face twisted and contorted in a grotesque fashion. Her eyes turned white, and her ivory teeth grew black. Thaddeus tried to pull away, but the tiny woman held him by the wrists. He fought with all of his might to break free of her grip, but she held tighter, digging her nails into his flesh.
"River, let go of me!" he cried.
River cackled at the top of her lungs. She twisted his wrists and forced him onto his knees. She spoke to him, in a voice not of her own, deep and sinister. "Thaddeus, why do you fight me so? I am here to help you."
"Away from me demon!" he cried, still not able to break free from her grip.
"Thaddeus, Thaddeus, Thaddeus. I am here to make things better, if you will let me," the voice said calmly. "I can make your sadness go away. You are a broken man. That is why I have come. I come to those who need me most."
"What have you done with River?" he demanded of the demon.
"She is well. I have had a relationship with River since her parents died. She needed me," the demon told him.
"Her parents are alive and well," Thaddeus said.
"See," the demon replied. "I take the pain away. River's parents have been dead for a long time. I helped her."
"How? By deceiving her with a false reality?" Thaddeus asked as he tried to break free from its clutches. "By taking control of her?"
"I only come to her when she needs me. Does she not seem to live a normal life?" the demon asked.
"I promise you that when the Wizard shows up, he will deal with you. If not, I will take it upon myself to deliver you from this world," Thaddeus said.
"And kill River in the process? I do not think so, Thaddeus. You are fond of her," it replied. "Maybe a bit too fond, wouldn't you say?"
"Release me at once!" he demanded.
"That is what I am trying to do," the demon said. "Look into my eyes, Thaddeus. Look into my eyes and accept the release you deserve."
As hard as King Graystone tried, he could not help but to make eye contact with the demon. Its white eyes were just too obvious. As he looked into them, a sense of peace came over him. He stopped fighting. The demon gripped him around the jaw and forced his mouth open. It opened its own mouth and a neon yellow liquid spilt into Thaddeus. His skin baked like hot coals. He tingled from head to toe. The demon released its grip on him, and he collapsed to the ground. Steam rose from his body as the cold water rushed over him like a fallen log in a river. After a moment, he climbed back to his feet and took a long hard look at River.
"Emilia," Thaddeus said. "It warms my heart to see you once more."
"I am so happy, Thaddeus. We are together once more," Emilia replied.
"I promise you, my dear, that I will never let us become separated again," Thaddeus vowed.
"Oh, I hope not. I could not bear it," Emilia said, as she kissed all over his face. "There is one small problem."
"What problem?" Thaddeus asked. "Tell me, and I will deal with it."
It stared deep into his soul, strengthening the trance he was under.
"The Wizard," Emilia said, in a hush. "He will never allow us to be together."
"He will not be able to stop us from being together. You do not worry over him. I will take care of him shortly," Thaddeus told her.
"But what of the others?" she asked.
"What of them?" Thaddeus replied.
"If you harm the Wizard, we will never have peace. You must deal with them as well," Emilia said.
"What do you propose I do, my love?" he asked.
"It is hard for me to say this, but you must . . . kill them," she said.
"Anything, so as long as we are together," Thaddeus said. "I will go and see to it right now."
"Wait," Emilia called out, as he began to walk away. "We must not kill them at this moment. Shaloul needs their blood. Our love will be stronger than ever if you can somehow incapacitate them and then bleed them all at once."
"Very well. I can do anything in the name of love," Thaddeus said.
Within two hours, Thaddeus captured the entire village of Rand, his companions included. He snuck into the villagers homes, sound masked by the raging storm, and struck them in the heads with a cudgel while they slept. He then strung them up by their ankles in the branches of a large oak in the middle of the village, placing barrels underneath them.
Thaddeus treated his companions in a different manner. He woke them one by one and led them to the deep hole in the ground, starting with Rasmere. 
Thaddeus told Rasmere that he had something very important to show him. He lead the Forest Engenium to the hole and asked him to tell him what he saw. When Rasmere looked in, Thaddeus shoved him in the back. Rasmere tried to climb out of the hole, but it was too deep, and the rains had turned the sides into an inescapable prison.
 Next, he lured Azonis out to the pit. He took longer to convince the Sestian to brave the horrible storm, due to his injury and irritably, but once he told Azonis that Rasmere had fallen in and needed his help, Azonis blindly set outside to offer his aid. The Sestian heard his Sword calling out from the pit, although he could not make out what he was saying for the loud thunder claps. Azonis looked inside the hole to find Rasmere screaming at the top of his lungs.
"What?" Azonis asked. "I cannot hear you. You must speak louder!"
"Look out!"
The Sestian whirled to find Thaddeus's boot smashing into his chest. The Sestian flew through the air and met the muddy bottom of the pit.
"What are you doing?" Azonis cried out as Rasmere pulled him to his feet.
"Shut your mouth. You would kill me and Emilia in a heartbeat!" Thaddeus bellowed out.
"Thaddeus, Emilia is dead. What are you talking about?" Rasmere asked.
Thaddeus shook his head and walked away.
Caleb Hawks had to be dealt with differently. He could not simply shove Caleb into the hole to subdue him. He would shift into a bird or some other creature and escape. Caleb would have to be killed where he slept.
Thaddeus crept inside of Caleb's room, axe in hand, to find the Shifter sound asleep. Thaddeus hovered above him, nostrils flaring and drool pooling on his bottom lip. He hoisted the axe high above his head. As he brought the axe crashing down, the most frightening bang of thunder split the heavens. Caleb opened his eyes. Without a second to spare, he shifted into the form of a mouse as Thaddeus's axe split the bed in half. Caleb scurried onto the floor and into a hole in the wall. 
"Get back here!" Thaddeus cried, spittle spewing from his mouth.
Thaddeus chopped at the wall like a man possessed, which he was. He hacked and slashed at the wall until the roof of the house wobbled. I will deal with him later.
Thaddeus walked back outside to the pit. Emilia strode over to the edge with him.
Looking up, Azonis said, "River! Thaddeus! What are the two of you doing? Let us out of here!"
"It will all be over soon," River told them.
"Emilia is right," Thaddeus said. "This will all be over soon. I promise that your deaths will be quick and painless. I am sorry, my friends."
Thaddeus pulled a tiny stone from his pocket and tossed it into the hole.
"The others will be here soon. Once the deed is done, no one will be able to stand between us, my love," Thaddeus said, softly kissing her neck.
The entire town of Rand screamed in horror as they dangled to and fro from the large oak tree. Azonis and Rasmere called out to Thaddeus and River from the pit. A tiny mouse scampered about the bushes near Thaddeus, trying to make sense of the situation. The howling winds, vicious thunder, cracks of lighting, and the instinctive cries from a Hormut outside of the city drowned out the pleas from within the walls.
Chapter 23
Shaloul
Lot's scream brought everyone inside the forge out of their slumber. The Thief sat upright, white as a ghost and sweat dripping from the end of his brown hair.
"What is it?" Locmire asked as he hurried to Lot's side.
"It's Thaddeus," Lot said, looking around the room as if he had just woke from a terrible nightmare. "Something bad has happened to him!"
"Did you have another vision?" Locmire asked again.
"They are in danger. Something evil has fallen upon them," Lot answered. He got up and packed his belongings. "We must go to them."
Locmire pulled the stone from within his robes. "The portation stone has been placed. We can travel to them if everyone is ready," Locmire said.
"Me be's ready," Red said.
"Let's go," Oggy replied.
Urganox nodded his head.
"We travel at once," Locmire said. "Everyone come close to me." They all huddled around the Wizard as he held the tiny stone in front of him. "Make sure you all set your mind upon Thaddeus. It does not matter his location, the stone will lead us to him," Locmire told them. "This is not a very comfortable way to travel, and I am afraid that you will all experience great pain. Is everyone ready?" Locmire asked.
They all nodded.
The surrounding air swirled, and their bodies shook violently. A piercing, high pitched noise erupted from the stone. The portation stone fell to the floor of the armory and produced a blinding, white light. They closed their eyes and shielded themselves with their arms. They faded away with the dying of the light.
The next thing Lot knew, he found himself lying face down in a hole of water. He pushed himself up to find Urganox, Oggy and Red doing the same.
"Where are we?" Lot asked.
"Some place you do not want to be," a voice said to him.
"Who are you?" Lot asked. "And where are we?"
"I am Azonis Ferrini, and you are exactly where you appear to be. Inside a deep hole."
The Sestian! If he is here, then Thaddeus must be nearby. Lot looked around to find Azonis's words true. He looked up to see Locmire hovering above the pit with his staff in hand. That is not a good sign. "Have you saw my brother, King Thaddeus Graystone?" Lot asked.
"He is the reason we are in here," Azonis replied. "He has gone mad."
"What?" Lot asked, shaking his head. "What of River and Caleb?"
"She is stricken with the madness as well," Azonis replied.
"We have not seen Caleb. I fear the worst for him," Rasmere said.
"Can we get out of here?" Oggy asked, looking around at their soon to be watery grave.
"I do not think so," Rasmere said. "The pit is too deep and the sides too slick."
"Locmire!" Urganox called. "Get us out of here!"
The Wizard paid him no mind.
"What is he doing?" Oggy asked.
"I do not like this," Lot answered. "Locmire! Locmire!"
Locmire still did not reply. He appeared to be speaking with someone. Slowly, the Wizard floated out of their sight.
Locmire approached Thaddeus and River, but it was not the Thaddeus and River that he once knew. The bones of their faces had enlarged and shifted, and their eyes had turned to that of a ghastly white. Locmire surveyed his surroundings. He saw the villagers of Rand strung up in a tree behind them, pleading for their lives. They hung by their ankles like livestock ready for slaughter.
"Thaddeus? River? Can you hear me?" Locmire asked.
"River?" Thaddeus asked. "Why do you ask for her. I have not seen her for days."
"She stands next to you," Locmire replied.
Thaddeus looked at Emilia and then back at the Wizard.
 "I did not think it true, Locmire." An evil grin grew on the King's face. "How could you? Why would you try to keep Emilia from me? You know how hard it was for me when I thought I lost her. Why would you try to take her from me?"
"Thaddeus, that is not Emilia. I am sorry, friend, but Emilia is dead. It is River who stands next to you," Locmire said. "Open your eyes!"
Thaddeus walked over to Locmire and stood in front of the Wizard. "I will not allow you to separate us again," Thaddeus said, driving his fist into Locmire's face. 
Red looked up just in time to see Locmire go sailing across the top of the pit. "Did ye juss see dat? Locmire went flyin through da air!"
"We have to get up there," Lot said.
"No!" a voice whispered.
They all turned to see Caleb beside them.
"What is going on up there?" Lot asked.
"Thaddeus and River, they have lost their minds. He tried to kill me. They have the entire village strung up by their feet with barrels under them. I think they are going to sacrifice them," Caleb said in a shaky voice.
"Can you get us out of here?" Lot asked.
"I can," he replied.
"Let's get going then," Lot said. "We have no time to waste."
Thaddeus hovered over Locmire with an axe in hand. "I really had started to like you, Wizard. I am sorry."
Locmire released a wave of force from his palm, blasting the axe from King Graystone's hand.
"I guess I will kill you with my bare hands," Thaddeus said. He pounced on Locmire, but once again, a concussive blast from Locmire's palm knocked him back. Thaddeus flew through the air and slid to a stop in the muddy street.
Locmire got to his feet to find River standing beside the others. She had them encircled with a red orb.
"What are you?" Locmire asked.
A voice, not of River's, answered, "My name is Shaloul. Leave from here now, and I will spare their pathetic lives."
Shaloul? Locmire had heard the name before, a long, long time ago. 
Shaloul was a demon believed to be dead. Long ago, five powerful demons, as old as creation itself, roamed Calencia feeding off of the emotions of desperate people. Their origins were unknown to the Wizards, for they did not create them.
There was Bak, the demon of fear. Traloo, the demon of lust. Jayneir, the demon of hate. Amalostein, the demon of need. And Shaloul, the demon of grief. The demons claimed to help individuals battling with their respected emotions. Repayment for their services: blood.
The Wizards of Fogarth eventually destroyed the demons because of the constant anguish and death they left in their wake, but it seemed that one had remained. It all made sense to Locmire now. Shaloul preyed upon Thaddeus and River in their weakest states. He knew that he must somehow drive Shaloul from their bodies, but still feeling the effects of depleting his magic, Locmire was not sure that was possible.
"You know I cannot do that, Shaloul," Locmire replied. "I fear you have picked the wrong persons with whom to make your blood deal. Release them from your control. Now!"
"Fool!" Shaloul cried out. "Kill him!"
Thaddeus rushed forward. Locmire stretched out his arm and his staff came to him. He aimed it at the ground at Thaddeus's feet. King Graystone's feet came out from under him, and he fell face first into the mud. Thaddeus slid through the street on his back as if being drug by an invisible force. Locmire pinned him up against the side of a building. The Wizard turned on River, hoisted her into the air, and secured her next to Thaddeus. He walked over to them and laid his staff on the ground.
"Release me!" Shaloul cried. Her voice coming from both River and Thaddeus simultaneously. 
Locmire waved his hand through the air, and the villagers fell from the tree. "Leave from here!" Locmire cried. The villagers did not need to be told twice.
"Stop it! Release me now or I will kill these two from within!" Shaloul threatened.
Locmire waved his hand once more and freed the others from their crimson imprisonment.
"Stay with the villagers. Keep them safe," Locmire ordered.
"What are you going to do?" Lot asked as he ran to Locmire's side.
"I will try to deliver them from this demon. If I am unsuccessful, you must kill them, or me, which ever body Shaloul is inside. Once you do, you all must flee from this place as fast as you can. Go to Dead Marsh and speak with the Queen and continue on with your quest," Locmire said.
"I can help you!" Lot cried.
"No!" Locmire said. "You heard what I have said. Leave!"
Lot stood torn between obedience and stubbornness. Obedience won after one more stern look from the Wizard. Lot led the others out of the town and to the front gate.
"Your uncertainty tells me you cannot defeat me. Leave now before it is too late," Shaloul hissed.
Locmire placed his hands upon the heads of both River and Thaddeus. He lowered his own head and began to concentrate.
The storm was now at its full fury. Lightning touched down all around them. The longer Locmire stood with his hands upon their heads, the angrier the storm became.
Locmire's body became erect. Thaddeus and River fell to the ground. Locmire threw back his hood and tore the goggles from his head. His baby blue crystals had turned to that of molten gold. He stumbled through the town, falling to his knees, picking himself back up and trudging forward.
Locmire made his way to the back of the village. It took all of his will to hold his hands in front of him and blast open a hole in the wooden wall that surrounded the village. He stepped through to find himself face to face with the edge of the cliff on which Rand sat. Below him was a rocky bottom where bits of the cliff face had fallen off over the years. It was at least two hundred feet to the bottom.
Locmire entered the village once more and looked around until he found the area where they kept their livestock. 
Locmire entered the pig pen and picked up one of the baby swine. Through great effort, he brought it to the opening in the wall. Placing the piglet on the ground, Locmire fell to his knees beside it. He placed his hands on the pigs head and tried his best to focus his thoughts. After several minutes he felt the demon release hold of him. The pig tried to run away, but he caught it by the back leg.
"What have you done to me?" Shaloul cried. "Why can I not leave this beast's body?"
The Wizard picked up the small, pink, pig and carried it to the edge of the cliff.
"What are you doing? Release me! Release me now!" Shaloul cried from within the piglet.
"As you wish," Locmire said, tossing the piglet over the edge.
Locmire listened as Shaloul's cries became fainter and fainter as the demon fell through the air. The piglet's body crashed onto the rocky bottom below, silencing Shaloul forever.
Locmire stumbled back into the city and sat down in the mud. He summoned his staff, then his goggles. Placing them back on his head, Locmire took a deep breath and sprawled out on the cold, wet ground. The rush of life overwhelmed him as it flooded back into his body. It had taken all of his will to prevent Shaloul from taking control of him.
Locmire got to his feet and used his staff like a cane as he walked over to check on Thaddeus and River.
Thaddeus sat up and looked around, confused at why he was lying in the street in the middle of a storm. River was conscious, but unable to move. Shaloul resided inside of her for a long time, causing her body to shut down when the grief demon separated from her.
"Locmire?" Thaddeus asked. "Am I dreaming?"
"No, Thaddeus. I am here," Locmire replied.
"What is going on?" Thaddeus asked. "Where am I?"
"Do not worry. All is well. I will explain everything to you, but first I must bring the others," Locmire said.
Thaddeus rubbed his head and laid back down against the gate. Locmire sent a red flare up in the sky to signal the rest of their party. Thaddeus sat back up as he heard the barking of Ryker, his Hormut, approaching him. His canine companion jumped in his lap and licked his face.
"Down boy, down," Thaddeus said as he tried to get Ryker off of him.
"Is everyone well?" Lot called out as he rushed to their sides.
"Everyone is fine," Locmire answered. "Just a little shaken."
Lot stood over Thaddeus. He stretched out his hand and held it there several moments before Thaddeus accepted it. Lot helped him to his feet. The two brothers shared a respectful stare.
Why are you so stubborn? "Are you well?" Lot asked.
"I am fine," Thaddeus replied. "You?"
"Yes," Lot answered. "I am thankful that we are all united once more."
"Good," Thaddeus said, as Lot patted him on the shoulder and walked over to check on River.
King Graystone turned to find Caleb sitting on the ground. Thaddeus tried to help him up, but Caleb shunned his efforts.
 "What is wrong?" Thaddeus asked. "Take my hand."
Caleb did not answer. He stood, turned his back to Thaddeus, walked into one of the homes.
"Ye be's alive biggin!" 
"It is good to see you, Red," Thaddeus answered as the Pirate grasped his hand and gave it a good shake.
Locmire introduced Thaddeus to Oggy, the only member of the group with whom he was unfamiliar.
"Nice to finally meet you, King Graystone," Oggy said, as she shook the Human King's hand. Thaddeus winced in pain.
"And you, King Stonefist. I am glad we have the pleasure of meeting. I am just saddened over the circumstances," Thaddeus replied.
"Hopefully this will be the beginning of another great friendship between the Dainties and the Humans," Oggy said. "It has been far too long."
"I am certain of it," Thaddeus answered.
"King Graystone," Urganox said from behind him. "Have you grew smaller?"
"You have only gotten larger, my green friend," Thaddeus replied, as he took Urganox's hand in his own. "How do you fare?"
"Well as can be expected considering the fate of my kingdom," Urganox answered.
"Your kingdom? What has happened to your kingdom?" Thaddeus asked.
"Have you not heard?" Urganox replied.
"No, I have not," King Graystone answered.
"Morgorath has fallen at the hands of Hasbarie," Urganox said.
"I am truly sorry, Urganox. I promise you that Hasbarie will pay for his crimes," Thaddeus said.
"Yes. Yes he will," Urganox said with a hint of sadness in his rough voice.
"I am sure you know Azonis and his Sword, Rasmere," Thaddeus said to Urganox.
"Yes, we have met," Urganox replied, as he shook their hands.
"Oggy, I would like to introduce you to Azonis Ferrini and Rasmere Elmidas of Lasticall," Thaddeus said.
"The pleasure is all mine," Oggy said. "I look forward to our new friendships."
"As do I," Azonis replied. "I do not wish to seem rude, but I am going back to my sleeping quarters. It has been a long night."
"No offense taken," Oggy answered.
Azonis gave Thaddeus a menacing stare and walked away in the dark night.
"What happened to his face?" Oggy asked as Azonis walked away.
"Don't speak of that," Rasmere said.
"What is wrong?" Thaddeus asked Rasmere. "Why is everyone acting so queer toward me?"
"Do you not remember?" Rasmere asked.
"Remember what?" Thaddeus asked.
"You threw us in a pit intending to kill us. I know you were not your own person, but the others seem to be having a hard time accepting it. They will be over it in a day or so," Rasmere answered.
Thaddeus could not believe what was happening. This whole series of events felt like a bad dream. It pained him to think that he tried to harm his companions, his friends, even under something else's influence.
Locmire placed his hand on his shoulder. 
"Thaddeus, do not burden yourself with things you cannot control. It will be better on the morrow. We must all sit down and discuss the events that have taken place tonight and during our recent travels. All is well, my friend," Locmire said.
Locmire patted Thaddeus on the shoulder and left to check on River.
As Thaddeus stood in the pouring rain watching the party members become acquainted with one another, a great burden lifted from him. His brother was safe, and the entire group, minus Queen Venumroot, was now together. It would not be long before they confronted the Dark Wizard. Although his companions were a bit uneasy, or angry, around him, Locmire's words somehow assured him that everything would be well. I wonder if he has seen this turn of events in the prophecy? Thaddeus thought.
Locmire gathered the group and directed them inside of Rand's large meeting hall. It took the Wizard a great deal of convincing before the villagers would allow them to stay in Rand for the remainder of the night, but large sums of gold have a way of solving most grievances. 
Chapter 24
Reunited
"The demon remained hidden inside of you ever since your parents died. In the days of old, demons prayed on many victims. You have nothing of which to be ashamed, River. The fact that she could inhabit you does not make you weak," Locmire said. 
The Wizard sat at the head of a large rectangular table, addressing his companions one at a time.
 "Thaddeus, there is no reason for you to feel grief or shame. Shaloul used a very emotional part of your life against you. No one was hurt, and no harm has been done. You must forgive yourself if you plan on leading The Saviors to glory once more."
"What of everyone else?" Thaddeus said with his head hung low. "Can the others forgive me?"
"I am certain of it," Locmire replied. In time.
"I do not feel like Azonis and Caleb are capable of that just yet," Thaddeus answered. They will not even look in my direction.
Locmire turned to Caleb and asked, "Caleb, you do understand that Thaddeus and River's actions were not that of their own, but that of a powerful, ancient being. They are now back to their normal selves. Do you find yourself capable of dealing with this?"
Caleb, who was sitting next to Lot, sat in silent debate. In an effort to alleviate the tension mounting around the table, Thaddeus spoke.
"Caleb, please. I would harm none of you. You and River are dear to me. We have been through so much together. Surely you know me better than that," Thaddeus said, pleading with his friend. 
Caleb started to speak, stopped, and started again. "Thaddeus, I was very shaken by the whole ordeal. You did try to take an axe to me while I slept. I know that you did not act out of your own will," Caleb paused momentarily. He never would have tried to hurt us. "Yes, I can put this behind us."
Thaddeus smiled and said, "Thank you, Caleb. You do not understand how it made me feel to think that something out of my control damaged our relationship."
"Well, thar be one down," Red said merrily.
"Be quiet you fool," Urganox said as he elbowed Red in the side.
"What?" Red asked, crossing his arms. "Me be's gettin tired of bein told ta shut up all da time!"
"Shut up," Lot said.
I have heard enough. "How can he lead us if he cannot even control himself?" Azonis asked.
"Azonis. . ." Thaddeus said. "You know me capable of this. I am strong willed. There is nothing else to stand in my way."
"You let yourself act against your will. If a common demon could affect you so, what do you think Hasbarie will do to you? I do not believe you fit to lead," Azonis said.
"It does not matter to me who leads us against Hasbarie," Thaddeus said. "If I am unfit to lead, there are three other kings and a Wizard in our group. Soon, Queen Venumroot will be in our company. Someone will be up to the task."
"Azonis," Caleb said.
Azonis slammed his fist down onto the table. "I do not think him fit to lead."
"This was no common demon," said River.
"It was you who brought this creature upon us all. You have no say in the matter," Azonis said.
"Azonis, that is not fair," River said.
"That is quite enough," Lot interrupted. "I will not sit by as you insult my brother and my friend."
Azonis slammed his fist onto the table and sprang up to his feet.
"I will also not have filth such as you speak to me in that manner. Keep in mind that you are speaking with the Sestian of Lasticall!" 
Lot stood and stared into Azonis's wild eyes.
Good thing there is a table between them, Oggy thought.
He looks, and acts, like a demon himself. "Then start acting like one," Lot replied.
Azonis ripped his sword from his scabbard. To his surprise, Lot was a little quicker. He had both dragon bone short swords in hand and ready. What surprised Azonis most was the overwhelming support Lot received. When the Thief stood, so did River, Red, Caleb, Urganox, and Oggy.
"That is enough!" Azonis said, looking around.
He was outnumbered six to one. Azonis looked to Rasmere. Why are you not standing by my side! I am your Sestian! Rasmere’s eyes met his own for a moment. The Forest Engenium turned his head. Fine! I don't need your help!
"I advise you take your seat, Sestian," Urganox said.
"This is about to turn ugly real quick," Oggy said. "We need not be fighting amongst ourselves. Let us all take a seat and talk this out."
Lot smiled at Azonis and said, "Your move."
He inspires others just as Thaddeus does. Maybe we do have another fit to lead. Azonis tried to return the sarcastic smile, but his mangled face would not allow him to do so. Azonis sheathed his sword and fell down onto his chair.
"Very well," Azonis said.
"I know we have not had the proper time to sit and become acquainted with one another, but I ask you to use your head, Sestian. Did you not experience a lack of control recently?" Locmire asked.
How did he know of that? "That was different," Azonis replied, tracing the X's on his face. "My face. . ."
"How so?" Locmire inquired.
"For one, I did not try to kill anyone," Azonis promptly replied.
"Yes, Thaddeus and River lost control of themselves, agreed. We all lose control from time to time, but the difference is Thaddeus and River were being controlled by an omnipotent being. A being who somehow eluded destruction when the rest of her kind did not. This being was an ancient force that once terrorized Calencia. They did not lose control due to emotion or vanity," Locmire said.
Azonis gritted his teeth at Locmire's words.
"You are a logical thinker, so I ask you to think," Locmire said.
All were silent while Azonis sat in private debate, tracing the brown threads in his cheek. "Very well. I still doubt his will, but I am agreeing to move past this."
"Thank you, Azonis," the King said, bowing his head.
"I hope this is behind us now," Locmire said. "We have much to discuss."
Hours seamlessly slipped away as each party told of their time apart since going their separate ways outside of Galdarath. 
King Urganox spoke of the destruction of his kingdom and the bravery of his party, particularly Lot, when facing the Lich.
"Your brother is a brave man, Thaddeus. I am sure you are proud to call him family," Urganox said.
Thaddeus, who looked like he could barely hold up his head, said, "It seems that you are coming into your own, brother. The life of a noble man is much more rewarding than that of a thief, is it not?"
Lot shook his head and disregarded the King's statement. Why does he lash out at me still? Moments ago he sought the forgiveness of his party, yet he does not grant me the same.
 King Stonefist told of his fall and rise back to the throne. He told of the bravery of his people and the kindness of his present party. He spoke most highly of Locmire and his ability to call upon magic. The spell the Wizard unleashed at Morgorath would be forever etched in Oggy's memory. 
Azonis spoke vaguely regarding the attack on Lasticall. He recalled their travels in the Dead Lands, and the most unfortunate maiming of his once beautiful face. 
Rasmere remained silent. 
Caleb and Red attempted to make sense out of their arrival in Calencia. Neither them, nor Locmire, came to a logical conclusion regarding their unexplained arrival.
 River and Thaddeus, Thaddeus in particular, did not appear to be feeling too well, but considering the events that took place earlier, it was not a surprise when they seemed distant. 
Everyone had a grand tale to tell, except for Lot. The Thief was a prisoner in the dungeons of Galdarath a few days earlier. He was no king. Nothing spectacular had ever happened to him. He did not come here from another land, nor had he elevated himself to glory. His only bragging rights were of the elaborate heists he had performed throughout his life. Lot did not think Oggy or Thaddeus wanted to hear how he had robbed them of their riches.
Ryker lay asleep at Thaddeus's feet with a smile etched on his thick face.
After everyone had ample time to tell their stories, Thaddeus leaned back in his chair. His skin was the color of new bed linens and perspiration clung to his brow.
Locmire pulled back his hood.
"Thaddeus, are you ill?" he asked.
"I do not feel well. I do believe that I will turn in for the night," the King replied as he attempted to stand. Thaddeus tried to use the table to aid him in standing. He collapsed back into his chair. "It seems that my condition is worse than I thought. Can someone assist me to my quarters?" Thaddeus asked.
Urganox came over and draped the Human King's arm over his shoulder and carried him off to bed.
"What is wrong with him?" Lot asked.
"Was he ill before the events that took place earlier?" Locmire asked.
"He collapsed at the gate just before we gained entry into the village," Azonis answered. "The village healers said he looked like he had been bitten."
"Bitten?" Locmire asked. "Did they mention his condition?"
"They assured us he would be fine," Azonis said.
"Lookin ta me like he got some bad wine," Red added.
"He just needs some rest," River stated. "As do I. Can someone help me off to bed?" she asked, batting her eyelashes at Lot.
"Not a problem. Ole Red will help ye off to da sack."
"Do not trouble yourself," Lot said as he stood and took River by the arm. "I will help her."
"Me do believes dat me sees a hint of jealously," Red said, chuckling.
"You sense no jealously from me," Lot replied. Stupid Pirate. "You have been drinking too much grog." 
They all laughed.
"Dat just it. Me gots no grog. Da Old One done and drunk it all," Red said motioning toward Locmire. "Me tinks he gots a problem."
"I will admit," Locmire said. "I have acquired a taste for the grog."
Lot could still hear their laughter as he helped River onto her bed. He draped her with a woolen blanket and secured it around her. "Do you need anything else?" Lot asked.
Her smile stretched from ear to ear. "I am glad you are all right. I was worried about you," River said.
"As I was yours, I mean you," Lot replied. Get it together, Lot. "Get some rest. Tomorrow will be, yet, another big day."
"Don't leave me," she whispered. She sat up and patted the bed for Lot to sit. "Stay and talk."
He looked at her, looked at the door, and looked back again. "Only for a moment. We still have a great deal to discuss."
River scooted over to make more room. Lot sat down beside of her. He lowered himself as if trying to sit on an egg without cracking its shell. She lay still for a moment. Her golden blonde hair spread wide across her pillow. Her eyes were solemn and body relaxed.
She looks like a different person. She is no longer fighting the war that raged on inside of her. He could not stand the uncomfortable silence any longer. "How are you?" he asked.
"I am just so tired," River replied, in a light voice. "I do feel much better now." Now that you are here.
"I am glad," Lot said. I cannot stop staring into her beautiful, blue eyes.
"Do you think Azonis and Caleb will really forgive Thaddeus and myself?" she asked.
"Forgive you?" Lot asked. "For what? For being under the control of a benevolent being and almost killing them all?" he smiled. "Things will be well again. Do not worry."
"Are we good?" she asked.
Stammering to find words, Lot finally answered, "Yes. We are fine."
River took him by the hand and laid her cheek against it. She nuzzled her face against the back of his solid hand. His face went red.
"I missed you, Lot. I worried over you the entire time. Thaddeus had visions of you, you know. I asked him often if he had glimpsed you," River told him.
"Thaddeus had visions of me?" he asked.
"Yes," she replied. "Several of them."
"I had visions of him as well," he said. "It is strange to think that Thaddeus, and I have been connected this entire time. Even when I thought I had no family, he was there the whole time."
"I have heard of twins sharing special connections before, but never anything so profound," River told him as she sat upright. "The two of you are destined to accomplish great things. Namely save Calencia."
"So it seems," Lot replied. Or at least I hope.
"I hope Thaddeus is well. He seemed rather ill when he went to bed," River said. "I wonder why the demon had so much more of a negative effect on him?"
"I do not know. This puzzles me as well. Are you sure nothing else has happened to him?" Lot asked.
"Nothing that I can recall, but then again, I have not been myself lately. It seems that he is the only one of us who did not encounter some undue hardship, minus the whole possession thing." She gave him a small grin. "I was knocked unconscious and expended all of my magic, twice. Azonis met the end of a Cold Heart's spear. Caleb and Rasmere were taken captive by the Hoggins, not to mention Caleb getting swatted out of the air by the Woggen. Thaddeus is a great warrior and the most fortunate man I have ever met."
"So it seems," Lot replied. "River, can I ask you a personal question?"
River's heart skipped a beat. He is going to declare his feelings for me! I know it. Her voice grew low and soft. "Lot, you can ask me anything."
Why is she talking like that? Lot wondered. "While we were separated, did. . ."
Did I reminisce on our short time spent together? Yes! Every free moment I had was spent thinking of you!
"Did Thaddeus ever speak of me?" he asked.
What? Did Thaddeus ever speak of you? Why did he not ask about me? "Umm, yes. Yes he did," she answered, still upset that his question did not pertain to the two of them. "We spoke several times about you."
"Really?" Lot asked with a wide grin. "What did you speak of?"
"I am not sure I should be talking to you about this. It is not my place. You should speak to him," she replied. 
"Does he still despise me? I must know," he retaliated.
She wet her lips. "No, I do not think so. His heart has softened, some. Just play it safe when speaking with him. He does have a very ill temper as of late."
They talked for another ten minutes, discussing their most recent adventures when Lot heard Red call out, "Hey lubber boy! Get yer tail in here. We got's us some business ta discuss!" Muffled laughter accompanied Red's comment.
"Well, I guess I should get going. Try and find rest," Lot said as he stood.
"I will see you on the morrow," River replied.
Lot turned to walk away. River sighed under her breath. Ever since she had met the Thief, River felt a strong connection with him. She had only met one other man with whom she had such an immediate attraction, and it pained her to think that Lot did not share the same feelings. Her mind drifted as she laid dreaming about a happier day, a day when Lot showed more interest in her. He has much on his mind. Once this business is all over. . . Her eyes shot open as she felt his lips press against her forehead and his stubbly whiskers poke her eyes.
"Good night, River," Lot said as he hurried away.
River pulled the covers in close to her neck, squeezing herself within her own arms. I knew it. 
As she lay day dreaming about the man of her dreams, her thoughts kept drifting away from Lot. No matter how hard she tried, she could not stop herself from imagining what it might have felt like if it had not been Lot, but Thaddeus, who pressed his lips against her skin.
Lot sat back down at the table, opposite Locmire. His companions, minus Rasmere and Azonis, attempted to hold back their smiles.
"What?" Lot asked, fixing his stare upon them. No one responded. "What? What are you all smiling about?" he demanded.
Red erupted, setting off a chain reaction of laughter. Oggy laughed so hard that he had to lay his head on the table and cover himself with his arms to keep from waking his sleeping companions.
"Lot, da ole lubber boy," Red chuckled. "He in thar actin all sweet an tellin lies! Da Thief be tryin to steal dat cute girl's heart!"
"Enough!" Lot said as he slammed his fist down on the table. "Let us speak of our next move."
"Ye would figure dat a man in love would be a little bit happier," Red called out. "Maybe ole lubber boy ain't so much of a lubber boy after all. Maybe, River shot him down."
"One would think that the heir to the throne would have more luck with the ladies," Urganox added.
Lot knew that if he retaliated, it would only incite more laughter. He did the only thing he could do; he smiled and shook his head until they got it out of their system.
It took much longer than Lot could have imagined for the laughter to subside. It appeared that Red had an endless supply of japes. Finally, Locmire, after he quit laughing himself, spoke and everyone settled down to listen.
"In the morning we will depart for Dead Marsh. Once we have spoken with Queen Venumroot, we must all sit down and discuss the entire prophecy," Locmire said.
"Why can we not discuss it now?" Urganox asked.
"I think it would ease our minds if we knew exactly what we have gotten ourselves into," Azonis added.
"Sestian Ferrini, I fear we have not had ample time to become acquainted. I regret I was not able to journey to Lasticall to speak with you myself. I assume that Thaddeus told you all that he knows of the prophecy and Hasbarie?" Locmire asked.
"Yes," Azonis replied, tilting his head to the side. "He told me all you told him."
"Very well then. You are up to speed with the others," Locmire said. "For one, I do not wish to tell this tale every time I meet another Savior. I would prefer to tell it to everyone at once. Secondly, the lot of you need not know all the details. It is not wise to divulge every single detail concerning our current circumstances until all things are in place."
"I do not like having a Wizard, or anyone else for that matter, dragging me off to risk my life and whilst keeping secrets from me," Azonis said, his words like a winter's breeze.
"Your bad disposition is not doing anything to make any of this better. You should learn to stay your tongue from time to time," Rasmere said. It was one of the few times he spoke, but his statement was short and to the point. 
"You need to keep in mind who you are speaking to! I am your Sestian!" Azonis barked back.
"I have already told you. You are no longer of any importance to me. My days of servitude to you are over," Rasmere replied.
A person of few words, but powerful ones, Urganox thought. I like him.
"What troubles you, Azonis?" Locmire asked.
"Did you not just hear what I said?" Azonis said, in a controlled tone.
"What really troubles you?" Locmire asked.
Tears wailed up in the Sestian's eyes. He placed both hands over his face and sobbed.
"It is time for us to turn in," Locmire said as he stood. "Azonis, will you accompany me outside?"
Azonis wiped the tears from his face and exited through the front doors.
Locmire sat down in a chair beside of Azonis. The storm still raged on. Rain shot off the porch's roof, and a muddy river ran through the streets of Rand. As they both sat and marveled in the splendid fury of nature, Locmire tried to find the words to say that would soothe Azonis's fury. Much to Locmire's surprise, Azonis engaged him first.
"Did you really watch the Great War's conclusion?" Azonis asked.
"Yes. Not only did I watch the conclusion, I also watched the beginning." Locmire pulled back his hood and looked into the black sky. "I was the Looker who saw the prophecy that told of Hasbarie and his reign of terror. I was the one who alerted the Humans of his diabolical plan. It was I who called the races together at the Calling of the Greats. It was only fitting that I was the one who foresaw the events with which we are currently dealing."
"It sounds like you have just as much stake in this as we do," Azonis said.
"So it seems," Locmire replied.
"I do not mean to come off so harsh. Much has happened in such a short amount of time," Azonis said. "Many High Engeniums died during the attack of Lasticall. I could not stay long enough to see my kingdom safe."
"The Engenium that you left in charge, is he not capable of ruling in your absence?" Locmire asked.
"He is the most capable of any in my kingdom," Azonis replied.
"Then you should not worry. All will be well," Locmire said. "Besides, if we do not stop Hasbarie, there will be no kingdom for anyone to rule."
"I know," Azonis said. "I do not fear my role in the effort to save Calencia. I embrace becoming a Savior, just as my ancestor, Mazola Ferrini, did so many years ago."
"What is it that bothers you so?" Locmire asked.
After several moments of deliberation, Azonis answered, "To begin with, my Sword, Rasmere has turned his back on me. It took many years, but he had finally gained my utmost trust. It only took him a moment to turn on me."
"He gained your trust," Locmire repeated. "But did he ever gain your respect?" 
Azonis gave Locmire a menacing look, but it quickly turned to that of understanding.
"No, I suppose not," Azonis replied as he let out a big sigh.
"I fear that has always been the relationship between the High and Forest Engeniums. You must somehow overcome this most unfortunate relationship," Locmire said.
"I tried," Azonis replied. "I made him my Sword. He was the first Forest Engenium to ever obtain a position of power in Lasticall."
"But his position was not willingly given to him, and from what I have been told, it was made evident that you did not wish him in your service. You need to somehow show him that you do appreciate him and that you are not the Engenium that Mazola was. Mazola made many promises to Rasmere's ancestors and those promises have not been met," Locmire said.
"How do you know these things, Wizard?" Azonis asked.
"I know much," Locmire replied.
"So it seems," Azonis answered. "There is that, and this seems petty, but my face. My face has been permanently scarred. I am ruined."
"It is not the face that makes a great ruler," Locmire answered.
"This scar is a sign of failure. A scar such as this, will always remind me of my moment of weakness," Azonis said as he traced the X shaped threads in his cheek.
Locmire smiled.
"You find this amusing?" Azonis asked.
Locmire stood in front of Azonis. He touched the palms of his hands to Azonis's face. Before Azonis could speak an immobilizing heat grow in his face and spread throughout his body. A bright light grew from Locmire's hands. The light became so intense, Azonis had to shut his eyes. Locmire removed his hands, and the light disappeared. Slowly, Azonis regained motion.
"What did you do?" Azonis asked.
"I helped to solve one of your problems," Locmire answered.
Azonis tried to trace the X's on his cheek, but they were not there. His face was smooth once more. The Sestian looked on his lap to find two bloody, knotted threads. He picked them up and studied them.
"My face," he muttered. "You fixed it."
"As trivial as it may seem, scars such as those can do much to break one's will. I need you at your best. I need you to be the leader you were born to be. The Saviors need you to be capable of working cohesively with them. Calencia needs you to put aside your pride and foolish ways. This world cannot be saved without you. If you cannot, Calencia is doomed," Locmire said as he took Azonis's hand in his. He smiled and walked inside.
Azonis looked at his palm to find the hole that the Hoggin spear produced also had vanished. 
The storm dwindled down to nothing and Azonis went inside. He entered his room and moved the oil lamp onto a nearby table. He inspected each side of his face in the mirror on the wall.
 Not even a scratch, he thought. 
The Sestian carried the lamp back to his bed. He blew out the flame and attempted to find sleep in the darkness of the room and to find the light inside the darkness of his soul.
Chapter 25
Venom
The storm passed, and the sun peeked through the clouds. Instead of the crow of a rooster, the group awoke to the incessant howls of Ryker clawing at the door.
"Thar ye mutt!" Red growled as he wiped the sleep from his eyes and pulled the door open. "Get on out da door ye flea ridden hound."
Ryker turned on Red, flashing his large teeth and growling. Red fired back with a growl of his own. Ryker cocked his head to the side, considering the Pirate's actions. The Hormut bolted outside to attend to his morning business.
"It seems that Thaddeus's beast has more manners than you do, Red," Urganox called out.
"Hardy har har!" Red said, laughing. "Da mutt got more manners dan me, and more brains dan you!"
"You are fortunate that I have grown fond of you," Urganox replied.
"Awww, ye loves me," Red said as he put his arm around Urganox. "Give ole Red a hug."
Urganox grabbed Red by the seat of his britches and hoisted him into the air. "That will be the last mistake you ever make," Urganox said.
"Put me down ye big goat!" Red cried.
"If you wish," Urganox said as he released his grip on Red.
The Pirate landed on his hands and knees. He stood back up and dusted himself off saying, "Dat's what me thought."
"No breakfast?" Oggy asked as he came into the room. "I miss my kingdom already."
"Two dozen yarkle eggs, ham, and some fresh bread would serve us well," Urganox replied.
"Ah," Oggy said. "A healthy appetite. I cannot say that I have ever eaten yarkle eggs."
"When this is all over, the two of us will feast like the kings we are. Yarkle eggs, ham, bread, wine, and women!" Urganox proclaimed.
"What about me?" Lot asked.
"It be's about time ye gets out of bed," Red said.
"Look who's talking!" Lot said. "This is the first time I have seen you out of bed before everyone else."
"I be's tryin to take more resposurbility," Red replied.
"The only reason he is up is because Thaddeus's mutt woke him," Urganox added.
"You would not willingly rise this early," Lot said.
Azonis came into the room and took at seat at the table. He sat in silence watching his companions chide and tease one another. I should join them. What am I thinking? They do not wish for my company. I acted the part of a fool last night. I will be lucky if I can join them in casual conversation.
Rasmere came into the room and took a seat on the window seal. 
"Good morning, Rasmere," Azonis said, acting as if nothing were wrong.
Rasmere turned to the Sestian and gave him a queer look before nodding his head and turning away.
"It seems that everyone is in good spirits this morning," Locmire called out as he strolled into the room with River by his side.
"Good morning, River," Lot said.
"Good morning, Lot," she replied with a large grin. "Good morning, everyone."
"Ye feelin beddar?" Red asked.
"Much better," she replied. "I have not felt this good in a long time."
"Good to hear, little lady. It is good to see you better," Oggy said.
"Who are ye to be callin someone lil?" Red asked.
This brought smiles and laughter to the entire room. Even Azonis and Rasmere smiled.
"Good morning, Azonis," Locmire said. "How are you feeling?"
"Better," Azonis replied. "I wanted to thank you for what you did last night."
"No thanks are necessary. We Wizards are known to be able to work a small amount of healing magic."
Caleb came out of his room and stood next to Azonis.
"Your face," Caleb said.
"The Wizard worked his magic on me," Azonis replied.
"Good," Caleb replied. "I did not know how much longer I could stand to be around you. Your temper was quite volatile."
"I apologize for my actions. It was very selfish of me to behave in such a manner over something so vain," Azonis responded.
"All is well," Caleb said. He patted Azonis on the shoulder. He went to Rasmere and sat beside him on the window seal.
"How are you, Rasmere?" Caleb asked.
The Sword turned to him. "I am well. You?"
"Good," Caleb said. "Still a bit shaken, but I'll be fine."
"I would begin to wonder about you if you had not been frightened over the events that took place last night," Rasmere replied. 
"Seems like everyone is in good spirits," said Caleb.
"So it seems. Azonis even seems to be in a temperate mood. I have not seen him act like this for many years," Rasmere replied, glancing at the Sestian. "There is a peace about him. It is hard to describe."
"That is good. Right?" Caleb asked.
"It concerns me," Rasmere replied, staring back out the window.
"Has anyone saw Thaddeus?" Azonis asked.
"Not since last night," Urganox answered. He turned to Azonis. "You look better, Sestian. Amazing what a good night of sleep can do for the body."
"Da Old One laid dem thar hands on ye, huh? Don't feel bad. He been fixin me up fur days now."
"He did quite the job," Azonis said. "Locmire, have you seen Thaddeus?"
"No, and it is not like him to sleep so long," Locmire said. "Lot, will you check in on him?"
Why would he ask me to check on Thaddeus? I am sure he would rather be woken by anyone else. "Sure," Lot said.
Lot pushed Thaddeus's door open. The room was black. A thick set of purple curtains blocked out the morning light. A pungent odor filled the room, making it hard for him to take a breath. He curled his nose. What is that smell? Fumbling in the darkness, he found the curtains and pulled them open. A small sliver of light crept into the room, just enough to see. He looked over at Thaddeus and his heart plummeted from his chest.
"Locmire!" Lot cried. "Locmire! I need you now!"
Within an instant everyone rushed into Thaddeus's room and huddled around his bed.
"Give me space," Locmire said as he pushed the others out of the way.
Thaddeus looked like he had just come in out of the storm. Sweat drenched both his body and bed. His hair lay matted to his head. The King was pale, his skin the color of snow, but with a light green tint.
"What is wrong with him?" Lot asked.
"Someone give me a dagger," Locmire said as he held his hand out to his side.
Rasmere pulled a dagger and placed it in Locmire's palm.
Locmire cut Thaddeus's shirt open and examined his torso. There were no visible markings, but the color of his chest matched that of his face.
River laid her hand on his head. "He is burning up," she gasped.
"I will go fetch water and rags," Azonis said as he exited the room.
Locmire cut open Thaddeus's sleeves. And there lies the problem. Thaddeus's arm was solid black from the tips of his fingers to the upper portion of his arm. A thick, green liquid oozed from his flesh.
"By the gods!" Lot cried. "What is it?"
"He has been poisoned," Locmire replied.
"Poisoned?" Lot wondered. "By the demon?"
"Not the demon, but of what I am not certain," Locmire answered.
"A Cold Heart," Urganox said. "This is the bite of a Cold Heart."
"He never said anything about being bitten," Caleb said.
"He never said anything," Rasmere said. "The village healer was tending to him before the events of last night. We mentioned that we had a run in with a den of Cold Hearts on the previous day. I suppose with all the excitement, the severity of his condition slipped our minds."
"The fool!" Lot cried. "Thaddeus! Wake up!"
"He cannot hear you," Urganox said.
"What can we do for him?" Oggy asked.
"Unless we can get him to Dead Marsh within the next few minutes. . . nothing," Urganox said. "I am sorry. This bite is so far advanced, I am not even sure the Raptilians can help him."
"No, there must be another way," Lot pleaded. "Locmire, can you heal him like you did with Red's arm and Azonis's face?"
"Sadly, no. We can only heal flesh and bone. Poison is a different beast all together," Locmire replied. "Urganox, take him and place him on the dining table. Lot, find some lengths of rope. Red, get me a piece of leather. River, fetch more water and rags. Caleb, try to find a bottle of wine. Hurry."
"What are you going to do?" Lot asked.
"What must be done," Locmire said as he left the room.
"You heard the Wizard!" Urganox called out. "Get a move on! He does not have much time."
It took a few minutes for everyone to round up their assigned supplies. Thaddeus lay lifeless on the table.
"The poison has traveled even further up his arm," River said.
"If it reaches his body, he is dead," Urganox explained.
"Is his arm and legs bound well?" Locmire asked.
Oggy gave each rope a good tug, checking the tightness of Lot's knots. "Good and tight," Oggy replied.
"Fold up the leather strap and place it between his teeth," Locmire ordered Red.
"Aye aye," Red said, as he slid the strap in between Thaddeus's teeth.
"Bring me his axe," Locmire said, without a quaver in his voice.
Urganox handed Locmire Thaddeus's dragon bone axe. To King Skullsplitters surprise, Locmire handled the heavy axe with ease.
"Hold him down," Locmire said.
Oggy and Urganox held Thaddeus's unaffected arm and legs for good measure while Lot secured his head into place. Azonis and Rasmere stretched his blackened arm out to the side.
Before anyone could react, Locmire brought the axe high into the air and sank it into Thaddeus's arm. Thaddeus came to life at once, screaming in pain. Rasmere and Azonis fell backward onto the floor when the King's arm came free from his body. He fought with all of his might to free himself from his bonds. The green fluid poured from his severed arm, but red blood flowed from his stump.
 I think I severed it in the right place, Locmire thought.
Locmire moved out of the way and River doused his bloody stump with the bottle of wine. Thaddeus howled in agony. Rasmere grabbed the rags and pressed them against his stump, but the blood flow was too great. The rags became saturated with his life fluid in seconds.
"This is not going to work," Rasmere said. "He is going to bleed out in a few moments if we do not do something. Tighten the tourniquet!"
"It is as tight as it can be," Lot said.
"Remove the rags," Locmire ordered.
Rasmere pulled the rags from Thaddeus's stumps. Blood gushed from its end. Locmire held out his right hand, and it became engulfed with flame. He pressed his hand against the bloody stump. It sounded like grease hitting a hot skillet. Thaddeus roared in agony once more. He tried to free himself, but he was too weak. The room filled with the stench of charred flesh, but when Locmire pulled his hand back, the wound had clotted. 
How is he still conscious? Azonis thought.
Thaddeus lay on the table panting. "Wine," he called out. "Wine." River put the bottle to his lips and gave him a small drink. "More," he said.
When it was all said and done, Thaddeus had drank the remainder of the bottle. His breathing slowed, and the fever left him.
"Untie me," Thaddeus said.
Lot looked to Locmire for a nod of approval, which he received. He unbound Thaddeus's arm and legs.
"Help me to sit," Thaddeus requested.
Lot helped his brother to a seated position. Thaddeus looked down to find his arm amputated between his shoulder and elbow. He moved the stump around in circles.
"I suppose I can fasten a shield to it," he said. "But I doubt it will be very useful."
"Thaddeus. I am sorry. We had no other choice," Lot choked out with tears building in his eyes.
"You all did what you had to do," Thaddeus said. "If the lot of you had not the stomach for such doings, I would be dead. Thank you." 
Ryker cried out at the door, pawing and scratching to be let inside. 
"Can someone please go let Ryker in?" 
Red opened the door and Ryker charged in, bearing his teeth.
"Calm down, boy. All is well," Thaddeus assured the Hormut.
Ryker lowered his head and lay down at his master's feet, whimpering.
"You may not be invincible, or untouchable, but you are the toughest creature I have ever met," Urganox said. "I never witnessed anyone let a Cold Heart bite go so long untreated and live to tell the tale." 
Thaddeus smiled, "I am not ready to die just yet. I have much to do."
Azonis placed a hand on Thaddeus's shoulder and said, "I am glad you are alive, old friend."
"I see your wounds have gotten better," Thaddeus said.
Azonis rubbed his hands over his smooth face. "Yes, yes they have," Azonis laughed. "Here you sit with your arm removed and ask me of my face."
Azonis took Thaddeus by his hand and gave it a firm squeeze. Thaddeus returned the gesture with a nod and grin.
"Do we have anything to eat?" King Graystone asked.
Here he sits asking for food, when only moments ago an axe took off his arm. The stories I heard about him must be true, Oggy thought.
Urganox helped Thaddeus outside on the porch. River brought him more wine, and Lot made a meal not fit for a king, but did the best he could with what little food he found in the pantry.
For all Thaddeus had been through in the past day, he was coming along well. His color was returning, and he looked stronger by the minute. Cold Heart venom proved to be a nasty business.
"When do we leave?" Thaddeus asked.
"Leave?" Lot asked. "What do you mean, leave? You are in no shape to depart just yet."
"Do not speak to me of my capabilities," Thaddeus said. "We do not have time to waste."
"Thaddeus, he is right. You are in no shape to leave. Even so, what do you think you can accomplish with a stump that could burst open any moment?" River asked.
"They are right, Thaddeus. You cannot travel to Dead Marsh just yet," Locmire said.
"I will not sit and debate this matter. I am-" 
"The others will set out without us. We must travel to Fogarth," Locmire said.
"Fogarth?" Thaddeus asked. "Why?"
"You need not worry about that. Finish your food. We leave momentarily," Locmire said.
"What will you have us do?" Lot asked.
"The rest of you will travel to Dead Marsh and speak to Queen Venumroot. Thaddeus and I will join you shortly," Locmire said as he gave Lot another portation stone. "I am leaving Lot in charge. Place this stone in Dead Marsh once you get there. We will be back by day's end."
"I do not have a good feeling about this. Can we not wait here?" Lot asked.
"No," Locmire said firmly. "We must push forward. Much is at stake. We must reach the Raptilian Queen before Hasbarie does."
"Will someone bring me my armor and weapons?" Thaddeus asked.
"I already have them," Locmire assured him.
"You do?" Thaddeus asked, scratching his temple. "Where are they?"
Locmire patted the satchel on his side.
"You mean to tell me that my armor and weapons are in that little bag?" Thaddeus asked.
"I am a Wizard, remember," Locmire said, smiling. "Come now, it is time go."
"Very well. We will see you soon," Lot said.
Lot and the others gathered their belongings and met at the front gates. Lot turned to tell Thaddeus and Locmire to be careful, but they had disappeared. 
Good travels, brother. "Come, let us leave. We can make it to Dead Marsh in a few hours if we are not held up along the way."
Chapter 26
Dark and Stormy Night

Alexander Gorman placed his fingers on her eyelids and slid them shut. This young lady marked the sixth person they had found slain on the side of the road since their encounter with the Dead Suns outside of Lasticall. 
"Rest in peace," he said as he stood and dusted off his hands. Such a shame. She was a beautiful young girl with much life left to live.
"Seems like they are on a killing spree," Nezzer Trock said. "I found Raptilian tracks once more. They are headed for Dead Marsh."
"At least we have yet to find the bodies of King Graystone and Sestian Ferrini," Alexander said. "Let us hope we find them before these vile beings do."
"I do not believe them capable of harming Azonis or Thaddeus, especially with the company they keep," Nezzer said.
"Let us hope not. Galdarath is not ready for its king to perish just yet, nor is Lasticall, I assume," Alexander replied. "Mount up. We ride for Dead Marsh. The sun is falling fast."
With the setting of the sun came the rains. It was the most violent storm either Alexander or Nezzer had ever witnessed. The heavy rain acted like a drawn curtain before them limiting their visibility. The lightning nipped at their heels, and the thunder shook Calencia to its core.
"We must find shelter!" Nezzer yelled.
"No! We keep moving!" Alexander replied.
Nezzer's horse reared back as a bolt of lightning struck a nearby tree. "This is insane! I doubt they are traveling in such weather. I am sure they stopped to seek shelter!" 
"Let us hope so. We may have a chance at getting ahead of them!" Alexander yelled to be heard above the storm.
They rode on for another hour, but covered little ground. The storm's fury was too great. Nezzer saw a small house off to the right of the road. A dim light shone through its windows.
"Look!" Nezzer cried. "We must seek shelter! This storm is too bad!"
Something deep inside of Alexander told him to keep moving. He wanted to make it to Dead Marsh as soon as possible. He had to warn Thaddeus about the men who were seeking him. Against his deepest intuition, Alexander broke off from the main road and rode toward the small house.
They tied their horses to the hitching post beside a brown mare. Alexander banged on the front door and a voice called out, "Come in."
Alexander and Nezzer stepped into the house and shook the rain from their bodies.
A small fire crackled in the fire place. Fresh flowers sat in a vase on an end table. The home was rather small, but warm and dry.
"Come in and take a load off," said a well groomed man. "You must be weary. Are you hungry?"
"Yes," Alexander replied. "Thank you for your hospitality, good sir." One should never turn down food when in another's home.
"Well, come on in and have a seat. I have a pot of soup on the stove," the man said as he limped into the kitchen, clutching a cane in his left hand.
A moment later he reappeared with two ceramic bowls full of hot soup in his right hand, with his thumb in one bowl.
"There you go," the man said as he placed the bowls in front of them, smiling from ear to ear. He licked the soup from his thumb and asked, "What would possess the two of you to be out on a night like this?"
"The storm turned violent in a hurry. Before we knew it, we were in the middle of the worst storm either of us has ever seen," Alexander answered.
"You are from Galdarath?" the man asked.
"I am. How did you know?" Alexander asked, squinting his eyes.
The man replied, "Your armor."
Alexander smiled. "Do you live here?" 
"I do not. I was returning home from Dead Marsh when this storm blew in. I spotted this house from the road. The door was unlocked so I let myself in," he replied.
"Where is home?" Nezzer asked.
"The Free Lands, outside of Galdarath," he answered without hesitation.
"Have you saw any others on the road to Dead Marsh?" Alexander asked.
"Now that you mention it, I crossed paths with a Human and Raptilian. They did not appear friendly. I just kept my head down and rode past them," the man answered. "A very scary looking duo."
Alexander and Nezzer gave each other a concerned look.
"How long ago?" Alexander inquired.
"It was early this morning. They should be in Dead Marsh by now, if that was where they were heading," he answered.
"Consider yourself lucky, friend," Nezzer said.
"Why so?" the man asked.
"The two you saw are murderers. They have left a wake of death behind them," Alexander explained.
"Oh dear. I will count my blessings tonight," the man said.
"I am sorry. We haven't introduced ourselves. My name is Alexander Gorman, and this is Nezzer Trock of Lasticall."
"The name is Trevor, and the pleasure is all mine."
They spent the next twenty minutes finishing their hot soup and downing three bottles of dandelion wine between them. Trevor proved to be a very interesting individual. He was a traveling jewelry merchant from the Free Lands. When asked to see his wares, Trevor informed them that fortune shined upon him in Dead Marsh, and he had sold his entire inventory.
"If you do not mind me asking, what business do you have in Dead Marsh? You are a long way from Galdarath, and it is not often that one sees one of King Thaddeus's guards traveling with an Engenium," Trevor said.
Alexander decided he would not answer this question truthfully, but before he could fabricate an elaborate story, Nezzer, feeling the effects of the wine, spoke.
"We are seeking King Graystone and Sestian Ferrini. We fear them in danger," Nezzer blurted out.
"You do?" Trevor asked as he stood. "Why?"
"It seems that the Raptilian and Human you passed on the road are seeking them as well," Nezzer said as he let out a loud belch. "They are murderers. We have followed their trial of bodies from Lasticall."
"Nezzer!" Alexander said. "That is enough. Stay your tongue."
Trevor paced back and forth beside the table. Alexander did not like the sudden mood change in the room. The sense of comfort had fled.
"And they are murderers you say?" Trevor asked.
"Yes, murderers," Nezzer replied.
His cane, Alexander thought. A moment ago he was using it in his left hand, now it is in his right. Alexander's hand flashed to the hilt of his sword and he shot up from the table, sending his chair flying out from under him.
"Nezzer!" Alexander shouted. "To arms!"
Trevor stood motionless, grinning.
Alexander became aware to the fact that Nezzer had not stood. He looked over to see Nezzer face down in his bowl of soup. Blood gushed from his neck where a war axe rested snugly. A Raptilian pulled the axe from his neck and wiped the blood on his pants.
"Not murderers," Trevor stated. "Assassins. The Shadows to be exact."
Alexander charged forward and made three quick slashes with his sword. Trevor stepped back and pulled two falcatas from behind his cloak. Alexander Gorman rushed forward again, but this time Trevor met him. He checked each of Alexander's strikes and retaliated with five of his own. Alexander blocked Trevor's first and second strikes with little effort. He feigned low with his right and when Alexander dropped his sword to block, Trevor drug the falcata across his face. Alexander stumbled back, blood pouring down his cheek. Trevor's next two strikes landed on each side of Alexander's neck. He pushed the blades deeper into the soft of his neck, applied ample pressure and brought them out. 
Alexander's face went expressionless, and he collapsed onto the floor. Trevor sheathed his swords, unsheathed his hidden blade, and cut another mark across his stomach. 
"Zeez are ze royal guardz?" Zathillius asked. "Zey did not even put up a ztruggle."
"This one tried," Trevor said as he sheathed his blade back into his cane.
"Thaddeuz haz not made it to Dead Marzh. Zey muzz ztill be out on ze road," Zathillius said.
"There is a village not far from here. Rand, I do believe," Trevor said. "We should check there."
"I iz ready to ridez," Zathillius replied. "Ze zight of king'z blood exzites me."
Trevor Metzger and Zathillius Kraven left the small home whose only occupants were five dead bodies. They met the storm's fury head on and made the slow journey to Rand, which was less than a league away.
When they arrived at Rand, the pitch black sky emptied its bowels. They crept up the hill to the village's entrance, but an obstacle blocked their path. From the shadows, a few feet away from the front gate, Trevor and Zathillius listened intently to a large group's conversation.
"I knew we should not have let him into our village again!" a man yelled.
"He is not acting under his own will!" Lot rebutted. "It will be over soon, I promise."
"Should we help Locmire?" Oggy asked.
"No. He said to stay here," Urganox replied. "We really do not know what we are dealing with."
"I knew she seemed odd. I did not like her from the moment I met her," Azonis added. "I should have Rasmere go fletch an arrow in her and end this folly!"
"Let your own arrow loose," Rasmere said. "I no longer serve you."
"Enough!" Lot roared. "It will be over soon. We wait."
Zathillius whispered to Trevor, "That iz ze brother of Thaddeuz. We'z should take him now."
"Do you seek death on this night, friend? Look at the company he keeps. We may kill him, but we would have no chance of escape," Trevor replied. "It seems that Thaddeus may be an easier target. Shall we go see?"
Trevor and Zathillius snuck along the thin ledge outside of Rand's walls just long enough to get out of sight of Lot and the others. They scaled the wooden wall and leapt down onto the muddy street. Through the black night, they could just make out the shape of three figures.
"This does not look much better," Trevor said. "I do not think that engaging in battle with a Wizard would be wise."
"We'z needz to ztrike. Now!" Zathillius said.
"Very well," Trevor said.
Zathillius pulled his bow from his back and notched an arrow. As he took aim, Locmire placed his hands upon Thaddeus and River's head. The torrential downpour made it difficult to line up a shot, but being the skilled assassin he was, Zathillius, now confident with his shot, let loose his arrow.
When the arrow was a fraction of a second away from impaling Thaddeus, the Human King and Mage collapsed to the ground.
"I mizzed. I never mizz." Zathillius said with a frown. "But zey are on ze ground. No better time to ztrike."
"No!" Trevor said as he stayed Zathillius with his arm. "We need to leave. The time is not right. The odds are against us. We will follow them when they leave."
As they turned to leave, they saw the Wizard blow a hole through the wooden wall.
"What is he doing?" Trevor asked.
A moment later, Locmire had a squealing pig in his arms and stepped through the breach in the wall. When he returned, the pig was nowhere to be seen.
Zathillius and Trevor scaled the wall once more and disappeared out of sight into the darkness.
Chapter 27
Mended
Thaddeus found himself on his knees and elbows. His entire body radiated with pain. It felt like his body had been torn apart and put back together, which it had.
"Stings. Does it not?" Locmire asked.
Thaddeus opened his eyes upon the golden brown sand in front of his face. Fogarth! He made his way to his feet and said, "That was rather uncomfortable, excruciating actually." Looking around at the vast desert, a sense of insignificance came over him. "So, this is Fogarth."
"It is," Locmire replied. "You are the first Human to enter our desert in hundreds of years."
Thaddeus, not accustomed to the dry heat of the desert, felt it press down upon him like a great weight. Sweat poured from every pore of his body, which after a moment, served to cool him. He was glad he was not wearing his armor.
The yellow sun, reflecting off of the golden sands, blinded him for a moment. Thaddeus shielded his eyes with the palm of his hand in an attempt to take in the beauty of the desert.
"What do you think?" Locmire asked with a smile.
"It is breathtaking," Thaddeus replied, wiping his brow. "Never have I seen anything like it. It looks much different than it does from the outside."
"That it does," Locmire replied. "Are you ready?"
"Ready for what?" Thaddeus asked.
"To go inside the tower," Locmire said as he pointed behind Thaddeus.
Thaddeus turned around to find himself face to face with the mysterious golden tower he had so often admired from afar. He always took a moment to gaze upon the tower when he visited the western border of Calencia, but the distant view did not do it justice. The tower was two or three hundred feet tall and half as wide. It appeared to be one solid slab of gold with no breaks in the structure. The door to the tower was bright blue, made from an ore that Thaddeus had never seen.
Thaddeus took a few steps forward to examine the blue ore when Locmire stopped him. "I would not step there," he said. "Follow me."
Locmire approached the door and placed his hand upon it. The blue door disappeared, and they entered the tower. Once inside, the door slammed shut behind them.
Before Locmire could address Thaddeus, a strange creature ran up and wrapped its arms around Locmire. 
"Locmire! Locmire!" the creature called out. "Good. You here. Need you now. Very important!"
"Calm down, Opper," Locmire said as he patted the creature on the head. "What troubles you?"
"Prophecy!" Opper cried. "Bad prophecy. Looker needs you. Reacher try to find Locmire, but could not. Come now!"
"This sounds important, Thaddeus. Follow me," Locmire said.
"Wait," Thaddeus whispered. Locmire turned to him. "What is that thing?"
Locmire smiled. "His name is Opper, and he is a Wailer."
"A Wailer?" Thaddeus asked. "I have never heard of such a creature."
"I am sure. Wailers are found only in Fogarth," Locmire told him. "They are very gentle and loving. Just do not ask them to scream."
"Why not?" Thaddeus inquired.
"They have a powerful set of vocal cords. Many have lost their hearing after a Wailer's scream," Locmire replied.
"Well noted," Thaddeus said.
As they followed Opper through the tower, Thaddeus could not keep his eyes off of this strange creature. Opper was of medium height, three feet tall, maybe. He had short, round, ears that sat on the top of his head. He wore a Wizard's robe with a hole cut out for his hairy tail, and two holes at his back for his wings. Opper's pie shaped face matched his body. His eyes sat a foot higher than his head and joined to thin appendages that grew from his skull. 
When Opper walked it was more like a waddle, slow and awkward. From time to time, the Wailer would fall behind his much quicker companions. Opper would flap his wings a couple of times to catch back up with them.
A strange creature indeed, Thaddeus thought. I wonder what other unusual beings I will encounter here.
Walking through the tower, Thaddeus saw many Wizards, each performing various tasks. Some brewed potions, others scribbled on parchment, and others swept the floors. Thaddeus wondered about the hierarchy of the wizarding world, but he knew one thing for certain; Locmire appeared to be the most important Wizard in the entire tower. Locmire was like a great wind parting the leaves of a tree as he passed.
"Where are we going?" Thaddeus asked. Hopefully it is not much further. He clutched at his stump, grimacing.
"We must go speak with one of the Lookers," Locmire replied. "The Sands of Seeing belong to the twentieth level, we should find him there."
"The twentieth level?" Thaddeus asked. "I do not have the strength to ascend twenty flights of stairs."
Locmire smiled. "We are Wizards. Do you think we have not devised a way to quickly move from one floor to another?"
"I am sure of it," Thaddeus said, cracking a thin smile.
Locmire stopped in front of a large circular object on the floor and stepped onto it. Thaddeus gave him a queer look and hesitated.
"Are you coming?" Locmire asked.
Thaddeus stepped onto the platform. The next thing he knew, he was in another room. This room was much smaller than the ground floor from which he just departed. It was the size of a large bedroom. The room's only occupant was an old Wizard and an ornate pedestal. 
 He hovered above the pedestal and peered into an ornate basin full of sand. The Sands of Seeing. If he noticed Locmire and Thaddeus enter the room, he did not show it. He stood frozen, lost in the Sands.
"Crazin," Locmire said.
The Wizard did not answer.
"Crazin," Locmire said a little louder..
The Wizard whipped around, jaw dropping open at the sight of Locmire.
"Locmire!" he cried. "Thank goodness you are here!" He ran to Locmire and fell onto his knees.
"Stand," Locmire ordered.
Crazin stood and said, "It is very fortunate that you are." He set his eyes upon Thaddeus. Suspiciously, he asked, "Who is this?"
Locmire placed his hand on Thaddeus's shoulder and said, "This is King Thaddeus Graystone, one of The Saviors."
"Pleasure to meet you," Thaddeus said as he extended his hand.
Crazin did not reciprocate the kind gesture.
"You are injured," Crazin said, referring to Thaddeus's arm. He hurried to change the subject. "Have you found the others?"
"All but one," Locmire said. "But the others are on their way to her at this moment."
"Do you think it wise to bring a Human into our desert?" Crazin asked.
"Do not question my judgment," Locmire said.
Thaddeus could tell that Crazin had over stepped his boundaries by his panic stricken face.
"I. . . I. . . didn't mean to. . . I wasn't trying to. . . I'm sorry," Crazin finally choked out.
"No harm was done," Locmire said. "What is this about a new glimpse of the prophecy?"
Crazin's face grew cold. His eyes teared up, and the corners of his lips trembled. It took several moments before he became able to speak. "Would you hear of the entire prophecy or just the-"
"Just the short version will suffice," Locmire interjected.
"We tried to make contact with you, but the Reachers couldn't pinpoint your location," Crazin said as he paced back and forth. "Locmire. . . the new prophecy showed the fall of Fogarth."
An eerie silence tickled Thaddeus's spine. Fogarth will fall? If Hasbarie is capable of destroying Fogarth, how does the rest of Calencia stand a chance?
"How?" Locmire asked.
"Hasbarie," Crazin paused. "His evils storm the desert."
"How can they navigate their way through the desert?" Thaddeus asked. "No one has ever entered Fogarth uninvited."
"That I do not know. The prophecy was a rather long one, but most of it I had seen before. It showed the Great War in its entirety, the fall of Morgorath, and the fall of Fogarth," Crazin said.
"What did it show of Morgorath?" Locmire asked.
"Nothing really. Just the kingdom engulfed in a pile of rubble," Crazin said.
"When will Fogarth fall?" Locmire asked.
"Soon," Crazin replied with a quivering voice.
"We can stop him!" Thaddeus exclaimed.
"No!" Locmire said. "We must carry on with our quest. Fogarth will be a casualty for the greater good."
"You cannot be serious?" Thaddeus asked.
"He serious," Opper chimed. "Locmire always serious."
"Opper is right," Locmire said. "I am serious. We must do what we came here to do and return to Dead Marsh."
"You cannot consider letting your own home fall to Hasbarie." Thaddeus grabbed Locmire by the arm. "We must stay and defend Fogarth!"
"We have more important matters to deal with," Locmire said. "I will hear no more of this."
A bitter concoction of anger, sadness, fear, and helplessness brewed inside Thaddeus.
"Have you spoken with the Mazzers?" Locmire asked.
"Yes. They are preparing as we speak," Crazin said.
"Good. We must go speak with them and the Menders. As you can see, Thaddeus has suffered an unfortunate accident. I assume they will have something to help him," Locmire said.
"Almost certainly," Crazin replied.
"You must leave Fogarth at once," Locmire said. "Take the Sands and leave as soon as possible. The Sands must be protected at all costs."
"Where should I go?" Crazin asked.
"I think you know," Locmire said. "Leave at once."
"Should I seek Jagnar?" Crazin asked.
"At once," Locmire said as he placed his hands on Crazin's shoulders. Crazin returned the gesture and pressed his forehead into Locmire's.
"Good travels," Crazin said.
"Good travels," Locmire returned.
Locmire released Crazin and stood on the teleportation device once more.
"Come with me, Thaddeus," Locmire said.
"Opper too?" Opper asked, jumping up and down like an excited child.
"Yes, Opper too," Locmire said with a smile.
Thaddeus and Opper stood next to Locmire and disappeared once more.
Thaddeus found himself in another room with three Wizards standing next to a round table in the center. Shelves that held a great number of books lined the room. Workbenches sat around the bottom of the walls. Numerous alembics, jars of unknown substances, and various tools with which Thaddeus was unfamiliar sat atop them. 
One of the Wizards turned around to find Locmire standing behind him. His eyebrows arched and his mouth dropped open.
"Locmire!" he called out. "It is so good to see you."
"You as well, Jatin," Locmire said. "Torrin, Blaustir, how do you fare?"
"Good," Torrin replied.
Blaustir nodded his head.
"Thaddeus, these are the Menders. They are Fogarth's most talented healers. They can fix almost anything," Locmire said.
"You are too kind," Torrin said.
"I am sure you three know Opper," Locmire said as he patted Opper's head. "I would like to introduce you to King Thaddeus Graystone of Galdarath."
Thaddeus took a step forward and said, "Nice to meet you," not extending his hand for fear of another embarrassing moment.
"What happened to your arm?" Torrin asked, grasping him by the stump. Thaddeus grimaced in pain.
"That is the reason we are here," Locmire answered. "I had to remove it after an unfortunate encounter with a Cold Heart."
"A Cold Heart," Jatin stated. "Count yourself lucky."
"Is there anything you can do?" Locmire asked. "We need Thaddeus at his best."
"I have been tinkering with something," Blaustir said, dully. "You should find it suitable."
"Is it stable?" Locmire asked.
"Probably," Blaustir said, as he rummaged through a large trunk. Where is that blasted thing? "Jatin! Where did you put it?"
"Put what?" Jatin asked.
"You know. The thing!" Blaustir said.
"I have no-"
"Found it!" Blaustir exclaimed. He held up a bright blue, metal band, two foot in diameter and accented with intricate scroll work.
"What is it?" Thaddeus asked.
"The answer to your problems . . . hopefully," Blaustir said. "Come over here and lie on the table."
Thaddeus looked to Locmire and received his nod of approval. He walked over and lay down on the table. "Will this be painful?" Thaddeus asked.
"Only for a moment," Blaustir replied. "You will feel a burning sensation, but that should be the extent of it. This is a relatively new invention, and I have not had sufficient time to test it, although I have had success on another occasion. The worst case scenario is that your body does not respond well to it and we remove it."
"Let us get this over with," Thaddeus said.
Jatin and Torrin strapped Thaddeus down to the table and exposed his stump. Blaustir placed the band around Thaddeus's residual limb. At first the band was much larger than his arm, but it shrank down and became tight around the upper half of his bicep.
Thaddeus clenched his teeth and slammed his eyes shut. What felt like fire ran through his arm and inside of his head. His entire body went rigid. The pain was so intense, his mind shut down, and he lost all recollection of what happened next. After what seemed like hours, the pain eased. Thaddeus felt the straps around his arms and legs loosen. The muscles around his mouth relaxed, and he eased open his eyes. He rolled over and sat on the edge of the table.
"How do you feel?" Locmire asked.
"I would say that was more than a little burning sensation," Thaddeus replied.
"Well?" Blaustir asked, rubbing his hands together. "It's good. Right?"
Thaddeus looked down and saw he was no longer missing a limb. The blue band transformed into an arm. He considered his new arm as he moved it through the planes of motion. The elbow and fingers seemed to be functioning. His new arm was almost transparent if not for the blue hue.
"Here," Locmire said as he threw Thaddeus one of his dragon bone short swords. 
The King caught it in his new hand. He stood and whirled the sword around testing his reflexes. He lunged, slashed, and chopped the air.
 Just like before. "This is magnificent," Thaddeus said. "What kind of magic is this?"
"The band is made from craszik, a magical ore found only in Fogarth," Blaustir said. "The magic formed the arm and connected it to your nervous system. That was the intense heat you experienced."
"It was not heat that I experienced," Thaddeus said. "It was more like dragon's fire."
Blaustir smiled, "I did not want to tell you of the pain beforehand."
"I would rather you did," Thaddeus said.
"What are the properties of his new arm?" Locmire asked.
"His new arm can never be destroyed. Although it is connected with his nervous system, no pain will ever be felt. You could fall asleep with your arm in the fire and sleep like a baby," Blaustir said. "This arm can also be used as a weapon. If you ever find yourself without your sword, just use the arm. Your strikes will be much more forceful, and you will have greater strength in the arm."
"Here," Torrin said. "Test it." Torrin pushed an old wooden table in front of Thaddeus. Jatin and Blaustir retrieved a foot thick slab of marble and placed it on the table. "There," Torrin said.
"What do you want me to do with it?" Thaddeus asked.
"Hit it," Torrin said.
Thaddeus squared up with the marble slab and tapped his blue fist against its surface. "Are you sure?" Thaddeus asked.
The three Menders’ nodded.
Thaddeus drew back his arm and slammed his fist into the marble slab. Not only did the slab break in half, but it turned into a fine powder at the point where his fist made contact. Thaddeus's arm drove through the marble slab as well as the wooden table. Bits of wood and marble came crashing down onto the floor. Once the dust cleared, Thaddeus looked at his new arm. There was not even a scratch on it.
"Amazing," Thaddeus said, flexing his new fingers. "I did not feel a thing."
"Is there anything else we need to know?" Locmire asked.
Blaustir replied, "No. You can leave whenever you desire."
"Thank you, Blaustir," Thaddeus replied. "You will never realize how much this means to me."
"I think I will," Blaustir replied as he lifted his robes, exposing his lower leg. 
Thaddeus stared at Blaustir's blue, translucent, leg. He gave Blaustir a nod and smile.
"We thank you," Locmire said. "It is time for us to pay a visit to the Mazzers. Take care, old friends."
Once again, Thaddeus, Opper, and Locmire stood on the teleportation device and disappeared.
The new room Thaddeus found himself in was quite unlike the others. The previous sections of the golden tower that Thaddeus visited were well lit and neat. This room was dark and dingy. Thaddeus wrinkled his nose at the strong smell of mildew.
"Where are we now?" Thaddeus asked.
"Dungeon. Mazzers here," Opper said.
"As Opper stated, we are in the dungeons. This is where the Mazzers reside," Locmire said.
"They do not seem like a very welcoming bunch," Thaddeus said.
Locmire took Thaddeus by the shoulder, turned him around, and looked him in the eyes. 
"I will tell you something, and only tell it once," Locmire said in a low, serious tone. "The Mazzers are not to be trifled with. Do not provoke them or disrespect them. Better yet, do not even speak unless spoken to."
"Do not worry, Locmire. I can get along with most anyone," Thaddeus replied.
"You do not understand. The Mazzers are the mightiest warriors Calencia has ever known and they are quick to anger." Locmire gave him an earnest look. "If an altercation would occur, I could not help you. Wizards have vowed to never raise their hands against another Wizard."
"Do you doubt my ability in combat?" Thaddeus questioned. "Not that I plan on inciting an altercation with them, but I will not stand by as someone threatens me or shows me ill will."
"Thaddeus, I am asking you as a friend . . . you must overlook any rudeness they may show you. They have been looking for a reason to engage in combat for the past five hundred years."
Thaddeus could tell by the look on Locmire's face that he was worried. In and out. I can tolerate anyone for a few minutes. Besides, how hostile could they be?
They walked down a narrow corridor with torches lit here and there, with a few rooms on either side of them. Thaddeus peered inside of one of them. It was almost empty, except for a cot and a bucket that sat in the corner. 
I wonder who stays in here? Prisoners perhaps? Thaddeus thought. 
The song of blades echoed throughout the dungeon. He heard other sounds that could only be compared to that of Locmire's spells. Further along, he could hear voices, with one standing out above the rest. A person with a deep tone barked out orders one after another. Every time he spoke, the sound of clashing blades grew louder and faster.
They followed the corridor to its end and came into a large room. Decorative shields and weaponry lined the walls. A combat ring sat in the center of the room. Inside the ring five warriors, the Mazzers, engaged in a fierce sparring session which, to Thaddeus, looked more like an actual battle. 
"Halt!" Caussius ordered. The five warriors became motionless. "Rest."
The Mazzers placed their weapons on the ground and exited the room.
"Locmire," Caussius said. "What a pleasant surprise."
"Good to see you, Caussius," Locmire replied. "I see the Mazzers are in training, as always."
"I assume you have spoken with Crazin?" Caussius asked.
"Yes." Locmire frowned. "Yes I have."
"Have you come to help?" Caussius asked.
"Sadly, no. I have other matters with which I must attend," Locmire answered.
Caussius's face became rigid and his nostrils flared with each breath.
"I should not have expected you to stay," Caussius said. "Why are you here?"
"It is not that simple. I have other work to do. Fogarth will fall regardless. I can at least attempt to save Calencia," Locmire answered.
With a smile, Caussius said, "Ah, Calencia. If you cared as much for Fogarth as you did Calencia-"
"Do not ever question my love of Fogarth and its people. Have you forgotten to whom you are speaking?" Locmire asked. "Why are you so ill tempered?"
"The time for the Mazzers to do what we have been bred for is at hand. Yet, it is a hopeless situation." Caussius paced the floor. "We are going into this battle knowing that it will be the death of us all. There is no hope. And you have the nerve to ask me why I am so ill tempered."
"I promise you I will return as soon as I can," Locmire said.
Caussius's eyes came alive as if he had been in a daze. He finally noticed the stranger standing behind Locmire.
"Who is this?" Caussius asked.
"This is King Thaddeus Graystone of Galdarath," Locmire said.
Thaddeus stepped forward and extended his hand. Caussius stared a hole through him. The corners of his lips dropped and his brow narrowed.
I guess Wizards do not shake hands, Thaddeus thought.
"So, this is the Human for whom you are abandoning your home?" Caussius asked.
"Caussius, you are being unreasonable," Locmire replied.
"Is this man such a weakling that you must protect him at all times? Can he not defend his own kingdom?" Caussius asked.
Locmire began to reply, but Thaddeus had heard enough.
"I understand why you are angry. I would be angry myself. While I understand your position, I will not stand by as you insult me and my kingdom. Stay your tongue, or I will stay it for you," Thaddeus said, coming face to face with Caussius.
"Come, Thaddeus. It is time for us to depart," Locmire said as he took King Graystone by the arm.
"No!" Caussius roared. "No one threatens me."
With his raised tone, the Mazzers rushed to Caussius's side.
"Caussius, we have all been through trying times as of late. Tempers flare and emotions run wild. I ask you not to do this," Locmire pleaded.
"It is too late for words," Caussius said. "Prepare yourself for combat, Human."
"I was hoping you would give me the invite," Thaddeus said.
King Graystone walked to the center of the practice ring. "My other sword," he called to Locmire.
Locmire tossed Thaddeus's other sword and turned his back to him.
Caussius met Thaddeus in the ring wielding a scimitar in one hand, and a deadwood scepter in the other. He wore a blue suit of armor that glowed with a yellow light. Thaddeus wore only breeches and a tunic.
"Take off your armor," Thaddeus said.
Caussius gave him a lengthy grin, "Certainly."
Caussius removed his armor, not taking his eyes off of King Graystone, and handed it to Jasix.
"Is there anything else you would like me to be without? My scimitar perhaps?" Caussius chided.
"Just evening the playing field," Thaddeus returned, smiling.
"If you want an even playing field, I should take leave," Caussius said, laughing.
Thaddeus twirled his short swords, once, and asked, "Are you ready?"
With that, Caussius charged at Thaddeus, unleashing a violent barrage of strikes. Thaddeus checked each one.
 My new arm is serving me well. 
He came at Caussius with a flurry of his own, which Caussius ducked and dodged with little effort.
"You will have to be faster than that," Caussius said, leaping into the air and came crashing down with his scimitar.
Thaddeus brought his swords up and together, catching Caussius's scimitar between the X of his blades. Caussius smiled and touched his scepter against Thaddeus's stomach. Thaddeus dropped his blades and sailed through the air. The King slammed into the wall behind him.
Thaddeus picked himself up and made to gather his blades, but Caussius charged him once more. Thaddeus fell to his knees in an attempt to draw breath. Caussius rushed in with his scimitar held high. He brought it down upon Thaddeus. King Graystone caught the blade in his new hand. Caussius's eyes doubled in size. Thaddeus slammed his fist into Caussius's jaw. The Mazzer stumbled. Thaddeus rose and struck him again, this time in the chest with his blue fist. The wind left Caussius's body as he flew backward through the air. 
When Caussius awoke, he found Jasix, Nabee, Vaden, Boll, and Yestin hovering above him.
"What happened?" Caussius asked as he came to a seated position.
Panic set in on the Mazzers' faces. They looked to one another, but none of them spoke.
"You picked a fight with the wrong Human," Locmire said.
"So it seems," Caussius replied as he rubbed his chest. "What happened?"
"He won," Locmire said.
Caussius laughed out.
Thaddeus stood above Caussius. He held out his blue arm to help Caussius from the ground. He hesitated for a moment, then took Thaddeus's hand and pulled himself back onto his feet.
"It seems that I had underestimated you, King Graystone. My apologies," Caussius said.
"There is no need for apologies," Thaddeus said. "Are we good?"
"Yes, we are good. You have proven to be a great warrior, Thaddeus Graystone," Caussius said.
"I fear it is time for us to depart. Caussius, we will return to Fogarth as soon as possible. I just hope it is not too late," Locmire said.
"I think you know the answer to that," Caussius replied. "Good travels, Locmire."
"Fogarth will be in my thoughts. Defend our home well," Locmire said.
As Locmire, Opper, and Thaddeus stood on the teleportation platform, Caussius called out to them one last time.
"Locmire!"
"Yes, Caussius," the Wizard replied.
"Destroy the Dark Wizard if it is the last thing you do. Do not let this evil consume Calencia," Caussius said.
"That is our plan," Locmire answered, as he disappeared out of sight.
Thaddeus found himself at the entrance to the tower. Their journey to Fogarth was coming to an end.
"Are we leaving?" Thaddeus asked.
"Yes," Locmire said. "We need to meet back up with the others."
"No!" Opper cried. "Locmire do not leave again. No leave, Locmire!"
The Wizard knelt next to him. 
"Opper, I am sorry but we must leave. My duty lies elsewhere."
"Opper go with Locmire!" he exclaimed.
"I am sorry, Opper, but it is too dangerous. You cannot come with us," Locmire replied.
The Wailer dropped his head and his eyes hung low. He whimpered and said, "Opper wait for Locmire."
"No, Opper. You must leave Fogarth," Locmire said. "Go with the Looker. If he has already left, seek Jamner. He can keep you safe."
Opper's eyes shot straight up and his mouth gaped open. "Opper likes Jamner. Opper will go to him. Come find Opper when Locmire comes back to Fogarth."
"I will come to you as soon as possible," Locmire said as he patted the Wailer on his slimy head. "Take care, Opper."
"You stay unharmed, Locmire," Opper said. He turned to King Thaddeus. "You are good, King. Be good to Locmire and he will be good to you."
"It was nice to meet you, Opper. I hope I have the pleasure once again," Thaddeus said.
"Goodbye," Opper said, as he touched the door and exited for the desert.
"He is most unusual," Thaddeus said.
"That he is. Opper is the kindest hearted creature you will ever have the pleasure of meeting. If only we could all be like him," Locmire said, as he led Thaddeus out of the golden tower.
"Locmire," Thaddeus said. "Who are Jagnar and Jamner?"
"Those are tales for another time," Locmire said, smiling.
The Wizard dug into the pocket of his robe and produced a teleportation stone.
"Ready?" he asked.
"No," Thaddeus replied with a smile. "But if we must."
Thaddeus stood next to Locmire, and they vanished.
Chapter 28
Dead Marsh

"It should not be much further now," Lot said, looking up at the sun. "We will arrive by midday."
"Me sure hopes so," Red said. "Thar be's too much walkin fur me."
"I could help with the amount of walking you must do," Urganox stated.
"How?" Red asked.
"I can kick you for the rest of the trip," Urganox laughed.
"Juss try it, goat man," Red replied as the entire party, including Azonis and Rasmere, burst into laughter.
We are fortunate to have Red along with us, Lot thought as a big grin grew on his face.
The closer they came to Dead Marsh, the softer the ground became. Water filled their tracks with every step they took. Small streams and rivers were on either side of the road, and an abundance of vegetation grew in the moist fields leading into the marsh. 
"Just over this bridge is Dead Marsh," Lot called out. "Follow my lead closely. Do not stray from my path. The Raptilians lay many traps throughout the marsh. I doubt very few of them deadly, but we should try to avoid them all the same."
"If we follow the road we should be safe," Azonis said.
"After last night's rain, the marsh is flooded. I doubt we find the road," Rasmere answered.
"I forgot about that," Azonis replied, stroking his chin. "Lead on then."
Caleb said, "I am ready." He transformed into a squirrel and climbed onto Lot's shoulder.
Lot laughed, "I should have you turn into a large bird and fly me to the village."
The squirrel turned his furry head from side to side, looking at him queerly.
"I should be the one getting help," Oggy called out. "A hand please."
The tiny Dainty wiggled and fought in the chest deep muck, well, chest deep for a Dainty.
"I got ya," King Skullsplitter said, plucking Oggy from the mud and setting him on his shoulder.
"Thank you," Oggy said. "I do not think I would have made it very far."
"How cute," Red laughed.
"Cute, eh?" Oggy said. "You will hold your tongue if you know what is good for you!"
"That is enough, you three. Come on," Lot said as he set off into the marsh.
River, sloshed through the watery mud, hurrying to catch Lot. 
"Have you been here before?" she asked.
"A few times," Lot replied. "You?"
"Never," River said. "But I have always wanted to."
"One of your desires will be filled today," Lot said.
"What of my other desires?"
Lot's face flushed red. He trudged on through the marsh choosing not to answer River's question, at least not yet anyway. She followed hot on his heels with an inerasable smile.
Azonis and Rasmere were in the back of the line a few feet apart. The silence between the two of them became more than Azonis could bear.
"What will it take?" Azonis asked.
Rasmere turned to him. Frowning, he asked, "What?"
"What will it take to mend our friendship?" Azonis asked.
He does not understand. It is time to end these talks once and for all. "For a friendship to be mended, there had to be a friendship to begin with," Rasmere said, cold and sharp. "There has never been friendship between the two of us. Only a relationship, that of master and servant."
"Come now, Rasmere," Azonis replied. "Was there not a time when you considered me a friend?"
"No," Rasmere said.
"Remember the times we spent battling the Hoggins," Azonis said. "You cannot tell me we did not share a friendship."
"We did not," Rasmere replied.
"Listen," Azonis said as he took Rasmere by the shoulder. "I know that I have wronged you and your people in many ways. There is no denying that. I am trying very hard to right this wrong. It is difficult for me to admit fault."
"That has always been the problem. You have always thought of the Forest Engeniums as another people, when in fact, we are your people as well. You rule over the High Engeniums with compassion and kindness. If you would ever have shown the same treatment to the Forest Engeniums we would not be having this conversation," Rasmere said, voice quavering, but out of anger rather than nervousness. "There was potential for our people to become one cohesive unit and live peacefully together. The Forest Engeniums do not require the riches or elaborate homes that the High Engeniums do. We do not seek wealth or fame. It would have been easy for us to coexist, but your kind chose not to. All the Forest Engeniums ever wanted was to be treated fairly, a request that your kind would not afford."
Rasmere was taken aback when he saw an expression on Azonis's face he had never seen before. . . regret.
"Rasmere, it's not that simple," Azonis said.
"Actually, it is," Rasmere replied.
"This is the way it has always been. How could I change something that has been taking place for the better part of a millennium?" Azonis asked.
"Easy," Rasmere said. "You could have made a simple decree that would have changed everything. Sure, you would be questioned and scrutinized, but it was not like you would have been dethroned. Within a few hundred years all would have been forgotten."
"I agree," Azonis said without a hint of hesitation. "I could have done these things, but I did not. I am asking you today, Engenium to Engenium, what can I do to right these wrongs?"
"Freeing my people would be a good start," Rasmere blurted out.
"Done," Azonis said. "As soon as we reach Lasticall I will sign the decree to end the unfair treatment of the Forest Engeniums. I will even grant them extra lands and a stake in the gold mine. I will equally employee High Engeniums and Forest Engeniums in the gold mines at a substantial rate of pay if any are willing."
"No!" Rasmere exclaimed. "The mines are the anchor that binds my people to a life of slavery. We want no part of the mines."
"Done," Azonis said. "Anything else?"
"I doubt you intend to follow through with these promises. I will not force you to tell me any more falsehoods," Rasmere replied.
"No one has forced me to make any promises, as you know I cannot be forced into any situation I am not willing to enter," Azonis said. "I am offering this small token as a beginning to mending our people's relationship."
"If these things are true. . . and you genuinely want this. . ." Rasmere stood silent for a moment. "Then this is a good start."
"All I ask is for a chance to make these things right and forge a friendship between the two of us," Azonis said. "And you may not believe it, but I have often considered you a friend."
"The High Engeniums made these promises to my people before. Why should this promise prove any different?" Rasmere asked.
Azonis did not answer at once, and this pleased Rasmere. If Azonis answered promptly, Rasmere would not have believed him.
After a minute, Azonis replied, "There are no words I can say to make you hold faith in what I say. The only thing I can tell you are my actions will speak louder than my words. You will see, Rasmere. I will follow through with my promise."
Rasmere stood motionless, mulling over Azonis's words. He grinned and said, "If this is how you treat your friends, I do not wish to be your enemy. I will hold you to your word. I will also attempt to soften my heart toward you, but do not expect this transformation to happen overnight. A great distance lies between the two of us, and such a gap cannot be crossed in a short amount of time."
"That is all I ask," Azonis said. "Thank you, Rasmere."
"Hey!" Oggy shouted. "You two better catch up before you step somewhere you don't want."
"We are coming," Azonis replied.
As they hurried to catch up with the others, a voice called out to them from within the marsh.
"Halt! What buzinezz do you haz in ze Dead Marzh?"
"Lot," Urganox said. "Let me speak with them. I am on good terms with the Raptilians."
"Very well," Lot replied.
"I am King Urganox Skullsplitter from Morgorath," he called out to the unknown voice. "I am traveling with the Sestian of Lasticall, the King of Mt. Pizenchaffe, King Thaddeus Graystone's brother, Lot Caskill, and three of our trusted companions. We seek an audience with Queen Venumroot."
"Ze Brazurkin King iz dead!" the voice replied. "Who iz you, really?"
"It is I, King Urganox Skullsplitter, and I do not have time to play games with you. Take me to see Jeszekia, at once!" he exclaimed.
In the blink of an eye fifty or more camouflaged Raptilians appeared from within the marsh and surrounded them. They wore armor made from bone with bits and pieces of leather bound over their vital organs. Their barbed tails had long, razor sharp, blades bound to them. 
A handful of the Raptilians approached Urganox, and the others, carrying barbed tridents, while the other Raptilians stayed at a distance with their blowguns readied.
"Iz zit really you?" one of them asked.
"Yes, it's really me, Frayzur," Urganox replied.
Frayzur was the commander of the Raptilian army and the most respected and feared Raptilian in all of Dead Marsh, next to Queen Venumroot. Frayzur and Urganox were almost always friendly with one another, but at times had not seen eye to eye, mostly over Queen Venumroot.
 Frayzur loved Jeszekia, and he made sure that everyone knew it. That love caused harsh feelings toward Urganox, especially since Frayzur knew Jeszekia fancied the Brazurkin King. As bitter as he was, he could never act on his anger. He could never disobey his 	Queen's orders. 
"Queen Venumroot haz been worried zick over you. Zhe waz lead to believe zat you waz dead," Frayzur informed him.
"So, news of Morgorath has traveled this far south. She should know not to worry. A mountain is no match for me," Urganox said standing tall and proud.
"If you iz done gloating, follow me. Jeszekia will want to zee you," Frayzur replied.
Frayzur lead them through the marsh in a most erratic pattern, often times crossing ground they had crossed only moments ago. 
Lot's keen eye alerted him as to why. I have never seen so many traps in my entire life.
"If you do not mind me asking, why are there so many traps laid in the marsh? It would be easy for a traveler or merchant to stray from the beaten path and become entangled in one of these elaborate devices, would it not?" Lot asked.
"I will let Jezzekia anzwer theze queztionz, but I can tellz you zat zere iz a bad feeling in ze marzh. Zumzing iz not right," Frayzur replied.
"What do you mean?" Urganox asked.
"Ze air. Zumzing in ze air iz telling uz that dark timez are upon uz," Frayzur replied. "Jezzekia haz ordered extra patrolz in ze marzh and increazed zecurity."
"Well, pick up the pace then," Urganox said. "We should waste no time."
They arrived in Dead Marsh after midday. The sun sparkled off of the high standing water around the village. The entire marsh was flooded, except for the actual village. Inside of the tall wooden walls that surrounded Dead Marsh, it was relatively normal. There were just a few extra inches of water inside of the village. The trenches and dams around Dead Marsh did a splendid job of diverting the water away from the village.
"Open ze gatez," Frayzur called out.
 Two, twenty foot high, wooden gates crept open.
Jeszekia heard Frayzur order the gates to be opened. She stood on the porch of her hut awaiting his arrival.
Jeszekia watched Frayzur enter the village. She saw he was not alone. She recognized two of his companions to be Azonis Ferrini, the Sestian of Lasticall, and Rasmere Elmidas, his Sword. The others were unfamiliar to her. 
Where iz King Thaddeuz Grayztone. 
She watched with great curiosity as they came into her kingdom, single file. 
What kind of beazt iz zat? Zurely zat could not be a Hormut. They haz been. . . Urganox? No, it cannot be.
When Urganox entered the village, the first place his eyes fell were upon Jeszekia's hut. 
And there she is, he thought.
"Queen Venumroot," he called. "It is good to see you."
Her blood boiled. Even her scales felt hot as a rush of anger swept over her. Her tail beat against the floor of the porch, a nervous habit she had since she was a child. She blinked as tears erupted against the bamboo of her porch. The gills on her neck flared as she struggled to draw breath.
"Jeszekia, is something wrong?" Urganox asked.
"It iz really you," she whispered.
Suddenly her moment of great relief vanished. She leapt from the porch and landed in the soft mud. She dashed toward King Urganox, and he did the same. When they were feet apart, Urganox opened his arms to receive her, instead he received a lash from her powerful tail. She struck him across the face and chest. The sound of her tail colliding with his rock hard physique sounded like the splat one makes when they make one too many rotations after jumping from a cliff and landing belly first in the water.
Urganox did not lose his footing entirely, but he stumbled several times before he could regain his balance.
"What in the world are you doing, Jeszekia?" Urganox asked before she slapped him again with her tail.
"You zelf zentered, carelezz, inconziderate brute. How dare you pretendz to be dead? I waz worried zick!" she exclaimed.
"Jeszekia," Urganox said right before ducked another swing of her tail. "I have not pretended to be dead. What are you talking about?"
"Your kingdom haz fallen, and you did not zend me word zat you were alive!" she cried out as she charged him once more.
"Haha!" Red laughed. "Dis eer be's da most entertainment dat me seen in a long time!"
"Oggy, good thing you climbed off of his back," Lot said, chuckling.
"Should we step in?" River asked.
"Never get in the middle of a lovers' quarrel," Azonis said.
"You do not think this is a lovers' quarrel, do you?" River inquired.
"It does appear that way," Rasmere said. "Right now it looks like she is getting the better of him."
"Would you stop slapping me with your tail!" Urganox yelled, shielding himself with his arms.
"Fine!" Jeszekia said, out of breath.
She turned away, but spun back around and drove her fist into Urganox's nose.
"Would you stop for a moment!" Urganox demanded.
She punched him in the face several more times before he reacted. Urganox ducked one of her blows and tackled her to the ground. As she fell on her back, she put her legs on his hips and flipped him over her head. He slid through the muck and before he made it to his feet, she was atop him. She grabbed him by the face and pressed her lips against his.
Pulling away, she said, "I iz zo glad zat you are alive."
"Well you sure have an unusual way of showing it," Urganox replied.
"Did she just kiss him?" River asked in a hush.
"She did," Lot answered.
Red whispered in Lot's ear. "Looks like love is in da air."
"Shut up, Red," Lot retorted.
Every eye in the marsh was upon them. A few Raptilians, Frayzur in particular, had suspicions there was more to Jeszekia and Urganox's relationship. Their reunion laid those suspicions to rest. 
"This may or may not be good," Azonis said in Oggy's ear.
"Why not?" Oggy asked.
"She is Raptilian, and he is Brazurkin," Azonis replied.
"Ohhh," Oggy said. "Is this type of relationship still frowned upon?"
"Much has changed in Calencia, but not everything," Azonis said.
"She is the Raptilian Queen, and he is the Brazurkin King," Rasmere interjected. "Who is there to oppose them?"
With a smile, Azonis said, "Absolutely no one."
Urganox rolled Jeszekia off of him and stood. He held out his hand and pulled her onto her feet.
"It is good to see you, Jeszekia," he said.
"And you," she said. "Are you going to introduze me to your friendz?"
"Certainly," Urganox said.
Urganox introduced his companions, and each of them told Jeszekia how pleased they were to meet her. She returned the pleasantries and offered them food and swamp wine. Frayzur returned to the marshes as they retreated to Jeszekia's hut.

A Human wearing torn rags wandered through the marsh, bare footed. He walked as if being lead on a leash by an invisible force. He navigated his way past the traps laid to protect the marsh, not slowing down to even plan his next step. His milky white skin clashed against the surroundings of the marsh like a black bear in a snow storm.
"Who iz thiz man?" a Raptilian whispered.
"I doez not know, but he zhould not be here," another Raptilian answered. "We'z zhould go and ezcort him out of ze marzh."
The Raptilians came out of hiding and approached the ragged man. He did not acknowledge them when they called out to him. Even when they tapped him on the shoulder, he did not turn.
The Raptilians shared an eerie look of suspicion and confusion.
"Excuze me, but you muzt leavez from here. It iz not zafe," the Raptilian said as he grasped the man's shoulder and turned him around.
The man's onyx colored eyes caused the Raptilians to take a step back. His face was white; his cheek bones protruded through his skin. Black, rotted teeth filled his gaping mouth.
Before the Raptilians could react, the man let out a deep, booming, laugh and raised his arms above his head. The water in the swamp churned, almost boiled, around them. A cold darkness surrounded the man and spread throughout the swamp. Two large hands erupted from the ground and grabbed the unaware Raptilians, dragging them down into the murky depths.
Chapter 29
The Siege of Dead Marsh
Jeszekia sat on her throne listening to Urganox and the others tell her of the events taking place throughout Calencia, the prophecy, and whatever information they knew about the part they would all play. She, just like the others, wanted to speak with Locmire to learn more of the prophecy, but she did not object to leaving her crown behind in an attempt to save Calencia.
"Zo, what iz ze next ztep?" Jeszekia asked.
"Locmire and Thaddeus should be here soon," Lot said. "Know that when we are all together, Locmire promised to tell us of the entire prophecy."
"He better fulfill his promise," Urganox said. "I am tired of being left in the dark."
"Why haz he not told you the entirety of ze prophezy?" Jeszekia asked.
"He says he would rather have us together and answer all questions at once," Oggy replied. "Or at least that is what he has led me to believe."
"Why do you have so many of your people patrolling the marsh?" Urganox asked. "Have you seen anything out of the ordinary?" 
"No. I haz not zeen anyzhing, but rather a feeling zat I have," Jeszekia said, her tail tapping the floor. "Zumthing iz not right."
"Hasbarie has attacked all the kingdoms, except for Pizenchaffe and Dead Marsh. He could lay siege to either kingdom at any given moment," Lot said. "If he attacks Dead Marsh, he will be in for a surprise."
"I believe the opposite," River stated.
"What do you mean?" Lot asked.
"I believe that he knows we are all here," River said. "If so, he will send a great number of his forces if he decides to attack us."
"Or he could be sendin dem ta Pizerchaf. Thar not be's many under da mountain to defend it," Red said.
Oggy's face grew grim. He had not thought of this, but now that the Pirate mentioned it, it weighed heavy on his soul.
"Why would you say something like that, Red?" River asked.
"What?" Red asked, throwing his hands in the air. "Ye said da same ting bout Dead Marsh."
"You need to learn to keep your thoughts to yourself sometimes," Urganox said.
"Either way, we will come face to face with him soon enough," Lot said. "I hope Thaddeus and Locmire return. I want to get this over with as soon as we can."
"Would ye look at dat!" Red exclaimed. 
"What?" Lot asked.
Looking out the window, Red said, "Da whole sky be's black. Lookin like night time out thar."
"Prepare yourselves," Lot ordered as he looked out the window. "He is here."
Even though it was midday, the sky grew black. The trees swayed back and forth, dancing to the rhythm of the wind. 
"Perhaps another storm?" Oggy asked.
"No," Lot said. "Something much worse."
"Let'z go outzide. I needz to have my troopz prepare," Jeszekia said.
They exited her hut to find themselves in the middle of a near blackout. The darkness blotting out the sun was like a thick blanket.
Above the violent wind, desperate pleas and shouts came from the other side of the wooden walls, accompanied by moans and shrieks echoing across the marsh.
Oggy shivered. "What do you suppose it is?" 
"The Breathless, Shadow Men, who knows what else," Lot said.
Oggy scratched his head. What are Shadow Men?
"Come to ze gatez!" Jeszekia cried as she stormed off. "We'z muzt open ze gatez and let my people in!"
"No!" Urganox called to her. "It is too dangerous to open the gates!"
"I can check it out," Caleb said to Lot. "Want me to go?"
 "Yes." He paused as another scream came from beyond the gate. "But be careful." 
Like so many times before, Caleb jumped into the air and soared over the gates to survey the situation.
He was only in the air for a moment when his heart pounded from his chest. Fifty or less Raptilians raced toward the village. Right behind them, like a giant wave advancing to the shore, a thousand or more of Hasbarie's troops were in hot pursuit.
Urganox argued with Jeszekia at the gates, pleading with her to not open them when Caleb touched down beside them.
"Thousands of them," he panted, chest heaving like a bellow. "They are everywhere."
"Can my people be let inzide?" Jeszekia asked.
"If we can close the gates fast enough," he paused. "Possibly."
"Open ze gatez!" Jeszekia ordered. "Take to the top of ze wall. Hold them off az long az pozzible."
Raptilians lined the top of the wall armed with their blowguns and poisonous darts. About thirty Raptilians scrambled toward the gate.
Dezide with your brain, not your heart. "They will never make it in time," Jeszekia said softly. "Cloze ze gatez."
The Raptilian guards did not move, only stared at Jeszekia in horror at the order she gave them.
"You heard me!" She ordered them once more. "Cloze ze gatez! Now!"
"Wait!" River cried. "I think I can help."
"How?" Jeszekia asked, turning to her.
"Just trust me," River replied as she stepped through the gate.
"River!" Azonis called as he ran to her. "What are you doing?"
"Giving them some extra time," she replied with a smile.
"I am coming with you," he told her. "You must be careful. Do not expend your magic on one spell. We will need you in the upcoming battle."
"I won't," she told him. "Come on if you are coming. Time is short."
"I am coming too," Rasmere said as he fell in beside of them.
Azonis gave him a nod, and they followed River into the marsh. River ran toward the fleeing Raptilians. When she came upon them, she stopped dead in her tracks. Hasbarie's army closed in behind them.
The Raptilians ran past her, swallowing her like a horde of hungry insects. She raised her staff high in the air and slammed it into the ground. A great wall of flame rose straight up into the darkness blanketing the land. Hasbarie's army halted behind the flames. A few at the front of the troop perished in the fire as they were pushed forward, becoming incinerated on contact. Shrills from the Shadow Men echoed through the marsh as the blazing wall of fire reduced them to ashes.
River fell to one knee, placing her hand on her head. 
"Come on River!" Azonis cried, scooping her up in his arms. "We have to go!"
"Run!" Lot called out from the gate. They are not going to make it!
The Breathless sacrificed themselves, falling on the flames and smothering it out. Hasbarie's horde raced toward the village.
"Cloze ze gatez!" Jeszekia ordered, as River, Azonis, and Rasmere made it back to safety.
"They will not cloze!" a Raptilian cried. "Zomething is blocking zem."
"Mud," Caleb called out. "There is too much mud. We must move it!"
"No time," Urganox yelled. "They are almost here."
"Quickly!" Jeszekia cried. "Move ze mud! Everyone!"
The Raptilians went to work trying to move enough of the mud away from the gate. The guards atop the wall were raining down darts upon the horde, but most of their shots went astray due to the violent wind.
"Aim at the center of them!" Rasmere cried. 
His arms became a blur, releasing opas arrows in rapid succession.
To be so tiny, the Raptilians' darts were deadly. The poison that laced their tips had a catastrophic effect when it collided with the Breathless, but not so much with the Shadow Men. It did not matter where the darts struck the Breathless, the effect was the same: deterioration. Their flesh, after being pricked, melted away, leaving behind a heap of bubbling goop.
"Hurry!" Rasmere cried, Breathless falling mere feet away from him.
"Gotz it!" a Raptilian cried. "Tryz it again!"
This time when the Raptilians tried to close the gates, they did. The wooden gates slammed shut, and they barred them with a thick chunk of wood.
"Keep firing!" Jeszekia cried out to the guards atop the wall.
"Did you see him?" Rasmere asked.
"Who?" Lot answered.
"The Summoner," Rasmere replied. "He was coming at the gate."
"What be's are plan?" Red asked.
"We'z muzt defend ze village," Jeszekia said. "No matter ze cozt."
Ryker pawed at the gate, barking to the top of his lungs as the Breathless and Shadow Men slammed themselves against it.
"Will it hold?" Caleb asked.
"It is opas wood," Azonis said. "The entire wall is made from opas, a gift from the Engeniums many years ago. Opas wood will hold as long as nothing too large lays siege to the village."
"Da Shader Men can't be hurt wiff no weapon. We gotta have lots of light ta keep em out," Red said.
Looking around at her warriors, Jeszekia said, "You heard him! Light ze firez!"
In a moments time the entire village was well lit as the torches and pools of petrom blazed.
"Dat should keep da Shader Men out fur a bit," Red said, cutlasses in hand. "Me be's hopin dat da Breafless be all we gotta contend wiff."
The Saviors jumped as a voice that shook the very ground they stood on called out to them from the other side of the walls.
"Saviors, I will give you one last chance," the voice boomed.
"Hasbarie," Lot whispered.
"Is he here?" River asked.
"I do not think so. Not physically," Lot replied.
"In a moment, my forces will destroy all of Dead Marsh. There is nothing any of you can do to stop me," Hasbarie told them. With the utmost sincerity in his voice, Hasbarie said, "If you open the gates to the kingdom I shall spare you. . . most of you. I give you my word. Open the gates and live. Leave them closed. . . I will destroy everyone."
 "Where are Locmire and Thaddeus?" Azonis asked.
"I was hoping they would have returned," Oggy said. "We could sure use the Wizard right about now."
"Urganox?" Lot asked.
He turned to the Thief. "Yes?"
"Are you ready for a fight?" Lot inquired with a smile.
"What do you think?" Urganox replied, grinding his teeth together.
Grinning, Lot asked, "Are we ready?"
Everyone nodded their heads and drew their weapons.
Lot approached the gate. "Hasbarie! Can you hear me?"
"Ah, the voice of reason. Are you ready to open your gates?" The Dark Wizard asked.
"I regret to inform you, but we will not be opening our gates. However, I believe you are mistaken concerning our destruction. Send your army and we shall see how this plays out," Lot roared. "And once we are done with your dark puppets, you should prepare yourself, because we are coming for you next!"
"Fool!" Hasbarie cried.
A violent explosion occurred outside of the gate, shaking the entire Raptilian kingdom.
"What was that?" Oggy asked with eyes the size of yarkle eggs.
"I think I know," Lot answered.
"Everafter?" River asked.
"Yes," Lot replied.
"Another one of those things we fought at the cabin?" Azonis asked.
"Yes," River said.
"Keep firing!" Jeszekia ordered.
The Raptilians atop the gate unleashed a multitude of darts upon the abominations below. A loud shriek tore through the kingdom, and the Raptilian dart blowers disappeared.
"Did ye just see dat!" Red exclaimed. "Whur did dey go!"
"Something pulled them over the wall," Caleb said.
"We'z need more dart blowerz on ze wall! Now!" Jeszekia ordered.
Another squad of dart blowers mounted the wall. They unleashed one round of darts when they too vanished. Another group prepared to climb the wall when Jeszekia cried out to them.
"No! I will not loze anymore of my people," Jeszekia said. "We'z will defend our kingdom from within."
Ryker whimpered and jumped back from the gate as something crashed into it causing the entire wall to wobble.
"We must put together a plan. The gate will not hold them forever," Azonis said.
"We'z faze zem now," Jeszekia said.
"No!" Azonis said. "You are talking foolish. We cannot open those gates for any reason."
"She is right," Urganox said. "We must open the gates."
"Have you lost your mind?" Azonis asked. 
"We are sitting ducks in here," Rasmere said. "I agree."
"They will break down ze gatez zoon enough. If we'z letz zem in, at leazt it will be on our termz. We'z will have ze upper hand," Jeszekia said. "Az zey pour through ze gate, ze dart blowerz will attack az zey enter. Their bodiez will pile up and zlow zem down. We'z can pick zem apart."
"What of the rest of your people?" Lot asked. "They do not need to be here."
"We'z haz a hidden exit zat leads zouth of ze marzh, to ze ozean. They can ezcape and follow ze coazt to zafety," Jeszekia said.
"Okay then, that settles it. Get your people out of the village. We will prepare for war," Lot said. "River, you and Rasmere will be the second line of defense. If anything makes it past the dart blowers, take them out. The rest of us will be backing you. Eventually, we need to make a push out of the village."
"I can help with that," Urganox said, grinding his teeth.
"Frayzur," Jeszekia said. "I needz you to takez ze villagerz out of Dead Marzh."
"My Queen," Frayzur said. "I would rather ztay and fight."
"I needz zomeone who I truzt to lead ze villagerz to zafety. It muzt be you," Jeszekia told him.
He nodded his head, "If I muzt. Take care, my Queen, I will zee you zoon."
Frayzur rounded up the few remaining villagers and lead them to the southernmost section of the village where they fled into a secret tunnel leading out of the marsh.
"Is everyone ready?" Lot called out. They gave him the go ahead nod. "Open the gates!"
The guards pushed open the gates. As soon as a crack appeared in the gates, decaying arms poked through searching for something to latch onto. The dart blowers unleashed a barrage of darts stopping the Breathless in their tracks. The lifeless muck that remained clogged up the entrance to the village. Several times, Shadow Men tried rushing into the village only to be turned into ash and blown away by the hurricane force winds.
"Do not let up!" Jeszekia cried, drawing her own blow gun to help even the odds.
The gates stood wide open now, and the Breathless came stumbling into the village in grand numbers.
"River! Now!" Lot cried.
River swung her staff, unleashing a devastating force spell that sent the Breathless, minus a few appendages, crashing back through the gate. Rasmere let loose with the Bow of Elmidas, dropping the remaining stragglers. More Breathless lumbered toward the gate and the dart blowers went back to work, but not for long. The piercing shrieks rang out through the darkness once more. Tentacle-like appendages slithered through the gate, grabbed the dart blowers around the ankles, and drug them off, screaming into the marsh.
Before anyone could react, an Everafter pounded into the village with a large mallet in hand. River and Rasmere rolled out of the way as he charged through and slammed his mallet onto the ground where the others stood. They all leapt out of the way avoiding becoming smashed.
"River! Rasmere! Hold the gate!" Lot cried before rolling out of the way of the stampeding Everafter.
Oggy rushed in and smashed his war hammer onto the Everafter's foot. The creature let out a loud scream and kicked the small Dainty, sending him airborne. Caleb flew in clawing at its eyes, but with one swift swat, he lay face down in the mud. Red drew his pistol and emptied the chamber into the side of its head, freeing a multitude of imprisoned maggots. The beast let out a mighty roar and charged the Pirate, but before it was able to reach Red, Lot dashed in and made a deep cut across the front of its shin. It screamed in pain as it brought its mallet down, but Lot was already gone, a shadow in the darkness.
The Everafter spun around to find itself face to face with the King of the Brazurkins. Urganox charged the beast and smashed his flail into its knee. The Everafter brought his mallet down and met Urganox's shield. For a moment, there was a brief test of strength as the Everafter tried to force Urganox to the ground. Urganox slid out from under the weight of the mallet and tossed his shield and flail to the ground. He charged the Everafter and rammed the beast with his mighty horns. The Everafter stumbled backward, crying out in pain once again as Azonis drug his sword across the back of its calf. Its knee buckled, sending it to the ground.
Before the Everafter could stand, Jeszekia leapt into the air and drove her trident into its face, not once, but well over ten times. Black blood and maggots spewed from the beast as it swatted at the Raptilian Queen, but she was too quick. She was all over the beast, darting from shoulder to shoulder, back to front, stabbing and gouging with her trident.
The Everafter fell onto its back. Lot dashed forward and drove his short swords under its chin. He ripped his hands apart, creating a gaping wound in the creature's neck. Azonis, Urganox, and Oggy hacked and bashed at the Everafter's limbs, not stopping until every appendage had been removed from its torso. Ryker latched on to the creature's head and drug it off out of sight. They let out a sigh of relief and gave one another a nod of approval.
"A little help over here!" River cried out.
Lot turned to see a flood of the Breathless attempting to come through the gate, but that was not the problem, River and Rasmere were defending the gate well. Six round, bulbous, creatures were slithering their way over the wall. One creature had what looked to be twenty arrows sticking out of it, like a meaty pin cushion, but it moved just as quickly as the others.
"By the gods!" Lot said. "What are those things?"
"I have a feeling that is what took the dart blowers," Oggy said as he wiped black blood from his face.
"Those are Vraymen," a voice said.
Lot whirled around. "Locmire! Thank the gods you are here!"
"It looks like you are in need of assistance," Thaddeus said as he knelt to receive an overly excited Ryker, who lapped at his face.
"I am glad to see your two ugly mugs," Urganox said.
"We will have time for pleasantries later," Locmire said. "We must deal with the Vraymen. They have a voracious appetite."
"Thaddeus," Caleb said in wonder. "Your arm? You have an arm!"
Thaddeus held up his new blue arm, clenching his fist and opening it again. "Nice, is it not?"
"Can you use it?" Oggy asked.
Thaddeus drew his dragon bone axe and said, "We shall see."
"How do we kill these things?" Azonis asked. "Arrows have no effect on them."
"I will deal with the Vraymen," Locmire said. "You must kill the Summoner."
"He turned into an Everafter. We have already dealt with it," River said.
"There must be more. There is no possible way that a single Summoner could bring forth this many creatures," Locmire said.
"We can handle it," Lot said, twirling his swords.
"Then let us get to it," Thaddeus said.
 King Graystone charged the gate. As he ran past Rasmere and River, Thaddeus heard them both call out his name in wonder.
The Saviors, now fully united, stormed from the village. River created several large blazes of fire to keep the Shadow Men at bay. They dismembered thousands of the Breathless, and another Everafter in a quest to find the Summoners. To their horror, it turned out that there was not just one Summoner, but five. 
As they bore down upon one of them, he floated into the air and exploded, creating yet another Everafter, which Urganox and Oggy showed no hesitation to engage. 
They continued to cleave their way through the sea of Breathless, setting their sights on the Summoners the entire time.
Meanwhile, Locmire stood surrounded by the Vraymen. They lashed out at him with their tentacles, attempting to drag him into their toothy mouths, which were bigger than an average sized man. The Wizard produced his lightning-like whip and severed every hungry tentacle that came his way.
Vraymen were durable and highly uncommon. During the Great War, Locmire had only laid eyes upon three of these creatures, but three Vraymen were enough. They consumed many of Calencia's warriors, and yet their appetite raged. The only way to kill a Vraymen was from the inside out, but he had to first deal with their tentacles.
Locmire hurled a fireball into one of their gaping mouths. The Vraymen swallowed the ball of fire, belching loudly. Smoke rolled from the corners of its mouth like a chimney. It flopped over onto its back and went still.
The Wizard fed each of the hungry creatures a fireball, ceasing their veracious appetites the only way possible, through death. Locmire watched as the Vraymen lay smoldering on the ground. 
Locmire looked up at the dark sky. 
I think it is time to shed some light. 
He held his staff high above his head. A bright ray of light came bursting forth from its end, colliding with the darkness in the sky. An epic game of tug-of-war played out high above everyone's heads. The light, after much struggle, won, peeling away the darkness. It shrieked as it left. The hurricane force winds dissipated, and the marsh's environment restored itself to normal. 
Lot looked up at the sky, thankful for the reemergence of the sun.
"Locmire!" Thaddeus cried out in joy.
 The disappearance of the darkness lifted The Saviors' spirits. Swords, hammers, flails, arrows, teeth, and spells ravaged the battlefield as they met Hasbarie's forces with rejuvenated focus. Locmire exited the village and joined The Saviors in battle.
Chapter 30
Calial
Red unsheathed his cutlass from the neck of the last Everafter. He drove his steel into the soft floor of the marsh cleaning off the putrid, black blood.
"Ah, deez tings sure do stink," Red said, curling his nose.
"That is not their smell," Urganox laughed. "That is your own flavor."
Red made to come at him, but waved him off and reloaded his pistol.
"It seems that Dead Marsh is safe," Azonis said, looking at the scores of bodies. "It will take a good bit of time for the cleanup."
"We need to burn these bodies," Caleb said. "River and Locmire can help with that."
Thaddeus came to Locmire, who stood by himself looking toward the western border of the marsh.
"What is it, Wizard?" he asked.
"It is not over," Locmire said, frowning
Locmire took a few steps back and readied his staff. 
"To arms!" Thaddeus called out.
The Saviors filed in on each side of him, weapons in hand.
A hooded figure appeared from out of nowhere, carrying a staff with a red orb secured to its end. He approached The Saviors taking slow, calculated steps, dragging the bottom of his robe behind him.
 Locmire saw the familiar faint glow of an object hidden beneath his robe.
"That is far enough," Thaddeus said, snarling as he took a step forward. "Who are you, and what is your business here?"
"My name is Calial," the man smiled. "And the reason I am here stands before me."
"He is a Priest," Locmire whispered.
"What was that, Wizard?" Calial asked. "Speak up so I can hear you."
"You are a Dark Priest," Locmire repeated, a little louder. "We will finish you quickly and take what it is that you hide beneath your robe."
Calial's face grew paler than it already was, although Locmire thought it impossible for the man's skin to become any lighter.
"You are fighting a losing battle, Wizard. Pledge allegiance to Hasbarie, and he will show mercy upon you. The Lord of the Dead-" Calial jumped back as a bolt of lightning streaked toward him. He drew his staff and deflected the spell. "Fool! I see that you cannot be reasoned with. You will not live to regret your mistake."
Calial drove his staff into the ground. The marsh shook, the water boiled, and a large hole appeared before them.
A being, much larger than any of The Saviors had ever seen, pulled itself out of the hole. It was over fifty feet tall with hands the size of Urganox's entire body. The creature's muscles bulged from its gray skin. A fuzzy patch of hair sat on top of its otherwise bald head.
"By the gods!" Thaddeus said. "What is that thing?"
"It looks like a Gargantuan. A dead one," Urganox said with a smile. "I have waited my entire life to kill one of these."
"I thought them long gone," Oggy said.
"Until recently, I thought the Dainties long dead," Lot chuckled.
"How do ye be's laughin when sumpin like dat be standin right in front of us?" Red asked.
"A Gargantuan is no match for us," Lot said. "We have a Brazurkin. It is in their blood to battle Gargantuans."
"Can we defeat dat ting, and all of deez udder tings?" Red asked, motioning to the hole.
More Breathless and Vraymen climbed out of the ground.
"Suggestions?" Azonis asked.
"I will deal with the Vraymen once more," Locmire said. "Urganox and Thaddeus, the Gargantuan is yours. The rest of you, do what you do best."
Locmire produced his lightning whip once more and prepared for the tedious task of feeding the Vraymen his piping hot balls of fire.
Thaddeus and Urganox charged the Gargantuan. When in range, the Gargantuan raised his foot and tried to stamp his tiny foes. As they dodged out of its way, Urganox cracked the creature on the heel of its foot with his flail. It turned to follow him. Thaddeus struck from behind, driving his swords into its ankle and ripping downward. The Gargantuan grunted but kept its eyes locked on the Brazurkin, his only natural enemy.
River cast spell after spell, blasting her way through the Breathless, but with her magic reserves running low, she decided it best to conserve her energy.
Oggy bashed his way through the soft, reanimated bodies with his pizenore war hammer and had much fun doing so. The King of the Dainties sang his favorite song as he smashed his way through the horde.
"Oh, Eighty eight bottles of beer on the wall, eighty eight bottles of beer. . ." he sang.
"Me likes dat tune as well," Red called out, then joining in on the next verse.
Red stood in the middle of the horde with his cutlasses drawn. As they lumbered toward him, he lashed out with his steel, lopping off arms, heads, and slicing through torsos with the greatest of ease, never missing a note. The Pirate was as elusive as a fly. Even when the Breathless closed in on him, they could not manage to take him. He spun, jumped, and rolled around them like a leaf in a storm, constantly on the offensive.
 Lot danced amongst the Breathless, hacking and slashing with his dragon bone short swords. The Thief made quick work of them. When he cleared himself a path, he rushed to River's side, aiding her in battle.
Caleb, in the form of a Hormut, and Ryker stampeded through the Breathless, pouncing on their foes and snapping their necks with their powerful jaws.
Azonis and Rasmere fought back to back. Azonis slashed and stabbed with his sword and bashed the Breathless with his shield when they came too close. Rasmere's arm was a blur as he let loose his arrows at the moving targets. The Sestian and his Sword worked as a cohesive unit once again.
Jeszekia bounced around the battlefield like an acrobat. She leapt high into the air and came down to the ground, trident first, impaling the Breathless. Jeszekia whipped her tail violently, impaling nearby Breathless with the steel barbs attached to its end. She stopped for a moment, long enough to gig a few of them with her trident and bound away before she became surrounded. She was a true warrior queen.
At the time the last of the Breathless fell, so did the Vraymen. All eyes fell upon Thaddeus, Urganox, and the Gargantuan.
"Let's go!" Lot roared.
"No!" Locmire called out. "It would not be wise to interfere."
"Why?" Lot wondered aloud.
"The more targets a Gargantuan has, the more successful he will be with his attacks," Locmire said.
"Point taken," Lot said.
"Jeszekia," Frayzur called out. "We'z haz returned."
"What are you doing here?" Jeszekia asked, turning to Frayzur and a small guard of Raptilians.
"We'z ezcorted ze villagerz to zafety. We'z decided to come back and help," Frayzur replied.
"It iz good to haz you back. We'z will be needing ze exzra help," Jeszekia told him.
The Dark Priest stayed back with his arms crossed and a grin on his face. Lot glanced over at him. Keep smiling, it will be your turn next, he thought.
The Gargantuan's legs oozed blood, but it did not slow. The giant was so big, the lacerations looked like injuries one would sustain from running through a brier thicket.
"I have had enough fun for one day," Urganox panted. "You ready to end this, Thaddeus?"
Thaddeus's chest rose and fell rapidly. "Have we been playing with it?" he asked, smiling.
"Have you been trying?" Urganox asked, with a toothy grin.
The Brazurkin King charged the Gargantuan once more, but this time the giant welcomed him with the back of his hand. Urganox flew through the air and slid to a stop in the mud.
"It is about time you fought back," Urganox said, making his way to his knees and wiping the blood from his mouth.
The Gargantuan spoke. His voice was like howling wind. "I will crush you, just like my kind did yours so many years ago."
"If I am not mistaken, my ancestor slew the last of your kind," said Urganox as he stood.
"Only after the life was stamped from his body," the Gargantuan said in his deep, raspy voice.
"If it happens like that on this day, then so be it," Urganox said.
He charged forward again, but this time with Thaddeus at his side. The Gargantuan swatted at Urganox once more, but the Brazurkin King jumped out of the way avoiding its large hand. The Gargantuan turned its head, following Urganox's every move. This was the break Thaddeus sought. The Human King slammed his blue fist into the Gargantuan's ankle. The giant let out a blood curdling cry as the bones of its lower leg burst through the decayed skin. It tried to swat Thaddeus, but he punched through its opposite ankle. The giant cried out once more and fell onto its knees, screaming in pain.
Urganox jumped onto its lower leg, hopped up on its back, and stood on the back of the Gargantuans neck. With a smile, he smashed his flail into the back of the Gargantuan's head over and over again. As each strike landed, the Gargantuan fell closer to the ground, until it collapsed face first into the marsh. The watery floor bubbled as the Gargantuan took its last breathes. Then it was still.
King Skullsplitter jumped down to the ground and considered the fallen giant for a moment before giving it a swift kick to the side of the head. 
Thaddeus approached the Brazurkin King and said, "Well done."
"Why did you not use that arm of yours sooner?" Urganox asked.
"I was not sure what effect it would have," King Graystone replied.
"Well, do not forget about the power you possess the next time. I actually broke a sweat," Urganox said.
Thaddeus and Urganox joined the others, but the sound of clapping hands silenced their moment of joy.
The Dark Priest strode forward, clapping in unison with his footsteps. "Well done. Well done. That was quite impressive. You are truly a gifted group of individuals. Too bad this will all be over in a moment."
"What other inept creatures do you have to put in our path?" Azonis asked.
"I only have a few more. . . creatures, as you call them, to put in your path, but I assure you they are not inept by any means," Calial replied.
"Where are the creatures you speak of?" Thaddeus asked. "Let us get this over with!"
Calial smiled and held his arms high above his head. What sounded like an enormous flock of birds resonated from behind him. A black wall of winged creatures appeared and came flying their way.
"Hethern," Locmire said as he readied his staff.
"I haz waited a long time to zee zeez creaturez zat deztroyed my anceztorz zo many yearz ago," Jeszekia said, drawing her dart gun.
The Hethern were almost a foot in height, with arms and legs like man and wings like a bat. Tiny horns sat upon their skulls and hundreds of razor sharp teeth lined their mouths.
Calial thrust his arms forward, and the Hethern swarmed The Saviors. The Raptilians unleashed a barrage of darts into the swarm, sending twenty or more of the winged creatures tumbling to the ground.
Red sent hot lead into the middle of their ranks, killing another twenty or more, but it did not seem to make a dent in their numbers. 
Rasmere flung arrow after arrow their way, while River and Locmire blasted them with fireballs, but still they advanced.
The Hethern swarmed them like a colony of bees protecting their hive, stinging them with their tiny tridents. The Saviors swatted at them with their steel while the Raptilians speared them with tridents of their own. 
One unlucky Raptilian turned to flee, but became overwhelmed. He swatted at the tiny creatures as he ran. Tripping on a log, he fell to the ground and a few hundred of the Hethern pricked him over and over with their tridents. They flew from his body, leaving behind a mauled, bloody mess, reminiscent of a Raptilian.
"Do not break formation," Locmire called out. "We are more vulnerable on our own."
Everyone frantically defended themselves from the pesky flying nuisances. Everyone except for Jeszekia. She found great joy unleashing dart, after dart, after dart, smiling all the while. 
She drew her trident and went to work impaling the tiny winged creatures. When her trident became filled to the limit, she shoved the tips into the ground, scraped the Hethern off with the heel of her foot, and started the cycle over once more. 
A zmall bit of retribuzion for my anceztorz, she thought.
River let out another ball of flame and fell to her knees. Azonis rushed to her side and stood over her, swatting at the Hethern as they tried to swarm her.
"Locmire!" Azonis cried. "We need your help!"
The Wizard turned and let loose a lightning bolt into the center of the swarm, setting off a chain reaction of electrical currents that ran through the Hethern, dropping them in mid flight. Azonis hovered over River as hundreds of the dead Hethern rained down upon them.
"Is she all right?" Lot asked as he rushed to their side.
"She has only expended her magic a bit too much. She will be fine. I will stay with her until she is rested," Azonis said.
Lot nodded and tore off to face the Hethern once more.
"Thank you," River whispered.
Azonis gave her a grin. He stayed by her side and slashed at the pesky nuisances circling above his head.
He has shown me a kindness recently that I had not thought possible of him, River thought as she closed her eyes.
"Can you not end this, Locmire?" Thaddeus asked. "These beasts are never ending."
"I can, but the rest would be left up to the lot of you. It would take a great deal of my magic reserves to do this," Locmire said as he incinerated a small flock of Hethern coming his way. "Can you handle the rest? The Dark Priest and whatever other creatures he summons?" 
"Let us hope so," Thaddeus said, swiping at the Hethern who had him by the hair of the head. "I do not know how much longer we can stand against these things."
"Very well," Locmire said.
Locmire swung his staff above his head in a circular motion. The wind picked up, creating a huge funnel cloud above him. The Hethern flapped their wings in a frenzy trying to escape the hungry tornado. Every last one of them disappeared into the vortex. Locmire raised his staff high into the air and the tornado burst into flames. Locmire fell to his knees, and the tornado disappeared. All that remained of the Hethern was their tiny tridents scattered about the ground.
The Saviors and the few remaining Raptilians drew in deep breaths, trying to recover.
"Help me to my feet, Thaddeus," Locmire said with an outstretched hand.
With the help of King Thaddeus, Locmire stood and approached the Dark Priest.
"Your time has come, Priest. It is time to end this," Locmire said, as he and The Saviors closed in on Calial.
"Not just yet," Calial smiled.
He touched the end of his staff to the ground and a dark figure arose. 
"Get back to the village, now," Locmire said in a low tone. "I can feel the power running through this creature."
"Why?" Thaddeus asked. "We can-"
"Do not question me!" Locmire roared. "Retreat to the village."
Locmire studied the being. He had never seen such a creature. 
"Does he frighten you?" Calial asked. "This is a Draith Lord. It will be your demise."
The Draith Lord stood over eight feet tall and wore rusted plate armor. It clutched a seven-foot pole arm in its right hand that had a long, curved, blade on its end. Its eyes glowed a bright, piercing red. The flesh of its face was dry and withered, but the flesh of its body was alive and robust.
"The Saviors," the Draith Lord boomed. "What a pitiful bunch."
Urganox made to step forward, but Locmire stopped him.
"Go to the village, at once! We must leave from here." Locmire said.
Urganox, knowing that Locmire was not a fearful individual, decided it best to heed his advice.
Frayzur cried out, "For ze marzh!" as he charged the Draith Lord.
The Draith Lord stood still, pole arm in hand. Frayzur rushed in, leading with his trident. Right before Frayzur made contact, the Draith Lord, with lightning-like speed, stepped aside and severed Frayzur's torso in half with one quick swipe.
Frayzur lay on the wet ground, eyes blinking like a flickering light, gasping for breath. The Draith Lord stood above him, smiling. He placed his foot on Frayzur's head and pressed down, creating a sickening crunch.
"No!" Jeszekia cried as she tried to run to Frayzur's aid. Urganox had to throw her over his shoulder and carry her back to the village.
Once inside the village, Thaddeus asked, "Where did that thing come from?"
"The Onock, I suppose," Locmire said. "I sense great power coming from within it."
"Can we defeat it?" Lot asked.
"During the Great War, there was a being similar to the Draith Lord. This creature appears just as powerful," Locmire said.
"But can we defeat it?" Lot asked again
Locmire removed all expression from his face. "No. It is too powerful. Even during the Great War, the creature, which we called the Dank, was not destroyed until Hasbarie fell."
"What makes it so unique? What are its weaknesses?" Thaddeus asked.
"Other than it being a mighty warrior, it has great magical abilities. I watched many skilled warriors attack the Dank, with lackluster results. I studied the Dank intensely during many encounters, but never found a break in its defense. Not a single warrior was able to harm it," Locmire told them.
"Can you not destroy it?" Lot asked.
"Not in this state," Locmire said, frowning. "My magic is almost depleted."
"So what do we do?" Oggy asked.
"We'z combine our ztrength to bring ze creature down," Jeszekia said.
"I am sure between the lot of us, we can defeat this abomination," Azonis said.
"I think our best course of action would be to retreat from here," Locmire said. "We cannot sacrifice ourselves to this creature. We have more important tasks at hand."
Splinters and chards of wood flew through the air as the Draith Lord burst through the gate.
"Arrr!" Red cried out, doubling over in pain as a piece of the shattered gate sank into his thigh.
Oggy came over to aid his injured friend. A piece of wood the size of a flute was sticking out of Red's leg.
"Pull it out," Red said.
"Are you sure?" Oggy asked.
Red nodded.
Oggy wrapped his large hand around the piece of wood and pulled it from Red's leg. The Pirate yelped out, gritting his teeth and tightening the muscles of his body.
"He is bleeding a good bit," Oggy said.
Locmire hobbled over and ran his hand over Red's leg, stopping the blood flow.
Jeszekia leapt into the air and landed behind the Draith Lord. She lunged with her trident, but the Draith Lord moved slightly, catching it between his arm and torso. He ripped the trident from her hands, whirled around, and slapped her to the ground.
"No!" Urganox cried. 
He charged forward, flail in hand. As he was about to unleash his fury, the Draith Lord grabbed him by the throat, stopping the stampeding Brazurkin dead in his tracks. He lifted Urganox high into the air and slammed him to the ground. 
Urganox let out an, "Umph," sound and rolled over onto his hands and knees.
"We must do something, Lot," Thaddeus said.
"Agreed," his brother answered. "But what?"
"Follow me," Thaddeus said. "I have a plan."
Thaddeus and Lot marched toward the Draith Lord. King Graystone called out," Caleb, can you distract it?"
Caleb smiled and flew into the air. He hovered above the Draith Lord's head, swooping down and clawing at its eyes. The Draith Lord swatted at Caleb, allowing Thaddeus and Lot time to act.
"I need his back to me," Thaddeus said. "Can you manage it?"
"Give me just a moment," Lot said.
The Thief ran at the Draith Lord, fell to his knees and attempted to recreate the maneuver he performed the first time he and Thaddeus encountered the Everafter. His short swords clanged off of the Draith Lord's armor as he slid between his legs. The Draith Lord turned around and grabbed Lot by the hair, hoisting him high into the air.
With the Draith Lord's back turned, Thaddeus unleashed all of his might, driving his magical fist in-between the blades of its shoulders. The Draith Lord shuttered, dropped Lot, turned around and kicked Thaddeus square in the chest. The King saw his world go black as the air left his lungs. Lot scampered off as the Draith Lord gathered itself.
Urganox grabbed Thaddeus by the shoulders and sat him on his feet. 
"Locmire is right," Thaddeus panted. "We must retreat."
"Take zem to ze hidden exit," Jeszekia ordered a Raptilian guard, as she picked up her trident.
"You are coming with us," Urganox said, grabbing her by the shoulder.
"I will be zere zoon enough. I cannot allow zis creature control of Dead Marzh. If ze Raptilianz cannot have ze marzh, no one can," and with those words, Jeszekia ran for her hut.
"We must go!" Rasmere cried as the Draith Lord stalked toward them.
"Look at them run!" Calial called out from within the village. "And you call yourselves Saviors!"
At the back of the village there was a trap door near the wall. The Raptilian guard opened the door to reveal a watery hole.
"Ze tunnel iz big, but not too long. You cannot get lozt. Zwim to zafety," he said. "I muzt go defend Queen Venumroot."
They hesitated for a moment, not wanting to leave a companion behind, but they knew they must.
They entered the tunnel one by one. Thaddeus worried that Ryker might not be able to make the trip, but the Hormut jumped into the tunnel without hesitation and disappeared out of sight. Urganox was the last person left, holding out hope that Jeszekia would return, and she did.
"Get inzide!" Jeszekia cried. "Now!"
The Draith Lord and Calial closed in on them. Urganox gave her a grim look of disapproval and jumped into the tunnel.
"You cannot haz ze marzh," Jeszekia told them.
"It appears there is no one here to stop us," Calial said, chuckling.
The Raptilian guards readied their blow guns. They took aim and fired. Calial cowered behind the Draith Lord, seeking the shelter of his massive body. After realizing their darts were unsuccessful, a small group of the Raptilians charged with their tridents. The Draith Lord, almost playfully, cut them down one by one.
I am zorry, my friendz. It seemz zat hiztory iz repeating itzelf, Jeszekia thought as she tossed a ceramic jug high into the air. She glanced over at the thirty or more remaining Raptilian guards. As the jug fell to the earth, Jeszekia shattered it with her trident. A fine powder floated through the air and down toward the earth.
Chapter 31
Aftermath
"She said she was coming," Urganox said, pacing back and forth, pulling at his horns. "Where is she?" 
It had been ten minutes since they escaped Dead Marsh through the secret tunnel. Jeszekia told Urganox that she would be right behind him, but she had yet to emerge, neither had Calial nor the Draith Lord.
Jeszekia, where are you? Please be all right. "She should have surfaced by now," Urganox said. "I cannot take it any longer. I am going after her."
"It is not safe," Oggy said. "I am sure she will be fine."
"That is easy for you to say," Urganox snapped. "Who have you ever lost?"
The look on Oggy's face told Urganox everything he needed to know.
"Oggy, I. . . I am sorry. I did not mean-"
"I understand. This has been a trying time for us all," Oggy said, patting Urganox on the leg.
"Look!" Caleb exclaimed, pointing to the passage. "Bubbles."
Ryker barked, jumping up and down, wagging his tail.
A few tiny bubbles rose to the surface of the water, followed by bigger ones. Jeszekia's head and shoulders burst through the water's surface.
"Jeszekia!" Urganox cried. He rushed over and gave her his hand. In one swift motion, he pulled her from the water. "I thought we had lost you."
Smiling, she said, "I told you zat I would be right behind you."
"What happened?" Azonis asked. "Are they following you?"
"It iz over. Ze marzh haz been defended," she said, sighing. "But at great cozt."
"What do you mean?" Locmire inquired.
"All life in ze marzh iz gone." Her head dropped. "Ze few remaining Raptilianz, ze Dark Priezt, and ze Draith Lord."
"Jeszekia," Locmire said, placing his arm on her shoulder. "What happened?"
She burst into tears and fell into Urganox's embrace. "I zet off a Deathzhroom bomb. It killed everything."
Urganox wrapped her tight in his large green arms as she sobbed. 
Locmire sat down on a flat rock and took in a deep breath. I love the smell of the salt water. He looked to the sky. It is over, at least for the time being. Locmire glanced over at Jeszekia. His heart, if he had an actual heart, broke for her. The splashing of the waves against the rocks drowned out Jeszekia's sobs. Locmire tried to decide how he would tell her that they must return to the marsh at once.
The Saviors stood in silence, grieving Jeszekia's loss. Her pain pulsed through their bodies. From the time Thaddeus arrived in Dead Marsh and united The Saviors, they each felt a strong connection with one another, a connection they had not shared until that moment. 
Jeszekia sucked back her tears and pushed herself free of Urganox's embrace.
"We'z need to leave from zis plaze. I cannot bear it," she said.
"I am sorry, Jeszekia, but we cannot leave, not just yet," Locmire said. "The Dark Priest carried a very important object on his person that I must retrieve. You do not have to go back. You can wait here with Urganox and the others." 
"Thank you, Wizard. I cannot go back to ze village," Jeszekia replied.
"Wait with Urganox and the others?" Urganox asked with a slack expression.
"Yes. I do not need everyone to come along," Locmire replied.
"I am going with you," Thaddeus said.
"Me too," Lot added.
"I would go as well," Azonis said.
"Very well," Locmire said. "The rest of you stay here. We will be back momentarily."
"Wizard," Jeszekia said. "Ze deathzhroom rezidue iz active. Ze only way it will be zafe iz if ze powder becomez wet."
"Noted," Locmire said.
"And Wizard. . ." she said.
"Zee if any of my people livez. Pleaze."
"Certainly," Locmire said.
He walked over to the passage and jumped in feet first. Thaddeus, Lot, and Azonis followed.
When they emerged on the other side, all signs of life in the village had vanished. The Draith Lord, Calial, and the Raptilians lay lifeless on the ground covered in a white, acidic, residue.
"Do not move," Locmire said. "This powder is deadly."
"What are we going to do?" Lot asked.
"Add water," Locmire said, smiling.
He held up his staff and a light rain fell from the sky, so as not to disturb the poisonous powder on the ground. Once the top layer of the residue became damp the rain came down harder, soaking the powder into the ground. 
The Wizard lowered his staff and said, "It should be safe now. Let us be quick about this."
He approached the Draith Lord and prodded it with his staff. He stooped and rolled the body over onto its back. Its eyes, once bright red, glowed no more. The flesh had melted away from its body, leaving behind a partially decomposed skeleton and rusted armor.
"This deathshroom is a nasty bit of alchemy," Thaddeus said.
"It is indeed," Azonis replied.
Locmire walked over to Calial. All that remained of the Dark Priest was his articles of clothing and a lumpy object hidden underneath his robe.
Locmire lifted the robe and a small, jagged, object splashed into the mud. He picked it up and cleaned it with his robe. When it was clean, he held the object up to the sun, looking over every inch of it. It sparkled and glittered as the sun touched it. He turned the object over and over, awestruck that he had it in his possession.
"What is it?" Thaddeus asked.
"It is part of a crystal, and not just any crystal," Locmire smiled. "Hasbarie's crystal."
"His crystal?" Lot asked. "The crystal?"
"The crystal. It is one fourth of the crystal that sat in Hasbarie's chest. The crystal that Ryker Graystone destroyed, banishing Hasbarie and the Onock from Calencia," Locmire said. "He will not be pleased when he comes to learn that we have this in our possession." Or maybe he will be.
"What significance does it hold now?" asked Thaddeus.
"If we can gather all four shards of the crystal, we can enter his domain. As of right now, Fodder Valley is impenetrable. We must obtain the other three shards if we stand any chance of ending this before Calencia is plunged into darkness," Locmire said. "We have what we need. Time to go."
As they were about to leave, Lot saw a trident sticking out of the ground next to a shattered ceramic container. He wiggled it free from the earth and followed the others back into the passage.
Back on the coast, everyone awaited Locmire, Thaddeus, Azonis, and Lot's return, but none more so than Jeszekia.
The Raptilian Queen's heart ached for the loss of Frayzur and her other guards. 
Many died by my decizions. I zhould have never let them ztay.
 The entire Raptilian guard fell in the battle for Dead Marsh. She could hope that the villagers had made it to safety. Jeszekia found the slightest comfort in Urganox's arms. She did not know how she could pull through this without her green-skinned, horned King.
Ryker lay by the passage, head on his paws, whimpering. Suddenly, the Hormut's ears stood erect, and he raised his head. His doc tail wiggled back and forth. He shot up to all fours and let out a loud bark.
"They are coming back!" Caleb exclaimed.
A few bubbles later, Locmire, Thaddeus, Azonis, and Lot reappeared. Rasmere and Caleb helped them from the tunnel and onto the rocky coast.
Impatience getting the better of her, River asked, "Well?"
"Well what?" Locmire replied.
"Did you find what you were looking for? Was the Draith Lord dead?" she asked.
"Yes and yes," Locmire answered. 
"And my people?" Jeszekia asked. "Did any of them zurvive?"
The corners of Locmire's mouth dipped. "No. I am sorry. None survived."
Jeszekia did not respond verbally. She nodded her head in acceptance as it was the answer she had prepared herself to hear.
"So what now?" Oggy asked. "What do we do next?"
"We find shelter and food. There is much to discuss," Locmire answered.
"Are we finally set to learn the prophecy in its entirety?" Urganox asked.
"Yes. . . in its entirety," Locmire said.
"Zere iz a zmall fizhing village not too far up ze coazt. Zey will welcome our company," Jeszekia said.
"Very well, but we need to act quickly. I must return to Fogarth as soon as possible," Locmire said.
"We should go to Fogarth now," Thaddeus said, stepping forward. "They need our help."
"No," Locmire said. "If something should happen to me, it is important that The Saviors are aware of the prophecy. Your intentions are good, but we have other matters to tend to."
"All right," Thaddeus said. "Jeszekia, can you lead us to this village?"
"Yez, follow me," she said.
Lot approached the Raptilian Queen and presented her with the trident. "Here, I think this belongs to you."
She took the trident and stared at it. Her eyes doubled in size and filled with tears. A zingle throw of ziz trident brought about ze end of a great number of my people. I left ziz behind, but yet it returnz to me. Why cannot life be az eazy to return? "Thank you. . . ." she paused. "I am zorry, what iz your name again?"
Smiling, the Thief said, "Lot, Lot Caskill."
"Thank you, Lot Cazkill," she said, taking him by the hand.
"You are welcome, Queen Venumroot," he replied, falling to one knee and bowing his head.
"I am not your queen. You do not need to bow before me," Jeszekia said, placing her hand under Lot's chin and bringing him to standing.
Lot smiled. "You are the only queen in present company, so technically, you are my queen."
"You are a zmooth talker, Lot Cazkill."
"He is about to lose an arm," Urganox said with a grin.
"We'z needz to get moving if we'z are planning on making it to ze village before dark," Jeszekia said as she gathered her things.
They set off westward along the coast for the shelter of a tiny fishing village and to find the answers to their lingering questions.
Chapter 32
Preparing to March

"The King's Elite just arrived back in Galdarath, King Buxton," Robert Tolbur, Captain of the King's guard, said. "Would you have me tell them to prepare for departure once more?"
"Please, Robert. Do not call me king. Thaddeus is our king," Sebastian said, smiling. Oh, I just love the sound of that. "Yes. See their horses groomed and fed, their supplies replenished, and give them a short rest and a grand meal. Tell them we depart first thing in the morning."
"Yes, General Buxton. Is there anything else?" Robert asked.
"Make sure that our troops are outfitted properly and that supplies are plenty," Sebastian said.
"Yes, General Buxton." Robert said, bowing to one knee.
As Robert exited the throne room, Loral entered.
"Ah, Loral. Is there any word from Dead Marsh or Alexander Gorman?" Sebastian asked.
"No, General Buxton," Loral answered.
"Where have they gotten off to?" Sebastian wondered aloud.
"That is not all, General Buxton," Loral said, clearing his throat.
"Yes?" Sebastian asked.
"Lasticall informed me that a Human and Raptilian showed up at Lasticall in search of Thaddeus and his brother. They claimed to bring a message from Galdarath. An Engenium patrol was sent out shortly after Alexander and Nezzer departed Lasticall. While they found no signs of them, they did stumble upon several bodies along the road," Loral explained.
Sebastian's brow narrowed, the corners of his mouth quavered. Hopefully two more bodies will be found before much longer. "I wonder who those two strangers are? We have sent no messengers to Lasticall, other than Alexander."
"I do not know, General Buxton. Lasticall assures me that their guards are looking for them," Loral replied.
"We have bigger concerns," Sebastian said. "Are Lasticall and Pizenchaffe prepared to march?"
"Yes. Lasticall marches our way as we speak. Jamison Rayheart said the Dainties would rendezvous with us at the base of Mount Pizenchaffe," Loral answered.
"Excellent," Sebastian said. "Give me a status update on our army."
Loral produced a piece of parchment.
 "Galdarath has three thousand ground soldiers, one thousand cavalry, one thousand spearmen, two thousand archers, ten catapults, five hundred barrels of blast powder, and ten King's Elite."
"Excellent. We have more troops than I expected. Is there still enough to hold the kingdom?" Sebastian asked.
"Yes. We have equal that amount to protect the kingdom," Loral said.
"Well done, Loral. Is there any other business to attend to?" Sebastian asked.
"No, General Buxton. We are all set," Loral said.
"Very well. You are dismissed," Sebastian ordered.
Loral knelt, stood, and marched out of the throne room.
Sebastian stood from his throne and strode over to a large table in the center of the room with a map of Calencia tacked to it. Sebastian studied the map and moved a tiny marble sculpture, which represented Lasticall, toward Galdarath.
Lasticall should arrive by sunset. I will give them shelter for the night. At first light we will march west for Pizenchaffe. It should be more than a day's ride with such large company. From there we will march northwest for the area west of Morgorath. Sebastian moved the pieces representing each kingdom across the map. Hasbarie will not let us march on his territory. We will probably meet resistance. . . here. Sebastian placed an X a few leagues before Hasbarie's territory, on the road just south of Morgorath. After this day, my name will be forever etched in the hearts of Galdarath. Once Thaddeus and his brother are dealt with, there will be none in all of Calencia with a claim to the throne, none other than myself.
A smile grew on his face that could not be erased, hidden, or weakened. Within a week's time, he would be King of Galdarath.


"Has Nezzer reported back?" Tontal Drave asked.
"No, he has not," a High Engenium replied.
"That is unusual behavior for Nezzer. I fear the worst," Tontal said, bouncing along the road on a white mare. "We should arrive at Galdarath soon, definitely before sundown. Inform our troops to mind their manners inside of the Human city. Tell them if anyone misbehaves, they will be put to the blade."
"Yes, Sestian Drave," the Engenium said. He broke formation to spread Sestian Drave's orders.
As Tontal galloped along the road, his mind could not help but to offer suggestions on the fate of Nezzer and Alexander. Nezzer was one of the most formidable warriors he had ever encountered. Tontal doubted that any ordinary bandit might have robbed him, or even worse, but still a sickening feeling filled his stomach. Any other time he would not worry about Nezzer, but with the Dark Wizard's minions roaming the lands, he could not help but to worry.
Kraeson Dazzen, a General in Lasticall's army, rode up alongside Tontal.
"So, how do you think our dealings with the Humans will go?" Kraeson asked.
"I am looking forward to fighting alongside them. They have always proved to be mighty warriors," Tontal said. "As long as we do not exhibit the arrogance that we sometimes do, we will be able to work cooperatively with them."
"Do you really think the Dainties will emerge from underneath the mountain?" Kraeson asked.
"That I am not so sure about. Sebastian Buxton assures me of their promised allegiance," Tontal said. "Just a few days ago, all of Calencia believed them long dead. This will be a special meeting."
"I am excited to meet them. I have always been fascinated with their story," Kraeson said.
"I have as well," Tontal added.
They rode in silence for a moment giving Kraeson time to muster up his nerves and asked the question lingering on his mind.
"Can we win?" Kraeson asked.
"I do not know," Tontal said. "Hasbarie may not even march his troops against us. Then again, he may. If he sends his forces to meet us, I am sure he will send great numbers. Only time will tell."
"We have no other choice, do we?" Kraeson asked.
"If we want a future for our children, then no, we do not," Tontal answered.
They rode on in silence until they entered Galdarath's borders. As soon as they crossed over into the boundary of the Human kingdom, a company of riders met them and lead them to the castle in the capital city of Ravendale.

"I cannot believe that you lasted almost four hours on the surface!" Zulp exclaimed.
"Well, I do not want to brag, but," Golgar paused. His plump cheeks rose to meet the bottom of his eyelids, and the corners of his mouth stretched to his ears. "That was impressive if I do say so myself."
"I will best your time tomorrow," Olaf boasted.
"It is always tomorrow," Golgar said.
"You barely lasted two hours today," Zulp interjected. "Most of our women lasted longer than that."
"Who are you to talk?" Olaf grumbled. "You cheated!"
"I did not! I had to blink," Zulp replied in an attempt to defend himself.
"By shielding your eyes?" Olaf asked.
"Shielding your eyes, eh?" Golgar asked. "Zulp, you should be ashamed of yourself."
"I did not cheat!" Zulp cried in protest.
"And you did it after only an hour!" Olaf added.
Zulp looked as if he would explode. Deciding diplomacy would not work, Zulp stomped on Olaf's foot.
"Yeahoowww!" Olaf cried.
He jumped up and down on one foot, squeezing the other. Zulp doubled over in laughter, enraging Olaf. Olaf charged Zulp, grabbing him by the ears and spinning him around and around in tight, fast circles.
"Put. . . me. . . down!" Zulp cried in-between breaths.
"If you say," Olaf said as he let go.
Zulp tumbled across the ground. He popped up on his feet and bolted toward Olaf.
As the two Royal Guards rolled back and forth in the dirt, Golgar caught his breath long enough to step in and calm them.
"Okay," Golgar said. "That is enough. Stop it, you two."
Standing on Olaf's head, Zulp asked," Is that an order?" 
"Yes, that is an order," Golgar replied.
Zulp and Olaf jumped to their feet and stood in attention.
"We have another hour before we return to the surface. I suggest you rest. It will be midday, the sun will be at its most intense," Golgar stated.
"Do you think we will all be ready?" Zulp asked.
"I think so," Golgar replied. "Our battle against the sun does not worry me."
"What does?" Olaf asked.
"That we do not have enough numbers." Golgar let out a sigh. "We have one hundred and five Dainties to bring to the battle. What kind of impact will that make?"
"One hundred and five Dainties equals one thousand Humans," Zulp reassured him. "One hundred and five Dainties will make a great difference."
"Especially the three of us," Olaf added. 
"I am proud that the two of you stand next to me in this. I only wish Erimack was here," Golgar said, tears swelling in his eyes.
"He is here," Olaf said, touching his heart. "He will always be with us."
"I am sure he is watching over us right now, smiling," Zulp added. "He always was fond of you. You have proven to be a good friend to us. The only other Dainty we would stand alongside is King Stonefist."
"Thank you, my friends," Golgar said, wiping the tears from his face. "Let us rest. There is much preparation left."
Chapter 33
Rage
"Incompetent fools!" Hasbarie roared, bashing another reanimated corpse in the head with his staff, bursting it into pieces and spraying blood across the room. The body crumpled to the floor. Hasbarie pointed his staff at the ground and another corpse appeared in front of him, meeting the same fate as the others.
At least thirty bodies lay before the Dark Wizard. Hasbarie's rage came to a boil over the failure of Calial and the Draith Lord at Dead Marsh.
Someone will pay for this. But who? I cannot do anything while I am confined to the Onock. I must leave from here and take matters into my own hands.
Hasbarie stood, covered in the black blood of the Breathless, chest rising and falling like the waves of the ocean, trying to understand how his Priest had failed him. 
At Dead Marsh, Hasbarie's forces outnumbered The Saviors and the Wizard's companions, but they somehow slew them, as well as Calial and the Draith Lord. The most upsetting part of it all was the fact that The Saviors did not defeat his Priest and the Draith Lord, but rather it was a single individual, Jeszekia Venumroot. She accomplished the impossible task and did so with a simple bit of alchemy.
I will not tolerate such insolence. This will not happen again.
He pulled the crystal from his throne, placed it into the palm of his staff, and jammed his staff into the floor.
"Show yourselves. Now!" Hasbarie screamed.
A portal appeared before him. Within a matter of seconds the three other Dark Priests, Pader, Soth, and Azzer appeared.
"Calial has fallen," Hasbarie said, in a hushed voice.
"We are sorry, Lord Hasbarie," Azzer said, hoping his apology would quench Hasbarie's wrath. 
"You are?" Hasbarie asked, raising his brow. "Tell me something I do not know. You are worthless!"
"Has-Has-Hasbarie," Pader choked out. "We live to serve you. What can we do to right this wrong?"
Hasbarie's pale white face wrinkled and tightened. He reached inside of the portal, grabbed Pader by the throat, and pulled him through.
Pader landed face down in a pool of black blood. Hasbarie stepped on the back of his neck and held him under.
"What you can do, is not... fail... me... again!" The Lord of the Dead boomed, pausing between each word and pressing his foot down harder on the back of Pader's neck.
"We will not," Soth said. "Do not hold Calial's failure over our heads. He has always been the weakest amongst us."
Hasbarie stared at them as Pader's feet kicked and twitched. He pressed his boot down even harder.
"If Calial were here, I would reanimate him just so I could kill him myself," he paused. "Pader will be a sufficient substitute."
Hasbarie lifted his foot and stomped it onto the back of Pader's head over and over again. The Dark Priest's feet went still and his body limp. Hasbarie rolled him over onto his back. He touched Pader with his staff. Pader's eyes shot open. He coughed violently, expelling a great deal of the stagnant blood from his lungs.
The Dark Wizard waved his staff and Pader hovered above the ground. Hasbarie approached him. 
"P-p-p-please," Pader begged. "I am sor-sor-sorry."
Hasbarie placed his hand on Pader's head. The Dark Priest screamed in agony. Hasbarie removed his hand. A steady stream of blood snaked its way from Pader's head, following Hasbarie's hand like a serpent under the spell of a flute. The Dark Wizard waved his hand to the side, splattering Pader's blood on the wall, and the Dark Priest collapsed onto the ground.
"I possess complete control over life and death. It would be wise if my Priests remembered that," Hasbarie said, as he watched Pader's blood trickle down the fleshy wall. "My Priests claim their loyalty, their love, to me, yet they fail me. What does that lead me to believe?"
"We will not fail you," Soth said, falling to his knees.
"We shall see," Hasbarie said.
The Dark Wizard ran his hand over the bloody wall, absorbing Pader's blood into the palm of his hand. He approached the fallen Priest, pointed his hand at him, and released the blood into Pader's gaping mouth. The Priest's eyes shot open again, and he sat upright.
"Get out of my sight!" Hasbarie yelled.
Pader scrambled his way back to the portal and jumped through to the other side. Hasbarie snatched the crystal from the palm of his staff and the portal closed.
The Dark Wizard stood, motionless, for several moments. Fury clouded his mind. He could not stop thinking about the failure of Calial and the Draith Lord. The Saviors were in his clutches, but somehow escaped once again. The Wizard was even rendered useless during the battle, his magic had become depleted defending the marsh, and still, they prevailed.
A Priest, a Draith Lord, Shadowmen, Breathless, Hethern, Vraymen, and a Gargantuan. Hasbarie dug at the soft flesh of his skull with his long nails. All those creatures could not capture the marsh or even destroy The Saviors, not even one of them. Hasbarie paced around the throne room. But, they came close. If not for the Raptilian and her poison, the outcome would have been much different. My unopposed reign over Calencia would have begun today. The Saviors will only grow stronger. I need. . . I need more troops at my disposal.
Hasbarie stormed out of the throne room, heading for the center of the Onock.
"Mother!" Hasbarie cried, bursting into her chamber. "Mother!"
"What is it, my son?" Mother asked with her watery voice.
"We did not secure the marsh! The Saviors defeated my Priest and the Draith Lord. You said the Draith Lord was unconquerable!" Hasbarie yelled. "You said the marsh would fall, and a few of The Saviors, if not all of them, but they did not."
"Do not worry, Hasbarie. It is not over yet. Keep your mind focused on the ultimate plan. We need a new crystal, and not just any crystal. If any crystal would work, we could reconstruct your old one. No. We need a crystal pulled from the chest of a Master Wizard. Be patient-"
"No! No! No!" Hasbarie roared. "I am tired of being patient! I will deal with them myself. I will rip the crystal from Locmire's chest with my own hands!"
Mother wrapped a tentacle around his neck. "Do not be foolish," she said, tightening her grip. Hasbarie shuttered at her touch. "I know you become more restless each day, but you must do nothing to jeopardize your well being. We are not strong enough to defeat them just yet, but we will be. All we can do is keep challenging them as they attempt to complete their quest. If we are lucky, one of them will fall before they enter the valley and march on the Onock. If a single Savior dies before they enter our domain, all hope for Calencia is lost."
Her tentacle wrapped around his neck several times. He tugged at the fleshy appendage, attempting to break free of her unloving embrace. His feet dangled above the ground.
Mother realized that she was showing Hasbarie too much tough love and released her hold on him.
Hasbarie collapsed onto the ground and clutched at his throat. He blinked his eyes repeatedly as he looked up at her. He made his way to his feet and spoke.
"If you," he cleared his throat. "If you ever treat me like that again, I promise I will destroy us both."
He could hear Mother's heart beating throughout the Onock. Its walls thumped with each pump.
"I am sorry, my son, but you frighten me when you speak that way," Mother said, stroking his head. "Is a Mother not permitted to fear for her son?"
"I suppose," Hasbarie scoffed.
"You know that I would never harm you. I just worry about you. Without a crystal, your life-force will dwindle away if you wander from the Onock. Any mother would react the same," she said.
"You are right, Mother. I acted foolishly." He kissed her tentacle. "Can you forgive my stupidity?"
"Hasbarie, you never need to ask for my forgiveness. I am your mother, and a mother can never stay mad at her child for long," she replied.
"This has all been very frustrating," Hasbarie told her. "The Saviors are proving more capable than I believed. I underestimated them once before. I will not do the same this time."
"Do not worry, my son. They will fall. We are much stronger than before and becoming much more so every day. Stop dwelling on lost battles. A war is not won during a single encounter. The plan is in place. They do not understand. You should focus your energy on the next task at hand," Mother told him.
"Fogarth," The Dark Wizard said with an ever widening smile.
Chapter 34
Answers
"Just around the next bend, eh?" Oggy asked. "It feels like we have been walking for hours, and I still do not see a village."
"We have been walkin fur hours," Red said. "Lookie thar, da sun be's falling outta sight."
"We'z will arrive any minute," Jeszekia replied. "It iz juzt around ze next bend."
"If Caleb were here, he could just fly the coast and tell us how far away this village is," River added.
"Is he still in the ocean?" Lot asked.
"Last time me sees em, he be jumpin in and out of da water, gettin furder from da coast wiff each jump," Red said.
"It has been quite some time since I laid eyes upon him," Azonis added. "I hope he has not been eaten."
"Dat be a pretty big fish ta eat a dolphin," Red replied.
"You would be surprised at the size of the aquatic life in Calencia's oceans," Rasmere said.
"It don't madder," Red said, smiling. "Da village juss be around da next bend!"
Before anyone laughed at Red's jape, Urganox shouted out, "If Jeszekia says that the village is around the next bend, then it is around the next bend!" He stopped in his tracks and faced his companions. "Does anyone disagree with that statement?"
"Iffin she says it be's around da next bend, den it be's around da next bend," Red blurted out. "Ye don't see me askin no questions."
"That is exactly what I suspected," The Brazurkin King said.
Thaddeus patted Urganox on his large, green, shoulder, "Take it easy big fellow. No one means any harm, just trying to pass the time."
"They will not pass it at Jeszekia's expense," Urganox answered.
"Zat iz enough, Urggy," Jeszekia said as she wrapped her arm around his. "They mean me no harm."
"Ohhhh," Red mocked. "Urggy. Me likes da sound of dat."
"Call me Urggy one more time, Pirate!" Urganox growled.
Red, not being able to resist, said, "Sorry, Urggy. It won't happen again."
The Brazurkin King started to charge the smart mouthed Pirate, but Jeszekia held tight to his arm. He turned to find her smiling from ear hole to ear hole. Her warm grin calmed the storm inside of him. He returned the smile and continued to walk along the coastline, hoping the village was around the next bend, which it was.
"Zee," Jeszekia smiled. "I told you zat it waz around ze next bend."
"Me never doubted ye for a moment," Red chuckled.
Red screamed and drew his pistol as Caleb landed on his shoulder. Caleb flew in front of him and shifted.
"Did I miss anything?" Caleb asked.
"You bout ta be missin a few feathers iffin ye do me like dat again!"
"Sorry friend. Won't happen again."
"Nah, ye not miss nuttin. Just Urggy throwin a tissy."
Urganox turned and growled.
"See what me means," Red said.
Approaching the village, it became apparent that no one lived there any longer. The village's livestock had run amuck, eating the few crops that the villagers grew in the sandy soil and taking up residence in the abandoned homes. 
Locmire noticed that their fishing boats were missing. They fled by sea. By the looks of it, they left in a hurry. Maybe Calial came through this way?
After half an hour, The Saviors had cleared several of the small huts and the meeting hall of its animal inhabitants. Locmire, River, and Jeszekia shared a hut together. Thaddeus, Urganox, Ryker, and Azonis shared another. Lot, Rasmere, Oggy, Red, and Caleb would stay in the other.
It was getting close to nightfall, and the group had not eaten. Locmire touched his staff to an empty water barrel, filling it with crisp, clean water. They hovered around the barrel and lapped the water up with their hands. 
"My time is short and we have many things to discuss," Locmire said, wiping water from his chin. "Shall we?"
"Yes," Thaddeus answered. "We are all eager to get answers."
"Has anyone saw Red?" Caleb asked.
"Ahoy!" the Pirate called out, pushing a wooden cart. "Do ye's be ready to eat?"
"Eat?" Urganox asked. "Where have you been?"
"Cookin up grub," he replied.
Red pushed the cart next to them. To their surprise, it was filled with roasted, actually charred, meat and poultry. Red proudly presented them with four goats, five chickens, and two jugs of goat's milk.
"Da chicken be's done. Not so sure about da goat. Hopes ye likes it rare," he said with a grin.
"Thank you, Red. This will do good to satisfy our hunger. I always find it better to discuss important matters over a full stomach," said Locmire.
Inside the meeting hall, The Saviors feasted on Red's treats. The goat meat was well done on the outside, warm and juicy on the inside. The chicken, which Jeszekia could not get enough of, was cooked to a golden brown. Sweet and creamy goat's milk proved to be the perfect drink to wash down their meal.
"You should count yourself lucky that you was off cooking for everyone," Urganox said as he tore away at an entire leg of goat.
"Why do ye say dat?" Red asked.
Chewing furiously, then swallowing, Urganox answered, "Because I was ready to pound you for not helping us rid the huts of the livestock and cleaning out their mess."
"Me's not afraid of a lil hard work," Red replied. "Me wudda be right in thar wiff ye, but me decided dat everyone needed a good meal."
"You did well," Urganox said. 
"Thank you, Red," River said. "It is delicious."
Everyone nodded in agreement as they ravaged their meal like a pack of wild animals.
"I know you all have many questions," Locmire said, catching them off guard. "And I will try to answer as many of them as I can, but first, let me tell you what it is that I need to tell you."
"Story time, eh?" Oggy asked. "Let me clear the table."
"No need," Locmire said. "Time is short."
"Very well," Oggy said, as he chewed on a large chunk of meat.
"This is the prophecy as it was revealed to me. I did not disclose certain portions of it because it had no immediate impact on us, and as I already told you, prophecies can sometimes change," Locmire said. 
The Wizard stood from his chair and paced the room. The Saviors thirsted for information. They sat eagerly awaiting his tale.
"Five hundred years ago I was but a simple Looker. The prophecy revealed to me was one of the most important prophecies to ever be read. This glimpse of the future eventually elevated me to the rank of Master Wizard." Locmire removed his hood and rubbed his head. "I could drag this tale out for days, but I do not have the luxury of time. As we speak, I fear Fogarth is under attack, so I will give you the short version and answer your questions and concerns."
"The story can wait," Thaddeus said as he stood. "We should go to the aid of Fogarth."
"No. The lot of you must hear the details of the prophecy. Fogarth is not in our prophecy. If I go to Fogarth, I may not return, and you must know what has been revealed to me," Locmire said. "I know how you feel, Thaddeus, but please, take your seat."
Thaddeus, frustrated, sat back down on his chair.
"After Hasbarie was destroyed, and the Onock disappeared, I returned to Fogarth. In deep meditation, the Sands of Seeing revealed another prophecy. It showed Hasbarie's return, along with the Onock, to threaten Calencia once more. I witnessed the attacks on the kingdoms. I saw Dead Marsh fall," before he could finish, Jeszekia lashed out at him.
"You zaw ze Dead Marzh fall and did not warn uz? How could you keep zumthing like zat from uz?" Queen Venumroot asked. "I could have zaved my people!"
"Please let me finish," Locmire pleaded.
She stared at him for several moments before returning to her seat.
"What puzzles me is that I did not see the attack or fall of Morgorath. I saw the Dark Priests resurrecting Hasbarie. I saw the return of the Onock, but was not shown its location. I saw powerful beings, the Draith Lords and the return of Hasbarie's forces," he paused to collect his thoughts. "The prophecy showed Hasbarie's destruction of Calencia."
"What?" Thaddeus asked, standing once more. This time he was not alone. Everyone was on their feet. "Calencia will fall?"
"What are we even doing here? Is there no hope?" Azonis asked.
"I also saw another future, where Calencia thrived." This seemed to calm them as they all sat back down. "Hasbarie cannot return to full power unless he possesses an intact crystal powerful enough to sustain his life. There is one such crystal left in existence," Locmire said as he tapped his chest.
"Yours?" Urganox wondered aloud.
"Yes, and I do not plan on him taking the crystal from my chest. The Dark Priests found another way. They possess three parts of Hasbarie's crystal. We now possess the fourth. While at this moment they are useless, other than allowing entrance into Fodder Valley, if Hasbarie can manage to obtain the blood from the descendants of the original Saviors, his crystal can be made whole once more. It will suffice even though it will not provide him as much power as my own. Either way, if he gets his hands on an intact crystal, all hope will be lost. Calencia will fall," Locmire said. "That is why I have been so adamant about bringing the seven of you together. While each of you are very capable individually, you are much more so together. You seven share a special bond. A bond born of love, hate, and desperation. I do not know the significance of this bond, but I know exists. I have felt it already."
"As have I," Lot said. "After Dead Marsh, I experienced every ounce of Jeszekia's pain."
"Fascinating," Locmire said. "What about the rest of you? Did you experience her grief as well?"
They all nodded.
"Now that the seven of you are together, and with my help, as well as the others, it will be difficult for Hasbarie to obtain the blood from one of you, let alone all seven. If even one of you fall before we reach Hasbarie's domain, all hope is lost. The Priests can enter Fodder Valley freely with the four shards, but no one else can, no one except the seven of you. For us to gain entrance to Fodder Valley, we must have the four shards and the seven Saviors," Locmire said.
The Wizard walked circles around the room. They could tell that he had more to say but struggled to find the words.
"Is there anything else?" Lot asked.
Locmire grinned. "There is so much more that I would like to tell you. Not of things concerning the prophecy. Wizards have always been. We have seen many things. There is a whole world out there that I would love to tell you of if we had the time." He paused and took a deep breath. "There is one more thing."
"What is it?" Thaddeus asked, not sure if he wanted to hear Locmire's answer.
"I said that I do not plan on letting Hasbarie take the crystal from my chest. I will need help with that plan." Locmire took a breath and let it out. "Both endings of the prophecy revealed my death."
The room grew cold and still. This was not the news that The Saviors had expected to hear.
"Do not worry," Locmire tried to assure them. "I do not fear death, for it is not truly the end. As long as you keep my crystal from Hasbarie, all should be well."
River shook her head. "No," she cried as tears fell down her face. "You cannot die. You. . . you. . . . " She pressed her face into the palms of her hands and sobbed.
Lot placed his hand between her shoulder blades and comforted her with a side to side motion.
"You said that a prophecy could be changed. Can you not change this outcome?" Lot asked.
"Unfortunately, no. I do not know the circumstances surrounding my death. All I know is that my crystal must be protected," Locmire told him.
"Can he not use the crystal from another Wizard's chest?" Lot asked.
"It would not be powerful enough," Locmire replied.
"What happened to the crystals from the other Master Wizards?" Oggy asked.
"They are destroyed along with the Wizard from fear of an instance like this. There is great power in a Wizard's crystal, and steps must be taken to prevent a crystal from falling into the wrong hands," Locmire replied.
"Then why not leave now?" Thaddeus asked. "We have all the information we need. You could just turn away."
"He is right," Azonis said. "We would not think any less of you."
"You have done much for us, Wizard. Let us take the reins from here," Urganox said.
Locmire grinned. It warmed his soul to know that this group of beings cared for him so. Throughout his entire existence, Locmire had longed for friendship and had almost found it on occasion, but the life of a Wizard was not defined by friendships and relationships, but rather by bringing balance to Calencia when needed.
"That is not an option. I feel there are still many trying tasks ahead that will require my expertise." Locmire sat back down. "Do not worry over me. I had five hundred years to accept my destiny. I am well with it."
"There must be some way to avert this fate?" Caleb asked.
"I suppose if we defeated Hasbarie before the time of my death. . . possibly, but I do not think that Hasbarie will be destroyed swiftly," Locmire replied.
"I am zorry for zis fate, Wizard," Jeszekia added. "I thank you for your aid. Alzhough my kingdom waz deztroyed, many of my people were zaved, thankz to you."
"There is no need to thank me. I am doing what is required of me," Locmire said.
"I have a question," Rasmere, who had remained silent for the better part of the conversation, asked. "What happened to the other Master Wizards?"
"Ah," Locmire said. "That is another tale on its own. I am sorry, Rasmere, but I cannot speak of those things at this moment."
"Hasbarie either needs your crystal, or the four shards of his crystal, along with the blood from each of us to return to full power? Correct?" Thaddeus asked.
"Correct," Locmire replied.
"Why not destroy them?" Thaddeus asked.
"Have you lost your mind?" Azonis asked.
"No," Locmire replied. "That is a good question. We need the four crystal shards to gain entrance into Fodder Valley, so destroying them is not an option, not yet."
"And your crystal?" Thaddeus asked.
"As a Wizard grows in power, so does the strength of his crystal. When King Ryker Graystone destroyed Hasbarie's crystal, the Dark Wizard was not as strong as I am now. My crystal cannot be destroyed by anyone other than a Master Wizard. My flesh can perish, but my power cannot. Since I am the last Master Wizard, destroying my crystal is not an option. That is why when I die, my crystal must be protected, for eternity. It must never fall into the wrong hands."
"Can you just not destroy the shard we have and then flee yourself? If the shard is destroyed, it will not matter if Hasbarie takes our blood. He cannot return to power, and if you are hidden to him, then what? Would he simply fade away?" Thaddeus asked.
"No. The Onock is giving him enough power to ravage Calencia. He would perish, but not before all was lost. Either way, if we do not destroy him, or he obtains a crystal, Calencia will fall," Locmire replied.
"Would it be possible for you to destroy your own crystal?" Thaddeus asked.
"Thaddeus!" River cried out.
"I am only asking. We must consider all options."
"If it were that easy. A Wizard cannot take his own life, and even if I could, Hasbarie would remain in Fodder Valley, slowly sucking the life from Calencia."
"Seems that destroying him and protecting your crystal is our only hope," Rasmere said.
"It is," Locmire answered.
"So we need to focus on getting the shards and not dying?" Urganox asked.
"Yes."
"Easy enough," Urganox replied.
"Well dat bad Wizard bedder be watchin out. Iffin me sees him, he gonna get a bullet between dem thar black eyes of his," Red said, drawing his piece and waving it around the room.
"Put that thing away before you hurt someone!" Oggy cried.
"Or yourself," Urganox added.
"Ole Red be's handy wiff da lead shooter." 
He twirled the pistol around on his finger and shoved it back down in his belt.
BANG!
Red jumped up from his seat, squealing in pain; the others squealed in laughter. He hopped on his good foot, and clutched the other, cursing with every breath.
"Have a seat," Locmire said, sliding a chair next to Red.
Red plopped down in the chair. Locmire removed Red's boot and held his foot in his hands. Red felt the familiar warmth run up his leg.
"Me is sure gonna miss dat."
Locmire patted him on the knee and returned to his seat, ready to explain his plans to them, even though he knew that the group would not like them.
"Now that everyone knows the details, and what is at stake, I must depart for Fogarth," he turned to the Human King. "Thaddeus, use the portation stone and lead the group to Lasticall or Galdarath. I suspect you will find another Dark Priest nearby each of those kingdoms. Look for someplace secluded that one could hide, such as a cavern or old ruins."
"I will not," Thaddeus replied. "I am going with you. We all are."
Their decision was unanimous. Even Ryker barked his approval.
"Fogarth does not concern you. I can take care of Fogarth, but your lot must secure Calencia's future by retrieving the crystal shards. We must have them to face Hasbarie. This is not negotiable," Locmire told him.
"I am going also," Lot said. "When do we leave."
"Rrrrrufff," Ryker barked.
"I am going alone. I do not-"
"We are going. There is nothing you can do to stop us," Thaddeus said.
Knowing that his protests would not sway the persistent brothers, Locmire said, "Very well. Thaddeus and Lot will come with me. Azonis, you will lead the others to Lasticall in search of the Dark Priest."
 Ryker barked and tugged at Locmire's robe. 
"Yes, Ryker, you are coming as well." 
The Hormut's docked tail came alive with excitement.
"We should all come with you," River said.
"The quest must go on," Locmire told her. "We will be gone for a short time. Hopefully, another Dark Priest will fall by the time we arrive back in Calencia. If you find one Priest, travel to the other kingdom and search for the other."
"How do you know where they are?" Caleb asked.
"The prophecy," Locmire smiled.
"Where is the fourth Priest?" Oggy asked.
". . . Fogarth," Locmire replied.
"I can promise you that if we find them, I will not give them the time to launch an elaborate assault on us. I will crush the Priests on sight!" Urganox exclaimed, slamming his massive fist down on the table.
"I think by now you all understand of what destruction Dark Priests are capable. Be cautious and do not become over confident, even when victory is certain. Help one another, work cohesively, and I assure you that none can stand in your path," Locmire said. "I hate to cut this short, but we must leave. Find rest and depart first thing in the morning."
Locmire handed Azonis a portation stone and asked, "Do you know how to use this?" 
"Yes, I think so," Azonis said. "Be careful, Wizard."
"You do the same," Locmire replied.
The group said their brief goodbyes, then the bodies of Locmire, Thaddeus, Lot, and Ryker's faded away.
Chapter 35
Return to Lasticall
The morning sun climbed over the horizon earlier than any of them preferred; it seemed they slept a few moments before rolling out of bed and meeting near the water's edge.
Oggy stood by Azonis's side, squinting, as the yellow rose eased its way into full bloom.
"So, here we are a few hours united and now split once more," Oggy said, shielding his eyes. "When do we leave?"
"Now," Azonis answered. "Everyone gather your things and meet back here in five minutes. I am not happy about the fact that our strength is divided once again, but I long to see Lasticall, even though it has just been a few days since I departed from my kingdom."
Everyone gathered their gear, except for Rasmere. Everything he owned was on his person. He approached the Sestian.
"Believe it or not, I long to see Lasticall as well," Rasmere said, squinting his eyes as the sun climbed over the horizon to the east.
"It is easy to miss a kingdom as wonderful as ours," Azonis said. "Especially considering the places we have traveled to. Death and darkness have stolen our light."
Ours? "It is. I hope Lasticall fairs well. I feared for its safety since we left," Rasmere said.
"I am sure all is well," Azonis said. "We are the Engeniums. We persevere."
"Let me ask you. If you were in Lasticall, or even in the vicinity, where would you go and hide?" Rasmere asked.
Azonis stroked his chin. "The ravine," he said.
"Precisely," Rasmere answered. "But could a person survive the horrors that lurk down there?"
"If you were a horror yourself, then yes, one could survive in the ravine," Azonis answered. "Every other place in Lasticall is patrolled or occupied. If a strange Human was hiding in the forest or one of the caves, some of our people would have seen them."
"Then I stay hopeful that this wild goose chase will come to an abrupt end," Rasmere said.
"Come to think of it, I know an Engenium who once visited the ravine and came back in one piece. If the Priest is hiding in the ravine, your familiarity with that region will be invaluable," Azonis said. He gave Rasmere a friendly slap across the back.
"Azonis," Rasmere struggled to speak his name.
"Yes, Rasmere?" he replied.
"Can you forgive me for my actions as of late?" the Sword asked.
It looked as if someone had laid a sword to Azonis's throat and drug the blade through the flesh of his neck.
"I. . .you. . . you need not ask for my forgiveness. It is I who should ask for yours. You responded with actions mirroring the treatment you received. I harbor no more ill will toward you, Rasmere. Whether I liked it or not, you have always been loyal to me, and we shared many adventures together. No two Engeniums could experience the things we have and not grow fond of one another." Azonis squared his shoulders and looked Rasmere in the eyes. "I would like to consider you a friend if you would accept my friendship."
Rasmere stared at the ground, running his hand over his bronze colored, bald, head. At times he had despised Azonis, but other times admired him. Rasmere never imagined that they would have this conversation. When he envisioned an open ended discussion with Azonis, he always pictured himself telling the Sestian exactly what he thought of him, but never asking for his forgiveness, or ever forging a friendship with him. But here he was.
"I hope we are not just caught up in the moment and making promises and forging friendships that will not last," Rasmere said, extending his hand. "It would be my honor to call you friend."
Azonis accepted Rasmere's outstretched hand and said, "I will not let you, nor your people, down again. Thank you, Rasmere. You have lifted a great burden from my soul."
"I believe you sincere. Do not make me out to be a fool," Rasmere responded.
"I will make you proud to call me a friend," Azonis told him. Or I will die trying.
Their moment of revelation came to a premature end when the others came to them.
"We be's ready," Red said. "Does Lastercall have an ample supply of wine and wenches?"
"I am afraid we will have no time for leisure," Azonis said. "Rasmere has a good idea as to where the Dark Priest may be hiding in our kingdom."
"Where?" Urganox added.
"In the bottom of the ravine," Rasmere said.
"Ze ravine zat zurroundz Lazticall?" Jeszekia asked. "I heard terrible talez of zat place. No one should ever enter ze ravine. Evil dwellz zere."
"Evil, eh? Seems an apt place for the Dark Priest to flee. It will be as if he has come home," Oggy said.
"There is no evil that can keep me from getting my hands on this Priest," Urganox added.
"We can speak of those evils all we want, but nothing is getting done while we only speak of action. It is time for us to go," Azonis said as he produced the blue portation stone.
They huddled around the Sestian as he held the stone in his palm.
"Everyone concentrate on Lasticall. If your recall, Thaddeus placed a stone at the western gate. Think of the western gate leading into Lasticall," Azonis said.
A white light grew from the stone, and a loud, piercing, noise declared war on their ears. They shielded their eyes from the light. When they opened them again, they found themselves staring at the gate leading into Lasticall.
Red stretched himself out, raising his arms high above his head and bending backward at the waist.
"Dat hurt a bit," Red said. 
"Quit your complaining. You sound like a woman," Urganox said.
"Welcome to our kingdom," Azonis said, smiling. "Welcome to Lasticall."
From atop the wall a voice cried out, "Azonis! Is it really you?"
"Yes, it is I. Open the gates," the Sestian ordered.
The bridge descended, and the gate rose. A handful of High Engenium soldiers wearing ornate golden armor met them in the middle of the bridge.
"Sestian Ferrini, we are glad you have returned," the guard said.
"It is good to be home, but my stay will be a short one. Send Tontal to me at once," Azonis commanded.
The guards looked at one another queerly. 
"Sestian Ferrini, Tontal is not here. You missed him," the guard replied.
"What do you mean, I missed him? Where is he?" Azonis asked.
I have seen that look before. I must choose my words wisely. "He set north two days ago to meet with the Humans and the Dainties. They plan on marching against Hasbarie," the guard responded, voice quavering.
"To meet with the Dainties!" Oggy exclaimed. "What is going on? My people should be under the mountain!"
"Who came up with this grand plan?" Azonis asked.
"The acting Human king, Sebastian Buxton," the guard answered.
"And Tontal agreed to this?" Azonis asked.
"Yes, Sestian Ferrini," the guard said. "A messenger from Galdarath came. Tontal met with him and afterward mobilized the army."
"The Human messenger left with Nezzer, heading toward Dead Marsh," another guard stated. "Did they not find you?"
"No," Azonis said. "We have not seen Nezzer or his Human companion."
"That is not all," the guard said.
"Out with it," Azonis demanded.
"Another Human and Raptilian came to Lasticall seeking King Graystone and his brother. They acted suspicious. Nezzer and the Human set out to look for them while on their way to Dead Marsh. We had patrols out but did not find them. Only a trail of bodies leading from Lasticall toward Dead Marsh."
"Did they say who they were?" Azonis asked. 
"No. They claimed to be messengers from Galdarath. That is all we know," the guard answered.
"What did thiz Raptilian look like?" Jeszekia asked.
"He looked like every other Raptilian, except for his face. His face was a bright blue," the guard told her.
Jeszekia looked like she had seen a ghost. Her nostril slits flared, and her eyes grew large.
"What is wrong?" Urganox asked.
"Zere iz juzt one Raptilian with a faze like zat," she took a deep breath. "Zathilliuz Kraven."
"Who is this Raptilian?" Azonis asked.
"I haz not heard hiz name for yearz. He iz a painful memory zat I zought long dead." Jeszekia's tail swept back and forth creating a "blllurt" sound as it crossed the cracks in the bridge. "He waz an azzazzian for ze Shadowz. When King Grayztone took up armz againzt zem, I believed him dead. Ziz doez not bode well. Zathilliuz iz very dangerouz. He iz a cold blooded killer."
"They are no concern to me. Only the Dark Priest deserves our attention at this moment," Azonis said. "Have any of the Engeniums, either High or Forest, reported any strangers in Lasticall?"
"No, Sestian. All has been calm," the guard answered.
"Then we will descend into the ravine at once," Azonis said. He turned to Rasmere. "You are the only Engenium to ever enter the ravine and return. Will you lead us?"
"Yes. I can lead us into the ravine. But be forewarned. We will face horrors in the ravine unlike any you have ever seen. Creatures that only I have lived to speak of."
"If anyone can gain us safe entrance and exit from the ravine, it is you, Rasmere. We are ready if you are," Azonis said.
"There will be creatures down there that will test us physically, emotionally, and mentally. I do not wish to sound harsh, but if you do not think yourself capable of dealing with such challenges, I urge you to stay in the kingdom until we return. No one will think ill of you or call you craven. It is safer this way. We will not be able to carry anyone who falls behind," Rasmere said, speaking swift and stern.
He just spoke more in a few minutes than I heard him speak in days, River thought. What he said hit home with River. She was unsure if she could deal with another being that might prey off her emotions or her mind.
With head hung low, River said, "I think it would be best if I stayed behind."
"There is no shame in that," Azonis told her with a hand on her shoulder. "The guards will see you well fed and house you in the finest quarters in all of Lasticall. The Sestian's chamber."
"I can go if you need me," River said, ashamed.
"No," Rasmere said. "It takes a stronger person to admit weakness than it does to lie to one's self. We will see you shortly." Looking around he asked, "Is there anyone else?"
No one replied.
"Follow me," Rasmere said.
He led them to the other side of the bridge, the forest side, and revealed a steep, narrow, path that descended into the darkness below Lasticall.
Chapter 36
Battle for Fogarth
Every capable body stood with the Mazzers in the desert, shoulder to shoulder, with their staffs, scepters, and blades in hand. No one said a word. They stood motionless, awaiting the arrival of Hasbarie's army.
The Golden Tower of the Wizards was empty, except for a handful of old and feeble lesser Wizards whose better days were long behind them. Crazin, the Looker who saw this prophecy concerning the attack on Fogarth was long gone with the Sands of Seeing in tow to an undisclosed location. 
The army, if considered an army, which stayed to defend Fogarth was comprised of six Mazzers, three Wailers, a dozen mid-level Wizards, and a Reacher. 
Mid-level Wizards, or Jouryers, placed protective enchantments and magical traps all around them, but their magic was weak and underdeveloped. The spells would do little damage, but might be enough to slow Hasbarie's forces so the Mazzers could do what they did best.
No one in Fogarth ever expected an attack, especially an attack of this magnitude, on their home land. Fogarth was impenetrable, but if the Sands were correct, and they always were, the Wizards' home would fall victim to an attack in a matter of minutes.
Caussius stood still as a stone, listening and watching. So far, no signs of unrest presented itself. His blue-hued armor sparkled in the glinting sun. He carried a blade in one hand, scepter in the other. Jasix, Nabee, Vaden, Boll, and Yestin backed him, poised and ready to strike.
"Anything?" Boll asked.
"Silence!" Caussius whispered. "Stay silent!"
Boll nodded his head.
They had been standing in the desert for two hours when a great wind arose, surrounding them in dust. Gut wrenching screams and shrill shrieks came from within the storm. The burning, molten sun that always beat down upon the desert grew dark, and the temperature dropped considerably.
"It is time," Caussius said. "Stand ready!"
The Menders, who had given Thaddeus his new arm, came bursting out of the Golden Tower sitting in hulking mechanical apparatuses that increased their size threefold.
"Get back inside. Now!" Caussius ordered.
"No," Jatin returned. "We have come to defend our kingdom."
Torrin said, "If Fogarth is going to fall, we will not go easily."
"If this is the end, we will go out fighting," Blaustir said. "These devices will give us an upper hand in battle."
"I command you to flee from here, now!" Caussius demanded.
"This is our home, Caussius," Jatin returned. "We have the right to defend it."
"With these special armor suits we are much stronger, faster, and more combat efficient than any creature in all of Calencia. Let us even the odds," Blaustir said.
"I do not suspect the prophecy had taken these suits into account," Torrin added.
They do look quite menacing, Caussius thought. I cannot deny that the Menders are skilled beyond belief. This may give us a chance.
"Very well," Caussius said. "But be warned, we cannot aid you in battle. We are not trained to defend, only to kill. If things turn for the worse, then you will be on your own."
"Understood," Jatin said.
Caussius jumped back as the ground beneath him rumbled. Hundreds of decayed hands appeared from the sand seeking someone, or something, to clasp onto and pull below the surface.
Caussius and the Mazzers hacked away at the hands with their magically imbued weapons. Fire and electricity sparked under the clouded sun.
As the Mazzers contended with the hungry hands, the Jouryers disappeared into the wall of sand, one by one, so quickly that they did not even have time to scream. For each Jouryer that disappeared, another protective enchantment became defunct. 
Vaden hacked away at a pair of hands locked around his ankle when something wrapped around his neck and pulled him toward the wall of sand, but the wilted hands refused to let go, capturing him in the middle of a deadly game of tug-of-war, but also giving him a split second to act. He touched the scepter in his offhand to the tentacle pulling at his neck and released a small, but powerful explosion, obliterating it. A loud cry came from within the sand storm as the tentacle withered away. He cut himself free from the hands that groveled at his ankles and pushed forward, hacking and slashing at the ground.
"Look out!" Boll cried as he dove out of the way escaping the charge of two massive creatures reminiscent of the Bull Gods from long ago.
 The lower half of their bodies were that of a horse, four legs and long flowing tail, with the torso and arms of a hairy beast, and the head of a bull with long, thick, horns. Each of them were twice the size of the average Brazurkin. They wielded gigantic kite shields, thick iron maces, and bad intentions.
Everyone managed to get out of the way of their charge. Everyone except Nabee. The Bull God gored him through his chest, shattering his crystal. A great explosion of light erupted from within him. Nabee crumpled to the ground. The other beast struck Nabee with his mace, swatting the Mazzer through the air like a tiny insect. 
"Nabee!" Yestin cried as he slid to the fallen warrior's side. 
It was too late. 
Yestin stood, clamping down on the hilt of his sword. He did not speak a word. Vaden came to his side. They had trained together for hundreds of years; they could read one another's thoughts.
Yestin and Vaden charged the Bull God, the one who gored Nabee. Using both might and magic, the two Mazzers let loose an unrelenting fury of attacks on the beast. They attacked together, unleashing magical blasts of fire, lightning, and force from their scepters, while slashing and stabbing at the beast's legs and stomach.
Vaden focused his magic in a defensive manner. Each time the Bull God attacked, Vaden unleashed a force blast, causing the Bull God's strikes to veer off course or stopping them completely.
Between Vaden disrupting his attacks and Yestin hacking away at his muscular legs, as well as scorching his hooves with flames, the Bull God flew into an untamable rage. He tried to shield himself, but the much smaller Mazzers were relentless in their attacks. The Bull God's front legs buckled, and he fell onto his knees. Yestin and Vaden climbed onto his back, hacking away at his hairy neck. Blood sprayed through the air like red rain, saturating them. The Bull God let out a loud cry and collapsed to the ground.
Jasix and Caussius finished dismembering their one third bull, one third horse, one third beast-like creature at the same time Vaden and Yestin jumped down onto the ground.
"Behind you!" Caussius cried out.
Vaden clutched at the tentacle wrapped around his throat. Before anyone could help him, he disappeared with a muffled scream.
"Into formation!" Caussius cried.
The remaining Mazzers, Caussius, Jasix, Boll, and Yestin grouped together, back to back, with their weapons ready.
Through the sand, Caussius saw the Menders engaging over a thousand walking corpses. The Menders, in their mechanical suits, bashed their way through the corpses. The Breathless stood no chance against the mechanical warriors.
An ear shattering cry tore through the desert, halting the battle. Caussius covered his ears and turned to see the Wailers, lead by Opper, screaming at the top of their lungs at an approaching group of Vraymen.
The Vraymens' tentacles whipped about trying to protect themselves from the Wailers' cries. Their screams continued for over a minute. They grew still for a moment, then convulsed right before exploding, sending blood and body parts flying through the air. The Wailers closed their mouths, and the battle continued where it had left off.
The Mazzers, Menders, and Wailers successfully fought off a score of Breathless, Vraymen, Shadow Men, Hethern, Bull Gods, and an Everafter. It took a great combined effort, but the Wizards of Fogarth had defended their home, and it looked as if the prophecy may have been wrong.
As the Mazzers struck down the last of Hasbarie's forces, the Wizards stood gazing at the heaps of fallen foes that soiled their sands.
"Is it over?" Jasix asked, still not letting down his guard.
Caussius took in a deep breath through his nose. Something in the air did not smell right.
"No," Caussius simply stated.
The ground rumbled once more, but this time five hundred armor clad skeletal warriors, wielding various bladed and blunt weapons, followed the rumbles.
The Mazzers and Menders met them head on, defeating the skeletal warriors with ease.
The Wailers stood next to the tower when another group of skeletons came at them. The Wailers let out their piercing cry, shattering the bones of the entire approaching skeleton army.
During the fray, a booming voice came from within the sand storm, saying, "Enough!"
A shirtless figure, carrying a staff resembling an arm, appeared out of the storm. Black veins riddled his body. A large hole sat in the center of his chest.
He waved his staff, and the remaining skeletal warriors fell to the ground, each bone disarticulating, resembling the sound a wind chime would make in a storm.
The Wizards stood in awe as the figure approached them, taking his time, surveying the scene.
"Hasbarie," Caussius muttered. "You should have never returned here."
The leader of the Mazzers let out his war cry and charged the Dark Wizard. Hasbarie drew his staff and encircled Caussius in a reddish colored orb. Caussius struggled to free himself, his steel nor his spells effected his prison. Hasbarie cocked his head to the side, smiled, and the orb shrank, crushing Caussius as it did so. The Mazzers and the Menders rushed to his aid, but it was too late.
The Wailers cried out, but Hasbarie said, "Not this time," and with a wave of his staff, the tower behind them exploded, covering the Wailers in debris.
"You will pay for this!" Jasix cried, as he, too, rushed the Dark Wizard.
Hasbarie aimed his staff at Jasix. The ground before him opened up and swallowed Jasix. The hole closed and Jasix disappeared.
Boll and Yestin closed in on Hasbarie and circled him, continuously moving. The Dark Wizard let out a rumbling laugh. He spun in a circle, extending his appendage-like staff. The two Mazzers became suspended in mid air. Their bodies twisted and contorted in an unnatural fashion, but their screams lasted for only a moment. They fell to the ground, each of them tied into knots. Bones protruded from their skin and blood pumped freely from the wounds.
Hasbarie turned to the Menders. They tried to flee, but with a wave of his staff, they fell to the ground. Hasbarie hovered over them. He unleashed a fiery inferno upon them, turning their mechanical suits into an oven, cooking them alive.
The Lord of the Dead marveled in the stillness of the desert. Looking at the flood of death before him, Hasbarie felt a sense of peace. Fogarth had fallen at his hands. This was a tremendous victory for the Dark Wizard.
The sand storm raged on, and the darkness that hid the land became even blacker. Hasbarie smiled.
And they said I would never enter Fogarth again. Fools.
The Dark Wizard sorted through the rubble of the golden tower in search of the Sands of Seeing, to no avail. Frustrated, he decided to return to the safety of the Onock. His power was waning, but before he made use of the portation stone, his black eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed. The storm ended, and the blackness fled.
Soon, vultures and various other birds of prey feasted on the baking corpses of the Wizards. Hungry as they were, they refused to feast upon the flesh of Hasbarie's abominations.
Hasbarie did not lose total consciousness, but he was helpless, unable to move or make use of his magic. He was vulnerable.
I should have listened to Mother. I have risked everything by coming here. Now I lay defenseless. Soon, some of the Wizards who fled here, maybe even Locmire himself, will return to see the destruction and find me. It will all be over soon. I should have listened to Mother.
As he lay, white skin blistering under the intense heat of the desert sun, a slow darkness crept across the desert floor. It came from behind him and took him unawares. The darkness engulfed Hasbarie, cradled him in its arms, and whisked him away.
Mother, he thought as he closed his eyes in the safety of the darkness, his mother's embrace.
Chapter 37
The Ravine
"It would be wise to make as little noise as possible," Rasmere said, tip toeing across a decayed log. "We need to make this trip fast. In and out. Speak only when necessary, and then no louder than a whisper. Watch your footing. Don't step on twigs or loose rock."
"I could just fly through the ravine and look for the Priest," Caleb said in a hushed voice.
"You would not return. There are thousands of caves along the ravine's walls, each filled with a horror of some sort. I have seen winged creatures which could cut you in half with one snap of their beak," Rasmere said.
Caleb nodded. I don't like flying anyway.
"Follow me," Rasmere said, holding out his hand to help Jeszekia down from the log.
The deeper they journeyed into the ravine, the darker it became. The walls of the ravine were jagged and imperfect. They rolled in and out, deflecting any attempt the sun made to penetrate its depths, although light forced its way in here and there. Even though the floor of the ravine remained shielded from the sun, it was very warm. Steam rolled out of large cracks, a sign of the geothermal activity below the surface.
Rasmere counted his blessings for they encountered no creatures yet, but the signs of death proved something lurked there. Bones lay scattered about the bottom of the ravine. More than once the Saviors found large mounds of skeletal remains, signifying that whatever creature did this had been doing so for quite some time, as the ravine was a scarcely traveled region of Calencia.
Rasmere came to an abrupt halt. He inched his way over and put his back to the wall of the ravine and motioned for the others to do so as well. He hunkered down and pointed up ahead.
"Arachillium," Rasmere whispered. 
Azonis was the only one in the group, other than Rasmere, who knew what an Arachillium was, for the color seemed to streak from his face like a fresh painted canvas that had fallen victim to an unexpected shower.
The Arachillium scurried across the ravine with its eight enormous legs, climbing up and down the walls checking its intricate, table-sized webs. The bottom half of the Arachillium was spider like; large body and crooked legs, but the upper half took on a Human-like appearance; head, neck, and arms. The skin of its upper torso was pale green with a crimson, diamond-shaped, marking on its chest. A black tangle of hair hung from its misshapen head, falling down to its waist.
The Arachillium moved with great speed checking its webs, hoping above hope to find an unfortunate creature tangled up in the sticky strands.
Rasmere surveyed his surroundings, hoping there were no webs in their proximity. After a quick look over, a feeling of ease came over him. We are safe, he thought. He leaned back up against the wall, shut his eyes, and let out a hushed sigh of relief. He opened his eyes and his stomach tried to jump out of his throat. Right above them was a huge web with a yarkle struggling to free itself. 
"We have to move," Rasmere said. He looked back to see the Arachillium staring at them, licking its lips. "Too late."
Rasmere drew his bow and drove several arrows into the Arachillium's chest. The spider-like monster let out a cry of pain and scurried up the ravine's wall.
"Where did it go?" Oggy asked, holding his war hammer, ready to strike.
"Spread out," Azonis said as he readied his shield. 
"No," Rasmere said. "Stay together. It will pick us apart if we distance ourselves from one another."
The Saviors stood in a circle scanning the ravine's walls.
"Where is it?" Urganox asked, grinding his teeth. "Show yourself!" The Brazurkin King's voice echoed through the ravine.
"Juss tell da whole world dat we be down here," Red said.
"Don't you ever-" Urganox stopped mid speech and grabbed at his throat. The Arachillium's web sank deep into his neck.
"Urganox!" Jeszekia cried.
The Arachillium sat perched on a ledge in the darkness above them. It pulled up its web, hand over hand, hoisting the Brazurkin high into the air. He tore at his throat. Blood trickled down his neck and chest. No matter how hard Urganox tried, he could not get his fingers under the razor-sharp thread to free himself.
The Arachillium took a big whiff of the air, smelling the King's blood. A sinister smile grew on its green face. It hoisted him up at twice the rate.
Jeszekia loosed her trident and severed the link between Urganox and the spider. He landed on his feet and unwound the web from around his neck.
Red took aim and fired off five quick shots. The spider screamed again as one of its legs fell to the ravine's floor. Green blood spewed from the severed appendage. The Arachillium disappeared once more.
"Are you all right?" Jeszekia asked Urganox as she retrieved her trident.
"I am fine," Urganox said, looking in every direction. "Come back and try that again! Face me!"
"Quiet!" Rasmere whispered. "Listen."
At first, the noise was low and far off, but it grew much louder. They heard scuttling across the ravine's floor, mixed with hisses and clicking sounds.
"Something is headed our way," Oggy said, wrenching the handle of his hammer.
"Let them come!" Urganox said as he stomped forward to meet whatever creature was heading their way.
Urganox turned his ear to the sounds. He listened for a moment, then he squinted his eyes, moving his head from side to side, trying to see through the darkness. 
What is that! King Skullsplitter took a step back. A wave of creatures appeared out of the darkness and bolted toward him. They were the offspring of the Arachillium, hundreds of miniature versions of her.
King Skullsplitter tried to turn and flee, but they were upon him in an instant. His arms flailed about as he tried to rip them off of him, but their pointed legs dug into his flesh, and he could not remove them.
Rasmere drew the Bow of Elmidas and released five opas arrows, driving them through the torsos of the young Arachillium. They fell from the Green King's body, and he retreated back to the others.
Azonis and Oggy met a wave of the young Arachillium. Azonis stayed off as many of them as he could, stabbing at them with his sword and finding comfort behind his shield.
Oggy dashed through the Arachillium with his hammer, swinging it in murderous, looping, arcs. Slews of the spiders flew through the air after meeting the head of his hammer. He stopped, turned, and dashed back through the center of them once more. He came to a halt near Azonis and helped the Sestian battle off more of the arachnids. 
Caleb, as a panther, stood by Rasmere's side, mauling any of the Arachillium that tried to take Rasmere unawares. The spiders attacked The Saviors from all angles, but Rasmere exhibited pin-point accuracy with his bow. He protected the others as they fought off the onslaught of attacks, piercing any of the spiders that came too close to his friends, and with Caleb watching his flank, he was free to reign down as many arrows as his blazing fast arm could loosen.
Urganox tore through the army of spiders with his flail like a violent tornado that touched down next to a village, grinning all the while.
Jeszekia and Red took care of any spiders that made it past the others, which surprisingly enough, was many. 
Red's cutlasses looked like a blur of silver as he cleaved through the eight-legged foes. For a man who seemed to make light of most situations, Red was the total opposite when it came to battle; he valued his life too much to make japes when confronted with an enemy. He moved with a swiftness and grace that Lot would have trouble matching. The Arachillium did not even get close enough to the Pirate to be considered a threat.
Jeszekia abandoned her trident after several of the Arachillium became lodged on its end. She held the two cromite daggers in her hands, tip down. She unleashed a murderous fury of strikes upon the waist high spiders as they came to her. Jeszekia jumped, dodged, and flipped around the spiders, often times landing behind them and giving them a quick slash across their thick, round, bodies.
The Saviors wasted no time in defeating the Arachillium hatchlings. The encounter ended after a few minutes, but was still fierce enough to cause The Saviors to break a small sweat.
"Look at dat," Red said, reloading his pistol. "We kilt em all. Dem thar spiders be no match for us."
"The spiders' mother will be furious over the death of her young. We must stand ready," Oggy noted.
"Will she come back?" Azonis asked, wiping the green blood from his sword.
Drawing back an arrow, Rasmere said, "She is here now."
The Saviors tensed up and went silent for a moment.
"Where is it?" Oggy asked.
"Be still," Rasmere said in a hushed voice.
The Sword aimed his bow above them and took a few small steps to his left. He adjusted his bow left and right, up and down, as if following a moving target, but from the other's perspective he was looking at darkness.
Azonis began to speak, but before his words came, Rasmere flung an arrow into the black space above them. The Arachillium screamed out in pain; green blood rained down upon them.
The Arachillium descended from the ceiling. Rasmere's arrow had flown true. The opas arrow sank deep into the arachnid's eye; blood ran like a mountain stream, but it did not seem to slow the creature.
It fell onto Urganox, but the Brazurkin grabbed it by the front legs and used his freakish strength to hold it off. The spider struggled to free itself. Urganox had a death grip on the beast and knew that if he let go, he may not live to regret it.
"Someone kill this thing!" Urganox cried.
Oggy rushed in to smash the Arachillium with his war hammer, but the spider opened its mouth and covered him with a thick, gooey substance. The impact drove Oggy against the wall. The tiny Dainty found himself stuck. No matter how hard he fought, he could not free himself.
Jeszekia leapt into the air with her daggers, aiming to plant them between in the middle of the gigantic spider's chest, but the Arachillium caught Jeszekia by the legs and flung her against the wall.
Urganox struggled to keep hold of the spider. While the Brazurkin King was strong, so was the Arachillium, not to mention it had five more legs than him.
Red snuck in from behind the spider and struck one of its back legs with both of his cutlasses. The arachnid shrieked as another of its legs fell to the ground. Against Urganox's will, the Arachillium turned a half circle and swatted Red across the face. The Pirate fell to his knees.
Caleb flew around the spider's head, distracting it long enough for Rasmere and Azonis to move into position.
The Sestian and his Sword leapt onto the spider's torso. It bucked wildly trying to shake them, but Urganox pulled the creature back down when it reared up onto its hind legs.
Azonis drove his golden sword deep into the Arachillium's plump torso and slid down the length of it, ripping a deep gash as he went. The spider writhed in pain as its feet came out from under it. Rasmere pulled his sword and with one powerful swipe, the Arachillium's head came free from its neck and rolled across the ravine's floor. Blood erupted from the bloody stump like a geyser. 
Urganox released his grip on the creature and it collapsed onto the ground. He walked over to its still very much alive head, raised his leg, and stomped it with his large foot.
"Is everyone all right?" Azonis asked.
"It seems so," Rasmere said, helping Red to his feet.
Urganox was at Jeszekia's side. Other than having the wind knocked out of her, she seemed well.
"A little help over here!" Caleb called out.
The Shifter tried to pull Oggy free from the black, tar-like substance, but became tangled into the sticky mess himself. Jeszekia cut Caleb and Oggy free with her cromite dagger.
"Me be's glad dat be's over wiff," Red said. "Me hates spidurs!"
"Quiet!" Rasmere said. "Just because the Arachillium is slain, does not mean we are out of danger. This creature lurked near the entrance to the ravine. The deeper we go, the more unspeakable the creatures become."
They took a moment to gather themselves before they plunged deeper into the bowels of the ravine in search of the Dark Priest.
Chapter 38
Full Force
The armies of Galdarath and Lasticall marched toward Pizenchaffe before the sun awoke. The morning air was crisp; a thick blanket of frost covered the landscape. 
Sebastian and Tontal rode side by side, adorned in their respected battle armor. Even their steeds wore battle mail. Kraeson, Loral, and Robert rode a horse length behind on either side of them with the King's Elite on their flank.
This was the largest mobilized army to ever march through Calencia since the Great War. Since then, there was never a threat requiring such a military force. The kingdoms had become quite capable of defending their lands from any potential threats.
It would be a day long march, possibly a little longer, to Pizenchaffe. They had high hopes of joining the Dainties in day's time, and there was still a chance of that, but when riding with such a large company it slowed progress down.
All along the road from Galdarath to Pizenchaffe thousands of cheering Calencians came to see the army on their way. The people showered them with food and wine. Sebastian only allowed them to take food; he did not need a drunken army. A few brave souls even offered to take up arms beside them, but Sebastian convinced them otherwise, seeing that most of the heroic countrymen offered to do so out of show.
"I do not know about you, but it warms my soul to see Calencia rally behind us, both High Engeniums and Humans," Sebastian said, waving at the crowd.
"What other choice do they have?" Tontal asked. "Their very lives are in danger. To them, we seem to be their only hope. They do not even know if their true kings live."
"Nor do we," Sebastian replied.
"True," said Tontal. "Do you believe they still live?"
Sebastian shut his eyes for a moment, squeezing them together tightly. I could not be so lucky. "Yes. Otherwise, Hasbarie would have moved by now."
"Do we stand a chance?" Tontal asked.
"We stand a good chance at defeating his forces in the field of battle. The Dark Wizard himself. . . I am not so sure. The Wizard from Fogarth said only The Saviors can defeat him, and Saviors we are not," Sebastian answered.
"Are you certain we will see battle?" Tontal asked.
"No," Sebastian replied. "But, I do know where the Dark Wizard is hiding. If we march on him, he has no other choice. I just pray that The Saviors accomplish what it is they need to accomplish."
"The attack on Lasticall was rather unpleasant. Many dark creatures stormed our gates. That was just an attack on one city. I can only imagine the multitude of his forces he will send to meet us," Tontal said.
"Galdarath came under such an attack, but from what I hear, the attack on Lasticall was much more formidable. He is growing stronger. If an attempt is not made to stop him now, all hope will be lost," Sebastian said.
Tontal laughed, a low mumble at first, but it grew louder and louder.
"What do you find so funny?" Sebastian asked.
"Do you remember when you accompanied Thaddeus to Lasticall in search of members of the Shadows?" Tontal asked.
"Yes, quite well," Sebastian answered.
"I was not in the city, but I heard tales of the two of you. I remember hearing of a particular situation where you were confronted by a trio of rather smug High Engeniums at one of the taverns," Tontal said. Sebastian's eyebrows raised, and the corners of his lips rose as he let out a laugh. "Those three Engeniums were my nephews."
"My apologies," Sebastian said.
"No need. They deserved it. But I remember afterwards making a vow to them that if I ever came face to face with you. I would set the matter straight," Tontal said, grinning from ear to ear. "It is funny what differences can be set aside when the world is about to be destroyed."
"Yes it is," Sebastian replied. "I truly apologize for. . . " he paused, trying to find the right words, words that would not anger Tontal.
"Teaching them a lesson?" Tontal suggested with a smile.
"Yes. Teaching them a lesson."
"I think about that story from time to time and wish it were I who had that privilege," Tontal said.
"I am sure a time will come when you will have that opportunity," Sebastian said.
"Maybe sooner than later. Take a look over your shoulder, right behind your Elite," Tontal said.
Sebastian turned around to see three High Engeniums, still harboring the same smug looks on their faces, riding not too far behind him.
He turned back around and said, "It seems that they have no love lost for me. I cannot believe that they still harbor ill will. That happened several years ago."
"Engeniums do not forgive and forget so easily," Tontal said.
"It seems that you have," Sebastian noted.
"I was not angered by your actions to begin with. They however," Tontal said with a smile, referring to his three nephews.
"Well, let us hope that your nephews can put this behind them for the moment," Sebastian said.
"They will," Tontal said. "I made sure of it."
The company marched on until it became too difficult to see the road. The orange sky painted a beautiful picture, but it made for poor lighting.
They set up camp in a nearby field in which a local farmer so graciously lent them use of. In return, he received a considerable sum of gold.
Even though they marched as one, their camping arrangements showed how separate they were. Only Sebastian, Tontal, Robert, Kraeson, and Loral camped together. There were no hard feelings or bad blood between the Humans and the Engeniums, but they did not have the unification of most armies. How could they be? They had only been together for a day's time.
Sebastian and Tontal spent the evening sharing stories of glory. They spoke of their conquests, and the victories of their respected leaders. Well, it was mostly Tontal who spoke of Azonis's grand feats. Sebastian, on the other hand, had little to say regarding Thaddeus's triumphs. The mere mention of King Graystone made Sebastian want to spill the contents of his stomach onto the ground.
The next morning, the unified army set out at first light. Within a few hours they arrived at Mt. Pizenchaffe.
To everyone's surprise, upon arrival at the base of the mountain a hundred pizenore clad Dainties met them. Members from both sides of the army stood in awe as they laid eyes on the long forgotten warriors sitting on rocks at the base of the mountain.
"They are real," Loral said in wonder.
"I thought there would be more of them," Robert said.
Golgar, Zulp, and Olaf hurried over to meet Sebastian and Tontal.
"Greetings!" Golgar called out. "You must be Sebastian Buxton of Galdarath."
"You are late!" Zulp said.
"By a day," Olaf added.
Sebastian climbed down from his horse and extended his hand. Golgar's large hand swallowed Sebastian's.
"That is correct," Sebastian said. "You must be Golgar Stout."
"That is the name my mother gave me," he replied. "You must be Tontal Drave of Lasticall."
"It is a pleasure to meet you, Golgar," Tontal said.
"Uh-hum," Zulp muttered.
"Apologies," Golgar said. "This is Zulp and Olaf Ironside, the King's Guards."
Zulp and Olaf fell to their knees.
"No need to bow at our feet," Sebastian said. "We are only acting in the absence of our kings."
"Amazing," Tontal said.
"What?" Olaf asked.
"Never in all of my days did I think I would be gazing upon a Dainty," Tontal explained.
"Amazing, eh? We have thought the same about Humans and Engeniums," Zulp replied.
"This is a historical day for Calencia," Sebastian said. "I am glad to have the opportunity to play a small part in it."
"That it is," Golgar said. "We shall make history together."
After a moment of silence, Golgar asked, "When do we leave?"
"Well," Sebastian said, "we can march now, talking on the way, or we can spend a few moments to become acquainted and go over our plan for battle."
"A short time to become acquainted with one another sounds good," Golgar said. "My people need a little more time in the sun before we set out for battle. Plus, it is good to know who one is fighting alongside."
"Agreed," Tontal said. "Shall I send for wine?"
"Wine?" Sebastian asked. "I thought this to be a dry army."
"Come now, Sebastian," Tontal said. "So many of our people marching to possibly meet their death. Did you honestly think that there would not be a cask of wine or two? Or ten?"
"I am not much for the drink. Dainties have a problem with wine," Golgar paused. "Once we start drinking, we cannot seem to stop."
"Water it is then," Tontal said. "Kraeson, send for two jugs of fresh water."
"Yes, Sestian Drave," Kraeson replied as he hurried off to fulfill his command.
Their rich taste sickens me, Sebastian thought. I hope that during battle he does not decide that he needs a cat nap. Filthy, spoiled, Engeniums. Their dirty bronze skin sickens me.
The army sat idle for two hours while Golgar, Sebastian, and Tontal spoke of the upcoming battle. The remainder of the conversation was awkward to say the least. Only the Humans and Engeniums found common ground of which to speak. Golgar seemed oblivious to all aspects of the world above his. He did, however, tell them of the Dainties and their reasons for never resurfacing. 
The Dainties, after the Great War, decided that their numbers were too few to remain active in the ever changing world of Calencia. If any of the races grew ill feelings toward them, they would only have diplomacy to rely upon to defend themselves, and since they were the weakest and most broken race in all of Calencia, the outcome of such dealings would not be in their best interest. So instead of risking their way of life to remain a prominent race of Calencia, they decided it best to stay hidden underneath the mountain and preserve their culture.
When their palaver was over, Sebastian ordered the marching horns blown. Three long, deep blows later, the troops were on their feet preparing to march.
"Excuse me," Golgar said, tugging at Sebastian's arm.
Looking down upon him, Sebastian said, "Yes?"
"As you can see, us Dainties are not built to ride upon horses, but we can, however, ride upon the back of one," Golgar said, pausing for an invitation.
"And?" Sebastian asked.
"Well, if we must walk on foot, the trip will be much longer for everyone. Do you mind if I ride upon the back of your horse? And could you find mounts for my people?" Golgar asked.
I will tie you to the back of my horse and drag you along. "Certainly," Sebastian replied.
"I appreciate that. I hope this is not an inconvenience," Golgar said.
"Not at all," Sebastian lied. I am regretting my decision to seek your aid. If your people cannot even mount a horse, what good can you do in battle?
Sebastian mounted his horse, grabbed Golgar by the arm, and hoisted him up.
"Are we prepared to leave?" Sebastian asked.
"Everything seems in order," Tontal said.
"We are prepared," Golgar said.
"Very well," Sebastian said, and then gave the order to march.
Look at me, Sebastian thought. I am riding into battle with a pompous twit and a half- man. If I survive, my first order as King of Galdarath will be to destroy their kingdoms. They do not deserve life.
Chapter 39
Off the Trail
"Now what are we'z going to do?" Zathillius asked, pacing back and forth through the small fishing village. "I told you we'z zhould have ztruck lazt night while zey zlept!"
"Perhaps we could do a bit of fishing?" Trevor replied, staring out to sea.
"You never take anyzing zeriouz!" Zathillius barked.
"I take everything serious, my friend. I just do not let it show," Trevor said, smiling and pulling at his mustache. "Stomping about and kicking up dust has never solved any problem."
"I could have znuck in and killed ze bruzzer lazt night! That iz a zolution." Zathillius approached Trevor, who was sitting on a piece of driftwood. "Now ze King iz gone and hiz bruzzer. We cannot make it to Lazticall in time, and we'z have no clue az to where Thaddeuz iz."
Trevor leaned back, letting the sun warm his face. "You know, I never take time to enjoy the sun. That will change after we complete our assignment."
"If, we'z finizh our azzignment," Zathillius interjected.
"We will finish," Trevor said, confidently. "I see two possible solutions to our dilemma."
"Well?" Zathillius asked, tapping his tail on the ground.
"Scenario one. We can lie in wait near the Arplasia Mountains. Thaddeus and his brother will inevitably come through there. We can ambush them then," Trevor said.
"And ze zecond?" Zathillius asked.
"They are headed to Lasticall and Galdarath, but there's no chance we will make it there before they arrive. It would be suicide to attack them inside of Thaddeus's kingdom. I propose we wait until the last possible moment. I hope the Dark Wizard will do our job for us. If not, we finish the job afterwards," Trevor said.
"No!" Zathillius responded. "Zat iz not an option."
"Why are we so hard pressed for time? Sebastian never specified as to when we had to finish the contract," Trevor said.
Zathillius pondered this for a moment. It made sense. They would both be vulnerable after the encounter with Hasbarie, if they even made it that far, and they would be without the company of the Wizard.
"We wait on zem near ze Arplazia Mountainz," Zathillius said. "If zat doez not work, we'z will ztrike when zey engage ze Dark Wizard."
"Very well," Trevor said. "There is a village west of us. We can go there and procure a couple of mounts."
"We'z haz no exztra gold to buy mountz," Zathillius said.
With a mischievous grin, Trevor said, "When has the lack of gold ever stopped us from getting what we want?"
"I do not like ziz. We'z have had zeveral opportunitiez to finizh ze job, and we'z did not act," Zathillius said.
"Zathillius, let it go." Trevor stood. "How long have we known one another?"
"Zinze you were a young man," Zathillius said.
"And during that time, have I ever lead you astray?" Trevor asked.
Zathillius hesitated for a moment. "Never."
"Precisely. Now, can we go to the village I spoke of? I am quite hungry, and I would hate to miss, yet, another opportunity to finish our assignment," Trevor said.
I have only mizzed opportunitiez becauze of you. "Very well. Let'z get a move on. I am tired of walking."
Chapter 40
	Soth	
The ravine proved to be as perilous as Rasmere had told them. The further they traveled, the deeper into the bowels of Calencia they found themselves. They slipped through the ravine and remain undetected for the most part. The creatures lurking underneath Lasticall were the kind found in nightmares, or in the ravine. Stealth was the best course of action.
Soon, the scant rays of sun no longer peeked through the ravine. The darkness overwhelmed them. They rested for a short time while Caleb made a run to Lasticall to gather torches. Rasmere did not like the idea of Caleb flying through the ravine, he had previously advised against it, but it seemed they had no other choice.
Red sat in the darkness making faces at Urganox, barely containing his laughter, when in all actuality, he was poking fun at a rock.
After a short while, Caleb swooped down beside of Rasmere and placed the torches on the ground at his feet.
"We are very close to the western gate at Lasticall," Caleb said. 
"I know," Rasmere said, smiling as he lit the end of a torch.
They shielded their eyes at the blinding light, requiring ample time to adjust.
"How do you know where we are?" Urganox wondered aloud.
Rasmere walked a few steps forward and held his torch close to the ground. "See," he said, as his torch light illuminated the remains of the Woggen that laid siege upon Lasticall. "We are under the bridge that leads into the western gate."
"How were you able to see that thing?" Oggy asked. "I am standing right beside of you and could not see it, and I am accustomed to underground darkness."
"I did not see it, but rather sensed it," Rasmere said. "It is hard to explain."
"Sensed it? What do you mean, sensed it?" Urganox asked.
"I am not sure how. It has been a long time since I have been able to do that," Rasmere said. "When I was younger, I could sense things that others could not. I had sight, sound, and smell that rivaled that of any animal. As I became older, it slowly disappeared."
"It iz becauze you are a Forezt Engenium," Jeszekia said. Everyone, including Rasmere turned to her. "Ziz waz a trait zat zet ze Forezt Engeniumz apart from ze High Engeniumz in ze dayz of old. Ziz iz one reazon zat ze High Engeniumz loathed zeir forezt kin."
"What?" Azonis asked, seemingly perturbed by her statement. "I have never heard such a thing in my entire life."
"It is true," Oggy said. "Now that she mentioned it, I have heard those stories as well. It was said that the Forest Engeniums were able to tap into nature, become one with it."
"Why has this been kept secret for so long?" Azonis asked.
"Well," Oggy said. "This ability was, err, suppressed once the High Engeniums began, err, working the Forest Engeniums in the mines. This was all long before your time, Azonis. After awhile, the gift was forgotten, or just never spoken of again."
Azonis turned to his Sword. Rasmere could not read the look on Azonis's face, but sadly, he felt all too confident it was hate.
"This is. . .," 
Here we go, Rasmere thought. 
"Marvelous!" Azonis exclaimed.
What? "It is?" Rasmere asked, letting out a big breath.
"Yes. This is an amazing attribute that is long forgotten by your people," Azonis said. "You must learn to harness this ability and call upon it at will. Just imagine the good that your people can do in the forest with such talent."
Wonders never cease to amaze, Rasmere thought. "Perhaps we can make use out of it, if it comes back to me. This is the first time in years I have felt it."
Azonis placed his hand on Rasmere's shoulder. "If there is any way for me to help you strengthen your gift, any way at all, please let me know."
"I will," Rasmere replied, still shocked at Azonis's display of support.
"Do we be ready? Me can't take dis place much longer." Red murmured.
"Follow me," Rasmere said. "Be ready to extinguish your torches in a moment's notice. The light will only serve to attract unwanted attention."
As they trudged on, high above them a winged creature sat perched, listening to every word. After several minutes of eavesdropping, it flew off into the darkness where the Dark Priest, Soth, awaited its return.
Before long, the ravine widened out considerably. Unusual markings and statues carved into the walls appeared in the orange glow of their torches. Ahead, a structure came into view.
"What is that?" Azonis asked.
"It looks like," Urganox squinted through the darkness. "Some sort of temple."
"A temple, eh?" Oggy asked. He held up his dwindling torch. "At least it looks to be somewhat lit. Maybe we can find more torches."
"I believe we will find more than torches," Rasmere said.
"Ze Dark Priezt?" Jeszekia asked.
"I have been to this temple, once. It was long abandoned, aside from a few straggling creatures who had laid claim to it. There were no torches lit," Rasmere said. "Be on your guard."
"What lies beyond this place?" Azonis asked.
"I do not know. I have never ventured any further," Rasmere said.
"What would possess you to ever venture here?" Urganox asked.
"Want to venture here?" Rasmere asked. "I have never wanted to come here. The first time I came down here was to. . . retrieve my bow."
"Your bow?" Azonis asked. "What was it doing down here?"
"After the Great War, it was rumored that one of the few surviving Forest Engeniums brought the Bow of Elmidas back to Lasticall. The acting Sestian was enraged by this act, seeing it as an act of defiance, a sign of strength. It was said that he confiscated the bow and threw it into the ravine. I came looking for it," Rasmere told them.
"At least you found it," Oggy said.
"Yes, fortunately," Rasmere replied. "Let's go. Proceed with caution. We do not know what awaits us."
The entrance to the temple was lit by two basins filled with burning petrom. Two hand-carved pillars sat on either side of the entrance that lead deep into the side of the ravine. Three steps, formed from stone, lead to the entrance.
By the looks of it, the temple predated any other structure in all of Calencia. It was a forgotten memory from times long passed. It would be hard to say who built the temple, its purpose, and why it was abandoned. In any other circumstances, scholars and explorers from all over Calencia would waste no time to explore the temple, eager to uncover its secrets, but not at this moment. At this moment, something vile had taken up residence in the ancient structure. A vileness that The Saviors hoped to rid the world of.
"Something is definitely in there," Urganox said, pointing to the soil covered steps. "Boot prints."
"Shhh," Rasmere said. "We need not speak from here on out, only out of necessity."
As they approached the entrance to the temple, Rasmere heard the faint flapping of wings. He scanned the wall above them. "Get back!" he cried.
The Saviors jumped backward just in the nick of time. From above them, a large boulder came crashing down to where they stood only moments ago, sealing off the entrance to the temple and extinguishing one of the two torches. By the glow of the remaining torch, the shadow of a large winged beast fell over them.
"What was that?" Oggy asked. "It looked like a dragon."
"Zat waz no dragon," Jeszekia said.
"Stay together!" Rasmere commanded.
The Saviors formed a tight circle protecting one another's back sides. They heard the flapping of wings, but could not glimpse the creature that had just tried to cover them with the large chunk of earth.
A large shadow cast over them gliding in circles. It looked to be massive in size, although they knew shadows were often much bigger than the actual object, this creature was still large.
Rasmere drew his bow and pulled back the string. He followed the shadow back and forth for a moment. He turned around and aimed his bow at what appeared to be nothing. His fingers released the string. Suddenly the creature that stalked them spiraled out of control and plummeted to the ground, an arrow dangling from its shoulder. The winged creature thumped hard against the solid bottom of the ravine. Before they could go to it, it stood.
The flying beast was seven feet tall, with an eight foot wingspan. It had the body shape of a man. Coarse hair covered its entire body, except for its wings, which were smooth as silk, minus the veins that protruded through the thin skin. Instead of fingers and toes, the creature had eagle like talons, and its head was like that of a giant bat.
"What is that thing?" Azonis asked.
"I do not know," Rasmere answered. "I have seen nothing like it."
"I do not wizh to give it time to introduze itzelf to uz," Jeszekia said as she drew her blow gun. She shoved a dart into its end and took aim, but before she could release the poison projectile, the bat-like creature flew back into the air. 
"Where did zit go?" Jeszekia asked.
Rasmere notched another arrow.
"Aahhh!" Azonis cried out.
Rasmere turned to see Azonis being lifted off of the ground and blood pouring from the front of his shoulder. The creature found a gap in Azonis's armor and impaled him through the shoulder with its talon.
The Sword loosed an arrow that found its home in the bat's posterior. It cried out in pain as it released Azonis from its clutches. It tried to fly away once more, but Rasmere drove three more arrows into its back, and Jeszekia stuck it in the lower leg with a dart, spreading poison throughout its body.
The bat-like beast landed on its feet, took off, landed, took off, and landed once more. No matter how hard it tried, flight was impossible. 
It turned on them in an instant. Even after taking two more arrows in the chest, it could still wrap its muscular arms around Jeszekia, cloaking her entire body with its wings.
Urganox rushed in with his flail to save the Queen, but the bat placed a talon to her throat and hissed, "Come closer, I kill her!"
He stopped dead in his tracks.
"Back away, far from here," the creature said.
"Not until you release her!" Urganox demanded.
"Last chance," it said. "Leave now. I spill her blood!"
"Back away," Urganox shouted. "Now!"
As The Saviors advanced in the opposite direction, the bat said, "Fools! Why come here? Only death awaits. Soth powerful, indeed. You are weak. Leave here! Do not come back!"
Urganox looked over to see Rasmere standing still, bow in hand. "What are you doing?" the Brazurkin asked.
"I can end it," Rasmere said, eyeing an opening the size of a beetle. It is not much of an opening. I can hit it. But what if I miss?
"No. It is too risky," Urganox said.
"What is the talk?" the bat asked. "More moving, less talk!"
"Please," Urganox begged.
"If we leave her to it, she will die. It will not release her. You know that," Rasmere said.
Azonis whispered, "Trust him, Urganox."
If you kill her, you will regret your name day. She is all I have left. "Do it," Urganox whispered.
It spoke again. "I said less, UTTTT. . ." 
The bat-like creature's hands jerked and covered its face. Its wings fell from around Jeszekia, and she wiggled herself free as it slumped to the ground. Below its wide eyes, deep inside of its gaping mouth, bright yellow fletches contrasted against a bloody palette.
Urganox ran to her and scooped her up into his arms. "Are you all right?" He asked, looking her over.
"I am fine, Urganox. You can put me down," she said.
"What if I want to hold you longer?" he replied with a toothy grin.
"Zere iz no time for zuch anticz," Jeszekia said.
His smile grew even larger as he sat her gingerly on her feet.
 "I owe you a great deal of zhankz," Jeszekia said to Rasmere. She strode over to him and kissed him on the cheek. His bronze skin became the color of a wild rose. "You are quite zhe imprezzive one."
"Thank you, my Queen," he replied. I hope that kiss does not get me killed.
He turned to see Urganox's reaction, but to his surprise, the Brazurkin was not with them.
"Where is Urganox?" he wondered aloud.
Before anyone answered, he heard loud grunts resonating near the temple. Rasmere strained his eyes to find Urganox with the boulder that blocked the entrance to the temple in his arms and resting on his bent knees.
"Wait," Rasmere called out. "We will help you."
Urganox paid them no mind. He grunted louder. Engorged veins sprang to life over his body. Sweat accumulated on his narrowed brow.
"You will hurt yourzelf!" Jeszekia called out. "Wait on uz!"
The Green King dug his finger tips into the boulder. "Grraaahhhh!" he cried out as he lifted the boulder into the air and tossed it to the side. He dusted off his hands and said, "Come on."
Urganox was about to enter the temple when a hand grasped him by the shoulder. He turned to find Jeszekia smiling at him with large eyes.
"My ztrong King," she said as she pressed her lips against his.
For a moment, King Skullsplitter looked like a child lost in a daydream, but he quickly regained composure. He stood tall, proud, with his chest puffed out into the air and showing off his two, ivory, lower canine teeth. Even his ram-like horns appeared to be glowing.
Now we see who she shows her affection to, he thought. Anyone can shoot a bow, but few can lift a two thousand pound rock!
"If you two love birds are finished," Oggy said, grinning. "We have matters to attend to."

"They are here!" Soth blurted out. "They are right outside of the temple! I did not think they would find me. What should I do? Please! Tell me what to do!"
"Stop rambling like a fool!" Hasbarie roared. "Have you not been preparing for this moment?"
"Yes, but-"
"Then do what you have been preparing to do!" Hasbarie ordered.
"The Guardian, they-they- they destroyed it! I do not know what to do! I cannot stand against them by myself!" Soth said. The Priest fell to his knees, crawling and sobbing.
"You inept fool! You have had nothing but time to prepare for their arrival," Hasbarie paused. "Good thing I knew you to be a failure and prepared for this occasion." 
"Thank you, my Lord. Thank you," Soth said, groveling at Hasbarie's feet through the open portal. 
"You sicken me! You are not worthy to be called Priest," Hasbarie said. "Turn around, The Saviors are almost upon you."

Rasmere came to an abrupt halt. He held his hand up and made a fist. Both of his ears twitched.
"Shhh," Rasmere said. "I heard someone."
They stood silent, looking and listening.
Rasmere held his breath, straining his ears.
Torches secured to bronze sconces along the walls gave the interior of the temple a warm, dim glow, but visibility was still limited. They had already made their way through the antechamber and now stood in the main body of the temple. The floor was thick with dust and spider webs covered the walls like a thick vine. 
Rasmere took a step forward and knelt. Footprints. But only one set. 
He looked ahead to find a strange design carved into the floor in the center of the room. Along the outside line of the circle were nine smaller circles, perfectly spaced apart from one another. Each of the circles looked as if something heavy had fallen onto them, smashing the stone floor into pieces.
"Someone is in the next room," Rasmere said, pointing ahead of them. "Actually, two people." 
"Two?" Azonis asked. "Any idea as to who?"
Rasmere's bronze face lightened a shade. 
"I heard the name Hasbarie," he said, pausing to allow the statement set in.
Rasmere rubbed his temple. How did he get into the temple? He did not walk through the front entrance. Maybe there is another way out of here.
"Hasbarie," Oggy said, forcing down the apple sized lump in his throat. "Are you certain?"
"That is who the other person is speaking to," Rasmere said.
"Well then," Urganox said, readying his weapons. "It is time to crash their party."
The Brazurkin King, eager to deal out retribution for the fall of his kingdom, stormed into the next room, flail and shield in hand.
Before him stood a small, timid, man. His widow's peak was black as night, clashing against his milky white skin. A tattered gray robe, secured to his waist with a length of rope, covered his body.
The others hurried to catch up with King Skullsplitter as he steadily advanced upon the man.
"P-p-p-lease," Soth begged as he back pedaled. "I have done nothing to you!"
Urganox stopped dead in his tracks. The grinding of his teeth broke the cold silence.
 "You have done nothing to me?" he asked. "Hasbarie murdered my people. He destroyed Dead Marsh. How can you say you have done nothing when it is you who is responsible for his return?"
Before the Priest could respond an arrow pierced his eye, then the other, all before he collapsed onto the ground. 
Urganox whirled around, brow crumpled.
 "Why did you do that?" the Brazurkin demanded. "He was mine! I wanted answers!"
Azonis approached him.
"The less time one has to speak, the less time he has to act," Azonis said.
"Ziz iz correct, Urganox," Jeszekia said. "Take comfort in ze fact zat he iz no more."
"I suppose you are correct," Urganox said. The grinding of his teeth sounded like two stones being rubbed together. "Let's get out of this place."
"Not yet," Rasmere said. "We must see if he has the crystal."
Who gave him the authority to bark out orders, Urganox thought.
"Right," Oggy said as he waddled over to the Priest's body.
The Dainty bent at the waist and patted down the Priest in search of the crystal. Found it, Oggy thought as he pulled out a draw string purse secured to the Priest's side. Oggy gave the purse a hard squeeze, feeling the hard object hidden inside. As he was undoing the strings, he felt something hot take him by the arm. He looked down to see the Priest's eyes open. Oggy tried to pull free from its grasp, but the Priest struck him across the face.
Oggy smashed into the wall and the Priest stood, however, he was different. His skin was no longer snow white, but ash gray and cracked like a barren river bed. A substance resembling molten lava filled those cracks and flowed throughout his body. His eyes shone red, and a swirling river of fire raged inside of his mouth.
Rasmere drew the string on the Bow of Elmidas, but before he could loose an arrow, Soth opened his mouth and unleashed a wave of fire. Rasmere dove out of the way, taking shelter behind one of the pillars that supported the temple's roof.
Azonis dashed forward, but was also met by a barrage of flames. He hunkered down behind his golden shield. The heat was intense. As the Sestian tried backing away, he thought, neither my shield, nor myself can stand up to these flames much longer. "Don't just stand there!" Azonis cried.
Urganox charged Soth from the side, ramming his horns into the Priest, disrupting his elemental fury. Soth slammed into the wall. He opened his eyes just in time to see Urganox charging him again. He rolled out of the way and Urganox slammed head first into the wall, shattering a large section of the temple's stone. Azonis scurried to the safety of a nearby pillar. 
Soth fell upon Urganox from behind. He grabbed the much larger Brazurkin by the horns and flung him across the room. Urganox was on his feet and charging at Soth once again. The Priest's skin was like that of granite. He did not seem to notice Jeszekia's darts breaking against him as he engaged King Skullsplitter.
Oggy was now back in action. He smashed his war hammer into Soth's legs as he tested his strength against Urganox. Fiery liquid oozed from the site of impact, but it did not deter him. Soth drove his fist into Urganox's chin, stunning him momentarily. Soth turned and found Oggy in mid-swing. He caught the hammer in his hand, ripped it from Oggy's grip, and launched it at the Dainty. The hammer connected square with Oggy's chest. King Stonefist flew across the room once more.
Urganox regained his composure and caught Soth unawares. He slammed his flail, all three balls, into the Priest's head. Soth fell to one knee. Urganox swung his flail once again, driving Soth to the ground.
"Get out of here!" Urganox cried. "I will handle this, but I need you all to leave from here. Now!"
Azonis turned to Rasmere and asked, "What should we do?"
Rasmere was peppering Soth with arrows, but with little effect. The Priest was almost back on his feet.
Urganox lowered his head and charged once more, but this time he directed his might at a pillar. He smashed through the pillar and bits of the temple's ceiling came crumbling down like a hailstorm.
"Get out of here!" Urganox cried once again.
"We leave, now," Rasmere said to Azonis. "Help me with Oggy."
Rasmere and Azonis got Oggy to his feet.
"Come on," Azonis said. Once more he heard a loud rumble. He turned to find another pillar broken in half. "We must leave."
"And leave Urganox behind?" Jeszekia asked. "No. I will not leave him."
"This whole place is about to come down," Rasmere said. "This Priest is too powerful. It is the only way."
Tears streamed from Queen Venumroot's eyes. She had already thought to have lost her King once, she did not want to do so again. Jeszekia watched as the mighty Urganox engaged in a deadly tug-of-war with the Priest and his new found powers.
She went to him, but Rasmere placed his hands on her shoulders and said, "We must leave. Urganox would not wish for any of us to stay behind, especially you."
Jeszekia gave him one final look before she hurried out of the temple with the others.
Soth backhanded Urganox across the face, knocking him to one knee. The Priest turned to the fleeing Saviors. He opened his mouth and was about to reign fire down upon them. Just as the flames started to escape his mouth, Urganox tackled him to the ground.
Soth rolled the Brazurkin off of him. His voice shook the temple when he spoke.
"So, your friends abandon you when you need them most," Soth laughed. "It will not matter. After I destroy you, and the others, all of your efforts will be for naught."
"You are not the Priest," Urganox said. "Who are you?"
"I have many names," Soth answered.
"You are a Draith Lord," Urganox answered. "I will destroy you just as we did the other."
"Fool!" Soth roared. "You are nothing! You are a mortal being with more hope than sense, unworthy of my presence. I will enjoy this."
Soth advanced, but Urganox was upon him in an instant. For a being of his size, Urganox was unbelievably fast. He slung Soth across the room, driving him through one of the two remaining pillars.
The room could not sustain the weight of the earth above. Urganox dashed for the exit, but Soth's fiery grip latched on to his ankle. The Brazurkin King tried to free himself from the Priest's clutches, but he could not break its grasp.
He could not kill me at Morgorath by bringing the mountain down upon me. It seems that he will be successful on his second attempt, Urganox thought as the ceiling fell like heavy rain. Large chunks of debris landed all around him. He made one more desperate attempt to escape, but Soth's grip was unbreakable. Urganox covered his head with his arms as the entire ceiling came down, filling the temple with the debris.
At least Jeszekia is safe.
Chapter 41
 Azzer
Thaddeus, Lot and Locmire stood motionless; their mouths glued shut as they surveyed the death and destruction upon their arrival in Fogarth.
The magical golden tower that Locmire called home laid in ruins. The top half of the tower lay broken on the blood soaked sand. Thousands of the fallen Wizards' possessions, most of which Thaddeus and Lot couldn't name, were stretched across the desert scattered by wind and war.
They came upon the mangled bodies of the Wizards and Wailers. It seemed that Hasbarie's forces showed them no mercy; just like every other victim they claimed.
"Locmire," Thaddeus choked out. "I am truly sorry."
"We promise retribution for this despicable act," Lot added.
"No need," Locmire said, without the slightest bit of hesitation. "This was revealed to us. It came as no surprise. We need not linger on what we cannot change."
How can this not trouble him, Thaddeus thought as he looked upon the smoldering mechanical suits of the Mazzers.
"Locmire," Lot said.
"Yes."
"When we left the village, it was night. Why is it still daylight here?"
"Time is different here," Locmire said. "On the outside looking in, Fogarth seems just as the rest of Calencia. Day and night correlating with one another. Inside the desert is much different. The days are longer, nights shorter. Magic runs through Fogarth's core. Magic changes many things."
Ryker ran back and forth, sniffing the ground. He stopped at the peak of the tower, which remained mostly intact.
"Ruff, ruff," he barked.
"Have you found something?" Thaddeus asked as he approached the top portion of the tower with dragon bone axe in hand.
Ryker sat on his haunches with his mouth wide and tongue dangling, proud of himself.
Thaddeus got to his knees and peeked inside. 
"I cannot believe it." Thaddeus's eyes grew large, and a grin appeared on his grizzled face. "Opper?" Is that you?"
Opper huddled in fear, backing away from Thaddeus's voice.
Locmire called out, "Opper, come to me. It is safe."
At the sound of Locmire's voice, Opper came rushing out. He wrapped his arms around the Wizard's legs and clung to him for dear life.
"It is all right," Locmire said as he rubbed Opper between his ears. "You are safe now."
Opper looked up at Locmire with his big eyes swaying back and forth. "It was bad. Everyone dead!" 
"I know," Locmire said. "I know."
 Leaning over his brother's shoulder, Lot whispered, "What is that thing?" 
"He is a Wailer. A most unusual creature, but very friendly," Thaddeus answered.
"What now?" Opper asked. "What to do now?"
"I will get you to a safe place, but first we have business to tend to," Locmire said. "Go hide inside what remains of the tower. It will not be safe here for too much longer."
"Why do you say that?" Lot asked. "The Priest?"
"I think so. We are not alone anymore," Locmire said, removing his hood and taking a deep breath.
Lot and Thaddeus drew their weapons at once, looking in every direction, not quite sure where they should be looking. The vast desert of Fogarth seemed never ending. The ruined tower was the only structure in sight. Neither of them were sure where the desert ended and the rest of Calencia began.
"Where is he?" Lot asked.
"I am not sure," Locmire said, readying his staff. "He is close. Opper, it would be wise for you to go hide."
Opper hesitated for a moment, then with a few violent flaps of his wings, he flew off for the safety of the tower.
As they stood, alert and ready, the sand beneath their feet shifted. A sinkhole appeared, swallowing the top of the broken tower. They jumped out of the way before they too fell into the abyss.
Locmire rolled onto his stomach and looked up to see Opper flying out of the bottomless pit. 
Thank goodness.
Thaddeus readied his axe. "What is going on?" he asked.
"I am not sure," Locmire replied.
The sands around the hole shifted and began filling back in. As the pit filled, a figure appeared riding atop the sands, rising to the surface.
"The Priest," Locmire said.
When the sands no longer stirred, the Dark Priest, Azzer, took a step toward them.
"That is close enough, Priest," Thaddeus said, wrenching the handle of his axe.
"Ahh," Azzer said. "The Saviors arrive. I have been waiting for you."
"I am going to kill you," Locmire said, coldly. "But first, answer me this. How did Hasbarie's forces gain entrance into the desert?"
"Hasbarie knows his way around Fogarth, or have you forgotten, oh great and mighty Master Wizard?" Azzer said, and then spat at Locmire's feet. 
Locmire swung his staff, unleashing a wave of Wizard's fire. "I have not forgotten," Locmire replied.
The flame engulfed Azzer. He fell to the ground and rolled across the sands, screaming in agony. His robe went up in a blaze, but only for a moment, before becoming consumed by Locmire's fire and melting into his skin.
Locmire pointed his staff at Azzer and a rush of water came from its end, extinguishing the fire. Steam grew from Azzers's charred, bloody body.
"Get him up," Locmire ordered. 
Thaddeus and Lot grabbed Azzer by his arms and brought him to his feet. With his free hand, Lot grabbed Azzer by the crown of his scorched head so he could face Locmire. The Priest's eerie grin grew larger and larger. He cackled at the top of his lungs.
"You will never defeat Hasbarie," Azzer choked out. "And I am sure you are well aware of it. Keep pushing forward, Wizard. Keep chasing your false hopes. Even now Calencia's feeble army marches toward the Onock to meet their deaths."
"What do you mean?" Thaddeus asked.
"Oh, you do not know? Some king you are. The armies of Calencia have mobilized and are marching to put an end to Hasbarie. Little do they know, they are outnumbered a thousand to one," Azzer said with a painful grin.
Locmire approached him. The Wizard's feet did not touch the ground; he hovered several inches above the sands. 
"I am sorry you chose this path," Locmire whispered. 
He placed his staff on the ground and laid his hand upon Azzer's chest.
Pain shot through the Priest's body. He was on the verge of screaming out, but his agony lasted for only a moment. I feel . . . I feel . . . at peace, Azzer thought.
"Let go of him and stand back," Locmire said. 
Thaddeus and Lot released the Priest and backed away.
Locmire stretched his other hand out to his side. The sands around the Wizard and Priest swirled. Azzer opened his mouth, as if to scream, but still no words came out. 
A thick stream of sand rose from the ground like water erupting from a geyser. Locmire waved his hand and the sands shot forth and spilled into Azzer's open mouth. His belly swelled twice, thrice, its normal size. The Wizard stepped away and Azzer was engulfed in an angry swarm of sand. It swirled violently around him. If not for Lot seeing it with his own eyes, he could never have imagined a person was inside the storm of sand.
After a moment, Locmire waved his hand once more and the sand storm that surrounded the Priest disappeared as quickly as it had fallen upon him.
When the dust settled, all that remained of Azzer was a pile of smooth bones, and a crystal fragment lying by his side.
Locmire hunkered down and picked up the crystal. He studied it for a moment and tucked it away beneath his robes.
"What was that?" Thaddeus asked. "What did you do to him?"
"I gave him to the desert," Locmire said. "It seemed fitting."
"I have never seen you use such a spell," Lot said.
"That was not me, it was the desert. I only called upon it," Locmire paused. "Fogarth decided his fate."
"Fogarth?" Lot asked. "Fogarth did this?"
"Yes."
"If Fogarth was capable of this, why could it not defend itself?"
"There was no Wizard powerful enough to call upon it," Locmire said.
"Well, whatever it was, I am glad it is over," Thaddeus said, smiling. "This encounter was much less stressful."
"It is not over," Locmire informed him. "There is another presence here."
"Who?" Lot asked.
"Not a who," Locmire answered. "A Draith Lord."
"Just lovely. There are only three of us to deal with this creature," Lot said. Ryker tugged at his pants leg and let out a deep growl. "Four of us. Sorry, boy."
Thaddeus rubbed the chills from his arms. Something was amiss. The muscles of his body tightened, and his hands instinctively wrenched the handle of his axe. Without warning, the King spun around and swung his axe through a figure standing behind him. The figure exploded into a pile of sand before his eyes. The sand made a low whishing sound as it fell to the desert floor.
"What was that!" Lot exclaimed as he drew his short swords.
"The Draith Lord," Locmire replied. 
Lot said, "Call me crazy, but that thing looked to me like it was made from-" 
Lot's feet came out from under him and he slammed hard onto the desert floor. 
Two sandy hands wrapped around his ankles and drug him away, across the desert. The Thief twisted and turned, trying to free himself from the sandy entity. He dug his fingers into the sand in a desperate attempt to slow himself, hoping it would give his companions time to free him. Whatever the creature was that had hold of him, it proved to be very strong. Lot's attempts at escape proved to be futile.
Thaddeus, Ryker, and Locmire rushed after him. As hard as they ran, they were unable to catch him.
Locmire slid to a stop in the loose sand and lashed out with his staff. A wave of water fell upon Lot, creating a muddy mess. The hands around his ankles melted away, and he scrambled back to his feet. The Thief ran back to the safety of his companions.
"Where is it?" Lot panted.
"Everywhere," Locmire replied.
The sands around them exploded with great fury, as if a charge of blast powder had been detonated nearby. A shadow fell over them. They turned to find a fifty-foot tall creature formed of sand looming over them. 
The sand giant had no distinguishing features, only the usual extremities. 
The heroes stood in awe as the giant raised its tree trunk like arm, high into the air. It seemed to move in slow motion as it brought its arm down, but only for a moment. It quickly gained momentum as its fist came crashing down.
"Move!" Thaddeus cried.
They jumped out of the way as its fist slammed into the desert floor, creating a large cloud of dust that hid both them, and the sand creature alike.
Thaddeus, nor Lot, could see anything. They shielded their eyes to keep out the razor sharp sand. Locmire, on the other hand, took advantage of his crystal eyes and the goggles that concealed them. He rushed over to Thaddeus and took him by the hand.
"Come with me and be silent," the Wizard said.
He lead Thaddeus over to Lot and instructed him the same. After they had found Ryker, Locmire announced, "As soon as the dust settles, we attack."
A strong wind grew; a wind so substantial, it forced the heroes toward the direction in which it was blowing. They dug their feet into the sands and clung tight to one another to prevent being swept away. Several long moments they fought to hold their ground in the swirling fury of sand, blind to their surroundings.
Eventually the wind died, and the sand dispersed. Only then did they see what was causing the commotion. The sand creature was standing tall, taking in the last bit of a freakishly long breath and growing larger by the second. The sand creature was now over seventy feet tall. It placed its hands on the sand and became a part of the desert floor.
"Now!" Locmire cried.
They rushed forward without hesitation, not knowing the best course of action. Before they closed the distance between them and the Draith Lord, the sands beneath their feet fled outward creating another hole.
At first the hole was small, unnoticeable, but it grew in size in a matter of moments. Before they realized it, they were twenty feet below the surface of the desert floor and facing a mountain of sand on every side.
"Do something!" Thaddeus called out.
Locmire waved his staff and encircled him and his fellow companions in a cyan colored orb. They floated upward, but before they escaped, a steep wall of sand came crashing down around them.
The Draith Lord let out a booming laugh, but his pleasure was short lived. Like an explosion, Locmire and the others erupted from their shallow grave. They touched down next to the Draith Lord and the Wizard's orb disappeared. 
Thaddeus charged forward and with one violent swing of his axe, he cleaved the Draith Lord's leg in half. An eruption of sand stung Thaddeus's face, causing him to snap his eyes shut. 
Instead of collapsing, as most would do if their leg had just been severed from their body, the Draith Lord absorbed more sand and healed its wound, if one could even call it a wound.
Thaddeus's world went black as the Draith Lord backhanded him through the air. Luckily, Locmire broke his fall with an well timed spell. Thaddeus shook off the blow and hurried to rejoin the fight.
Lot hacked and slashed away at the sand giant with his short swords. Sand reflected off of his dragon bone blades like the water from a waterfall splattering against the rocks below. For every bit of sand he removed from the creature, more came back in its place.
Ryker pawed, gnawed, and snapped at the Draith Lord, but his efforts too, proved useless.
"This is not working, Locmire!" Thaddeus called out, barely avoiding being smashed by the Draith Lord's gigantic foot.
"Move out of the way," the Wizard replied.
Thaddeus glanced back to see Locmire swinging his staff around and around his head. Fire swirled in large arcs with each revolution of his staff.
I have never seen him concentrate this long on a spell, Thaddeus thought. "Run!" he cried.
Before they had removed themselves from the Draith Lord's vicinity, Locmire sent a river of fire straight up into the air. A bright red light chased the darkness from the sky. 
When Thaddeus knew that they were clear of danger, he stopped and turned around to a loud sizzling sound, like that of grease in a hot skillet. Falling from the sky was fat, molten drops of fire. It cracked and popped as it met the sand.
The Draith Lord was caught in the downpour of fire with no place to run. The giant sand figure flailed about, turning and scrambling to escape the drops of fire.
Fiery rain fell harder and faster. It covered every inch of ground and every inch of the Draith Lord.
After a few moments, the Draith Lord stopped moving. It looked as if it had become petrified, and all the while the Wizard's fire fell without relent. It came down so heavy at one point in time that none of them could see the Draith Lord in the isolated storm. Then it was over.
Before them stood a ninety foot tall statue.
"He turned it to glass," Lot said in amazement. "Would you look at that, he turned it to glass!"
Locmire, weak from expending so much of his magical energy, hobbled over to the Draith Lord, using his staff as a crutch. He studied it for a moment. A mighty fine bit of glass work, if I do say so myself. With a bit of magic, I would display him on my mantle. He looked over to the ruined golden tower. If I still had one.
He placed his hand on its lower leg and unleashed a force blast that shattered the creature into an incalculable number of clear shards. The Draith Lord crumbled, leaving behind a giant heap of broken glass where it once stood.
"That was impressive," Thaddeus said.
"And taxing as well," the Wizard replied. "Help me find a place to sit. I need to rest for a moment."
Thaddeus and Lot slung Locmire's arms around their necks and sat him on a small dune. The Wizard took in a deep breath of air.
It doesn't even smell like my home, Locmire thought. "We are safe now," he said.
"Are you well?" Lot asked.
"Yes. I just need a moment," Locmire answered. "See if you can find Opper."
At the mention of his name, Opper came rushing out of the ruined tower and fell to his knees in front of Locmire.
"Oh,oh,oh Master is well. Opper worried, so worried for Locmire," Opper rattled out.
"I am glad to see you are well also, old friend," Locmire answered. "Do you know if anyone escaped Fogarth?"
"No. None living. We all that is left," Opper answered.
"It was as I had feared," Locmire answered.
"No. Wait," Opper said. "Seer left with Sands. He escaped."
"Good," Locmire said.
Locmire's gaze set off into the distance. He did not move or speak. The Wizard was still as a stone. 
Thaddeus and Lot watched as Locmire sat in deep meditation. For a moment, Lot became worried, fearing that Locmire had spent too much of his magic, but his worry soon lifted when he saw a smile grow on the Wizard's face.
"What is it?" Lot asked.
"I think it is time I show the two of you something," Locmire answered, reluctantly, but merrily all the same. "Come with me."
Chapter 42
From the Rubble

"I cannot believe ziz," Jeszekia sobbed. "Why did he have to be zo ztubborn?"
"I do not think that he acted out of stubbornness," Azonis said as he sat down beside of her, placing his hand on her scaly shoulder. "He saved us. He did what he did to protect the ones he cared about. You, Jeszekia. He did it for you."
Azonis's words rang true, but they did not ease the pain in her soul. This marked the second time she believed Urganox to be lost to her, but unlike the last time, she was certain he had perished when the temple collapsed.
"What of ze prophezy? One of uz iz dead."
"I. . . I do not know, Jeszekia. We must find Locmire and the others," Azonis said.
"This may be ill timed, but what of the crystal?" Oggy asked.
"It will take days to clear this rubble," Rasmere replied. "We will come back with River. She should be able to clear the debris rather easily. We can retrieve the crystal and . . . Urganox's remains."
"We muzt givez him a proper burial." Jeszekia said, choking back tears. "A king'z burial."
"And he will have one," Azonis assured her. "Lasticall will spare no expense to see him properly remembered. I give you my word."
"Zank you zo much," Jeszekia said.
"We need to get moving," Oggy said. "I do not want to stay here any longer."
"He is right. This is not the best place to remain idle. Let's make our way back to Lasticall," Rasmere said.
As they turned to head back out of the ravine, Jeszekia gave the collapsed temple one more sorrowful look. Zank you, Urganox. You zaved uz.
Jeszekia only took three steps when a grinding noise came from behind her. She turned to see small bits of rock and sand falling from the debris at the entrance to the temple. Then bigger pieces fell. Something was crawling out of the temple.
"It'z him! Itz Urganox! Help me! Help me get to him!" Jeszekia cried as she leapt over to the rubble and frantically pulled bits of stone and dirt away from the temple's entrance.
The others joined her. Within moments they had created a sizeable hole, but it would have to be much larger for a Brazurkin to crawl through. Oggy tossed large boulders out of the way, like a child would do a ball.
"Wait," Oggy said, squinting his eyes. "I see something. I see. . . Urganox! He is crawling out!"
They moved back a step, allowing him plenty of room.
"You zcared me to death!" Jeszekia said. "I Zought you waz dead!"
Finally, a hand came out of the rubble, but much to their horror, the hand was not green, but that of stone with a fiery liquid glowing in its veins.
"No," Jeszekia whispered. She took a step back. "No."
"Get back!" Rasmere ordered as he drew his bow.
The Draith Lord's head appeared. Part of its stone skull was smashed. Hot liquid dripped from its head, sizzling on the rocks as it fell.
Rasmere took aim, but before he could loose his arrow, the Draith Lord's eyes grew wide and disappeared into the darkness of the temple.
With squinted eyes, Azonis asked, "What just happened?"
"I do not know," Rasmere replied. "Stand ready."
A loud crunch came from within the rubble, followed by a familiar grinding sound. A moment later, another sound emerged. It sounded like rocks being slid across the ground.
The Saviors stood, waiting, watching. Slowly, the Draith Lord reemerged from within the temple, but not as he was before. His head was removed from his shoulders. Something was behind him, pushing him out of the entrance. When the Draith Lord's upper half was exposed, two large, ivory horns appeared behind him.
"Urganox!" Jeszekia cried. Tears rushed from her narrow eyes. "I cannot believez it. You are alive!"
Urganox slid the Draith Lord's lifeless body onto the ground and climbed out of the temple. He stood, his body bruised and bloody once again, and wiped the dirt from himself.
"Did you miss me?" he asked with a smile.
Jeszekia rushed over to him, but instead of embracing him, she punched him in the jaw.
"Don't you ever do me like zat again!" she roared.
"Do you like what?" Urganox asked, confused.
"Pretend to be hurt or even worze, dead," she replied.
"I was covered with dirt and rock," he replied. "What did you expect me to do? Just stroll right out?"
"You could have done it in a timely manner, or at leazt called for help," Jeszekia said.
"I did call out," he said. "I guess it was hard to hear me with a boulder on my chest!"
"How did you survive such a thing?" Oggy asked.
"Both the Draith Lord and myself were lucky. When the roof collapsed, two large chunks of the ceiling came down around us serving as support. I, unfortunately, was pinned down by a boulder. The Draith Lord was not. He began digging his way out. By the time he found his way, I was free to leave as well," Urganox answered.
"You are the luckiest being that I ever met," Oggy replied.
"It seems so," the Brazurkin said. "Twice, a mountain has tried to end my life. Twice I have risen from the rubble."
"If you pull zomething like zat again, I will be ze one to end your life!" Jeszekia said as she punched him once more.
"Me can't believe dat yer horns still be on yer head."
"I guess Locmire mended them well," Urganox said.
"I am glad you are on our side," Caleb said, patting Urganox on the shoulder. "I do not think Hasbarie has even one creature at his disposal that can match your toughness."
"Where is the crystal?" Rasmere asked.
"I was not sure at first. I looked all over for it with no luck, but as I was smashing the Draith Lord's skull in I saw it," Urganox said.
"Well," Azonis paused. "Where is it?"
Urganox rolled the Draith Lord over onto his back and stomped away at its stoney chest. His boiling life blood spewed from his thoracic cavity. Urganox bent down and pulled apart his chest. He stuck his hand inside and pulled out a clear, jagged, object.
"I think he somehow used it to transform himself into this creature," Urganox said. "I saw it through a crack in his back as I pulled him back inside the temple."
"Excellent work, Urganox. You saved us and retrieved the crystal. Well done," Azonis said as he patted the Brazurkin King on his arm.
"It is time to move," Rasmere said.
"Yes," Urganox said. "I do not wish to linger here."
Azonis produced the portation stone, and they disappeared.
Chapter 43
Averale
	
"This worries me," Lot said as he etched a figure in the sand with the tip of his sword. "I do not like not knowing where he is. Do you suppose anything has happened to him?"
Thaddeus squinted his eyes, staring off into the distance as the sun set over the horizon. "I would not worry about Locmire. He is quite capable, as we both have seen," Thaddeus replied. "I am sure he has his reasons for dragging us into the middle of the desert and setting off alone."
Ryker lay embracing this moment of serenity, eyes closed and tongue out. Opper sat perched atop a near-by dune, nervously looking back and forth for the slightest sign of trouble or the Wizard's return. So far, he saw neither.
"I wish he would have taken us with him," Lot said. "I feel useless at this moment."
"We are doing as we were instructed," Thaddeus said. "I just hope the others are faring well."
"I hope so too," Lot said. "I could not live knowing that something has happened to one of them, while I sit here, playing in the sand." He stood and erased the drawing with his boot.
"I am impressed," Thaddeus said, not looking at Lot.
"Impressed?" the Thief asked. "Impressed with what?"
"You," Thaddeus said. "You show a genuine concern and care for the well being of others. I am impressed."
Impressed over that? What does he think I am? A monster? "There is much you do not know about me, brother," Lot answered as he sheathed his sword.
"So it seems," Thaddeus said. "I find it queer that you show this genuine care for others, but yet you showed no remorse for your crimes."
"Brother, my crimes were committed for the well being of others. I never stole for personal gain, as anyone could see," Lot said as he motioned for Thaddeus to look at his clothing and appearance. "Many people in Galdarath depended on my escapades to survive."
"No one in Galdarath is so poor that they cannot afford food," Thaddeus said angrily. "I have made sure of that."
"You do not see all. As good as your intentions are, you have not solved everyone's problems. Although, I do applaud your effort. You have done much more than any king before you," Lot said.
"My father," he corrected his statement. "Our father, had the best of intentions for the kingdom, but he was taken from this world prematurely. I am nowhere near the man he was, but I have tried to fulfill his legacy. I feel that his boots are a pair I can never fill, no matter how hard I try."
After a long moment of silence, Lot asked, "Can you tell me about them. Our mother and father. Tell me what they were like."
The corners of Thaddeus's lips rose. He laid back against the tower.
"They were two of the most loving, kind, and gentle people I ever met. Father was a stern man, but kind all the same. He was fair, yet upheld the laws of the land to the fullest extent. In all of my years, he never raised his voice or lost his temper with me," Thaddeus paused as he fought back tears. "And mother, she was an amazing woman. Father never came out and said that he loved me, but by his actions I knew it to be true. Mother, she was always quick to tell me, and she did so every day. She loved her family with every ounce of her life. She was kind and gentle, just as a mother should be."
"They sound wonderful," Lot said. "I wish I would have known them."
"Mother always wanted another son, you know. She spoke of it often," Thaddeus said. "I regret you never met her. She would have loved you just the same."
Lot sat silent, tears building in his eyes.
"You favor her," Thaddeus said, looking his brother over. "I look more like father, but you resemble her so much, it pains me to look at you sometimes."
Lot sighed. "I spent my entire life living a lie. After my parents died, I thought myself to be all alone in this world. I wish I known of you sooner. Things might be different."
"What things?" Thaddeus asked.
"Many things could have been changed," Lot chuckled. "Our relationship for one."
Thaddeus looked him in the eyes. "Brother, it is not too late for us to salvage our relationship. In fact, I look forward to what the future holds for us. Together, I feel we can accomplish much."
"I will hold you to that statement," Lot smiled.
"Speaking of relationships," Thaddeus grinned. "You say you had no family. Was there ever a woman in your life?"
Lot smiled. "There were many women."
Grinning, Thaddeus said, "I mean a woman that you loved."
"There was one woman I cherished above all else. Her name was Adallia."
"What happened?"
"This is a tale for another time. It's very complicated," Lot said with a sly grin.
"What of you and River?" Thaddeus asked.
Lot's face flushed red. "What of us?"
"Well, it is no secret that the two of you are fond of one another," Thaddeus said.
"We are only friends," Lot said. Actually, I am not sure what we are.
"Friends do not look at one another in such ways." Lot began to speak but Thaddeus interrupted him. "I do not want to hear it. The two of you are crazy over one another. Admit it."
"Fine," Lot said. "I fancy her. There. Are you happy?"
"Yes," Thaddeus said. "I will tell you this one thing. If you have feelings for her, do not hesitate to show them. Life is short. Do not throw it away. Spend it on the ones you love."
"I will," Lot said. Grief grew on his face. "I am sorry for your loss. Emilia was a beautiful woman and no doubt kind."
Thaddeus shuffled his feet in the sand. He wiped a single tear from his eye and said, "That she was. I miss her every moment of every day." Thaddeus stood. "I cannot wait until the time I get to exact my revenge on Hasbarie for what he has done."
Lot stood as well. He locked his hand around the inside of Thaddeus's forearm; the King did the same. "And I will be right by your side. That is a promise."
"Thank you, brother. Now that the two of us are on common ground, nothing can stand in our way," Thaddeus said, with glowing confidence.
Their moment of bonding came to an end when Opper cried out, "Locmire! Locmire!"
Ryker jumped to his feet, barking wildly. Thaddeus and Lot turned to see the Wizard walking in their direction.
"We were beginning to worry about you," Lot called out.
"Sorry for being gone so long," Locmire said as he closed the distance between them.
What is he talking about? "You have been gone for a short time," Lot answered.
"Time is different there as well. I keep forgetting that," Locmire replied. 
"What?" Thaddeus asked. "Time is different where?"
Locmire stopped a few hundred feet away from them. "Come here. I need to show you something."
"What is this all about?" Lot asked.
"I will tell you in a moment. First, come to me," Locmire said.
They approached the Wizard, but a few feet before they met him, an invisible force stopped them dead in their tracks. Lot and Thaddeus both placed their hands out in front of them, feeling the unseen wall before them.
"What is this?" Thaddeus asked.
Locmire touched the force field, and it disappeared.
"By the gods!" Thaddeus whispered as the desert vanished and a lush green world appeared mere feet in front of them. Towering mountains, swift rivers, and fertile grasslands stretched as far as the eye could see. Puffy white clouds and yellow rays of sun painted the sky.
"Where are we?" Lot asked, looking from left to right, eyes wide.
With a smile, Locmire answered, "Averale."
"Averale?" Lot asked. "I do not understand."
"Come," Locmire said, as he walked over to an old oak and sat at its base. "We have much to discuss."
They walked through a field, parting the knee-high, emerald grass and blooming wildflowers. Thaddeus turned back to where he stood moments ago to find the desert gone. 
The sky was the bluest blue that Lot had ever seen. Shadows of colossal birds covered the countryside as they zipped through the air. 
Or are they dragons, Lot wondered. 
They flew at such an altitude and speed, it proved impossible to distinguish what they were against the backdrop of the golden sun. 
Lot looked over the side of the hill they were on and saw a river that dwarfed any of the ones that flowed in Calencia. Large fish, the size of horses, leapt in and out of the river, swimming upstream.
 The Thief felt strangely at peace here. For a moment, he forgot all the troubles in Calencia. He shut his eyes and basked in the warm sun. A mild breeze blew over his hot, sun touched, skin, taking his breath away.
Opper trotted alongside of Thaddeus. "You like Averale? It good here. You like it?"
Thaddeus didn't know if that was a statement or question. He simply nodded his head in agreement.
Lot and Thaddeus sat on the downed oak next to Locmire while Ryker and Opper raced off through the field.
"Ryker!" Thaddeus called. "Get back here!"
"He is doing no harm. Let him be for," Locmire said.
Uneasily, Thaddeus said, "Very well."
Wasting no time, Lot asked, "Why have I never heard of this place?"
"Because we kept it hidden," Locmire said as he let out a big breath.
"Who has kept it hidden? The Wizards?" Lot asked.
"Yes," Locmire said. "This is Averale, the new world. Our attempt at paradise."
"There are no other lands besides Calencia," Thaddeus said. "Many have set sail off the western coast in search of other lands. How could a place like this be missed?"
"Magic," Locmire said. "Our magic has kept it concealed."
"But why?" Lot asked. "Why would you hide a place like this?"
"We did not wish it to be tainted," Locmire said. 
"Tainted? By what?" Thaddeus asked.
"The vileness of Calencia," Locmire stated. "There is much you do not know of Calencia and its beginnings."
"Well then," Thaddeus said. "Now would be a good time to educate us."
"Very well," Locmire said. "What have you been told of the beginning of Calencia? What do you know of creation?"
"The Humans are the youngest race in all of Calencia, and no one really knows where we came from. It was said that we just. . . appeared," Lot said.
"In a sense, yes. But there is much more to it than that," Locmire said. He took a deep breath. "Do not ask me how, for no one knows, but in the beginning there was a crystal, nothing else. No lands, air, water, nothing. From the crystal came the first Wizard and other crystals. From him came others. We Wizards are born from the crystals that sit in our chests."
"That is why Hasbarie was vanquished when Ryker Graystone destroyed the crystal in his chest," Lot added.
"Partially. There are more ways to kill a Wizard than by destroying his crystal, but that is the most effective." Locmire paused as he placed his hand to his crystal. "In the beginning, out of boredom, the first Wizard created Calencia. He then created nine other Wizards from the crystals. When a Wizard is created, he is actually born from the crystal. The crystal will grow and take form, eventually becoming what you see here before you," Locmire said motioning to himself. He pulled back his hood and took a deep breath of air. "Averale even has a different smell than Calencia. Have you noticed? No stench of death. Blood has rarely been shed here."
"When was this place created?" Thaddeus asked.
"A few thousand years after Calencia. Averale was created to stop the madness that was overtaking Calencia. War spread like wildfire over the entire country, even driving a few races to the point of extinction. The Wizards saw that Calencia was too small for so many unique personalities," Locmire told them. He stood and looked around at the vast countryside. "Averale was the solution, and I must say, it has worked. Strife and conflict is uncommon here. Averale is one thousand times the size of Calencia. None of the kingdoms here have ever experienced a major grievance between one another, and when an uncomfortable situation arises, it is solved with diplomacy."
"Who lives in this place?" Thaddeus asked.
Locmire gave him a big grin. "Many beings reside here, in harmony with one another. But we will get to that in a moment. Let us first speak of creation." The Wizard sat back down and cleared away the grass in front of him with a touch of his hand. He drew a circle in the ground, a circle inside of it, and nine other circles on the outer edge of the larger circle. "There were nine Wizards, not counting the first. They were the Master Wizards, and they played a vital role in the creation of life in Calencia. Each of the Wizards resided in a different region of Calencia, for in those times we were not confined to Fogarth. The nine came together in a temple near Lasticall and through great effort brought forth new life. A crystal was placed in each of these circles." Locmire touched each of the nine circles. "The inner circle was saturated with blood from each Wizard. From the crystals, a unique race was created, both male and female. The races that were created took on the personalities and traits of their creators."
"The Wizards created us?" Lot asked.
"No," Locmire said. "It is different with the Humans, but we will get to that in a moment. The races that came to life that day were the Jaluts, Kwaynots, Pranthers, Engeniums, both High and Forest, Groots, Raptilians, Dainties, and the Brazurkins. Each race was strikingly different, except for the Engeniums. They closely resembled one another due to their creators. The creators of the Engeniums were twins, born from the same crystal. One Wizard lived in the forest, enjoying the simple things. The other was attracted to shiny objects, particularly gold. They were always at odds with one another. It surprised no one when the Engeniums became engaged in their bloody war." Locmire wiped away his sketch in the dirt. He touched the bare patch of ground and it sprang to life once more. "As the years passed and the races populated, Calencia became too crowded. When several of the races were faced with extinction, Averale was born."
"So, Fogarth has acted as a distraction to hide this place from Calencia?" Thaddeus asked.
"Yes. There are many horror stories of Fogarth, but none of them are true. Once, a king from Galdarath sent an envoy to Fogarth to bring us good tidings. Legend states they met a horrible fate upon entering the desert," Locmire paused. "This was not true. They were allowed to enter Averale, where their families have strived ever since."
"You mentioned that the Humans came about differently," Lot stated.
"Oh yes, the Humans. It is quite strange how your kind came here. It is still relatively unknown, but it came about much the same way Caleb and Red showed up here. The Humans just simply appeared. They came from a place called Earth," Locmire said. "Even the first Wizard could not unravel this mystery. There is a connection between our world and theirs, although we cannot establish it. What is even more strange is that the people who appear in Calencia, and Averale for that matter, seem to come from different times. Some came to us from an earlier time, while others came from a time much later on, and vice versa."
"When you spoke to us of Red and Caleb, you acted surprised about their arrival, yet knowing all the while that this was possible, perhaps even common. Why so?" Lot asked.
"Only Wizards and the inhabitants of Averale know of this phenomenon. We have kept Averale a secret for many years. We keep many secrets to protect its harmonious existence. Caleb and Red are the first Humans to come to Calencia in many, many, years," Locmire said.
Thaddeus stood, pacing about, looking at the splendor of this new world. The information regarding their existence, creation, and Averale overwhelmed him. For the first time in his life, Thaddeus felt small.
Lot, on the other hand, was taking the news much better. He found all of this fascinating and his love for knowledge fueled his desire. He had so many questions he wanted to ask Locmire concerning Averale, but he would much rather discover them for himself.
"Where did the others come from?" Lot asked. "The Cold Hearts, the Goops, the Hoggins? Why were they created?"
"They were created later on, and with the best intentions, but the already established Calencia was not very accepting toward them. They were driven by the good folk of Calencia to become the way they are," Locmire answered. 
"That is what you meant when you scolded me on the road to Morgorath. When you said that I know nothing. That is what you were referring to," Lot said.
"Yes," Locmire said. "Although some creatures, such as the Gargantuans, were created with bad intent from the start. You must understand, not all Wizards have good intentions, as you can see with Hasbarie. These Wizards, outcasts, went rogue and took creation into their own hands without consulting with the Master Wizards. They were hunted down and exterminated."
"Are there such creatures in Averale?" Lot asked.
"Yes, but not by choice. Some of us thought that if they were introduced into the new land they could somehow integrate and become peaceful. This was not so. These creatures were sent to the uninhibited islands to live amongst themselves. These islands are not peaceful, and most do not consider them to be part of Averale," Locmire answered. 
Finally, Thaddeus turned to the Wizard. "Does my family come from the first Humans? Were my people the first here?"
"Actually, you came from the line of the first Humans, although, your namesake has changed," Locmire said.
Appalled by this news, Thaddeus asked, "Have we not always been known as Graystones?"
"Not always, but you have been such for a very long time." Locmire needed only a moment to recall the name of the first Humans who came to Calencia. "The first Humans had no second name, only a first. Second names came a few years later after the Humans broke away from one another after a disagreement which split their numbers into equal halves. The two factions became known as the Graystones, your ancestors, and the Raymars, also your ancestors. There were over one-hundred Humans who arrived in Calencia and they were led by a man named Gandon. When civil war broke out between them, Gandon and the Raymars were taken to Averale and the Graystones stayed in Calencia."
"Gandon," Thaddeus wondered aloud. "What type of man was he? Was he a warrior? Do his people still remain in Averale?"
"He was a mighty warrior, one of the mightiest warriors to ever walk Calencia, or Averale for that matter, but he was quick to anger. The rift between the Humans came about when they were deciding to which lands they would stake claim. Gandon longed for land in the south, where the Dead Lands are now. The group, later to be known as the Graystones, wished for the land that the Humans currently call home. Gandon declared war upon his kin folk, but we intervened before any blood was shed. The Humans were too interesting to let any of them perish. All in all, he was a well respected man, very knowledgeable and resourceful." Locmire looked at Thaddeus, attempting to read his emotion. "His descendants still reside in Averale. Their lands are known as North Hilegar. They share their island with the High Engeniums, the Hormuts, and the Wailers. The king of North Hilegar is Kraxton Raymar, your equivalent."
"Do they know of Calencia?" Thaddeus asked. "Do they know of us?"
"They do," Locmire answered.
Thaddeus's face grew red. "Are they aware of our predicament?" 
"I am not for certain, but yes, I think they know of the troubles Calencia faces," Locmire answered.
"At this very moment, thousands of our people are blindly marching to their deaths, with no chance at survival, and they choose to turn a blind eye?" Thaddeus asked loudly. 
Locmire had no trouble reading Thaddeus's emotions now.
"You must understand," Locmire said. "Averale is a different place. They have no ties with Calencia. Most would rather keep it that way."
"I wish to speak with the leaders of Averale," Thaddeus demanded. "Arrange a meeting."
"Thaddeus, I do-"
"Arrange a meeting," Thaddeus insisted.
"Very well," Locmire said. "I will return shortly."
Lot stood. "Thaddeus, I understand your anger, but we must make haste. The others may need our help."
"If time is different here, then it will not matter. They will not even realize we are taking more time. We waited a short while for Locmire in Calencia, and in this world he was here for hours," Thaddeus rebutted. "Do you stand with me? Will you be by my side?"
Without hesitation, Lot answered, "Yes. I will be by your side." Lot watched as Locmire drew a portation stone from inside of his robe and disappeared. "What is your plan, Thaddeus?"
"It was Ryker Graystone who lead the discussions at the Calling of the Greats. It seems only appropriate that I do the same. I seek to secure the aid that Calencia needs to survive this encounter with Hasbarie. If I can secure their allegiance, they will turn the tides of battle dramatically to our favor. I seek the aid of Averale," Thaddeus said.
Well spoken, Lot thought. He is a natural leader. How could they refuse him? "Tell me what you require of me, and I will see it done."
"Thank you, brother. This will be much easier with you by my side," Thaddeus said as he placed his hand on Lot's shoulder.
As they waited for Locmire's return, Thaddeus could not help but wonder how this calling would go, if it even would happen. Why would they even consider coming to our aid? We are nothing to them. But Thaddeus had high hopes he could convince some, if not all, of Averale's races to join him in destroying Hasbarie. After all, if the Dark Wizard posed such a threat to Calencia, he had to pose the same threat to Averale. If he is even aware of Averale.
Thaddeus and Lot waited patiently as the setting sun gave way to three large moons, each a different color; red, blue, and yellow. 
Lot could not help but to wonder how the others fared. While Lot and Thaddeus sat gazing at a new sky, Azonis and the others were making use of the early morning light to search for the Dark Priest in the ravine running through Lasticall. 
Ryker and Opper rejoined them, exhausted from their day of exploring. Ryker lay at Thaddeus's side. Opper perched on a limb next to Lot. Only time would tell if Thaddeus received the aid he so desperately sought.
Chapter 44
Out of the Depths
"I never thought I would say this, but I am glad to be on the surface," Oggy said.
"Ye be safe now," Red said, patting Oggy on top of his head.
"Stop patting me like that!" Oggy said, grabbing Red and shoving him away. "You make me feel like a pet when you do that."
"Ye are a cute lil ting. When dis is all said and done, me tinks me will take ya home wiff me!" Red said, erupting with laughter.
"I would hate for him to be my master," Urganox added.
"That is enough. The next one of you to make another jape like that will find yourself on the wrong end of this!" Oggy exclaimed, shaking his oversized fist at them.
"Easy, Oggy," Azonis said, smiling. "Let us make plans before you start handing out punishment."
"Right," Oggy said. He stroked his beard and considered punching Red and Urganox anyway. "Ahhh," he said, waving them off. "Let's get to it then."
"The armies are marching to Pizenchaffe as we speak. Lasticall is safe, for the moment." Azonis looked at his kingdom from the balcony of his castle. "I hope Tontal has made a wise decision. Lasticall is vulnerable. Anyone could breach its walls." He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "We have not heard from Locmire and the others. We should assume that they are well, just taking longer than expected. It is just past midday. What should we do? Wait for their return? Or travel to Galdarath and search for the other Dark Priest?"
"I say we go to Galdarath." Urganox grinded his teeth together loudly. "I cannot wait to get my hands on the other Priest."
"I concur," Oggy said.
"Yez," Jeszekia said. "We need to zet out at onze."
Azonis stroked his chin. "Rasmere?"
"Galdarath," Rasmere replied.
Azonis looked to Red, River, and Caleb. They nodded their heads.
"That settles it. Prepare yourselves. We use the portation stone soon." Azonis said."I have just a few more matters in which I must attend." 
"Here they are," the blacksmith said, entering the throne room and bowing to present Azonis with a shield and sword. Azonis's golden weaponry had taken a beating when he came face to face with the fire breathing Draith Lord in the temple. "Good as new."
Azonis looked over his sword and sheathed it on his side. He stared at his reflection in the shield for a moment, then secured it to his back.
"Excellent work. You will be compensated properly," Azonis said.
"Thank you, Sestian," the blacksmith said. "But I do not require compensation for my services. All I ask is that you destroy this evil that plagues our lands and threatens our people."
"I cannot promise you victory, but I will promise you I will die defending our realm," Azonis said. "I thank you for your support and generous offering."
"You are most welcome, Sestian." The blacksmith bowed his head and backed out of the throne room.
"Your people show you unwavering support," Oggy said. "You are well respected. That trait is hard earned."
"I do not have the support of all of my people," Azonis said, looking to Rasmere. "But I plan to change that soon."
Rasmere nodded his head slightly, even producing a slight grin, but in the back of his mind he still wondered. Will he hold true to his words? For his sake, I hope so.
Chapter 45
Pader
"Do you realize what is at stake here?" Hasbarie asked, hovering over top of Pader. "Do you realize that you are the last remaining Priest? You possess the last crystal and it must be protected with your life."
"B-b-but, how am I supposed to defeat The Saviors when all the others have failed? Even Azzer failed in Fogarth, and his Draith Lord was exceptionally powerful." Pader's feet shuffled across the floor, and he wrenched his hands nonstop. "I am afraid. Afraid that I will fail you like the others."
"Pader, Pader, Pader," Hasbarie said, placing his hand on the Priest's head. "I saved the best for last. The Draith Lord that will accompany you is the most powerful of them all. The Saviors will not stand a chance. Do not worry, my faithful servant. Even if death finds you, I will bring you back out of the darkness to stand at my side as I rule over Calencia."
Pader looked up at Hasbarie with big, wet eyes. "Do you really mean that?"
"I would never lie to you. I do not make empty promises." I am lying to you right now, you imbecile! "It was you who helped bring me back to this world. You scoured Calencia to find the shards of my crystal. I will not forget that." If it wasn't you four, there would have been another group of inept failures who would have come along in your place. Hasbarie took Pader by the hand and brought him to his feet. "Go and prepare. The Saviors will arrive in Galdarath before long and we must be ready."
"When will the Draith Lord be there to aid me?" Pader asked.
"He will be there when the time is right," Hasbarie told him. "It is time for you to leave. Serve me well, Pader."
"I will not let you down," Pader said, as he stepped back through the portal leading into Galdarath. Hasbarie removed the crystal from the palm of his staff, closing the portal behind him.
Hasbarie went to Mother's chamber at the center of the Onock. The walls of the chamber beat rapidly. He could hear her heart pounding. She was excited.
"Mother?" Hasbarie said in a hush. "Are you awake?"
"You know I am awake," Mother gurgled. "How could a mother sleep at a time like this? It will all be over soon. All of our efforts will have paid off."
"Pader is so eager to rush off to meet his death, it is almost sad," Hasbarie said, grinning. "The Priests played their parts perfectly. It is a shame they could not have at least killed one of The Saviors."
"It is not over yet," Mother said, gulping down a large amount of fluid. "Locmire will have all four parts of the crystal in his possession shortly. The confrontation will be upon us soon. Speaking of Locmire, has he been located?"
"No, and that worries me. It is as if the Wizard, Thaddeus, and his brother just disappeared. I cannot sense their presence anywhere in Calencia," Hasbarie said. He scratched at his head, digging his nail under the surface of the skin. Got you. He pulled a green worm from the soft skin of his scalp, considered it, then threw it aside. "The last place I sensed them was in Fogarth."
"This has me worried. Where could they be?" Mother asked.
"It is almost as if they are no longer in this world," Hasbarie replied.
"Could they have somehow traveled to the world from where the Humans came?"
"Doubtful. As far as I know, the Wizards have still not made a connection to their world. It is a one way portal from there to here," Hasbarie answered. He touched the wall of Mother's chamber. "Your heart is racing."
"Once Locmire has the last fragment of the crystal, they will come, and when they do, we will be ready for them. Also, the kingdoms forged an alliance and are marching this way as we speak, but do not fret, I have amassed a grand army to defend us. Their army will be slaughtered," Mother said.
"They do not concern me," Hasbarie said. "They cannot reach us until Locmire brings the crystals together and dispels the barrier. It will be too late once The Saviors arrive. By then, there will no longer be an army of Calencia to help them oppose us, only more Breathless at my disposal."
 Mother replied, "Hasbarie, my beloved son, you speak like one with too much confidence. You speak-"
"I speak like the Lord of the Dead! I speak like one with power that none can oppose!" Spittle flew from his mouth. Mother's constant contradictions angered him. She does not put the faith in me that I do in her. "We are both more powerful than before. We are unstoppable."
"This is true," Mother stated. She lashed out with a fleshy tentacle and struck Hasbarie across the face, opening a sizeable wound in his decayed flesh. He fell to one knee, tracing the laceration with his fingers. "But they do have the assistance of a Wizard, and a powerful one at that. We must proceed with caution."
Hasbarie rose to his feet. His nostrils flared wildly, and his lips flattened. With a careful, controlled tone, Hasbarie said, "Do not lay your hands on me in such a manner ever again. This is your last warning."
"Hasbarie," Mother said, licking her lips. With an affectionate touch, she stroked the cut on his face. "I only wish for you to keep your eyes open. Our victory is not as secure as you think. I love you, my son. I punish you out of love."
Hasbarie clasped her tentacle gingerly. "I am sorry I spoke to you in such a manner, Mother. My temper is short during these days. I know you want what is best for me." Why do I treat her the way I do? She loves me more than anyone has ever loved me. He formed a steeple with his hands and pressed them to his lips. "Forgive me, Mother."
"Do not worry, my son," she gurgled. "This will all be over soon. Through wisdom and power, we will begin our rule over this land. The Saviors and the Wizard will soon be behind us, and we can move on."
"Are the Necarts almost ready?" Hasbarie asked, biting down on a smile.
"Almost. It will not be long. We will see how The Saviors and the Wizard deal with such omnipotent beings. The Necarts are among the most powerful servants from my world. The Saviors will be very lucky if they survive the encounter with them," Mother assured him.
"I want them deployed as quickly as possible. I want to destroy any hopes The Saviors may have at victory." Hasbarie stood. "I am going back to my throne to see if I can locate Locmire. He has to be somewhere." I will find him. He cannot hide from me. "Is there anything you require of me?"
"No, my son. Be on your way," Mother answered.
"Summon me when the Necarts are ready," Hasbarie said, as he marched out of Mother's chambers and through the pooled blood and floating body parts.
Chapter 46
A New Calling
A misty hue fell over Thaddeus and Lot as they sat next to a crackling campfire awaiting Locmire's return. Opper and Ryker were fast asleep, nestled next to one another.
"It is hard to believe that the Hormuts have such a bad reputation in Calencia," Lot said as he listened to Ryker's thunderous snores. "I mean sure, he could rip a man's arm off in the blink of an eye, but he is generally very affectionate."
"It seems many creatures received a bad name in Calencia," Thaddeus answered. "I am quite fond of Ryker. He has turned out to be a great companion."
"This waiting is driving me crazy," Lot said, fidgeting. "We have been here for hours. Where is he?"
"I doubt bringing together the leaders of each kingdom will be an easy task, even for a Wizard. Take comfort knowing that in relation to Calencia's time, we have only been gone for a short while," Thaddeus said, reassuringly.
"Do you think you will be able to convince them to join our cause?" Lot asked.
"That I do not know," Thaddeus said. "For the sake of Calencia, I hope we can somehow convince the kingdoms of Averale to help us in the fight."
"Apologies for being gone so long, but I think you will be pleased to see who has returned with me," Locmire called out from behind them. 
They jumped to their feet and turned to see the Wizard standing in front of the twelve leaders from each of the kingdoms in Averale. It seemed that everyone had made the journey.
This is a good sign, Thaddeus thought. I cannot believe that they actually came. A good start.
 The leaders from each of kingdoms came to hear Thaddeus out. Before him stood a Groot, Jalut, Human, both High and Forest Engenium, Kwaynot, Raptilian, Brazurkin, Wailer, Dainty, Hormut, and Pranther. This was a most impressive hodgepodge of individuals, and Thaddeus had the utmost confidence that he could sway them to fight for not only his kingdom, but all of Calencia.
"It is a pleasure to meet the lot of you," Thaddeus said, bending at the waist. He motioned them toward the fire. "Please, come and have a seat."
"On the ground? Like an animal?" The Pranther asked, curling his top lip. "I think not."
"But you are a beast," the High Engenium said and let out a hearty laugh.
"That is enough!" the Human King said loudly. "I did not come to this place in the middle of the night to make jokes. Let us get straight to business."
"We found logs for each of you to sit upon," Lot said. "It is not the most comfortable chair, but it will suffice."
"Thank you for your hospitality," the Jalut said, taking a seat on the roundest log.
At least they are not all rude, Thaddeus thought.
They took their seats beside the fire. Thaddeus and Lot sat next to one another, with the Human King of Averale on Thaddeus's right, and the Pranther to Lot's left. Ryker roamed about with the alpha male of the Hormuts, sniffing at him like canines do, though he did not seem to mind. Locmire and Opper sat across from Thaddeus and Lot with an Engenium on each side of them.
"Well," Thaddeus said. "Let us get to business."
"There is no business here," the Human King said. "I do not even know why the Wizard insisted that I come to this meeting. It is pointless."
"And what might your name be?" Thaddeus asked.
"I am King Kraxton Raymar of North Hilegar. I am-"
"You are a man with more titles than manners. If you wish to display only your ignorance, you are more than welcome to depart from here," Thaddeus said, narrowing his brow and holding his arm out to the side, gesturing for King Raymar to leave.
Kraxton stood, but instead of leaving, he drew his sword. 
"I do not know who you think you are, but if you ever speak to me in such a manner again, I will-"
"Did you not hear me?" Thaddeus said as he stood and held his two-handed dragon bone axe in his blue hand. "You are free to go. If you do not wish to hear what I have to say, I do not wish to see you burdened so. But like you, I will not tolerate disrespect, for I am also a king. I come to you with the utmost respect, and I expect to be treated equally so." Thaddeus paused when he saw Kraxton's hand wrenching the hilt of his sword. "If you do not plan on swinging your steel, I suggest that you find its proper place because I guarantee you I am ready to use mine own."
"Do you honestly believe that you can best the mighty King Kraxton Raymar?" Kraxton asked.
"Ah," Thaddeus said with smile. "Yet another title. Now he adds mighty to the front of his name." This is not going as expected. I must settle this. "I promise you, King Raymar, I am a man with much more to lose than yourself. Not only does mine own life hang in the balance, but the fate of an entire kingdom. I am driven to win. I must win. There is no other option. If you wish to test my determination, please let me indulge you. Otherwise, sheath your blade and retake your seat or head back to whatever throne from which you came."
Kraxton Raymar looked around at the other leaders of Averale. Each one of them turned away from him as his eyes met theirs. He slammed his sword back into its sheath and plopped back down onto his log.
Thaddeus did the same. "Now that courtesies are out of the way, my name is King Thaddeus Graystone of Galdarath, and this is my brother, Lot Caskill. We come from Calencia, a world unbeknownst to many of you. A world not too far from here, yet still worlds apart. I gathered you here tonight seeking your aid to help us defeat the evil that plagues our land."
"Calencia, eh? We know of Calencia. Our ancestors told us of that vile place. It even remains in some of our history books, but not many. We have forgotten that land of evil," the leader of the Dainties said.
"What is your name? If you do not mind me asking," Thaddeus asked.
"My name is Volton Bluestone, King of the Dainties," he answered.
"King Bluestone, I do admit that Calencia is home to many evils. A great number of vile creatures roam our lands, including my own people, but with that, there is also a greater number of kind, generous ones. None more so than King Oggius Stonefist, ruler of the Dainties in Calencia. In times past, the Dainties and the Humans have always had a good relationship. Please, do not let the deeds of some seal the fate of others," Thaddeus insisted.
King Bluestone did not answer, he only tugged at his long, yellow beard.
"I am Chieftain Brabble of the Groots. My ancestors were one of the last fortunate souls to be sacrificed from the evil of Calencia and brought to Averale. My people do not forget. We know the treacherous deeds that occur in Calencia." He hopped down off of his log and made his way over to Thaddeus. "Why should we go back there and help a land that had no room for us?"
"Chieftain Brabble," Thaddeus said softly. "I know the fate of your people, and it was a most tragic and unfortunate one. There is nothing I can say or do that can right those wrongs, but I will say this. No one living in Calencia today had anything to do with the travesty that fell upon your people. In fact, I can assure you that if that happened today, we would have taken up arms beside of you."
The Groot Chieftain did not respond, but merely turned and walked away.
This is getting us nowhere. Each one of them has a grievance against Calencia. I will be the better part of the night trying to convince each of them otherwise. Thaddeus looked around at them, noting their unconcerned faces. I am losing them. I must do something. He stood.
"I could sit here tonight and tell each of you how sorry I am sorry for the injustices you encountered in Calencia, but I feel the conversation would never end, and I would still not have earned your allegiance. This evil that threatens my lands will stop at no lengths to destroy Calencia and its inhabitants, good and evil alike. If Hasbarie is successful, what is to say that he will stop with Calencia? What if he comes to Averale afterward? At this moment you all have an opportunity to do something great, something to be spoken of for lifetimes to come. You have the opportunity to become legends." He paced back and forth in front of them, taking extra time to make eye contact with each and every soul around the fire. Keep it up, he thought. They are listening. "I will not waste anymore of your time. When I point to you, state your name and from where you hail. Then I will ask your decision individually. Any objections?"
No one spoke.
Thaddeus pointed to Kraxton Raymar.
"Kraxton Raymar of North Hilegar," he said.
"Do you lend your aid to Calencia?" Thaddeus asked.
"I do not," Kraxton said sternly. 
I knew your answer the moment I laid eyes upon you. He moved on.
"Chieftain Brable of the Sparkling Woods," the Groot said.
"Do you lend your aid to Calencia?"
Biting his bottom lip, Chieftain Brable said, "I am sorry. I cannot aid you."
Thaddeus nodded. I thought there was hope with him. If any offer to help me, it will be the Dainties, I know it.
"King Volton Bluestone of Cronkinhill," he said, puffing out his chest.
"Can you lend your aid?" Thaddeus asked.
"No. I see no reason to do so," King Bluestone replied.
"Very well," Thaddeus answered.
Lot shuffled his feet in the dirt. His eyes grew cold with hate. Why are they not helping us? Certainly one kingdom will offer aid.
"King Nazaut Longclaw of the Green Isles," the Pranther King said. Before Thaddeus could ask him the all important question, he answered. "The Pranthers have no aid to offer you either."
That was to the point, Lot thought.
Thaddeus took a deep breath and continued.
"Grandwing Fraymere Stormsoar of Vostensale," the Kwaynot said.
"Will you lend your aid to Calencia?" Thaddeus asked.
"I am truly sorry. You seem like a kind Human," the bird-like man answered.
"Thank you," Thaddeus replied. Thank you for nothing.
"Sestian Addicraz Goldenkind of South Hilegar," the High Engenium answered. "Before you ask, there is no aid to be given by my people. I apologize."
Thaddeus nodded. Why could Azonis not be as humble?
"Chieftain Oakenshaft of the Lost Forest," the Forest Engenium said. "We cannot lend aid. Apologies."
Thaddeus pointed at the Wailer.
"Zop of Zol. No aid Human. No aid," he repeated.
He pointed to the Brazurkin.
"I need not tell you my name, or where I come from. I do not wish to help you," he grumbled.
If Urganox was here, you would change your demeanor, Thaddeus almost said. Instead, he smiled and moved on.
" Queen Ilia Deathbane of the Murkizh Islez," the Raptilian said.
"Can you aid Calencia in our time of need?" Thaddeus asked.
"We'z cannot. Zo zorry King Grayztone," she answered.
"I am Stone Lord Jagnar of Migtar," the Jalut said. "The Humans of Calencia drove my people to the brink of extinction, and for what? A sturdy wall. You are lucky that I do not crush you. The only reason I do not, is out of respect for Locmire."
"I am sorry you feel that way, Stone Lord Jagnar," Thaddeus said. I would like to see you try.
Last but not least, Thaddeus pointed to the Hormut. "Do you lend your aid to Calencia?" 
For a moment, the Hormut from the Torrith Plains turned his thick head from side to side, considering his request. He looked at Ryker. His big eyes almost seemed to tear up. He growled and walked away.
Thaddeus stood silent. His stomach felt like he had not eaten in days. His innards tied themselves in knots. 
Not a single kingdom will stand with us. Why? Is Calencia truly so evil that no one will lend us their swords. "I thank you for coming to speak with me. I wish you all the best." Thaddeus turned to walk down the hill away from the clearing, when Lot grabbed him by the forearm.
"That's it?" Lot asked with wide eyes. "You are letting it go so easily?"
"I cannot sway their decision. They do not care about Calencia. Why should they?" Thaddeus replied.
"You can give up hope, but I will not," Lot said sternly. Lot marched himself to the center of the circle where the leaders of the kingdoms still sat quietly. "I thought kings and rulers were heroic warriors? Is there not one of you who has the courage and compassion to lend us your swords?"
The Brazurkin King stood. "I am the mightiest warrior to ever take breath into his lungs." He looked around at the others. "We are all warriors. Much more so than any being in Calencia."
"If you call yourselves warriors, then my brother and I must be gods!" Lot declared. "To the best of my knowledge, the definition of a heroic warrior is one that meets evil head on. One that takes a stand against the darkness that others turn a blind eye toward. Kings and rulers you may be, but warriors you are not! Averale, nor its people, mean anything to my brother and I, but I can guarantee that if you came to us seeking aid, we would not hesitate to join your cause. The same goes for the other kings and rulers of Calencia." Do not hold back now. "I now see why Averale has no conflict. You have no compassion, no drive, no heart, no courage. You are cowards! The whole lot of you! You speak of the evils in Calencia, I find this place no different, aside from the fact that the kings and rulers of Averale are craven. You call yourselves warriors. I laugh at that. None of you have ever even seen battle. You are no more a warrior than I am a dragon!"
Chieftan Oakenshaft stood. 
"The affairs of Calencia is of no concern to us. You cannot ask us to risk the lives of our people for a land we have no ties with, or ever will."
"We all have ties," Lot said. "Most of us come from the same bloodlines. I know that Thaddeus and I come from the same people as King Raymar. Everyone here has ties with Calencia, even if those ties are long severed."
Stone Lord Jagnar stood. "The ties of my people are still in Calencia, in the form of a wall."
"And my ties are on the verge of finding themselves lying face down in a pool of blood, or worse," Lot replied sharply.
Stone Lord Jagnar and Chieftan Oakenshaft sat back down. No one else spoke for a very long moment.
"This is pointless," Lot said. "We will save our land by ourselves, without the support of Averale." Having said his mind, and the mind of Thaddeus, Lot stormed down the hill with Ryker and Opper in tow.
The rulers of Averale sat by, jaws open, at a loss for words. They all looked to Locmire.
"Do not look to me," the Wizard said. "I think Lot said all that needed to be said. While he may have been harsh, much of what he said is true. I am certain that Thaddeus and Lot would not hesitate to join any of you in battle." Locmire stood and gave each of them a portation stone. "Here, take these and return home."
Locmire walked slowly down the hill to rejoin Thaddeus and Lot.
"What you said," Thaddeus paused. "That speech would have ignited anyone with half a conscious. Unfortunately, the inhabitants of Averale have no conscious."
"I was not ready to give up just yet. Seems you were right. It was a waste of time," Lot said.
Locmire approached them. "We need to travel back to Calencia."
"Why did you let us go through with that?" Thaddeus asked.
"Because you needed to," Locmire replied.
"You knew the outcome before it even happened, didn't you?" Lot asked.
"Yes," Locmire replied.
"And you let us suffer through it anyway?" Lot asked.
Before Locmire could answer, Thaddeus placed his hand on Lot's shoulder and said, "It is all right."
Lot brushed away Thaddeus's hand. "No! It is not all right."
"It had to be done, Lot. No part of the prophecy is set in stone. If the rulers of Averale agreed to join our fight, it would have dealt a major blow to the Dark Wizard. It was well worth the effort," Locmire said.
"I thought you said Averale was a good place? I find this place repulsive," Lot blurted out. "Take us home. I cannot stomach to be in this land any longer."
Locmire produced his portation stone and within a moment, they were back in the ruins of Fogarth.
 Night had fallen upon the desert. Hasbarie's wake of destruction was barely visible. At least until the end of Locmire's staff illuminated.
"Why are we not in Galdarath or Lasticall?" Thaddeus asked.
"I must gather some very special items from here before we go," Locmire answered.
"What kind of items?" Thaddeus asked.
"Items that will help The Saviors turn the tide of battle in their favor," Locmire replied with a grin.
Locmire walked behind the tower. He shoved his staff into the ground. The sands peeled away revealing a hidden door in the desert floor. Locmire bent over and pulled it open. "Wait here," he said as he descended the steps into darkness. A moment later he returned with a small sack in hand.
"What do you have in there?" Lot asked as Locmire tossed the sack onto the ground.
"Gifts," the Wizard answered. "I had the Menders working on these for years." The Wizard opened the sack and rummaged through it. "This is for you, Lot," Locmire said, handing the Thief a crystal ring.
"What is this?" Lot asked.
"A Thief's best friend," Locmire replied.
Lot slipped on the ring. "What is it supposed to do? I do not feel any different." Lot noticed Thaddeus stood frozen in place, jaw gaping wide. "What? What is wrong?" Lot asked.
"You... are...gone!" Thaddeus said.
"What?" Lot asked, confused.
"You are no longer here. I cannot see you, only hear you," Thaddeus answered.
He is right! Lot thought as he waved his hand in front of his face, unable to see it.
"It is the Ring of Invisibility. It took many years to develop it. I thought it would come in handy, and now, I found its rightful owner," Locmire said.
Lot removed the ring and reappeared. "This is most fascinating. An object such as this would be dangerous in the wrong hands."
"That is why I gave it to you," Locmire said.
"What do you have in that sack for me?" Thaddeus asked.
Locmire handed Thaddeus another ring made from crystal. 
"Put this on."
Thaddeus placed the ring on his finger, expecting something magical to happen, but he was sadly disappointed. "What does it do?" Thaddeus asked.
"Draw your swords or you axe. It does not matter which," Locmire said.
Thaddeus unsheathed his swords. His eyes grew the size of yarkle eggs. His left blade burned a fiery red, tearing through the night sky. Heat radiated all around him. He looked at the blade in his right hand to find a thick sheet of ice surrounding it. The coldness rolled off the blade and battled the surrounding heat of the desert. Thaddeus sheathed his swords and drew his axe. The left blade of his axe burned bright while the right blade gleamed with ice.
"The Ring of Fire and Ice," Locmire said. "Do you favor it?"
At a loss for words, Thaddeus said, "It is amazing."
"These rings will help tremendously in our upcoming conflicts. Take precious care of them. Use them wisely and be careful in doing so," Locmire said. "The Menders went to great lengths to make them functional. They were their last great invention."
"Is there something like this for all of us in that sack?" Lot asked.
"Yes, there is an object for each of The Saviors," Locmire replied.
This news did wonders to lift Thaddeus and Lot's spirits. After the rejection they received in Averale, Locmire knew that these gifts would do them much good.
"Where to from here? Lasticall? Galdarath?" Lot asked.
"Galdarath, I do believe." Locmire paused as he looked around, "But first, I would like to walk for a while. Just to clear our minds. Sometimes a good walk does much good for the body and spirit."
"All right then, let us walk," Thaddeus said.
Lot's brow raised, and he gave Locmire a queer look.
"Shouldn't we be going to meet the others?" Lot asked.
Locmire paid him no mind.
"I wish to walk along the road from Fogarth toward Morgorath. Something. . . call it an old Wizard's intuition is leading me in that direction," Locmire said. 
As they passed through the boundaries of Fogarth and back into Calencia, the desert night turned into morning.
This concept of time is straining my mind, Lot thought, squinting his eyes. I suppose some things are not meant to be understood.
The Wizard turned and gave Fogarth one final look, remembering what his desert homeland looked like before Hasbarie's army marched on it. Rest in peace, my friends. He pulled off his goggles and wiped small crystal fragments, Wizard's tears, from his eyes and cheeks. He put his goggles back on, pulled his hood, and walked out of the desert for the last time.
Chapter 47
Change
Every last High Engenium came to meet Azonis as he strode down the castle steps on his way to Galdarath. 
Rasmere looked to the wall that the Woggen had destroyed. Hundreds of his kind toiled away to repair the broken protective barrier.
Not a single High Engenium helps with the labor. No surprise. They have always been more proficient at watching than doing. Rasmere unclenched his jaw and took his place; two steps behind Azonis's right shoulder.
The High Engeniums threw roses and gold coins at Sestian Ferrini's feet, roaring and cheering at the top of their lungs.
Oggy looked to Urganox and said, "I didn't even get this kind of reception when I reclaimed my throne."
"And just think, he has only been gone for a few days," Urganox said.
Oggy shook his head and continued ducking and dodging the incoming assault of roses.
Urganox caught a single rose and gave it to Jeszekia. "For my Queen," he said, face turning a different shade of green.
"How zweet you are." She took a big whiff of the fresh flower. Too bad zeez do not grow in the marzh. She smiled and placed her hand in his.
As they marched through the town square, the crowd called out, "Speech! Speech!" They formed a large circle around Azonis and his companions, preventing them from leaving.
The Sestian turned to his Sword. Rasmere nodded.
Azonis held his arms high above his head. The crowd erupted with cheers.
Me didn tink it possible fur dem to get much louder. Red put a finger in each ear.
The Sestian motioned for the crowd to quiet down, and they did so immediately. 
Azonis stretched out his arms and closed his eyes, looking to the sky. The sun glistened off of his golden armor, making it appear that he was glowing.
"Citizens of Lasticall." He waited for the applause to end. "It is so good to be home, but I regret to inform you that my visit is short lived." 
The crowd booed. 
"These are most perilous times. The Lord of the Dead has in fact returned, but do not fear, my companions and I have thwarted him at every turn. In fact, at this very moment we are headed to Galdarath to destroy another of his Priests." 
Azonis smiled as the applause came once more. 
"I want to thank everyone for the hard work you put forth in restoring our kingdom. You will be rewarded appropriately for your deeds."
He stands here praising the High Engeniums for work they have taken no part in while my kind labor away rebuilding his precious wall. I should put an arrow through his eye. 
"Rasmere Elmidas, come forth."
The crowd grew silent. Rasmere stood next to Azonis.
Azonis whispered, "I thought you may want to be present for this."
"Present for what? Another injustice to my kind?"
"I, Azonis Ferrini, Sestian of Lasticall, hereby declare the mines to be idled, indefinitely."
Gasps and mutters of, "What?" and, "Did he say what I think he said?" rang through Lasticall. Even the Forest Engeniums stopped working on the wall to make sure they heard him correctly.
"For the last five hundred years my family has broken a promise to our neighbors in the forest, and I plan on correcting that problem. . . today. As of this moment, and every moment forward, I declare the Forest Engeniums free of High Engenium rule. Never again will a Forest Engenium answer to a High Engenium, nor will a High Engenium order a Forest Engenium. Lasticall relinquishes its rights to the forest and grants those lands back to their rightful owners. You are free. Go see your families and homes protected."
Rasmere stood, jaw hanging and eyes wide. Azonis turned to him and smiled. Once again he addressed the crowd.
"Vote on who will be your Chieftain, or don't. It is none of my concern how you decide who will lead. When I return to Lasticall, we will meet and discuss any important matters, but I must inform you of this. Rasmere Elmidas cannot be your Chieftain, for he will be my successor as Sestian of Lasticall."
Someone in the crowed called out, "You cannot do this!"
Azonis spun around and said, "Who said that? Show yourself!"
A rather smug looking High Engenium with flowing silver hair stepped forward. "I said it. You cannot do this."
Azonis went to him. The Sestian drew his blade and stuck its tip into the High Engeniums throat. 
"I can do whatever I want." He twisted his sword back and forth. "Do you challenge that statement?"
"N-n-no, Sestian Ferrini."
"Guards!" Azonis called out. 
The Royal Guards of Lasticall came forward.
"If anyone speaks of such things again, or if you see a High Engenium mistreat a Forest Engenium in any way, lock them in the dungeon until I return. Understood?"
They nodded.
Azonis turned to walk away when someone else called out to him, stopping him dead in his tracks.
"How dare you!" A High Engenium said. "How dare you disgrace our heritage by naming a nasty Forest Engenium as heir to the throne?"
"Guards."
The Royal Guards grabbed the High Engenium and drug him off to the dungeon. 
Never had Lasticall been so silent. No one uttered a word. It was as if the entire city had been turned to stone, inhabitants included.
Finally, after several long moments, a Forest Engenium dropped his tools and walked through the gate and across the bridge. The rest of his kind followed shortly.
"Now, since that matter is settled, I want these walls fortified before day's end. Pick up their tools and get to work."
Azonis waited and watched as the High Engeniums spoke back and forth amongst one another, snarling and cursing. When they did not take to their task in a timely manner Azonis gave an order to the guards.
"Since these individuals do not think the task I gave them urgent, I order you to kill anyone who is not doing their part to defend Lasticall. Consider them traitors and take off their heads."
The guards nodded once more.
The High Engeniums knew the Royal Guards of Lasticall meant business. They rushed off, picking up the Forest Engenium's tools, to fortify their city.
Oggy, Urganox, and the others came to Azonis.
"Ziz iz a very zpecial day! I am proud of you, Zeztian Ferinni."
"Freedom, eh?" Oggy slapped Azonis on the leg. "Great, isn't it?"
"That it is," Azonis replied, smiling.
"That was a brave thing," Urganox said. "It takes a true ruler to do something so drastic. A sign of a true Sestian."
Before Azonis could respond, River came over and hugged him around the neck. 
"I knew you were not as mean as you pretended," she said.
"Just do not tell everyone. I do not want to be known as a tender ruler," Azonis said.
"Good job," Red said. "Iffin dey gets outta line, juss let Red know." 
"Certainly," Azonis said.
"This moment," Caleb said, touching his index finger to his palm, "will go down in the history books."
 "When someone reads this page in a book, I hope the next page doesn't tell of a kingdom that overthrew their Sestian," Azonis said. "But this is a historic day."
Finally, Rasmere made his way over to Azonis. He stared at Azonis for a long moment. Then, he broke into tears. He embraced Azonis and buried his face into the Sestian's shoulder. Azonis patted Rasmere on the back while he cried.
Rasmere sucked back his tears and wiped his face.
"Sestian, you will never know what this means to me. What this means to my kind. I cannot find the words to thank you."
"Your actions are sufficient enough. There is no need to speak of this any further. It is done," Azonis said, looking to the wall as he heard the sounds of the construction picking back up. "My people hate me, and I feel better than I have in my entire life. Things are well, at least for this moment. Let us not ruin it with words."
"You will forever have my respect and loyalty, until I take my final breath," Rasmere said.
"And I make the same promise to you," Azonis said, placing his hand on Rasmere's shoulder. "Come, we must make our way to Galdarath. This quest we are on, it is about to reach its end."

End of Book Two
About the Author

Born and raised in a hollow in West Virginia, Brian grew up listening to the stories of his parents and grandparents. He was captivated by their abilities to spin a tale. He knew at a young age, he wanted to do the same.
A husband and father of two, Brian enjoys spending time with his family, playing video games, hunting, fishing, and writing.
Follow him on social media.
Twitter: @redgoochybpg
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/brianhutchinsonauthor
Check out his other books:
Locmire's Quest: Book One
Krayburn Hollow Volume 1


