The Snow Wolf's Daughter
Copyright 2013 Mike Kenny
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art and Interior Map by Mike Kenny



Prologue
The Battle of the Blue Forest

The sloping hillside was flawless with a fresh sheet of white snow.  Below lay a narrow valley wedged in between two low ridges, which led south toward the Bay of Shards.  No roads existed this far north, and the valley was the most direct route between the Bay and White Flame, the capital city of Aushara, which lay two hundred leagues to the northeast.  The towering pines of the Blue Forest loomed in the distance above each ridge, like huge jagged spires of blue ice.  The sky was cloudless, the weather clear and perfect, although the temperature was nearly freezing.
Sasha Snowfire crouched motionless in the snow, far enough back on the ridge that she couldn't see into the valley.  In each gloved hand she gripped the sturdy wooden handle of an Aushar war axe, and her left arm was strapped to a circular wooden shield.  She wore stiff brown leather and soft black fur.  Her shoulder-length hair, bright red and glinting in the afternoon sun, poked out from under her black fur hood.
To her left and right, more warriors waited patiently, their collective breath creating a silvery mist that hovered over them.  They wielded a wide assortment of weapons:  swords both short and long, hatchets and battle axes, wooden clubs and spiked maces, mining picks with sharpened points, even a few spears.  Four hundred men and women lined the top of the ridge.  Most were men, but Sasha was not the only woman, although at only nineteen years of age, she was certainly the youngest.
Even in freezing temperatures, the cold did not bother her.  The Aushar people were born to the cold and snow, spending their lives in the vast, frozen north, and possessed a natural resistance to the cold.  Sasha usually felt comfortable in weather that southerners found far too cold, although sitting motionless in the snow for hours did eventually let the cold creep into her skin.  Whenever she felt a chill, she summoned a simple Charm to imbue herself with a soothing warmth to keep the cold at bay.  Such native Charms were the heritage of the Aushar people in the north, giving them a variety of special powers and abilities to keep them alive in the unforgiving arctic wasteland.
Each of the geographical regions of Evios - Aushara, Verdana, Morenda, Orthasa, and others that Sasha didn't even know the names of - bestowed hereditary powers and abilities to the people native to those regions.  However, Charms lost their potency if an individual traveled outside their native homeland.  Sasha's magical Charms ceased to function if she strayed too far south into Verdana, and likewise, the Verdan soldiers currently marching north along the valley could not summon their own Charms this deep inside Aushara.
The night before, Aushar scouts brought word of six Verdan war galleys in the Bay of Shards.  Before dawn, the ships delivered a force of nearly six thousand soldiers of the Verdan army, known as the Emperor's Legion.  By late morning, just before noon, the sounds of the oncoming army reached the ears of Sasha and the other Aushar waiting atop the ridge.
Two long columns of soldiers marched mechanically in clanking metal armor, flying long banners with the blue and gold insignia of the Verdan King Emperor.  They carried longswords and tower shields and their ornamental helmets sported long plumes of feathers that seemed to shiver in the breeze.  The once pristine layer of snow turned to mud and slush under the Legion soldiers' trampling feet.  The snow was only about a foot deep, but that was more than enough of a hindrance to the advancing Legion soldiers.
Several paces up ahead of Sasha, peering carefully over the top of the hillside at the oncoming columns of soldiers, was Drakus Windrunner, the commander of their small force.  He remained motionless, awaiting a signal from the opposite hillside, where more of their comrades waited.  Crystals of snow spotted his shaggy red hair and bushy beard, and his skin had a pockmarked, windburned complexion.  Most of the people around Sasha had similar features: dark red hair, ruddy skin, and brown or red eyes.
Sasha's own complexion was not so harsh.  Her skin was soft and fair, and that, along with her lighter red hair, was evidence of her mixed parentage.  She was born half-Verdan.  As a result, her own Aushar Charms were not as powerful as those of a full-blooded Aushar.  If an individual's bloodline was mixed, they inherited the Charms of both parents, but the Charms were less effective.  Sasha had never been to Verdana, but she could summon Verdan Charms if she ever went there.  The more mixed an individual's heritage, the weaker their Charms.  If someone was born to several generations of mixed-race parents, they usually lost the ability to use Charms at all.
It was one of the reasons that mixed-race children were frowned upon.  Sometimes a mixed-race child such as Sasha would be rejected or shunned in the more traditional Aushar villages, but Sasha knew she was a special case.  Her father, Orden Snowfire, commanded the entire Aushar army currently lying in wait above the valley.  Everyone liked to call him the Snow Wolf, but to Sasha, Orden was simply her father, and he was the only family she knew.  Orden was her only living family member, the last of the Snowfire line.  Sasha's mother was long dead and she had no siblings.
A thin wisp of smoke drifted up from the ridge on the other side of the valley.  Sasha and the others immediately tensed up and raised themselves from their low crouches.  Drakus Windrunner held his hand low and glanced back once, giving them a quick nod.
Sasha lowered her head and uttered a silent prayer.  Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  Help me and my people drive these invaders from our land.  Make us into a snowstorm to blind them, make us into an avalanche to block their path, make us into the cold wind to freeze the blood in their veins.  And if I am chosen to walk the Halls of Ice with my ancestors, please grant me glory and victory in death.
It was almost time.  Sasha's heart pounded in her chest and the first worrisome whispers of fear began to creep into her mind.  She gripped her axes harder and braced herself.  This was the culmination of her entire lifetime of working and training.  It all led up to this moment.  Despite the fact that she was the daughter of Orden Snowfire, she would never have been allowed to take part in this battle if she wasn't prepared for it.  Her father had trained her himself, and she was eager to jump into battle and make him proud.
A low, trembling note from a horn reverberated down the valley.  Only the Aushar heard it, as their ears were attuned to the special sound.  The foreign Verdan soldiers were deaf to it and marched on unawares.  Immediately, Drakus jumped up and leaped across the top of the ridge, followed by four hundred screaming Aushar warriors, Sasha right in the middle of them.  They ran along the surface of the snow without making a single footprint, summoning a Charm to keep their feet from sinking, and rushed down the hillside like a huge pack of armed wolves.  From the opposite ridge came another rushing wave of Aushar warriors, brandishing swords and axes, bellowing war cries as their dark red hair waved behind them.
The Legion soldiers barely managed to form a defensive line before the Aushar warriors slammed into them from both sides.  Another horn blast echoed from the far end of the valley, and a rumble announced the arrival of the main force of over one-thousand Aushar warriors, running across the top of the snow with incredible speed.  At the head of the main force was Sasha's father, but Sasha didn't have time to look for him.
She leaped into the fray, swinging her axes sideways, left and right, bashing aside Legion longswords and jumping in to fight in close quarters.  She clenched her teeth and concentrated on the combat, letting her years of training take over.  Her axe blades whipped like a blur, slamming into Legion tower shields and slashing hard into exposed arms and chests.  Her opponents wore chain mail under their blue tunics, but even with that protection, Sasha felt the crunch of bones breaking under her axe blade when it struck home.  
Like most of the Aushar, Sasha wore no metal armor, but her hard leather jacket managed to deflect some of their clumsy counter strikes, and she could move faster than the Verdans, not encumbered by heavy chain mail or an unwieldy shield.  She twirled and danced through the mass of bodies, twisting and spinning to dodge outstretched swords, hacking and slashing as fast and hard as she could, relying on her speed to protect her.  Her wooden shield rattled and splinters of wood flew in all directions when a longsword struck it.
Blood spurted and sprayed, turning the white slush under their feet into a sickly pink slime.  Blood splattered the front of her jacket and a few stray drops dotted her cheek.  The entire column of soldiers was now a disorganized crowd of screaming warriors.  Cries of pain mingled with shouts of fury and her ears echoed with the sound of clashing swords and colliding shields.
There was no room to form a defensive front in the narrow valley, and when Orden Snowfire led his main force straight into the forward edge of the Legion columns, the Verdans became trapped in between the onslaught of the main army and the twin flanking attacks.  The rear of the columns tried to rush forward, but the snow and the backward movement of the troops under attack slowed their progress.
Sasha slammed her axe down, bashing away a Legion soldier's sword, and then swung hard with her other axe to strike him in the side of the head.  His helmet saved him from death, but the blow knocked him senseless, and he crumpled into the mud, leaving Sasha to run to face another soldier.
Drakus Windrunner was behind her, bellowing a war cry and hammering down with his two-sided battle axe.  Blood splashed up his arms, and his eyes were wild with the frenzy of combat.  He heaved his axe left and right, knocking Legion soldiers away as if they were nothing but straw dolls.
A Legion soldier ran at her, shouting curses, and swung down hard with his sword.  Sasha caught the descending blade with the hooked edge of her axe and deftly twisted it to the side, almost yanking the sword clear out of the soldier's hand.  She slammed down with her other axe, leaving the soldier no choice but to hide behind his shield, which dented and trembled with each blow.  Sasha slashed her axe at the soldier's hand, still clutching the handle of his sword, and cleaved right through his wrist.  He shrieked and swung his arm up, spurting blood, and Sasha twisted her axe again before cutting right into his throat.  He fell with blood gushing down his chest like a waterfall.
More soldiers pressed in, and Sasha backed up, raising her shield on her arm to defend against a Legion soldier carrying a mace.  The impact sent a shudder of pain all the way up to her shoulder.  She jumped back, regained her footing, and swung in.  The soldier blocked her first strike and then raised his shield to deflect her second swing, but she reacted instantly and swung low, her axe passing underneath the bottom edge of his shield, and cutting right through the side of his unprotected knee.  He cried out and lost his balance, and Sasha buried her other axe in his face.  His helmet went flying, and more blood spilled onto the ground.
The Verdan force surged forward, pushing the Aushar back, and Sasha found herself fighting side by side with the warriors from the main Aushar force, who successfully fought through the surrounded Verdans at the front of the column, leaving a pile of dead bodies in their bloody wake.  Sasha caught glimpses of the other commanders but couldn't see her father.  She didn't have time to focus on it, as the majority of the Legion force was still coming at them.
All they had done so far was even the odds.  They were still outnumbered more than two to one, but Sasha did not doubt for a moment the righteousness of their cause.  The Emperor King of Verdana would never rule Aushara. Sasha held faith that the Ice Warden would grant them the power to defeat these foreign invaders.
Just then, a wavering trumpet call drifted over the western ridge.  Sasha turned her head in confusion, because it was not an Aushar horn.  For a moment, it seemed like there was a sudden lull in the fighting as everyone turned to see something emerge from over a hillside far ahead of them.  A pair of blue and gold banners crested the hill, flapping in the breeze, followed by the thudding hooves of a line of horses, churning up the snow.
In horror, Sasha watched a stream of powerful Legion cavalry roar over the ridge and charge down into the valley to slam into the unprotected rear flank of the Aushar army.  She screamed and ran in that direction as the entire force broke apart all around her.  Men shouted and ran in all directions, their unified front against the Emperor's Legion shattered as the cavalry ran right through them like sharks through a school of fish.
There wasn't supposed to be any cavalry! Sasha's mind screamed in denial.  The scouts only reported foot soldiers!  Where in the name of the Warden did those damned cavalry come from?
The Legion soldiers recovered at the sight of their cavalry swarming into the valley, and renewed their attack with increased ferocity.  The Aushar found themselves trapped in between a force twice their size and an unexpected army of cavalry against which they had no defense.  The huge Verdan battle horses were armored and fearless, and they crashed right through the Aushar warriors without slowing down.  The riders chopped and slashed down with longswords and long axes, cutting the Aushar warriors down like a farmer cutting stalks of wheat.
The battle turned to a bloody rout as the Aushar were surrounded and cut down, or until they threw down their weapons and surrendered.  Some tried to escape the slaughter, but the Legion cavalry chased them down and killed them.  The valley floor became littered with the dead and dying, and this time Aushar bodies far outnumbered Verdan ones.
Sasha continued to fight as long as she was able.  She frantically looked around to see that most of her comrades were gone.  Drakus Windrunner, panting for breath and smeared with blood from head to foot, shouted defiantly and leaped into the wall of Legion soldiers, striking two down with his battle axe before he caught a blade in his side.  He staggered, desperately trying to stay on his feet, and swung his axe weakly once more before the soldiers rushed him and impaled him on their swords.
There was nowhere to run.  Legion soldiers surrounded her on all sides, and beyond them the cavalry was mopping up any Aushar that they could catch.  Sasha fell to her knees in defeat and tossed her axes away.  Her head slumped forward, her hair dangling over her face, and her arms fell to her sides.  She gasped for breath and closed her eyes, shaking her head, willing herself to believe that this was all some huge mistake.  The Ice Warden watched over them.  There as no way the Legion could defeat them.  But it only took one more glance around for her to realize that it was over.
Rough hands grabbed her and yanked her to her feet.  She fought the urge to resist them, knowing it was useless.  She kept her head down and didn't look at them.  The Legion soldiers mocked her and pushed her around briefly, and then they tied her hands tightly behind her back and marched her forward.  Sasha couldn't bear to look up to see what remained of her father's proud army, so she kept her head down and let herself be shoved and pushed until they told her to stop, and then someone shoved her so hard she fell to her knees again.
She heard a concerned voice whisper, "Sasha, are you okay?"
One of the people from her village knelt in the snow nearby.  A man named Wolan, one of her father's sworn swords.  Like her, his hands were bound and his face was bloody from a gash across his brow, the blood dripping from his chin.
Sasha nodded her head to acknowledge him, but said nothing.  Wolan shook his head defeatedly and said, "How did they bring horses behind us?  How could our scouts have missed them?"
All around, Sasha saw Aushar prisoners being brought to the area, which was guarded by more Legion soldiers who hadn't even participated in the battle.  Their armor was clean and shining, their swords unbloodied, and they glared down at the Aushar prisoners with utter contempt.
"Where's Stoneward?" one of the Aushar prisoners said bitterly.  "I thought his men were going to come across to attack the rear flank.  Where are they?"
"Dead, probably," someone replied.  "Or maybe they ran off.  Who cares?  They can't help us now anyway."
"What's gonna happen now?"
"They'll execute all of us."
"No, they'll throw us in prison.  They can't just kill us in cold blood."
"They killed Larris in cold blood!  He tried to surrender and they cut him down!" someone snapped before falling into uncontrollable sobs.
"Sasha?" Wolan asked.  "What do you think they'll do with us now?"
Sasha shook her head.  Why are they asking me?  
"I don't know," she said wearily.  "They might throw some of us in prison or send us to a slave colony or kill us.  I don't know."
"Where's Orden?"
"I haven't seen him.  I don't know."
One of the others said, "You're Orden's daughter?  I heard his daughter was fighting with us, but I thought you were older."
"They probably got something else in mind for you," someone else said.
Sasha glared at him and he went quiet, and for a little while no one spoke.  A few more prisoners were dropped off until there were about forty of them sitting around.  The only one that Sasha knew personally was Wolan.  She hoped that there were other prisoners being taken elsewhere, and that this small group was not all that remained of her father's army.  
All around them, the Legion soldiers milled about, with nothing to do now that the short battle was over.  Some of them were ordered to guard the prisoners, but the majority of them just stood around, waiting for their commanders to tell them what to do.  The wounded were helped up and given medical attention, the dead were laid out in solemn rows.
A few men took the time to spit abuse at Sasha and the others, but for the most part they were left alone.  The cavalry trotted up and down the valley, waving their banners victoriously, as if practicing for their victory parade.
A newcomer was dumped into their group, an older man with a pinched face and wisps of gray in his red beard.  A long, gnarled scar ran down one side of his face, a memento from a battle in his youth, which ended in a little stump where his left ear should have been.  He fell to his knees and grunted in pain, and spat a mouthful of blood at the Verdan who pushed him down.  For his trouble, he was punched in the back of the head and knocked sideways into the snow.  
"One-Ear," Sasha gasped, her heart sinking.  "They captured you too?"
Uvane Cragwind, known as One-Ear among his friends and fellow warriors, served as one of Orden Snowfire's most trusted commanders.  He sat up with a groan, shaking his head to clear it, and spat more blood.  "Not by my own choice, girl.  I tried to make the bastards kill me, but they had orders to take us alive," he grumbled.
Sasha could not bring herself to ask, but Wolan spoke for her.  "Where's Orden?  Have they taken him?" he asked.
One-Ear nodded with a grimace.  "Yes, they took him.  He must have killed twenty men before they finally dragged him down.  They tied him with chains to keep him under control."
He looked at Sasha and his eyes softened just a little bit.  "I'm sorry, girl.  A long time ago, I gave your father an oath to protect him until death.  Looks like I failed to keep it."
"I failed too," Sasha whispered, looking away.
"Sasha," he said.
She looked back up, and One-Ear pursed his lips thoughtfully before he spoke.  "You're still young, and you have a long life ahead of you.  Don't throw it away for nothing."
"What else can I do?" she said weakly.
"Orden was proud to have you with us.  He was proud that you fought for him," One-Ear said.  "But he never wanted you to die for him."
"He's right," Wolan added solemnly.
Sasha had nothing to say to that, so she kept silent.  She tried to block out her surroundings and regain her composure.  They might have captured her, but they hadn't defeated her.  She shut her eyes tightly and clenched her teeth, trying to gain control of the whirlwind of emotions flowing through her.  Anger, fury, shame, humiliation, weakness, confusion, denial.  She fused them together into a glowing ember of pure will.  The effort left her breathless, and she felt so warm that she could feel sweat dripping down her back.  The snow underneath her legs had melted, soaking through the leather of her pants.
Suddenly, Legion soldiers surrounded them and ordered them to their feet.  The majority of the Legion would continue north toward White Flame, but a secondary force was ordered to escort the prisoners and transport the wounded to the Bay of Shards.  Sasha and the others were lashed together and forced to march single-file down the valley all the way to the Bay, with a pair of battle horses walking on either side to keep them in line, and several squads of troops in marching in front and behind.  Other groups of prisoners marched in separate lines, perhaps five different groups in all.  Maybe two hundred prisoners total.
The march back to the Bay took hours, and by the time they arrived, the sun was setting over the horizon.  The Legion did not allow them to stop and rest during the march, but the pace was slow enough that very few of the prisoners had any real difficulty.  Sasha was tired and hungry, and her arms were sore from being tied behind her back for so long, but other than her superficial injuries from the battle, she was no worse for wear.
Six war galleys rested in the Bay, their sleek gold lines glinting in the fading light, their bright blue sails and banners flapping idly.  On the rocky shore, several command tents had been erected, as well as a makeshift infirmary for wounded Verdans.  The sight of healers and physicians already treating the wounded momentarily confused her, adding to a growing suspicion in the back of her mind.
A long wooden platform had been built in advance, lined with bright torches that made the entire shoreline seem to glow orange.  The prisoners were herded in front of the platform and placed under guard.  Many of them were so tired from the long march that they immediately sat down or stretched out on the ground, and some of them began to mutter about if they were going to be fed or not.
Sasha remained standing and walked carefully to the edge of the area, but stayed well away from the armed men guarding them.  She looked out toward the galleys, and then shifted her gaze to the command tents set up along the shore.  The tents were arranged in a close semi-circle, with more Verdan troops standing at attention outside.  But they weren't standard Legion soldiers, that much Sasha could tell right away.  They bore the golden insignia and dark blue sash of the Emperor's High Guard.  The central command tent was marked with the star and ribbon for the Warlord General, the highest ranking commander in the Emperor's Legion, a man personally chosen by the King Emperor.
It was obvious now.  The surprise cavalry attack, the presence of the Warlord General, and the infirmary were all the evidence she needed to see.  But she needed to know for sure.  So she watched the command tents and waited.
Finally, the guards stood aside and the Verdan Warlord General emerged, his dark blue cape flapping behind him, his long white beard reaching almost down to his belt.  Olrian Helmbreaker, a man well known to the Aushar.  He said a few words to his men, but Sasha was too far away to hear anything.  Two more Legion officers followed him out, and then a fourth figure walked out of the tent, wearing a chain mail vest over a hard leather jacket.  He was tall and muscular, with a long red mustache that reached down to the sides of his chin, and long red hair that was tied behind him in a ponytail.
"Kashus," Sasha said through clenched teeth, her whole body trembling in anger.  
She strained at the bonds on her wrists, unconsciously stepping forward until she was almost upon the closest Verdan guard, who stuck one arm out to push her away and began to draw his sword with his other hand.  "You, stay back!" he snapped.
Sasha ignored him.  She screamed at the top of her lungs, "Kashus Stoneward!  You damned traitor!  Oath-breaker!  Betrayer!"
All around her, the Aushar prisoners jumped to their feet and rushed forward, raising their voices and shouting in surprise and anger.  The guards swarmed together and pushed them back, calling for help as the entire crowd seemed to surge forward.  A few of them were struck down and knocked to their feet.  More troops rushed forward to keep the screaming crowd at bay.
"Stoneward!  Oath-breaker!  Murderer!  Liar!" they screamed.
Kashus Stoneward, one of the Aushar commanders and one of Orden Snowfire's oldest allies, stood beside Helmbreaker and merely looked impassively at the crowd, his face unreadable.  He had been in command of the rear force that failed to materialize in the battle.  He was also in charge of the scouts on the western side of the valley, who should have seen the cavalry coming long before it arrived.  Kashus glanced briefly at the Warlord General, muttered something under his breath, and shook his head as he walked away.
"I'll kill you, traitor!" Sasha screamed, pushing against the Verdan guards.  Her words were lost among the combined shouts and cries of the people around her.  "How much gold did they give you to betray us?  You oath-breaker!  You bastard!  You're worthless!  You're nothing!" 
Finally, the guards managed to push the frenzied Aushar prisoners back, forced to draw their weapons and strike the prisoners with the pommels of their swords.  A dozen Aushar went down with broken noses and bloody foreheads, and the rest were threatened and forced back.  Sasha's eyes blazed and she struggled to break free, hoping for just one moment to choke the life out of the man who betrayed them.  One of the guards backhanded her, knocking her flat on her back, blood spilling down her chin from a split lip.
Olrian Helmbreaker walked up onto the wooden platform, bordered by his officers and the Emperor's High Guard.  He surveyed the crowd of prisoners, his hands on his hips.  Despite his long white beard, he was still a physically commanding figure, and his steady, ruthless gaze was enough to quiet down the crowd.
When he spoke, his voice seemed to carry across the entire bay, as if some Charm amplified his voice.  "People of Aushara," he said in a deep, imposing growl.  "Your King is dead.  Your Council of Chiefs is corrupt.  Your homeland is suffering, your people are suffering, and your own leaders have done nothing to relieve that pain."
The crowd was silent, and he went on.  "In his great wisdom and mercy,  Emperor King Thorun Riverstorm of Verdana has chosen to extend his hand in friendship.  We have come here to give you aid and council.  We have come to offer you security and peace, when your former King demonstrated nothing but his own greed and weakness.  Your own leaders have proved ineffective and incompetent.  Therefore, Emperor King Thorun Riverstorm has taken the responsibility of ruling your nation, and he has done so with the blessing of your own people."
There was grumbling and cursing from the crowd, but Sasha said nothing.  As much as she hated to admit it, very little of what Helmbreaker said was factually untrue.  The Aushar leaders failed them, that much was the truth.
"You have all chosen to go against the wishes of your own people and to wage an unjust rebellion against your lawful ruler.  I have just heard many of you call one of your own a traitor.  But you are the ones guilty of treason.  You are all guilty."
He waited while his guards came in to silence the few prisoners who shouted curses at this, but for the most part, the prisoners, Sasha included, remained silent at the accusations.  They all knew that fighting at this point was useless.  A few of them cryied softly to themselves, expecting the worst.  
"But Emperor King Thorun Riverstorm, in his mercy, has chosen to forgive you for these crimes," the Warlord General said.  "In his wisdom, he knows that you were misled into joining this rebellion.  He knows you were mistaken in your belief that we are your enemies.  And so you will be allowed to return to your homes.  You will be allowed to return to your families. All you have to do is take a vow that you will never again raise arms against the Emperor King of Verdana, and you shall be set free."
He turned and gestured casually down at the end of the platform, to a group of soldiers waiting there, and Sasha looked to see them guarding several other prisoners in chains.  Her blood froze and her breath caught in her chest as the prisoners were marched up onto the platform, heavy chains hanging from their wrists and ankles.  They were her father's men, his commanders, eleven in all.  The only one missing was the traitor Kashus Stoneward.
One-Ear was with them, in the back of the group.  Sasha had been so lost in her own thoughts during their long march, she didn't even know when they took him away from their group of prisoners.
The crowd was eerily silent, watching the men as they were lined up in a row, their chains clanking loudly.  They stood with their backs straight and faces proud, with fists clenched under the manacles on their wrists.  The torches around the platform flickered and sputtered as a bitterly cold wind began to blow in from the ocean.  Sasha barely noticed it, for all of her father's closest advisers were there, but her father was not.
 Olrian Helmbreaker regarded his prisoners and then turned back to the crowd, letting the ominous silence go on for a few more moments.  He said, "In is in my authority to pass judgment on the men you see before you.  They planned and plotted to instigate this doomed rebellion, so they are the ones who must face justice.  But I will follow the example of Emperor King Thorun Riverstorm, and I will show them mercy.  It is my decision to have them imprisoned for their crimes for the next twenty years."
Sasha pushed her way to the front of the crowd and watched as the Warlord General waved his hand and muttered to the soldiers, "Take them away.  And bring their leader out."
"No," Sasha whispered, her heart hammering in her chest.
Orden Snowfire came up onto the platform, flanked by the Emperor's High Guard, his wrists and ankles manacled like the others, the wavering torch light glinting off his mane of red hair.  He was burly and stocky as a bear, his face warped in a perpetual frown of disapproval, his full red beard stretching up his cheeks, leaving only the center of his face visible.  His breath billowed away in the cold air, and his intense red eyes scanned the crowd in front of him.  Eventually, he found Sasha standing there helplessly.  He lowered his head and then his eyes softened, and he just shook his head in apology.
The Warlord General drew his sword, and the sound of the steel sliding against his scabbard was like a knife in Sasha's heart.  She strained and pulled at her bindings with all her strength, and felt the thin rope begin to stretch and her hands nearly pull free.
"Orden Snowfire," Helmbreaker said loudly.  "You are guilty of conspiring to commit treason against the Emperor King.  You are guilty of raising an unlawful rebellion against the rightful ruler of the lands of Aushara.  You are responsible not only for the deaths of hundreds of honorable warriors of the Emperor's Legion, but for the deaths of thousands of your own people.  Do you have anything to say before I pass judgment upon you?"
Orden remained motionless, and when he spoke, his voice was like the crack of thunder in the middle of a storm.  "My fight for freedom will not end here!  The proud people of Aushara will never surrender to you!  We will fight for our freedom and independence until our last breath!"
Helmbreaker motioned to the soldiers, and they grabbed Orden and pushed him down to his knees.  "For your crimes, I sentence you to death," he said tonelessly as he strode forward.
With a pop, the rope around Sasha's wrists snapped, and her arms were free.  She bolted for the nearest guard and slammed both her hands right into his back, knocking him clear off his feet.  He hit the ground face first, stunning him, and Sasha reached down to fumble with the handle of his sword.
"No!" she screamed at the top of her lungs, yanking the blade free.  All around her, people instantly ran for cover.  After a moment of surprise, the other nearby guards finally reacted.  But Sasha's arms were too weak from being tied behind her back for so long, and she didn't have the strength to wield the sword properly.  She swung it down and the closest soldier managed to block it with his shield and throw her off balance.  He swung a punch with his other hand, striking her in the jaw, and her legs crumpled underneath her.
She was grabbed from behind, the sword wrenched out of her grasp.  She screamed and struggled, but they struck her again and threw her to the ground.  She cried out as one of them pressed his knee directly on her back, pinning her down.  "No!"  she cried desperately, as her arms were yanked back painfully and bound once more.
"No, please!" she cried, tears streaming down her face.  "Please, don't!"
 Olrian Helmbreaker looked down on her from the edge of the platform.  "Such a brave young girl," he said patronizingly.  "You must be his daughter.  I commend your loyalty to your father, but I cannot allow such brazen acts of disobedience to go unpunished."
Orden tried to jump up, but the soldiers held him down.  "Sasha!  Don't you dare touch her, you bastard!  She's no danger to you!"
"She's your child," Helmbreaker said simply.  "And she may try to raise another rebellion against us, to succeed where you have failed.  I cannot let her go free.  Perhaps it would be best if she was imprisoned as well.  Twenty years in a cell should do."
Sasha still thrashed and struggled, even though it was hopeless.  The guard kneeling on her back pushed her face against the rocky sand, scraping her cheek.  Tears blurred her vision, but she could glance up to see her father looking at her, his face twisted in sorrow.
"Dad!"  she sobbed.  "I'm sorry!"
"I love you, sweetheart," Orden whispered as the guards pushed his head down.
Helmbreaker walked up to him and raised his sword high into the air.  Sasha kicked and fought even harder, trying to break free, and finally the guard above her used the pommel of his sword to bash her across the back of her head.  As blackness closed in around her vision, the last thing she saw before she lost consciousness was Helmbreaker's sword slice down like a guillotine blade to take her father's head.
Chapter One
Dandrakan Prison

Sasha awoke to the sound of someone shouting.  She opened her eyes, looked up at the dark ceiling of her cell, and then closed her eyes once more.  The shouting continued, but it seemed like there was always someone shouting in the dungeons of Dandrakan, so she ignored it.  The guards shouted at each other, they shouted at the prisoners, and the prisoners shouted right back.  Without the shouting, she supposed the prison would be perpetually silent, which would have been even worse. 
Dandrakan was an island fortress in the middle of the Dragon's Mouth Sea that had long ago been converted into a Verdan prison.  It was situated on a small rocky island far from the mainland, and was the perfect place for the Emperor King of Verdana to hide away his most dangerous prisoners.  As the daughter of the infamous rebel Orden Snowfire, Sasha qualified for a tiny cell deep in the prison's dungeon.  As far as she knew, some of her father's commanders were imprisoned there too.
Her hand reached out and her fingers brushed against the uneven rock wall.  Scratched into the stone were faint lines that marked the length of her imprisonment.  At first, she tried keeping count of the days in her head, but soon that became unreliable as one day blended into the next.  Without sunlight, it was impossible to know when one day ended and the other began.  But every four tendays, or roughly ten times a year, the guards removed her from her cell to inspect and clean it, so she began counting the inspections and marking them on the wall.  
Her fingers ran along the marks, counting seventy-two of them etched into the wall.  She had done the math many times in her head.  Seventy-two marks, each mark equaled four tendays, so that was 288 tendays, or 2880 days total.
Ten marks equaled roughly one year.  Seventy-two marks.  More than seven years.
She rolled over on the stiff wooden pallet that served as her bed.  The cell contained nothing else except a filthy bucket for a chamber pot, which sat in the corner.  In the hallway beyond the bars of her cell, white stones were set into the wall.  They gave off a permanent white glow without flames or smoke, and it dimly illuminated her cell and the one across from hers, which was currently empty.
Her prison uniform was a dirty gray tunic that reached barely to her knees.  Her hair, once shoulder-length, reached almost to her waist.  Soon, she thought, it would fall below the hem of the tunic.
Twice a day, they served meals of watery stew or thick gruel.  It was just enough to keep her from starving to death, but she had grown thin and pale in seven years.  More importantly, she'd lost her muscle tone and much of her strength and stamina.  She doubted she could properly wield a war axe now even if she had one.
She rolled onto her back again and let out a long sigh.  More than seven years.  I'm twenty-six years old now.  My sentence isn't even half over.  By the time I'm set free from this place, I'll be too old to bear children.
If she ever returned to Aushara, she didn't know if she would even recognize it.  Most of the people she knew would be dead by then, and those who still lived would barely remember her.  If they remembered her father's rebellion, they would probably only speak of it in hushed whispers, like some kind of embarrassing secret.  Sasha couldn't even guess how much her homeland would change after twenty years of Verdan rule, and she didn't really want to.
She had thirteen more years to think about it.  And if she was concerned about Aushara turning into some foreign land she no longer recognized, she was even more preoccupied in how she might change in all that time.
I've already changed, she thought.  I'm not the same person they put in this cell.  That girl left a long time ago, and she won't be coming back.  I think she died the same day they killed my father.
More shouting echoed down from an upper level, and this time Sasha paid enough attention to listen to a few words.  " - only going to get worse!  We have to get them out!" one of the guards shouted, sounding angry.  Sasha recognized the voice as Captain Hawkmantle, one of the guard commanders who supervised when her cell was inspected.
"We should wait for Senley to get back," another guard insisted.  "I'm telling you, we don't have the authority to -"
"We can't just let them drown!" Hawkmantle shouted back.
That got Sasha's attention.  She sat up on her pallet and swung her legs down to the floor, and then immediately yanked her legs back up with a squeak of surprise.
The floor was covered in water and it was at least a few inches deep.  Sasha confusedly put her feet on the edge of the pallet as water dripped off her toes.  She leaned forward and saw that the hallway was flooded as well, and she could actually see ripples making their way down the corridor.  To her amazement, the water looked like it was getting deeper even as she watched.
She braced herself and set her feet on the floor.  The water went up to her ankles and it was chilly enough to make her shiver a bit.  She stepped over to the bars of her cell and looked into the corridor.  She could stick her head through the bars far enough to look almost all the way down to the doorway at the end, which led to a stairway leading up to the ground level of the prison.
The door was open, which surprised her, and she saw water splashing down the steps to flood into the hallway.  She stared at it in disbelief and then grabbed the bars tightly.
"Hey!" she shouted loudly.  "Hey!  What's going on up there?"
"Shut up, woman," one of the other prisoners grumbled from a nearby cell.
"Get up, you idiot!" Sasha ordered.  "The cells are flooding with water!"
"What are you talking about?" the prisoner muttered, and then she heard a splash of water from his cell and he gasped in surprise.  "Holy Lord!  What's happening?"
Sasha shouted again for the guards as the water crept slowly up to her shins.  By now, four other prisoners were shouting for help along with her, and she saw them sticking their arms through the bars of their cells.  More water splashed down the stairs in a constantly increasing flow, and the water level continued to rise.  Soon, the water was almost to her knees, and the bottom of her tunic was getting wet.
"Help us!" she screamed along with the others.  "Please!  Get us out of here!"
She heard a loud crash, and then a rush of water rushed down the stairs like a waterfall.  Two guards came running down the steps, their boots splashing in the flood, nearly losing their footing as the force of the oncoming water pushed against them.  One of them was Captain Hawkmantle, and he glanced across the cells, as if quickly taking an account of which prisoners were located there.  His blue and gold uniform was soaked completely through, and water dripped from his long blonde hair.  
"Help us!" Sasha cried desperately.
"Listen to me!" Hawkmantle bellowed over the cries of the other prisoners.  "Right now there's a hurricane blowing up there and we're stuck right in the middle of it!  The waves are crashing over the walls and we can't stop the water from flowing down here!"
"Then let us out!  You can't leave us down here!" a prisoner cried out.
"We're going to open your cells," Hawkmantle said evenly, handing a ring of keys to the other guard, who immediately went to start opening the nearest cell.  The water kept rising, and soon was past Sasha's knees and lapping at her thighs.
"But if any of you attempt anything," he threatened, "you will receive no mercy!  My men will cut you down if attempt to escape, so don't even try!  You can't escape the island anyway, and you'll surely drown if you try to swim in this hurricane!  So just do what we tell you and you won't have to drown down here!  Now let's go!"
They unlocked the cells one by one, directing the frantic prisoners up the stairs, where they had to push against the force of the water rushing down from above.  Some of them lost their footing and tumbled back down, splashing and coughing for breath.  All the while, the water continued to pour down the open stairway, and Sasha marveled at the impossible amount of water coming down every second.
She only had a vague understanding of what a hurricane was, and tried to imagine what a blizzard might be like if it was rain instead of snow.  All she knew was that it would only be a few minutes until this entire section of prison cells was completely filled with water.  Her cell was the very last one, and by the time Hawkmantle tried to open her cell door, the murky water was up to her chest and rising fast.  She tasted salt in the water when it splashed in her mouth.  It didn't feel too cold when it was only up to her ankles, but now that almost her whole body was submerged, she shivered and shook.  The water seemed to suck the heat right out of her body.
"Hurry!" she cried frantically, trying to shake the bars.
She tried to summon a Verdan Charm of warmth, but it was barely enough to keep the cold at bay for a few seconds.  The Verdan people had no use for warmth Charms like the Aushar did, and Sasha's Charms were already half as effective as a full-blood Verdan.  She longed to summon a more powerful Aushar Charm, but she was far too deep in Verdan land for her Aushar Charms to work.
The lock was already under water.  Hawkmantle fumbled with the keys before he managed to get it unlocked.  He swung the door open and Sasha wrapped her arms around him, terrified and sobbing.  "Thank you!  Oh, thank you!"
"Let's go!" he ordered, pushing her away.  "Come on, let's go!"
He grabbed her arm and dragged her as he waded down the corridor to the stairs.  Sasha tried to keep up with him, but the flooding was almost up to her neck, and she couldn't move quickly through such deep water.  She half-swam after him as they reached the stairs.
He pushed her up and she managed to grab hold of the railing bolted to the wall.  Without something to hold onto, she could never make it up the stairs.  As the water splashed down against her, she leaned into it and made it up one step at a time.  The Captain was directly behind her, bracing himself in case she lost her footing.  She held onto the railing fiercely and dragged herself upwards, the  water painfully pounding against her body, threatening to pull her down to her death.  
"Captain!" came a desperate voice above them.  "It's getting worse!"
"We're coming!" Hawkmantle shouted back.
The water poured over them like a deluge, drenching Sasha to the bone as she pulled herself up the last step.  Two more guards nervously waited for them halfway down the hall.  The water on this level was only about knee high, but that wouldn't last for long once the lower level filled completely.  The guards ran forward, sloshing through the water.  One of them grabbed Sasha's arm while the other helped Hawkmantle up to the top of the stairs.
"It's going to flood this level too!" one of them said.  "We have to get out!"
"Are all the prisoners out?" Hawkmantle snapped.
The guard looked stricken.  "Most of them, sir, but we couldn't release all the ones in section four.  The water was rising too fast.  I'm sorry, sir, but I think at least four or five of them are still in their cells," the guard said pathetically, looking helpless.
"Well, we can't help them now," Hawkmantle said bitterly.
Suddenly a rush of bubbles gurgled up from the lower level, and the water splashed at the top of the staircase, without anywhere else to go.  Sasha sickened at the realization that if the guards had come down to unlock their cells even a few minutes later, she might still be down there, left to drown in darkness.  She felt weak and exhausted from the journey up the stairs, but now that she was out of danger, she felt a surge of energy driven by panic.
Her thin tunic stuck to her body and her long hair was a wet clump that stuck to her back.  Her teeth chattered a bit from the cold, and she summoned another Charm for warmth, which made her feel slightly better now that she was no longer fully submerged.
She didn't know the layout of the prison, but she believed that most of the prison cells were on the second level down.  To her knowledge, this level had a few cells but also supply rooms and offices for the guard Captains.  Hawkmantle led them down the hallway, past empty rooms that were slowly filling with water.  Sheets of parchment, ink bottles, bits of wood, scraps of clothing, garbage, and other items floated on the surface as the current drew them down the hall in the other direction.  They splashed through water that steadily rose up to their thighs.
It was only now that Sasha heard the heavy booming of waves crashing against the walls of the fortress above them.  The crack and rumble of thunder seemed to shake the entire island, like a series of explosions very close by.  Again, terror gripped her and she desperately wished to be free of the place, out of fear the storm might send the entire prison crashing down around her.
They splashed down the hallway and arrived in a wide foyer, where prisoners and a few guards were nervously waiting for them.  Like her, the prisoners were dressed in dirty, threadbare tunics, and most of them had beards almost down to their chests.  Some of them gaped openly at Sasha, since her tunic clung tightly to her body, leaving little to the imagination.
The guards barely noticed her though, as their attention was on the freed prisoners gathered in the hall.  They were from another section of the prison, since Sasha didn't recognize any of them right away, even though a few had red hair, marking them as Aushar.  The guards had their swords drawn as a warning, but right now the prisoners were only concerned with making it to the surface without drowning.
"Are you sure about this?" one of the guards asked.
"It's too late to put them back in their cells," Hawkmantle reminded him.  "Now let's go before this whole place is under water."
They passed more empty offices and temporary cells on their way to the main stairway leading up to the surface.  The water was up to their waist now, but they slogged through until they reached stairs, which were guarded with a heavy metal gate that was already open.  Sasha didn't see any prisoners from her own section, so she assumed they were already waiting up above.
Water poured down the stairs, but not enough to impede their progress.  The guards' heavy booted feet splashed up the steps, while the prisoners' bare feet followed.  The other prisoners were as terrified and worried as she was, but they said nothing and simply followed the guards.  
They emerged into a wide lobby that looked ransacked.  The wooden window shutters were ripped off their hinges, letting harsh rain and wind blow through.  Beyond the windows, there was only dark gray nothingness.  The floor was covered in water and bits of broken furniture, papers, plants, and debris.  Several desks and numerous chairs were knocked over and lying scattered around the room.  The entire structure seemed to tremble and shake with the force of the pounding rain, and the howl of the wind was like a banshee screaming in their ears.  Far down to their left, water flooded in from another adjoining room.
"The other ones are gathered in the yard," one of the guards explained to Hawkmantle, with water dripping down his face.  "We don't know what else to do with them, sir.  All the workers are holed up in the sanctuary right now.  Most of the men are waiting in the armory."
"Who is keeping an eye on the prisoners?"
"Just a few men.  Where are they going to go in this storm?"
Hawkmantle wiped his face and brushed his dripping hair out of his eyes.  "Okay, fine.  Go and make sure the prisoners haven't been blown out to sea," he ordered one of his men.  "Tell Arbry and his squad to keep an eye on them, and then get yourselves to the armory and wait for me."
He turned to the other prisoners and snapped, "You'll be safe in the yard, but it won't be very enjoyable.  You'll be exposed to the rain and the wind, but you'll survive!  Now come with me!"
With a terrific crash, a wave struck the side of the fortress, as if the Ice Warden himself had struck the prison with his mighty hammer of ice.  Powerful sprays of sea water blasted through the broken windows.  Sasha and several others were knocked off their feet and slid into the wall as a wave of water rolled over them.  She came up coughing and sputtering, her hair matted across her face, and floundered as the water flowed away and drained down the stairs, almost pulling her with it.
"Come here, little girl," one of the prisoners said roughly, grabbing her arm.  Sasha panicked and tried to pull away, but then she stared up into the man's face and found it somehow familiar.  Her eyes widened in surprise as she saw that the man's left ear was missing.
"One-Ear?" she gasped.
"Quiet," he hissed.  "Just follow me."
"Don't just stand there!  Let's go!" Hawkmantle bellowed.
The other prisoners rushed to the doorway and stopped to brace themselves, raising their hands to shield their eyes from the rain.  Beyond the door, the entire world was a churning mass of terrifying elemental fury.  The sky was black and gray and flickered with streaks of lightning.  The rain came at them sideways, hammering into their skin like stones, and the wind nearly blew them off their feet.  The fortress wall to their left faced the sea, and powerful waves pounded into it relentlessly, shooting sprays of water forty feet up into the air.
Dandrakan was situated on the very corner of the small island, with two outward walls directly facing the sea.  The area in front of them was an open yard turned half-swamp from the waves of sea water flooding in.  The yard lead to the main gates of the fortress, with a just few smaller buildings and structures within the walls.  The road from the gate led to a dock for incoming supply and prisoner ships, which was just a few minutes walk down to the shore.  There was nothing else on the island but trees and rocks.
Piled in a corner of the yard were some barrels and shattered crates, blown there by the wind.  In the opposite corner, facing the side of a supply shed for protection, were the rest of the prisoners.  Sasha was stunned to see so many.  There were more than one hundred of them, huddled and cowering on the muddy ground for safety against the wind.  But despite the raging storm, they appeared to be safe.  The water out in the yard was only a few inches deep, flowing like a river underneath the gate.  Only a handful of guards remained out in the storm to guard the gate and prevent the prisoners from attempting an escape, but they were relying mostly on the ferocity of the storm to hold the prisoners at bay.  Above them, the sky crackled and flashed with lightning.
Hawkmantle urged the prisoners out the door and they ran out into the rain, followed by the other guards and Hawkmantle himself.  Sasha and One-Ear lagged behind, just as another wave slammed into the wall and shot sprays of water inside.  Hawkmantle turned to shield his face from the spray, and One-Ear quickly reached down to grab a broken chair leg floating in the water at his feet.
He swung it up and struck Hawkmantle across the face.  The guard Captain tried to react, but was knocked senseless and fell flat on his back, splashing into the water.  Tossing the chair leg away, One-Ear grabbed the handle of Hawkmantle's sword and pulled it free of the scabbard. 
One of the guards looked over his shoulder and saw One-Ear stomp through the door with the sword in his hand.  The guard shouted over the howl of the storm, drawing his own sword and running towards them.
Immediately, the small group of prisoners saw their chance.  They jumped into action and quickly swarmed the two remaining guards, knocking them down and fighting them, as if the entire thing had been planned ahead of time.  Sasha realized belatedly that it probably had been.
A blinding bolt of lightning flashed across the dark gray sky, followed by a deafening crack of thunder.  One-Ear jumped at the oncoming guard, his matted red hair flapping in the wind.  They traded blows, the swords banging against each other, but the soldier lost his footing on the muddy ground and fell to one knee.  One-Ear swung upward and knocked the blade from the guard's hand, and it went flipping into the air to land in the mud a few spans away.
"Freedom!" one of the other prisoners cried ecstatically, raising a sword high into the air.  Beneath him lay an unconscious guard, the other guard soon to follow as the prisoners pummeled him relentlessly.
"Open the gates!  Freedom!" the prisoner shouted.
Across the yard, the rest of the prisoners saw what was happening and immediately began to riot.  They screamed and charged the few remaining guards at the gate, outnumbering them twenty to one.  The guards shouted for help and bravely tried to defend the gates, but soon realized it was hopeless.  They ran for cover as the prisoners overran the gate and began to raise the blocks holding the gate closed.  More flickers of lightning illuminated the sky, and the constant booming of the waves pounded the fortress walls like a war drum.
One-Ear laughed joyously, rain dripping down his face, and aimed his sword down at the helpless guard at his feet.  "Run for help, boy," he mocked.  "Maybe if you're lucky, you'll get out of this alive!"
Behind them, Captain Hawkmantle was stumbling to his feet.  He staggered out of the doorway, clutching his head, and began to comprehend what had happened.  For a brief moment, Sasha felt sorry for him.  He had saved their lives, and this is how they repaid him.
"Come on!" Sasha cried, grabbing One-Ear and pulling him away.  She started to run toward the gate, but One-Ear stopped her and pulled her in another direction.
"Not there!" he said.  "This way!"
They ran off to the right and skirted the outside of the main building, heading for a staircase leading up the side of the wall to the battlements above.  Sasha glanced over her shoulder and saw soldiers streaming from another outbuilding.  They charged into the group of prisoners as they managed to finally get the gate open.  A few prisoners squeezed through and ran for their lives, but the ones still inside were struck down by the guards without mercy, just as Hawkmantle promised.  Their blood streamed into the water, turning it red.
One-Ear climbed the steps and Sasha followed him, not knowing what else she could do.  "Where are we going?" she shouted.   "The gate's open, we can go that way!"
Rain made the steps slippery and the wind threatened to blow her right off, so she ducked low and ascended the steps on her hands and feet to keep from falling.  Two prisoners, both of them Verdan, escaped from the bloody slaughter in the yard and ran to the steps, following One-Ear and Sasha up.  Some of the guards noticed them and chased after them as well.
"If we tried the gate, we'd be dead by now!" One-Ear said as they reached the top of the stairs.  A wide walkway overlooked the yard, but there was no railing to hold onto, and the wall was spaced with large openings that at one time might have been lined with catapults or ballistas to defend the fortress from oncoming ships.  But now the walkway was empty, and they quickly ran to the next set of stairs that went all the way to the top of the wall.
A roaring wave slammed into the wall just as they reached the stairs, and Sasha held on for dear life to avoid being thrown off.  A torrent of water sprayed through the openings and one of the other prisoners lost his footing.  When the wave splashed across the walkway and receded, it pulled the prisoner along with it, and he slid across the walkway, screaming as he scrabbled to find purchase.  The surge pulled him right through one of the openings and he went over the edge, screaming as he went down into the churning water below.
One-Ear went up the steps and Sasha had no choice but to follow.  They made it to the top of the wall and Sasha went to the edge to stare out at the endless rolling sea beyond.  From here, the water looked as black as pitch, rolling and heaving in gigantic waves as lightning split the sky and reflected off its shimmering surface.  As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but churning waves and stormy sky.
"Come on!" One-Ear shouted.
"Where are we supposed to go!?" Sasha shouted back.  "This is crazy!  We can't escape in this storm!  We'll never make it!"
"We're sure as hell going to try!" One-Ear swore.  "This is the only chance we'll ever have, and I mean to take advantage of it!"
"Stop them!" someone yelled.  One of the guards made it to the top of the stairs and nervously balanced himself there as the wind threatened to knock him off.  His blonde hair stuck to the side of his face and rain water streamed off the front of his armor.
Sasha and One-Ear ran along the top of the wall, but there was nowhere for them to hide from either the guards or the elements.  Sasha went to the edge and began to climb up into an embrasure, thinking to leap from the wall into the ocean below, but One-Ear stopped her and pointed down to the other side.  "Over there!  It's safer on that side!"
Sasha looked down and realized what he meant.  The sea seemed to be moving in one direction, and this side of the fortress took the hardest impacts from the huge waves.  Jumping from there would be certain suicide, because the waves would take her and throw her right back into the rocks and the fortress wall.  The next corner would be marginally safer, because the waves might pull her alongside the island instead of slamming her right back into it.  Even that seemed incredibly dangerous, but dangerous was better than suicidal.
The guards finally found their courage and came after them, slowly advancing with their swords drawn.  "Stop!" one of them ordered.  "You have nowhere to go!  Drop your sword and give up!"
"Come and take it!" One-Ear spat.  "Or are you afraid of an old man and an unarmed woman?"
"Drop it or you're dead!" the guard threatened.
"I'm never going back in a cell," One-Ear promised.  "You'll have to kill me."
"No!" Sasha cried.  "Don't do this!"
The two guards shared a glance, and then both of them moved forward in unison.  Sasha wanted to just grab One-Ear and jump off the wall with him, but it was too late.  She was frozen in place against the edge of the wall, unable to do anything to stop them.  The rain slashed down like knives, the storm mirroring her whirling emotions.
One of the guards leaped forward, thrusting with his sword, and One-Ear expertly blocked it, twisting his sword sideways to slash across the guard's arm, nearly severing it at the elbow.  He spun around to block his other side, but he was too slow, and the other guard slipped in and jammed his blade deep into One-Ear's stomach.
Sasha screamed and fell to her knees.  One-Ear swung his sword clumsily as he fell to the side, but the tip of the blade caught the guard directly under the chin, slashing his throat.  He clapped his hand to his neck, blood spurting between his fingers, and stumbled backwards with a shocked expression on his face.  He fell to one knee and then collapsed, blood gushing down his chest and across the stone walkway, where the rain swept it away.  
The other guard staggered away, casting a terrified glance behind him as he gripped his useless arm and tried not to bleed to death.  He ran to the top of the wall and screamed for help.
One-Ear rolled onto his side and placed his hands across his bloody stomach.  Sasha knelt by him but there was nothing she could do.  She just looked down at him helplessly, the rain pouring over them, dripping off her face like tears.
"Go on," One-Ear whispered weakly.  "Save yourself if you can."
"I'm so sorry, this is my fault," Sasha said.  "You would have made it if I didn't slow you down.  I should have had a weapon, I should have ..."
One-Ear gave her a faint smile.  "I'm just an old man.  No one's going to grieve for me.  You're the important one, girl.  You can finish what Orden started."
"I can't," Sasha tried to say.  "I'm not like him."
"Return to Aushara," One-Ear whispered faintly, his body slumping down and going limp.  "Don't give up.  Free our people."  He closed his eyes and took one final breath, and then went still.
Sasha placed her hand on his chest and said a silent prayer, hoping that the Ice Warden would hear her when she was so far from Aushara.
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  Take this man to walk in the Halls of Ice with his ancestors.  He gave his life for his homeland and his people, and I owe him my freedom.  Please grant him peace in the afterlife.
Then she stood and walked over to the wall.  She climbed up into the embrasure and balanced herself, looking down into the swirling black maelstrom below.  The wind whipped her hair and the hem of her tunic.  Three more guards ran up the stairs and pointed at her, shouting something.
Lord of Ice, give me strength, she thought.  
And please let me survive the next few moments.
She took a deep breath and then hurled herself from the top of the wall.
Chapter Two
Into the Dragon's Mouth

Sasha struck the water feet first and plunged into the darkness, nearly blowing the air out of her lungs in a cry of shock.  But she kept her mouth closed and held her breath, forcing herself to remain calm.  She kicked upwards, utterly blind, until her head broke the surface of the water and she gasped for breath, feeling as if her body was sailing through the air.  Huge amorphous shapes surrounded her, rising and falling, hurling her body up and down.  Kicking her feet and awkwardly slapping at the waves, she splashed in the dark water and tried to get her bearings, or at least figure out which direction she was facing.
Another bolt of lightning flashed across the sky, illuminating the huge shape of Dandrakan Prison looming over her.  She frantically thrashed in the rolling waves, feeling as if the force of water was going to smash her right against the jutting rocks.
She tried to swim, but couldn't tell if she was getting anywhere.  The waves swelled and dropped and pushed her in whatever direction they wanted, and no movement she made could possibly overcome the incredible force of the sea.  So she gave up and tried to stay above water, kicking her legs and waving her arms to stay upright.  Waves repeatedly rushed over her head, pounding into her body and knocking her around, the water splashing in her face, making her cough and gag.  Panic began to set in as she struggled to keep her head above the surface.
She looked up again and saw the fortress moving to her left.  Water splashed high above her as it crashed against the walls, and she tensed up, feeling like she was going to be slammed into the base of the wall at any moment.
But it didn't happen.  The force of the waves gradually pulled her alongside the island, and she began to swim desperately, hoping she could somehow make it to the shore.  Her only hope of survival was to get to land again.  If she couldn't break free of the waves and was pulled into the open sea, she was sure to drown.  
She was in no condition to try to swim for more than a few more minutes.  Already, her whole body felt numb from the exertion and the cold, and before too long she'd be too tired to stay above the surface.  She tried to summon another Charm to warm herself, but she couldn't concentrate properly and it barely had any effect.
She swam as hard as she could, using the frequent lightning to light her way and stay on course, hoping the movement would bring some warmth to her arms and legs.  When she crested a wave, she managed to get a glimpse of the rocky shoreline not too far away.  The fortress was now far to her left, and the island's uneven shoreline stretched out in front of her.  Trees just on the other side of the beach shook madly in the wind as she continued to swim, the effort using up what little energy she had left.  But she knew this was her last chance.  If she failed to reach the shore, she was going to drown.
Suddenly she felt herself lifted up and then the massive wave surged up over the rocks and struck the muddy soil farther back from the shore with a tremendous splash, taking Sasha along with it.  She hit the ground and the force of the water pushed her back, sliding and tumbling her along the  ground.  She weakly grabbed at the ground underneath her, trying to find anything to hold onto, as the wave receded back and almost pulled her back with it.  Digging her hands and feet into the mud, she managed to keep from getting sucked back out to sea.
She coughed and spat out sea water, and then got onto her hands and knees to crawl to a nearby tree.  Wrapping her arms around the slim trunk, she cried out as another huge wave crashed down and a flood of water swept past her.  After it receded, she pulled herself up, still hugging the tree trunk, and looked around dizzily.  She was completely exhausted, but somehow she was alive.
She didn't spend too long marveling over that fact.  Stumbling away from the shore, her legs wobbling underneath her, she ran beyond the reach of the waves so she could catch her breath.  When her breath came easier and her heart slowed back to normal, she focused and tried once more to bring some warmth into her freezing limbs.  The trees rattled around her, the rain still pounding down and the wind howling.
The fortress was up ahead, but no one was around.  Some other prisoners managed to escape through the gate, but she didn't see them now.  They were probably still on the loose, which meant that there were probably guards out here as well.  One-Ear did not give his life just for her to be captured again, so she stayed low for a few minutes to make up her mind on what to do next.
How long would this storm last?  Sasha to make her move while the hurricane was still in full force.  As soon as the weather cleared, the guards would begin a sweep of the island.  She had to be long gone before that happened.  If she was lucky, they'd believe she drowned and wouldn't waste their time looking for her.
She hurried through the trees, her bare feet splashing through water and mud, the wind knocking her down several times .  When she reached the dock on the other side of the island, her heart sank.  There wasn't much of the dock left.  The waves had completely destroyed the small wooden platform on the beach, leaving smashed beams and boards of wood scattered everywhere.  Bits and pieces floated in the waves or lay on the muddy ground.  The shattered remains of a boat lay in pieces farther up the path to the fortress, thrown there by an enormous wave.
Another wave splashed over the remains of the dock, and a brief flash of lightning allowed Sasha to glimpse a shape bobbing wildly in the water.  Immediately, she sprinted across the beach.
It was a barrel floating in the water, probably knocked free from the wrecked boat when it was thrown against the shore.  They used barrels all the time on boats, for storing fresh water and food, and also as flotation devices.  Sasha splashed into the waves as the barrel began to slip away, and her hand fumbled upon a line of rope tied to it.  She frantically grabbed the rope and drew herself to the barrel as the waves receded, pulling her away from the shore.  Another floating piece of debris banged painfully against her leg but she ignored it, holding onto the rope for dear life.
The waves kept pushing her toward shore and pulling her back again, but eventually the island began to move farther and farther away as the rolling waves took her out to sea.  She gripped the edges of the barrel to stay above the surface, but other than that she let her body go limp, since she was too tired to swim anyway.  The frantic activity of the last few minutes caught up with her and she nearly passed out from the exertion.  She tied the line of rope around her arm just in case she lost her grip, but continued holding onto the barrel to keep safely above water.
She looked up into the roaring sky and prayed.  Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  I know I have asked you for so much, and I thank you for granting me this one final wish.  Please send your winds to take me to safety.  I am at the mercy of the sea, and I beg you to protect me and keep me safe and warm.  I am your loyal subject always.
She didn't know how long she rolled across the surface of the waves, but it felt like an eternity.  The sky trembled and stormed for hours.  She couldn't sleep, even though weariness pressed down upon her.  She nodded off a few times, only to wake up with her head below water.  She awoke gasping and choking, and the fear of drowning kept her awake until the next time she nodded off.  She lost her hold on the barrel a few times but the rope kept her from losing it for long.  Her limbs felt like dead weights, as if ice had replaced her blood, and she tried over and over to summon heat into her sluggish limbs.  All she could do was hold on and wait for the storm to pass.
Finally, hours later, the sea began to calm, the waves didn't swell and drop so dramatically, and the wind died down.  It was still pouring down rain, but that was the worst of it.  Sasha looked up into the dark sky and saw clouds, but there was no longer the constant lightning to illuminate her surroundings, and all she could see was shifting darkness.  She could make out the shape of the waves against the gray sky, but that was about it.  But she kept her eye out for any lights glowing on the horizon to signify land.  She managed to pull herself on top of the barrel and balance herself there, with her arms and legs dangling into the sea.
It was time to think about what she was going to do next.  She didn't know where she was going to arrive.  If she found herself on the northern shore of the Dragon's Mouth, she'd be stuck right in the middle of the most heavily populated area of Verdana, where cities lined the entire coastline.  She didn't even know how she would get to the shore without being seen.  But if the waves took her to the southern shore, she'd be near the Gray Sands, a sparsely-populated desert region that stretched all the way to Orthasa in the far south.  It would be far easier for her to sneak ashore without being spotted, but it would be harder for her to find food, water, and new clothing.  And those were just the necessities.
At some point she fell asleep again, slumped over the top of the barrel as it bobbed gently across the rocking waves.  When she awoke, the sky was beginning to glow a dim blueish gray, and she realized with a start that the sun was coming up.
She spent the entire night drifting in the sea.  She felt tired and sore and shivered with cold, and her throat was parched with thirst.  The cold water was an annoyance but no more than that.  Her Aushar heritage gave her enough protection from the cold that she had no fear of catching hypothermia.
She tried to sit upright on top of the barrel, but it kept rolling her off.  When she finally lifted herself up enough to get a good look around, she saw nothing but a gentle blue vastness in every direction, so she slid back down and waited.  There were no ships or boats anywhere in sight, which was a blessing.  If she was discovered, anyone would know right away that she was a prisoner from Dandrakan.  But she doubted any boats would be in a hurry to sail the Dragon's Mouth after the severity of the storm.
When the sun finally rose, the sky brightened to a clear blue and the sea began to shine and sparkle.  Sasha balanced herself on the barrel again and took a long look around in every direction.  Far ahead of her, she could just barely make out a strip of pale whiteness on the horizon.  She breathed a long sigh of relief.
She lowered herself back in to the water and slowly began to paddle with her legs.  It might take her all day, but she was going to get there.
Chapter Three
Across The Gray Sands

The Gray Sands stretched for a thousand leagues along the southern coast of the Dragon's Mouth, so named because of the chalky gray soil that covered the region.  When Sasha finally washed up on the beach, she staggered away from the barrel, her arms and legs weak and heavy, and collapsed onto the sand.  Fishing villages dotted the Gray Sands coast, but thankfully there were none within sight and the beach was completely deserted.  The sun was high overhead, beating down on her as she lay motionless, and the heat from the warm sand felt incredibly good on her skin.  Birds chirped and circled in the sky, and the wind sweeping down from the land in front of her smelled sweet and fresh.
She wanted to stay there and fall asleep, but she knew she had to find shelter.  At any moment, a fisherman or traveler might come along the beach and find her there, and she couldn't afford to be discovered just yet, not when she was still dressed in the rags of a Dandrakan prisoner.
So she very slowly made her way up the beach, crawling on her hands and knees.  The beach ended in a sloping white rock face that was cracked and split like dry leather.  She glimpsed the tops of trees swaying on the other side of the rock face.  She made it halfway to the edge of the beach when she stopped and took a few moments to catch her breath.  She ached for sleep, but first she needed nourishment and fresh water to drink.
She heard a strange noise off to her left and looked in that direction.  Her eyes were blurry and stinging from long exposure to the sea water, so it was hard to see.  There was a rocky overhang above a shallow cave mouth where water splashed in a grotto.  Standing at the edge of the grotto was a figure dressed in blue.
Sasha panicked and slumped over on her side, trying to scramble for cover, but she was right out in the open so the figure must have seen her.  She froze and stared at him for several moments before her vision cleared a bit and she realized in amazement that the figure was not wearing blue clothes.  In fact, he he wore no clothing at all.  His skin was blue.
He stood about four and a half feet tall, shorter than Sasha, so at first she thought he was a child, but she realized dimly that he was probably an adult.  His skin shimmered a pleasant shade of blue, and his wet hair was a greenish-blue color to match his turquoise eyes.  Sasha could not see them, but she knew that he had thin webbing in between his finger and toes, and other anatomical details that made him different from human beings.
He tilted his head, as if curious about Sasha, and then he casually walked off toward the water.  He seemed to blend into the water as soon as his foot touched the edge of the sea, and then he disappeared under the rolling waves.  There were no footprints in the sand to mark his passing, and Sasha wondered if the sun had addled her wits and she had just imagined the figure, but she knew she hadn't.
"Seafolk," she whispered to herself.  "I can't believe it ..."
Living alongside the human races of the world were other intelligent races of beings that shared the land with them.  Or just one different race, depending on which scholar you asked.  They were mysterious, magical creatures that were not fully understood.  They kept themselves hidden most of the time, rarely making themselves known to humans, preferring to observe from a distance.
In Aushara, they were known as the Icefolk, and they lived out in the frozen wastelands where even the Aushar people were reluctant to settle.  Their skin was dark blue, their hair and eyes black, and  they carried weapons made of ice.  They were the children of the Ice Warden, the secret protectors of the north lands, and the Aushar people treated them with a reverential respect bordering on religious worship.  Sasha had never seen one of the Icefolk with her own eyes, but she knew several people who claimed to have seen them.
In Verdana and along the coastlines of most of the south, they were known as the Seafolk, and they slipped in and out of the sea as if their bodies were formed from the water itself.  They dwelled deep under the surface and rarely came up on land.  Exactly how the Seafolk lived was a mystery to even the most learned scholar.
In other nations of Evios, the Folk races were known as Treefolk, Stonefolk, Sandfolk, or Mudfolk, depending on which nation they dwelled in.  Their bodies always matched their environments in magical ways, and they seemed able to simply disappear whenever they wanted.  As far as Sasha knew, no one had ever gotten near enough to one of the Folk to study them up close or even speak to one of them.  It was unknown of the Folk had a spoken language at all.
And now Sasha saw one on the shore of the Dragon's Mouth, of all places.  She still couldn't believe it.  Did the Seafolk person witness her final swim to the shore and simply come to investigate?  Or was the presence of one of the Folk meant to be a sign from the Ice Warden?
Several minutes later, once the shock of their meeting had passed, she gathered her wits and continued up the beach.  The rocks left a fine white gray that stuck to her wet skin.  In a shallow crevice there was a puddle of clear water, and Sasha tested it cautiously before determining it was rain collected from the storm the night before.  She sucked down a few mouthfuls, ignoring the slightly chalky taste.
She gradually made her way up the difficult incline and found herself looking out on a wide expanse of low bushes and some scattered trees in the middle of an otherwise featureless plain.  The trees were stubby and only twice as tall as Sasha was, but she immediately noticed that a few branches sported little orange-colored fruits.  More of them littered the ground underneath the tree, knocked loose from the storm.
The fruit tasted bland and was filled with seeds that Sasha spit out, but it was juicy and there were enough of them left on the tree for Sasha to eat until her stomach felt full.  She found a nice resting place underneath the shade of a bush, and she swept any loose stones away before lying down and closing her eyes to rest.  The bush filtered out some of the light to prevent her from getting a sunburn, but it was still enough to thoroughly warm her skin, and she feel asleep almost immediately.
When she awoke, the sky was dark and the sun was setting.  She rolled over and stiffly sat up, her skin itching.  Her hair was dry but the sea water left it feeling hard and scratchy.  On top of that, her muscles were sore and aching, especially her thighs from paddling in the water, and her hands and forearms from gripping the barrel all night long.
She considered lying back down and getting some more rest, but she didn't want to stay in one spot for too long.  Traveling by night made the most sense.  There was no more fruit left on the tree and nothing to drink, but she felt rested and good enough to start walking.
However, traveling was not as easy as she hoped.  Jagged stones and sharp, thorny branches littered the ground everywhere.  Once the sun went down, it became impossible to see where she was walking, and she jabbed the bottom of her feet on the loose stones and stubbed her toes on rocks several times before she learned how to walk more carefully.  She wanted to travel with a sense of speed and urgency, but she was forced to move along at a painfully slow pace.
Before her imprisonment, the closest she had ever been to Verdana was when she visited a traveling merchant caravan on the Sanshos Road when she was still a child.  It was her very first trip south of Glacier's Edge, and the first time she experienced the temperate climate of Verdana and the southern regions.  But other than that one visit south, she had spent the rest of her life in the heart of Aushara, always surrounded by snow and ice.
So she was not accustomed to the warm weather here, and all sorts of little things surprised and bothered her as she walked.  Insects, for example, were everywhere.  She kept flinching in surprise every time a flying bug drifted into her vision.  All around, there was the incessant clicking and chattering of bugs, and a few times one of them landed on her bare arm and she slapped at it in disgust.  She encountered little lights glittering in the air and was amazed to discover that they were another type of insect that could glow in the dark.
Lack of water was another thing that worried her.  It was true that surviving out in the frozen lands of Aushara was a challenge, but at least there was always water.  Any time she was thirsty, all she needed to do was scoop some snow into her mouth.  But here, there was no easy water to find.  She didn't even know how the locals found water out here in the wilderness, unless there was a stream or river nearby.  She hoped to find another puddle of clean rain water, but it looked like they all had evaporated during the day.  She supposed that the Verdan people possessed a Charm that allowed them to collect moisture, but she had no idea how to summon such a Charm.
Suddenly, Sasha stopped when she saw a flickering yellow light in the distance.  It was a camp fire, she was sure of it.  And where there was a camp fire, there must be people.
She carefully made her way around the scattered bushes and stepped very gingerly to avoid making any noise or hurting her feet again.  The fire was placed near an outcropping of rock and some other boulders.  When she came closer, the light from the camp fire revealed three figures sitting around it.  She caught the faint scent of cooking meat and it made her stomach rumble and mouth water.
The three men were dressed in faded leathers, and they all carried swords at their hips.  One of them was wearing chain mail that looked old and rusted.  None of them had shaved recently.  They were obviously bandits or highwaymen, even a fool could see that.  The position of their camp fire, hidden as it was behind the rocky outcropping, made it hard to see from the south, so only someone walking in between their camp and the shoreline could spot it.
Sasha crept closer, making as little sound as possible, and crouched down behind some more bushes.  Summoning a Charm to increase her hearing, she was just able to make out what the men were saying.  They spoke in a fast lowland Verdan dialect, but Sasha understood them well enough.
"We can't hit the merchant wagons with just three of us," one of them grumbled as he poked the fire with a stick.  "And I ain't one for hitting lone travelers for a few vandas."
"We heard you," another snapped.  "You can just stay here then."
The one in the chain mail slouched against the rock with his hands in his lap.  Sasha guessed he was the one in charge.  "Give it another day, Renny.  If Dango and the others don't show up, then we'll head to Olvertus and see if we can't meet up with a few new stragglers.  No shortage of men looking for work, especially now."
"They ain't gonna show up," the one named Renny said.  "Else they'd be here by now.  They got hit in that storm, I tell you.  They're probably feeding fish at the bottom of the Mouth.  Shame too, they were good boys."
"You don't know that.  Stop putting a damned curse on them," said the other man.  His long blonde hair was tied into a messy braid that hung over his shoulder.
"Give it a rest," the leader said firmly.  "Maybe they had to land somewhere else and wait out the storm.  Maybe the boat got damaged.  We'll give them another day.  We're not in any hurry.  We can last a more few days."
Sasha watched the one in the braid tear a piece of meat off the animal cooking over their fire and stuff it into his mouth.  "I'm telling you, we got to hit them while we still can.  Those spice merchants and gem traders ain't coming to Arlora like they used to.  They all got cold feet and ran out of town as soon as the trade at the King's Market dried up.  We got to hit the wagons, cause we don't know when we might see another."
"And I told you," Renny said, shaking his head, "that we can't hit a merchant wagon with just the three of us.  They ain't stupid, they got bodyguards.  They ain't taking no chances now."
"He's right," the leader said, faintly scratching his unshaven cheek.  "Like I said, there's no shortage of men looking for work.  It's bad for business, really.  It means more competition and it means the merchants are going to double their protection.  Everyone's on edge since the Mourning, and the damned Council hasn't even picked the new King yet.  You think that doesn't make those Morend merchant lords nervous?  No King means no Law, and no Law means more men like us taking aim at their investments."
The man in the braid said something else, but Sasha didn't hear him.  The leader's words echoed in her head and left her breathless.
Thorun Riverstorm is dead?  Their King is dead?  The news hit her like a slap in the face, and she almost couldn't believe it.  Thorun Riverstorm is dead! she thought joyously.  That means ?
Honestly, she didn't know exactly what it meant.  The intricacies of Verdan politics and government escaped her, but if Verdana was without a ruler, then that could only mean good things for Aushara.  Political instability led to rebellion.  If she could make her way to Aushara, then maybe she could help sow the seeds of revolt, like One-Ear spent his last breath asking of her.  Suddenly, she felt overwhelmed by the news of Riverstorm's death, and could only hope that he met his demise at the end of a sword, although that was sadly unlikely.
"You hear that?" Renny said, standing up quickly, his hand flashing to his sword.
The others jumped to their feet and stared out into the darkness.  Sasha went completely still as the three men scanned the darkness.  They were almost certainly using Charms to enhance their hearing, just as she was, so she held her breath and hoped their Charms weren't powerful enough to hear her heart beating.
"There," the leader said, pointing far off to Sasha's right.  "Just an animal."
"Yeah, I hear it now," the braided man said.  "Good ears, Renny."
Renny scoffed as he sat back down.  "I can hear a tick fart a hundred feet away," he said, causing the other two to break into loud laughter.
Sasha hoped they would keep talking about the King and what happened to him, but instead, their conversation drifted into humorous boasts and jokes.  They told stories about their various criminal activities: the adventures they went on, the wealthy noblemen they robbed, the men they killed, and the women they bedded.  Sasha supposed that men always discussed such things when no women were around, and she could tell that they had told each other the same stories many times.  During the course of their storytelling, she learned the leader's name was Bardon, and the one with the braid was named Kelwith.
Lying on her back, she rested her hands behind her head and stared up at the sky, listening to their stories.  For just a few moments, she tried to imagine that she was back in her home village, listening to her father talk late into the night with his closest allies as they shared stories and tales over mugs of spiced mead.  She must have heard those stories a dozen times each.  
Orden Snowfire had worked as a fur trader, a smuggler, a mountain tracker, and a mercenary before Sasha was even born, and he had no shortage of entertaining stories to tell about his adventuring years.  Not long after Sasha came into the world, he gave up his life of adventure to be a father, and later, a freedom fighter.  She remembered him simply as her father, but he had been much more than that, really.  He'd been her trainer and her teacher, as well as her role model and finally, her leader.
But he was gone, and Sasha had no family left.  Not for the first time, she wondered exactly what she intended to do when she returned to Aushara.
She wanted to fulfill One-Ear's dying wish, she wanted to see Aushar people set free from the control of a Verdan King, and she wanted to honor her father's memory.  But those were lofty goals, the kind that took ambition and dedication to achieve.  Her father had that kind of dedication, that singularity of purpose, but Sasha didn't.  She wasn't a leader, she knew that.  She fought her father's war because she longed for the day when they didn't have to fight any more.  Her father's death, and the end of his rebellion, had been that day.
She spent her youth training to be a soldier, and then spent the prime years of her adulthood in a dank prison cell.  Now she was twenty-six years old, and all she really wanted was to go home and enjoy real freedom for the first time in her life.  She did her part and she paid the price for it.  Now it was someone else's turn to fight for their people.
She surrendered her teenage years in order to fight with her father, and then lost too many years wasting away in Dandrakan.  So she was not inclined to abandon what years she had left going off on another quest to make war.  As much as she wanted to fulfill One-Ear's dying wish, she knew that she wasn't the person her father was.
Deep down, all she wanted was peace.  She wanted to fall in love.  Build a home.  Raise children.  The kind of life that almost everyone else got to have.  The kind of life she might already have if she hadn't so foolishly tried to rescue her father at the last moment.
She didn't regret her actions that day, but the moment haunted her sometimes.  Had she remained silent during the execution, she could have gone free with the other prisoners.  But she couldn't just sit there and watch him die, so she made a pathetic attempt to fight her way out and save him, and it cost her seven years of her life.  In those miserable tendays immediately after she was imprisoned, she wished that Helmbreaker had just executed her rather than let her live with the memory of her failure and her father's final moments.
But now she was free.  Somehow, the Ice Warden was watching over her, and now she prayed to him and thanked him for his help once again.  She had to believe that the Warden had given her the strength to make it this far.
Not long after the criminals around the camp fire went to sleep for the night, Sasha drifted off to sleep herself.
Chapter Four
Sasha, Age 10

Sasha ran across the snow-covered field, kicking up snow from her heels.  Two other children, boys from the village named Kovan and Harlan, chased after her, scooping snow into their hands as they ran and packing it into balls to hurl at her.  Kovan tripped and feel face first into the snow, then stumbled to his feet and continued after her.
The village was settled in a shallow valley far from any landmarks, with nothing but rolling white hills in every direction.  A traveler unfamiliar with the area could have walked straight on through and barely even noticed the village was there if they didn't approach it directly from the valley.  The homes were dug into the ground, and the roofs only sat about three feet above the surface of the snow.  If it wasn't for the drifting smoke coming up from half a dozen chimneys, it would have been nearly invisible to anyone standing even one hill over.
But Sasha knew the area well, and each hill, each dip, each drift of snow was unique and easily identifiable.  She zipped down the next hill, summoning her Charm to run along the surface of the snow, but she wasn't very good at it yet, and her feet sunk into the snow if she didn't concentrate fully on the Charm.  In time, it would come more naturally.  Letting the two boys chase after her gave her plenty of reason to practice.
Two more snowballs sailed over her shoulder, followed by shouts and curses.  "You can't run from us forever, stupid girl!  We're gonna bury you and no one will ever find you!"
"You'll have to catch me first!" she cried back, skipping over a section of snow that she knew concealed a low creek.  A few dead plant stalks came through the surface of the snow like markers, and her feet danced over the surface.
When Kovan reached the spot, he crashed through the snow and shouted in surprise when he fell into water up to his shins, immediately soaking through his fur boots.  Harlan, the smart one, used his Charm as well to run across the surface, leaving Kovan behind.  Like all Aushar boys, they had unruly red hair and bright brown eyes, with freckles scattered across their cheeks.  And like all Aushar boys, they enjoyed chasing after girls.  That usually meant Sasha, who just happened to be the only Aushar girl in the village that was their age.
"Wait for me!" Kovan cried, splashing out of the creek.
But Harlan had nearly caught up to her, and she glanced over her shoulder to see him reaching for her, his hair flapping behind him.  She panicked for a moment and lost her concentration, sending her foot sinking through the snow.  She shrieked and flopped forward, rolling onto her back as Harlan crashed down on top of her.
Harlan laughed victoriously and shoveled snow over Sasha's face.  "Got you now, stupid!  You know I'm faster than you!"
Sasha slapped at him and knocked him sideways, her face red from the cold and the snow dripping from her chin.  She pushed snow right back in his face.  "How do you like it?  I can beat you in a race with both my legs tied together!"
Kovan came barreling toward her, arms outstretched.  She jumped up to dodge, but he tackled her and the two of them went tumbling down the hill with a spray of snow.  When they came to rest, the snow covered them like a miniature avalanche, and Sasha was momentarily blinded by snow packed across her face, unsure which way was up.  She fumbled about, the thrill of fear running through her veins.  Finally, she burst up through the surface, and Kovan appeared beside her, his eyes wide in surprise and excitement.
"Wow!" he blurted out, his wet hair stuck to his face.  "That was crazy!"
"Are you guys okay?" Harlan said as he came down after them.
"Yeah," Sasha laughed.  She immediately crawled free of the snow and took off toward the village, as Harlan helped pull Kovan free.
"Hey!" he shouted.  "Come back here!  I got you!"
"No, you didn't!"
"Yes, I did!  I totally caught you!"
"And then you let me get away again!"
Sasha ran up over the next low hill, gasping for breath and unable to keep her feet from stomping down through the snow.  She knew that the adults, like her father, could summon their Charm and it would last for several minutes without them having to constantly think about it, but Sasha couldn't summon Charms as effectively as they could and it frustrated her.  Even her Charms for getting warm and blocking the wind seemed weak and useless.  When her father used his warmth Charm, the heat seemed to radiate from him, and when he embraced Sasha it was like she was stepping into a huge oven.  With practice, her own Charms would be that powerful one day.
Old man Dosko stood out at the front of the village, the pipe in his mouth puffing out smoke.  His hair was mostly gray with only a few streaks of the dark red it used to be.  Most of his teeth were gone and one of his eyes was a cloudy white, but the other eye burned a fiery red.
"Watch out, little girl," he said in a grumbling voice.  "Snowstorm coming.  Just you wait and see."
Sasha had successfully left her pursuers behind, so she stopped in front of him and waited a few moments to catch her breath.  "How can you tell?" she asked, turning to look out towards the southern sky.  It seemed clear and calm to her.
"I can feel it in the air," Dosko said with a knowing nod, puffing on his pipe.  "Air's not as dry now, like it was this morning.  They'll be a storm all right."
"Do you use a Charm to know things like that?"
Dosko chuckled and removed his pipe from his mouth as he looked down at her.  "No, child, just wisdom and experience."
She heard Kovan and Harlan shouting after her.  "Sorry, gotta go," she said quickly and then ran off into the village.
It was mid-afternoon, so the village wasn't busy like in the mornings and around supper time.  Some of the adults were indoors, taking a midday nap, but she saw a few walking around, doing odd jobs.  They watched Sasha run past and merely shook their heads in concern the way that adults always do when faced with a rambunctious child.
Some sled dogs barked at her as she ran past, wagging their tails and pawing at the snow.  If they weren't kept in their pen they would have chased after her, which would have been fun.  All the dogs in the village were trained to pull sleds, and Sasha liked to stick her hands through the fence and let the dogs sniff and lick her hands. She'd even gotten to ride on a sled a few times, although they were normally kept for traveling from one village to another, and Sasha had never actually been to another village yet.
She ducked under wooden racks lined with furs and passed a pair of gutted deer hanging from a low beam.  Some of the men in the village were seated around a table, cleaning their tools and gossiping.  Two older boys were there as well, trying to fit in with the adults.  Sasha ran by them and hopped over a chicken fence, then skirted a few houses on her way to her father's place.
Suddenly, Kovan appeared out from behind one of the houses and blocked her path with a fierce grin on his face.  Somehow, he took a shortcut around the back of the village and cut her off.
"Got you now!" he laughed.
Sasha skidded to a halt and turned to run the other way, but then she was knocked off her feet once more as Harlan grabbed her.  They went rolling wildly across the ground, arms and legs flailing and kicking up snow.
Harlan wound up on top of her.  "I got you, girl!  Got you fair and square!"
"Get off me, you stupid troll!"
"Not a chance!  I caught you, now you owe me a kiss!"
"I'm not gonna kiss an ugly boy like you!" Sasha laughed.
Kovan was on the ground with laughter, but then he suddenly jumped up and pointed behind them.  "Harlan!  Your mom is coming!"
Harlan crawled off of Sasha and she scrambled away.  As they both got to their feet, a woman came storming over to them, her face round and chubby to match her belly, her red hair tied into an unattractive bun on the top of her head.  Her red eyes blazed as she reached out to grab Harlan's arm.
"You come here!" she snapped.  "I told you to knock off the running and playing around!  You have chores to do, now get to them!"
"But, mom," Harlan started to say.
"Shut up and get going!" she bellowed, giving him a hard swat on the backside.  He cried out and ran off, looking over his shoulder with a grimace on his face.  His eyes met Sasha's and he merely glared in anger, although it wasn't her fault his mother was such a beast.
"And you two!" his mother snarled.  "Don't you have anything better to do than play around like a couple of little brats!  I told you to leave her alone!" she barked at Kovan, who took the hint and ran off to go and hide.
Sasha put her hands on her hips and stood in place, staring right up at Harlan's mother and daring her to say something.  The woman was nothing but a snowbride and everyone knew it.  Sasha didn't even know her name.  As mean and ugly as she was, it was no surprise that Harlan's father chose to spend most of his time out in the wild, hunting and trapping.
"Get out of here, you little brat," the woman said, shaking a fist at her.  "You're nothing but a nuisance, getting into trouble with the boys all the time.  I don't know why anyone puts up with your kind here.  Now get!"
"You can't boss me around," Sasha said defiantly.  "You're not my mother."
"You don't have a mother!" the woman spat.  "She's dead, and it's a shame that the Warden didn't take you along with her!"
"Go freeze to death, you old hag!" Sasha screamed.
When the woman reached to grab her, Sasha turned and ran.  She darted in between two homes and jumped over some benches as Harlan's mother shouted obscenities and chased after her, shouting that she was going to give her a beating.  Sasha hurried to her own home at the far end of the village and nearly ran right into her father, who stood out in front of the door as if he'd been waiting for her to arrive.
Orden Snowfire wore a thick black coat, making him look even more like a bear than usual.  His full red beard had specks of snow in it, and his intense red eyes peered out from under heavy brows.  Sasha slipped around him to hide as Harlan's mother burst out and stopped in her tracks, glaring at Sasha and then up at her father, who stood patiently with his thick arms crossed over his chest.
Her father's voice was like the crack of a whip.  "Is there a problem here?"
"She was chasing me -" Sasha tried to say.
But the woman's harsh voice cut her off.  "That little brat of yours is nothing but trouble!  If you can't be bothered to keep her under control, then I'll do it myself!  She's a bad influence on my son and I don't want her around here!"
"Trouble?" Orden said calmly.  Somehow, his calm voice was more threatening than Harlan's mother's hysterics.  "Strange how you're the only one who feels that way.  Maybe your son's picking up a bad influence from someone else."
"How dare you!" she hissed through clenched teeth.  "They should never have let you bring her here.  She doesn't belong with our people, and you know it!  You should have left her out in the snow when she was a baby and let the wolves have her!"
"Watch your mouth," Orden said, his voice low.  His eyes seemed to glow red from the inside, and Harlan's mother took a step backward, her face momentarily going white with fear before she regained her composure.
Sasha's father didn't have to make a move, the edge on his words was a warning enough.  He stood completely still, Sasha crouched behind him.  When he continued, his voice was back to normal.  "You seem to forget that your husband swore his sword to me.  How do you think he would like it if he learned that you threatened my daughter?  You should think on that before you ever try to touch her again."
The woman gritted her teeth and summoned up the rest of her courage.  "You keep her away from my son!" she snapped, and then stalked off.
Sasha realized she'd been holding her breath.  She sat back in the snow and breathed heavily, her hands trembling.  But Orden merely turned to look down at her and then stuck a hand out for her to grab, and then pulled her to her feet.
"You shouldn't antagonize people like that," he said gently.  "She doesn't have any authority, but she has a loud voice, and sometimes the loudest people get what they want just because they're loud."
Sasha brushed snow off her pants.  "She's just a stupid snowbride anyway.  Harlan plays with me just so he can get away from her."
"No doubt," Orden said with a grin, his teeth poking out from the middle of his thick red beard.    "Come on inside.  Get out of those wet clothes and warm up.  I have some soup cooking so we can have supper."
"Okay, dad."
Orden pushed aside the thick fur hanging over the doorway, and Sasha stepped down into the house, breathing in the rich smell of spiced mead and the scent of soup bubbling over the fire.  She sat down on a stool to take off her boots as her father closed the door, letting the fur swing back in place over it.  He walked over to the fire and stirred the pot.
Their house was only two rooms, just the large living area and a small bedroom off to the side where Sasha slept.  Sasha knew her father was an important man in the village, so he could have requested a larger home if he wanted one.  But with just the two of them, the small home seemed to suit them just fine.  Orden could have been village Chief if he had desired the position, since most of the men in the village had sworn their swords to him and he was their leader in everything but name.  But his authority was not openly discussed, as if it was some kind of secret.
Orden sat down and sighed, setting his elbows on his knees and looking into the fire.  Sasha set her boots by the door and then took off her jacket and hung it up.  She walked over to the fire as well and sat down, brushing her hair out of her face and then putting her hands in her lap.
"Old man Dosko said it's going to snow tonight."
Orden nodded.  "He's probably right.  He has a feel for the weather."
She paused, and then said, "I'm sorry that I got Harlan's mother so mad at me."
"I know you are, sweetheart."
"But she's so mean all the time.  I don't understand why she acts that way.  She hates me for no reason at all.  When Harlan goes and plays with the others, everything's fine.  But if he plays with me then she yells and calls me a bad influence."
"I know," Orden said with a sigh.  "If it's any consolation, sweetheart, she likes me even less than she likes you.  She didn't want Gerral to join our cause, and she resents me for it."
Sasha stuck her feet out toward the fire to warm them up, wriggling her toes.  "I was practicing my Charms too," she said.  "I can run over the snow better."
"That's very good.  Can you start a fire on your own yet?"
"No," she said with a laugh.
Orden smiled as he stirred the pot.  "Just give it time.  You have to learn it, like any other skill, but it'll come naturally, in time."
He finally decided that the soup was ready, so he picked up the pot by the handle and carried it over to the table.  Sasha went to the table and held out their bowls to let her father pour out a ladle full into each one.  Then they sat down and said their thanks to the Ice Warden.
Sasha silently thought to herself, I offer my thanks to the Lord of Ice, the Great Warden of Snow who watches over us all.  My name is Sasha Snowfire and I want to thank you for all you have given me and all you have done for me and my father.  Someday I will be a warrior and I will fight in your name, thank you.
She looked up at her father, who merely smiled at her.  Their personal messages to the Ice Warden were never spoken out loud, as they were not for others to know.  Sasha knew that the people of Verdana spoke their prayers out loud and even congregated in a special building just to worship a different god, but she didn't understand why they did that.  Communicating with the Ice Warden was a personal thing.  Letting others hear what you said in those private moments somehow made it less meaningful.
The soup was still hot, so Sasha blew on it and let it sit for a few moments.  She rested her elbows on the table and propped up her chin with her hands.
"Dad?  There's something I want to know," she said quietly.
"What is it, sweetheart?"
Sasha looked down at the table, trying to decide how to ask.  She wasn't sure exactly what it was that she wanted to know.  "She said that I didn't belong here," she murmured, feeling uncomfortable as the words came out of her mouth.  "I don't understand what she meant.  And then she said something about my kind not being welcome.  What did she mean?"
Orden sighed heavily and set his spoon down, leaning back in his chair.  He reached up and rubbed his eyes.  "You don't have to worry about what she told you, sweetheart.  Nobody else feels that way."
"Is it ??"  Sasha cleared her throat, as if the words made her choke.  "Is it something about mom?  You never ? you never talk about her."
"I'm sorry," Orden said, his voice strained.  It was the first time Sasha ever heard her father sound that way.  His voice wavered uncertainly, and he sighed again, looking up at the ceiling as if to avoid meeting her eye.  "It's hard for me to talk about your mother.  I miss her very much, you know.  I think about her every day."
"So do I," Sasha said softly.
"When Orshana passed away, I chose to raise you myself, even though there were other families who would have taken you in.  But I promised long ago to keep your mother safe."  He paused, and finally looked at Sasha, his eyes glimmering.  "And I failed to do that.  I swore to protect her, and I failed."
"But she died when I was born," Sasha said.  "You couldn't have done anything."
He nodded slowly.  "Yes, she died when you were born.  But that's not ? that's not when I failed her.  It was before that."
"What happened?"
"I wish I could have told you this long ago, sweetheart.  But I don't even like thinking about it.  Damn that woman for saying anything to you.  She knows the truth just like everyone else does, but I've tried to keep it from you so far.  But you deserve to know, and you're old enough to understand."
"Understand what?"
He breathed heavily.  "Your father ? your biological father, I mean ? was not Aushar.  He was from Verdana.  He was a Verdan soldier."
Sasha's face went blank.  "What?" she squeaked.
"You're only half-Aushar.  That's why ..." he said awkwardly, gesturing at her, "that's why your hair is a lighter color, and your skin is lighter.  I'm sorry, I should have told you about this a long time ago.  That's what Harlan's mother was talking about."
Sasha felt as if her entire world was rushing in on her.  Her lungs caught and it felt like a huge boulder was pressing on her chest, making it hard to breathe.  She gasped painfully and quickly put her hands into her lap to stop them from shaking.
Her father was Verdan?  She had never even seen someone from Verdana before, but she knew they had yellow hair and blue eyes, which made them seen almost inhuman to her.  People always had red hair, like hers, although her hair was lighter than almost everyone else's.  She never really thought about why.  But the truth about her background made everything seem wrong, and she suddenly remembered back to every time one of the adults gave her a strange look or said something about her appearance, and now she suddenly understood all of it.
Orden explained to her long ago that he was not her real father, and that her mother passed away in childbirth bringing Sasha into the world.  In truth, Orden Snowfire was her uncle, her mother's brother.  But the identity of her actual father had been a secret until now, and Sasha realized that she never even thought to ask about her real father.  Orden raised her and he was her father as far as she was concerned, so it didn't matter who her real father was.
But it mattered now.  It mattered very much.
"Who ? who was he?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.  "Did you know him?"
"No, I never met your biological father."
"But who was he?"
"He was a soldier, that's all I know.  I wish I knew who he was, I really do."
"But my mother ? she got pregnant?"
Orden's red eyes looked down on Sasha, a rapid blur of mixed emotions flashing across his usually calm and stoic face.  "She didn't know who he was either.  I'm so sorry, sweetheart.  Your real father ? he took Orshana by force ?"
His voice finally broke, and he leaned forward, closing his eyes tightly as tears that were held back for so long began to slide down his cheeks and drip from his beard.  He gasped in a painful sob, lifting his hands to his face.
Sasha was crying too, she realized.  She didn't even know when she had started.  But the tears flowed freely down her face, and there was nothing she could do to stop them.
Chapter Five
Stealing From Thieves

A shout jerked her awake and she sat up, looking around in a sudden panic, momentarily unsure of where she was.  The trailing edges of a dream faded into a fog in her memory.  
The sky shone with the dim blue light of early morning.  Dirt and sand stuck to her skin, and a few bugs skittered across her bare leg.  She quickly laid back down, out of sight of the camp, scared that she might have accidentally given herself away.
"Ho!  Bardon!  Is that you?" someone shouted.
"Yeah, come on."
Sasha scooted onto her side and peered out from behind the bushes to see what was going on.  The three men at the camp were already awake.  Their backs were to her as another figure approached from the opposite direction, riding a horse and bringing three other horses with him.
"Is it just you three?" the rider asked.  He wore a stiff leather tunic with a longsword strapped across his back.  His long black hair and dark, tanned skin marked him as a Morend from the east.  They were typically taller and leaner than Aushar or Verdan people, and if Sasha got close enough to see his eyes, they were probably green.
"Just us, I'm afraid," Bardon said as he walked forward.  "Dango and the others never made it back."
"They probably died in the storm," the rider said gravely.  "Every village west of Olvertus was almost completely destroyed.  Worst storm in a hundred years, they told me.  The Holy Judge venting his fury at Riverstorm's death, I'm sure."
Kelwith ran his hand along one of the horse's necks and then patted its shoulder affectionately. "Where'd you get these horses?"
"I found these fine animals wandering south of Dragon's Tooth.  The town was hit pretty hard.  I'm guessing the storm destroyed their stable and they got loose somehow.  I don't know who they belong to, so I guess that means they belong to us now."
"Well, today's off to a good start," Bardon laughed.
It wasn't long before they started packing up their supplies and getting ready to leave.  They kicked dirt over their smoking camp fire and stuffed their water skins and dried packs of meat into pouches that hung from the horses' saddles.  All the while, they discussed their plans and debated where they should go next.  They wanted to hire new members of their band and get information on what merchants were traveling in the area.
Sasha watched in helpless fury, balling her hands into fists as she watched the men pack up their things.  She wanted to cry out in frustration.  Her plan was to sneak into their camp to steal some clothing and food while they slept, but she didn't expect to fall asleep herself, and now the opportunity was lost.  She might have been able to follow them if they were on foot, but not if they rode horses.  Finding the men at all was a an incredible stroke of luck, but now she'd be stranded alone in the wilderness again.
She considered just standing up and announcing her presence, but she wasn't that desperate or crazy just yet.  It was possible that these untrustworthy men might be willing to help her out and take her to the nearest town, but they'd probably demand compensation in the form of her willing body.  Then again, they might just take her body by force anyway, and then deliver her straight to the authorities for a reward.  That was far more likely.  Or they might just kill her afterward and leave her body to rot.
"Let's get out of here," Bardon said as he hauled himself up into the saddle.
Renny was still packing up his blanket, and he sighed and then nodded to the others.  "You fellas go on.  I got to hit the privy.  I think it'll be awhile."
"You sure?"
"Unless you wanna sit here and watch me take a squat."
The Morend laughed and began to lead his horse away.  "I did not come all this way just to watch you do your business.  Just follow us to Olvertus when you're done.  We'll meet you there."
"Don't get lost, old man," Kelwith called out as they trotted away.
With that, the three riders headed off to the west, their horses kicking up gray dust in their wake.  Renny took his time packing the rest of his things and then walked off behind the rock formation for a few yards
Sasha could almost not believe her incredible luck.  Thank you, Lord of Ice, she said to herself.  I know now that you must be watching over me and giving me your aid.  I am your loyal subject always.
Renny began to unbuckle his belt.  Sasha didn't stick around to watch the rest of it.  She very quietly began to sneak up on the camp from the other direction.  With no boots to crunch on the ground, or metal objects to clank against each other, she moved almost silently.  Renny was currently preoccupied and wouldn't be listening too closely for intruders sneaking up on him.  Sasha was able to sneak all the way up to the rocky outcropping and then leaned her back against it and waited.
When Renny was finished some time later, she heard him grunt as he stood and then heard the jangle of his belt as he buckled it back up.  She risked a quick peek around the rock to see him walking around the other side, and she quickly tip-toed after him and snuck up right behind him.
She jumped on his back and wrapped one arm tightly around his throat, grabbing her other arm and locking it behind his head in a tight choke hold.  He crashed to his knees and fumbled wildly at her, trying to punch blindly at her face.  He managed to grab a handful of hair and yanked on it fiercely, but Sasha held on.  Sputtering and gasping, he quickly tired and then his arms fell to his sides and together they collapsed to the ground.
Sasha quickly pulled her arms away and scrambled to safety, grabbing a rock to use as a weapon in case he was still conscious.  But she had done her work well.  He was passed out but still alive, his chest rising and falling with quick breaths.  Sasha sighed and tossed the rock over her shoulder, relieved that she didn't have to use it.  She didn't want to kill him if she didn't have to.  He was a criminal and a murderer, but she'd been party to enough killing in her lifetime and didn't want to add to her total.
"Sorry, Renny," she said as she yanked off his boots.  "But right now I need these more than you do."  She then proceeded to take off Renny's pants and overshirt, leaving him dressed in just his underclothes.
The boots were too large for her, of course, but she took off her flimsy prisoner's tunic and tore it into strips that she stuffed down into the boots so that her feet fit inside.  The pants were too large as well, but she tightened the belt and tucked the bottom of the pant legs into the boots.  The clothes didn't smell very good, but she didn't plan to wear them for long.  At the first opportunity, she intended to get some different clothes.  She tucked her long hair under the back of the shirt.
Renny's possessions included his sleeping blanket, two waterskins, one of which was almost empty, some dried meat and bread, and a stack of letters and other personal items.  There were also some bronze and silver coins of varying denominations, Verdan vandas and Morend sentos, but no currency from Aushara.  He also had a poorly-made sword and a nice dagger, as well as a hard leather jacket and some metal braces for his forearms.  
At the moment, Sasha didn't really want to carry a weapon, because it would only draw unwanted attention.  She left the sword, but picked up the dagger and tested the feel of it in her hand.  She preferred throwing knives.  Once upon a time, she'd been proficient with them, but the dagger was useless as a throwing weapon.  It was designed to slash and cut, and was too unbalanced and heavy to be thrown accurately.  But she held onto it anyway, just in case she needed something to defend herself with.
She left the packet of letters and the forearm braces behind as well, and also left the half-empty waterskin, to ensure that poor Renny wouldn't die of thirst before his friends came looking for him.  The full waterskin she raised to her lips and drank greedily from, until it was also half-empty.
She took the rest and walked over to the horse, which eyed her cautiously.  It was a soft brown color with large eyes and a white splotch across the top of its nose.  It backed away, detecting her nervousness, but Sasha patted it gently on its nose and it calmed down.  Once she was sure that it was comfortable with her presence, she stuck her foot in the stirrup and climbed up onto the saddle.
Horses were uncommon in most of Aushara, so she didn't have much practice riding one.  Thankfully, her father had taught her the basics once, when they visited the city of White Flame.  That had been a long time ago, though, and she tried to remember everything she could.
"All right, let's go," she whispered in the horse's ear, and then tapped her heels lightly into its flanks to get it moving.  The horse jerked forward into a bouncy trot, and she pulled on the reins to retain her balance in the saddle, forcing the horse to stop once more.  She eased him forward again and got the hang of using the reins, until she felt more confident about riding him.
The other men in Renny's band had gone west, so she directed the horse to the east and headed off in the opposite direction.  She figured she had, at most, a few hours before they returned to find out why Renny never joined them, and by that time she wanted to be far enough away that they wouldn't be able to track her down.  The horse's hooves didn't leave noticeable tracks in the rocky ground, so she doubted they'd even know which direction she went.
  Her intention was to go east, around the coast of the Dragon's Mouth, and then eventually north along the Hale Road to Aushara.  Now that she had a horse, the trip would take her maybe five days instead of thirty.  Traveling on foot the entire way would be problematic for several reasons, so she once again thanked the Ice Warden for her good luck.  The sooner she got away from the area surrounding the Dragon's Mouth, the better.  She didn't know if anyone was looking for her, but she didn't want to take any chances.
She rode at a brisk pace for about an hour, until her legs and thighs ached with pain from the constant bouncing and rubbing against the saddle.  Her entire backside felt like a huge throbbing blister, and she slowed the horse down a bit so that she didn't bounce so much.  Riding a horse was certainly better than the alternative, but she would have to figure out some way to make the trip a bit more comfortable.
A while later, Sasha eventually stumbled across a road.  She was sure it was a road, although it didn't seem like it saw much traffic.  It was little more than an indentation in the ground that followed the line of a shallow dip in the plain, and was marked by parallel ruts caused by wagon wheels.  She led her horse along the tracks for a little while, then thought better of it.  Right now, she felt it would be safer to avoid roads, in case someone came along who might be curious about her.
A few times, she stopped to take a break and stretch her legs, and let the horse take a break as well.  She rubbed her backside, wincing in pain, and walked around to relieve the soreness in her thighs, while the horse ignored her and nibbled at tufts of scrubby grass that stuck up between the rocks.
When they came upon a small fresh water pond surrounded by tall grasses and reeds, she stopped once more and climbed down from the saddle. She led the horse over and it dipped its mouth into the water to get a drink.  Sasha refilled the waterskin and took a look around.  The landscape was much the same as before, with scattered low bushes and slim trees, and the ground was still mostly chalky gray soil.  There were no towns or buildings anywhere sight, and no sign of any people at all.  As far as she could tell, she and the horse were the only living things within several leagues, which suited her just fine.  There was one other thing she wanted to do, now that she was a safe distance away and there was no one around.  
She stripped out of Renny's smelly clothes and dumped them on the ground, then walked over to the water in the nude, glancing around one more time to make sure she was truly alone, although she felt silly for being so cautious.  Then she waded out into the pond to wash off all the dust and salt that still clung uncomfortably to her skin.   The water felt chilly against her naked skin, and she shivered a bit when she first walked in, her feet nearly slipping on the slick mud at the bottom.  The middle of the pond was deep enough that the water came up above her waist.
She did the best she could without having any soap, but she vigorously rubbed her body all over to remove the gray dust, and she eventually felt clean.  Then she knelt down until the water was almost up to her neck, and dunked her head back to soak her hair.  She rubbed and ran her fingers through it for several minutes to try to wash out all the salt from the sea water, until she was confident that it was as clean as it was going to get.
She walked out of the pond, dripping wet and shivering, and squeezed her hair to get most of the water out.  Taking the dagger out of the horse's saddle bag, she grasped her wet hair in one hand and used the dagger in the other to roughly chop through it until it only hung to just beneath her shoulders.  She wished she could see if it was cut straight, but for now it would have to do.  She tossed the long clump of severed hair on the ground and sighed.
The sun felt good on her bare skin, and she began to get some color as well.  She used one of the blankets in the saddle bag to dry off and then dressed once more, wishing that she could find some more-appropriate clothes.  Renny's clothes clearly didn't fit her, and anyone who examined her too closely might get suspicious.
After getting a snack and drinking some more from the waterskin, she wandered back to the horse, who had gotten enough to drink as well and was now chewing on some grass.  She patted the horse's neck and wished she had something else to feed it.  She didn't know much about horses, and promised that as soon as she made it to a town, she'd get it to a proper stable and have someone take care of it.  
"I think I'll name you Dusty," she said with a smile.
She climbed back into the saddle and flicked the reins.  Dusty trotted off at a leisurely pace and they continued their way through the Gray Sands.
Chapter Six
Spearwatch

She spent that night out in the wilderness, finding a secluded spot in a dry gully where she could light a small fire without it being seen for leagues around.  She spread out her blankets and snuggled in comfortably for the night.  Standing a few yards away was her horse Dusty, and although he did not seem inclined to wander off, she tied the reins to a waist-high sapling just in case.  For now, he just stood there patiently, his tail swishing back and forth.  He seemed like a nice, even-tempered animal, and Sasha found herself already growing fond of him.  Dusty was the first friend she had made in years.
Spending most of the day riding in the sun was hard on her pale skin, and she had a faint sunburn already.  But that was a good thing, because it would disguise her appearance just a little bit.  If the Legion was on the lookout for an Aushar woman fitting her description, the more she changed her appearance, the better.
She awoke when the sun rose and set out again toward the east.  She didn't know any landmarks around here or the names of any cities, but eventually she hoped to find a road heading north.  She traveled for a few hours until about noon, when she spotted a small town in the distance, overlooking the Dragon's Mouth, which was still a constant feature to her left.
The town was built along a natural stream that flowed down to the shore, and was bordered on both sides by thick groves of trees.  There were about twenty buildings total, so it wasn't a major city by any stretch.  Sasha decided to take the risk and stop there.  She led Dusty parallel to the town until she found the road that she expected to be there, and then rode in.
She felt nervous, but she kept it to herself, and rode casually without attracting any unwanted attention.  The edge of town wasn't marked with guard posts or lookout towers, so at least she didn't have to pass by any Legion soldiers or local guards.  There were a pair taverns, some other buildings, and at the far end of the main street, she saw what she took to be a rickety-looking stable.  She led Dusty inside the building, which smelled of hay and manure.
A young boy came out and rubbed his dirty hands on the legs of his pants, which were even dirtier than his hands were, so Sasha wasn't sure what he thought he was going to accomplish.  "Can I help you, lady?" the boy asked.
"Hi there," Sasha said with a smile.  "What's the name of this town?"
"Spearwatch.  Used to be a fort near here called that," the boy answered.  "You're an Aushar, ain't you?  You got red hair like they do.  I ain't seen one of you folks in a while."
Damn, I was hoping I wouldn't stick out like a sore thumb here.
Sasha nodded.  "Yes, I'm Aushar.  But I'm not from there, I live here in Verdana."
"Where you from?"
Sasha quickly searched her mind for a name, and remembered the town that the Morend bandit had mentioned.  "Dragon's Tooth.  I'm just passing through.  Is there a general store in town where I can buy a few things?"
"Sure is.  It's across the street, two buildings down."
"Thank you," Sasha said.  "Can you take care of my horse for a little while?"
Sasha dismounted and handed the boy a couple of vandas, and he led Dusty into the stable.  She asked him briefly for directions and then walked out into the town with the rest of Renny's money jingling in her pocket.  Her thighs were sore and stiff again from riding all morning, so she felt some relief as she stretched her legs.  A few old men sat on the porch of the local constable's office, and Sasha nodded to them politely as she entered the store.
The proprietor of the store was noticeably curious, maybe even suspicious, when Sasha purchased an entirely new wardrobe to replace the poorly-fitting clothes she wore.  But she came up with a convenient excuse that satisfied his curiosity.
She told him that the hurricane destroyed the building she lived in, and most of her personal possessions were lost in the storm.  "It was late, and I was dressed in just my nightgown," she said as she counted out some money in her hand.  "I just had time to grab a few things and run out the door.  We took shelter in the old stone tower at the edge of town, and had to watch as the rest of the town was almost totally destroyed.  It was so terrible." She looked away and cleared her throat, as if trying to hold back tears at the sad memory.  The store owner was amazed, and didn't seem to notice her poor acting.  He was so sympathetic that he didn't bother to ask her where she got the money from.  
Half an hour later, she walked out with new clothes: a pair of soft leather boots that actually fit her small feet, some plain gray farmer's slacks, a green tunic with long sleeves that she rolled up to her elbows, and a sleeveless leather vest.  The clothes were shabby and cheap, but they were inconspicuous and at least they were clean.  She also purchased a bandana that she used to tie her hair back into a short ponytail to hide the fact that it was cut so unevenly.
She started to walk across the street, but she paused when she heard hooves rumbling down the dirt road.  From around the line of buildings, a group of men on horseback appeared, flying a blue and gold Verdan banner.  A unit from the Emperor's Legion, in full uniform, all riding huge white stallions.  Sasha crossed to the other side of the street as they rode into town and slowed their horses, a cloud of dust rolling past them.
Sasha had the urge to quickly walk out of sight, but most of the other village residents came out to see what the commotion was.  Sneaking away would bring more attention to her, so she leaned against a post and watched the Legion arrive, trying to appear casual.
The Legion commander sported golden epaulettes on the shoulders of his uniform, and a longsword strapped to his hip.  He dismounted and stomped into the constable's office.  His men dismounted as well, but they remained outside, and one of them wandered over to Sasha, his hand resting on the pommel of his sword.
"Good afternoon, my lady," he said.
"Good afternoon, my lord," she answered in kind.  She spoke in a standard Verdan dialect with only a hint of her natural Aushar accent.  She'd spent years listening to the guards at Dandrakan talk and knew how to imitate their speech.  "Is something wrong?  What's going on here?"
"Maybe you haven't heard, but two nights ago, some prisoners escaped from Dandrakan Prison," the soldier said.
The look of shock on Sasha's face was not an act.  "Oh my," she said, a shiver of fear running down her spine.  "You mean they escaped during the hurricane?  How in the name of the Holy Judge did they get off the island?"
"Somehow they found a boat.  I don't know how.  Anyway, we found the boat washed up on shore about a league from here.  We're informing any nearby towns to keep on the lookout."
Sasha couldn't believe it.  The prisoners who broke out of the main gate at the prison actually made their way to the dock and found a boat!  They must have escaped just before Sasha got there.  
The Legion commander walked out of the constable's office, a sour look on his face, and gestured to his men.  He glanced over and saw Sasha, and she pretended not to notice him as he began to walk over to her.  He had a sharp chin, hair so light blonde it was almost silver, and dull gray eyes that seemed to stare right into her.
"My lady," he said roughly, giving her a short nod.  "Would you be so kind as to tell me your name?"
"My name's Orshana Snowcrown," Sasha said.  She had come up with the alias long ago, knowing that eventually she would need to give her name to someone.  Her mother's name was Orshana, and Snowcrown was a common-sounding Aushar surname.
"Do you live in this town?"
"No, I'm just passing through, why?"
"Where are you from?"
"I was living in Dragon's Tooth until yesterday.  The hurricane destroyed most of the town."
"Yes, so I've heard," the commander said.  "Why are you here in Spearwatch?"
"I have family in Arawend, so I'm going that way.  I have nothing left in Dragon's Tooth to go back to.  Why, is something wrong?" Sasha asked.
The commander paused and cleared his throat.  "I assume you know about the escaped prisoners from Dandrakan?"
"Yes, your man here was just telling me."
"Well, it just so happens that one of the escapees was an Aushar woman about your age."
"Oh," Sasha said, and gave him a slight smile.  "That's an interesting coincidence."
"Yes, very interesting," the commander agreed.
She forced herself to remain calm.  It would only take one wrong move for them to grab her and take her into custody.  In fact, she was surprised they hadn't already done so, but then again, it wasn't entirely uncommon for Aushar people to live in Verdana.  Aside from her red hair, they had no reason to believe she was an escaped criminal.  But Sasha had nothing but the clothes on her back, which she had just purchased.  All they had to do was question the owner of the general store about that, and they would certainly arrest her.
"Do you think I'm one of the prisoners you're looking for?" she asked directly, putting her hands on her hips.
"I hope you don't take offense.  Like you said, perhaps it is just an interesting coincidence."
"An unfortunate one," Sasha said.  "But I'm no escaped prisoner.  If I was, do you think I'd be standing here talking to you?"
"Perhaps not," the commander admitted, but he was not convinced.
"I've been riding all day.  My horse is in the stable if you don't believe me."
"Okay.  I'd like to see your horse, if you don't mind."
They went to the stable together.  Sasha, the commander, the other soldier walked inside and Sasha led them to where her horse was tied.  Dusty's head was deep in a trough full of sweet grass and oats and was he was munching away obliviously.  The young stable boy came out carrying a bucket of water and a scrub brush, and stared dumbly at the two soldiers.
"Can I help you, good sirs?" he asked nervously.
"This young woman wanted to show us her horse," the commander said.  "This one is hers, is that correct?  How long has it been here?"
"Yeah," the boy said.  "About an hour or so."
"His name is Dusty," Sasha said, rubbing her hand along the horse's side.  Dusty picked up his head up as if recognizing his new name, and Sasha gave his head a gentle rub as well.
Sasha did not state the obvious, letting the commander work it out for himself.  If the escaped prisoners' boat was just discovered on the shore not far from Spearwatch, then the fact that Sasha possessed a horse and just arrived in town only an hour before was proof enough that she came from a different direction and therefore could not be one of the prisoners.  Or at least that's what Sasha hoped the commander was thinking.
"All right," the commander finally said with a sigh.  "Thank you for your time, Miss Snowcrown.  I appreciate your cooperation."
"It's no trouble," Sasha said.  "I wish you good luck finding those prisoners.  I'm sure they won't get far."
"They won't," the commander said, and then he departed.  
Sasha remained in the stable for a few minutes, casually rubbing her hand along Dusty's neck as the stable boy began to clean the floor.  When her heart returned to a normal pace and she was certain the soldiers were gone, she walked out of the stable and back out into the street.  The smart course of action would be to leave as soon as possible, but she didn't want to act suspicious.  So she walked down the street, giving the two old men outside the constable's office a friendly wave as she walked by, and went to the small tavern a few buildings down.
Her stomach rumbled hungrily, so she used her last few vanda coins to purchase a bowl of steaming porridge and some bread.  
"You hear what those guards was saying?" the bartender asked conversationally.  "Some men up and escaped from the prison?  You ever heard of something like that?  I ain't never heard of someone escaping from there."
"I wonder if the storm had anything to do with it," Sasha suggested as she scooped up a spoonful of porridge.
The bartender thought about it and then nodded.  "You know, I bet you're right.  We had a lot of rain and a lot of blowing, but it wasn't that bad here.  I guess west of here it was a lot worse.  I wouldn't be surprised if that whole island didn't get swallowed right up."
"I hope the soldiers guarding the place are okay, at least," Sasha said.
"Oh, yes," the bartender agreed.
When Sasha was finished with her meal, she returned to the stable to pick up Dusty, wishing the stable boy a good day as she rode out.  Now that she and Dusty were both fed and rested, she decided it was definitely time to get moving.  One close call with the Verdan authorities was more than enough for one day.  Besides, Aushar was still many leagues away, and she had lots of traveling to do.
Chapter Seven
Arawend

The city of Arawend was located at the mouth of the Verdanus River where it emptied into the Dragon's Mouth after flowing all the way down from the mountains of the Warden's Crown.  It served as a crossroads for travelers and merchants from all over Verdana, Aushara, and Morenda, a central point where all three nations roughly converged.  Aushar fur traders, blacksmiths, and artisans came down the Hale Road to sell their wares to wealthy Morend merchants and Verdan nobles.  Verdan farmers and suppliers sold grain and crops by the caravan to the Aushar to bring back north.  And Morend spice merchants and traders sold all kinds of spice, exotic cloth, rare artifacts, and weapons from the heart of Morenda.  Even people from the more-distant nations of Orthasa and Sharutha sometimes came to the city, drawn to its central location and reputation as a thriving metropolis where all the races of Evios could intermingle freely.  Arawend was the kind of place where a lone Aushar woman could blend into a crowd and become invisible.
It took Sasha two tendays to travel there, which was a bit longer than she had originally anticipated.  The weather was still pleasant, but the seasons were changing and summer was over.  She could feel it in the air.  Soon, the weather would turn cold and travel up the Hale Road would be more difficult once snow started to fall.  She wanted to be on her way to Aushara long before that, but the necessities of travel prevented her from making better time.
She had no money.  She needed food and shelter for both herself and Dusty, so she had to work for them.  That meant stopping in various towns and coastal villages along the way, cleaning stables, cutting vegetables and gutting fish in taverns, chopping firewood, and doing other odd jobs.  She even spent an entire day helping to build a new Church for the Holy Judge in a small village.  Some of the men she encountered suggested a very different way for her to earn money, but she ignored their proposals.
However, the work was good for her.  She gained some much-needed muscle and strength doing hard manual labor like chopping firewood, and working in the sun gave her skin a healthy warm glow instead of the sunburn she started with.  She was no longer weak from all those years trapped in a cell, and she felt her stamina and endurance improve each day.  She met a woman in one village who volunteered to cut her hair properly, and it was now trimmed evenly and was a bit shorter than before, barely coming down to her shoulders.  It was shorter than it was when she first went to prison.
She also picked up valuable gossip and rumors along the way, which were almost as important.  She learned that Thorun Riverstorm, the former King Emperor of Verdana, died of the black fever, which also took the lives of several members of his court.  Sasha smiled at the thought of the great Emperor dying in his bed, his skin turning black, suffering from the agony of his internal organs turning to liquid.  It was even better than the thought of him dying by an assassin's blade.  
But since Riverstorm had no legitimate children - his illegitimate ones, on the other hand, being quite numerous - the High Council of Verdana chose to elect a new King Emperor.  There was no shortage of highborn nobles who felt worthy of the honor, so the process dragged on much longer than anyone had expected.  After almost six tendays, the High Council still had not managed to choose Verdana's new ruler.
Sasha rode into Arawend late in the afternoon and could almost feel the tension emanating from the city, as if it was a physical force pushing against her skin.  After sixty days without a ruler, the numerous Verdan noble families were beginning to split into factions, supporting one candidate or another, and both the Emperor's Legion and the Church of the Holy Judge were now taking sides and trying to force the High Council to force a unanimous vote.  
Arawend, despite its multicultural base, was still a Verdan city, governed by Verdan nobility and protected by the Emperor's Legion.  The political instability and friction among the ruling families had a direct and noticeable effect on the day-to-day lives of the people who lived and worked there.
The main concourse on the central avenue through the main city gate was only half-full the day Sasha arrived.  The sun was still out, but the air was cool and dry.  Once the sun went down in another couple hours, it would grow chilly outside.  Some of the people browsing the merchant booths wore cloaks and jackets to stay warm in the cool air, but Sasha felt comfortable with just her long-sleeved shirt and vest.
As she rode Dusty through the thin crowd, she scanned the merchant booths and carts, seeing a variety of crops, clothing, pottery, weapons, and jewelry for sale.  But there were many empty spaces along the main street, where sellers would usually be packed tightly against each other.  Emperor's Legion soldiers stood at attention along the four corners of the concourse, and more stood up on the walls, making Sasha feel as if she was entering a prison once again.  The crowd should have been heavier, the entire street filled with mingling bodies even at this time of day, but Sasha made her way through the crowd quite easily, and led Dusty into an adjacent alley marked with a painting of a horse.  She found two wide rows of stables.
"Beautiful horse, my lady," the lanky stableboy said as Sasha dismounted.  He had straggly blonde hair and his front teeth were missing.  "We'll take good care of him.  How long will you be staying in our fair city?"
"I don't know yet," Sasha said.  "Perhaps a few days."
"Are you here to meet someone?  Perhaps I can help you."
"I'm actually looking for work.  Do you know of any caravans heading north?  Any Aushar traders going that way?"
The stableboy smiled with his mouth closed, and held out his hand as Sasha dug into her pocket for a few coins.  "There's a tavern far down the way, two blocks east of the fountain," he said.  "It's called the Wolf's Head.  It's mostly an Aushar place."
Sasha plunked some sento coins into his palm.  "You take Morend money, I hope.  It's all I have left."
"Sure we do, we get Morend folks in here all the time."
She gave him a few extra.  "Take extra special care of my horse, then.  His name is Dusty, and he likes sweet oats.  Thanks for the help."
Out in the main street, merchants and sellers shouted for the attention of the buyers and browsing nobles walking up and down the center of the concourse.  Sasha wrinkled her nose and moved out into the crowd, walking past well-dressed Verdan nobles and rugged lowland warriors alike.  She spied a few Aushar men dressed in gray furs, their red hair like a beacon in the crowd, standing by a weaponsmith's booth as he showed off a fancy longsword.
Also standing near the weaponsmith's booth were two Orthas men in long robes.  Sasha had never actually met someone from Orthasa up close.  Their skin was the darkest of all the races of Evios, and sometimes seemed almost black, although usually it was a very rich, dark brown.  Their hair was black, like the people of Morenda, but many Orthas men chose to shave their heads completely, which Sasha found totally strange and disturbing.  The Orthas were also typically taller than both the Aushar and Verdan, and dressed in long robes and multicolored cloaks, arming themselves with short curved blades and knives that hung from their belts.
Across the street there was a dark-skinned Morend hawking some expensive painted pottery and elaborate rugs from the Isles of Ravos off the coast of Morenda.  She was so caught up in watching the crowd that she almost stumbled right into a young Verdan boy holding out a tray of fruit.
"Something to eat, my lady?" he asked.  "It's all very fresh."
Sasha took a plump pink fruit and handed the boy her very last sento coin.  She was now officially without money.  The boy thanked her energetically and then wandered off.  Sasha took a bite of the fruit and continued down the street, brushing past tourists and locals, seeing Verdan guards watching the crowd intently.
She encountered Legion patrols a few times on the road, but none of them bothered her or suspected her of being a fugitive.  She suspected that the other escaped prisoners were all captured or killed, and since she wasn't found with them, the Legion assumed that she drowned in the Mouth.  The other prisoners never even saw her, so if they were interrogated, they had no information to give.  But she didn't take any chances, and avoided the gaze of Legion soldiers as much as she could, just in case they were still looking form someone fitting her description.
"My lady!  My dear lady!" a portly Morend cried.  "You are a warrior, I can see it in the way you walk!  Would you care to examine my fine weapons?"
Sasha bit into her fruit and wiped the juice from her mouth.  The merchant's booth was farther back from the street, and smaller than many of the others.  But it was loaded with swords and axes in all shapes and sizes, some of them plain and some of them brightly decorated with gemstones, and the table in front was covered in various short blades, knives, and hatchets.  Sasha eyed his goods and nodded to herself.
"I don't think I can afford any of your weapons," she said apologetically.
The disappointment was clear in the merchant's face, but he smiled anyway and spread his hands.  He wore a bright green sash over his shoulders, which matched his green eyes, and underneath that a black leather vest and dark green pants with black stitching down the sides.  His black hair was slicked back and tied in a ponytail, and numerous golden earrings went up both ears.
"Ah, everyone has been saying that to me," he said.  "It is a wonder that anyone can afford to feed themselves with so little money to be had."
"Maybe we can make a deal, though," Sasha suggested.
She took out her dagger and showed it to the merchant.  It was the one she'd taken from Renny, and it had a nice straight unmarked blade of dark steel, and a piece of green glass embedded in the hilt.
The merchant nodded appreciatively.  "Not bad.  Do you know what this is?"
"Not really.  It's not Verdan steel, I know that much."
"It's from Orthasa.  A basic weapon, but nicely made and very durable."
"I know it probably isn't worth much.  But I'd like something a little bigger."
The merchant dug around on the floor of his booth and pulled out a short sword with a wooden handle and spots of rust around the crossguard.  The blade was straight and true, but not very sharp.  It was about the most basic weapon a blacksmith could make, and was probably worth less than the dagger, but Sasha could not have expected anything more than that.
"This is the best I can offer you," the merchant said with a shrug.
Sasha took the sword and made a few slow practice swings, just to test the weight and balance of the blade.  "I guess it will have to do," she said with a nod.  "You don't happen to have a sheath for it, do you?"
"That, my lady, will cost extra."
Sasha chuckled.  "You're not heading north any time soon, are you?  I'm looking for any traders who might be taking a caravan up the Hale Road."
The Morend shook his head regrettably.  "Not this time of year, I'm afraid.  I don't know if you will find any such caravans heading into Aushara right now along the mountain road."
"Why not?  Is the weather getting bad?"
"I've heard they already have snow up to their knees at the new fort.  You might find some travelers going that way, but no caravans."
"Okay," Sasha said.  She thanked the merchant for his time, and wandered back into the crowd.  She slid the sword through her belt and pointed the blade back behind her leg, hoping she could walk easily without cutting herself with it.
But the merchant's casual mention of a new fort felt like someone had dumped a pail of ice water down her back.  She knew nothing about any forts along the Hale Road.  The merchant spoke as if it was common knowledge, so Sasha just pretended that was the case.
The Hale Road was the main route of travel from eastern Aushara through the Warden's Crown mountains.  It was a well-traveled series of mountain passes that wound their way roughly north of Arawend all the way to the frozen plains of central Aushara.  However, in the winter it was usually covered in snow and was hit with frequent blizzards, so there was never any serious attempt to build a permanent settlement along most of its length, because it would be too hard to keep it supplied during the harsh winters.
But that also meant the road was not policed to any serious extent.  Sasha had intended to make her way into Aushara by the Hale Road precisely for that reason, because the alternative meant traveling all the way across central Verdana to the Sanshos Road, which was the main highway north along the coast, and the Sanshos Road ended south of the Bay of Shards, which was a place that Sasha had no desire to visit ever again.
She walked on through the crowd, catching bits of conversation here and there as she passed by various people browsing the merchants' tables.
"... Duke Thornhold is sure to be chosen, he has more support than anyone ..."
"... in Seahaven were totally wrecked.  They'll have to build a whole new fleet ..."
"... think this would look good on me?  I love the color ..."
"... straight from the capital of Sharuth, you won't find another like it ..."
"... I think Helmbreaker will be chosen soon.  He's already proved himself worthy ..."
"... everyone is on edge.  The Duke's people should back down ..."
"... a travesty, I cannot believe they have not chosen yet ..."
Sasha casually walked down the main concourse, passing more booths and politely turning down the numerous sellers who asked her to sample their merchandise.  To tell the truth, she needed some new clothing, but lacked the money to pay for it.  If she wanted to head north, she needed a heavier jacket as well as heavier boots, gloves, and a fur cap of some kind.  In fact, she realized belatedly that she was terribly unprepared to head into Aushara at this point.  But she knew she couldn't just stay in Arawend until the weather cleared up.
She couldn't travel the road alone without supplies, and she didn't have any money to buy them, so her only option was to hire herself out as a bodyguard or worker for a traveling merchant or a caravan in order to earn her keep.  Travelers heading north frequently hired Aushar guides to help them survive the harsh weather, since the Aushar could summon Charms for heat and to create fire even in the coldest snowstorms.
She might be able to find someone willing to hire her, but that didn't seem very likely if the Hale Road was already blocked with snow.  Most travelers wouldn't make the trip through the mountains under those conditions.  However, she wasn't about to give up on the idea.  She would have to talk with some people first and see if anyone was willing to make the trip.
At the end of the avenue, in the middle of a wide intersection of two major streets, was a huge circular fountain carved in white marble.  Water sprayed elegantly from the top of the fountain and splashed down into the base, which was about a foot deep and currently littered with coins that people tossed in.  Sasha looked at the coins and wished she could scoop them out, but she doubted anyone would let her get away with something like that.
Foreign merchants were not permitted to set up shop around the fountain, but local sellers could purchase business permits at great expense.  There were a few sellers with long tables showing off local crafts and jewelry, and two wide booths on the other side selling vegetables and baked breads from local farmers and bakers.
Around the circular street were several hotels, inns, and taverns for the wealthier residents of the city.  Long blue and gold banners hung from windows and balconies, as if publicly displaying patriotism to Verdana could somehow erase the current political discord.  Sasha saw people in animated conversation on the upper balconies, almost all of them well-dressed Verdan nobles with drinks in their hands, looking down worriedly at the crowds below.
The trio of criminals she encountered in the Gray Sands spoke about trade drying up in the King's Market.  Although Sasha had never been there, she knew it was the main public market in the Verdan capital of Arlora, and it was probably twice the size of the market in Arawend.  The death of the King Emperor and delay in electing a new ruler had apparently scared off many of the merchants and sellers there, and the local government here in Arawend was surely beginning to worry that trade might dry up here as well as long as the nation went without a ruler.
Fewer merchants meant fewer buyers, and fewer buyers meant even fewer merchants, and that meant less money in taxes going to the local coffers.  Which suited Sasha just fine.  Anything that weakened the Verdan government and economy was good as far as she was concerned.  
She turned right and walked down the next street for several blocks until she found the Aushar tavern that the stableboy told her about.  Hanging above the door was a wooden sign depicting the head of a wolf with its teeth bared and fur raised up.
Two Aushar men loitered out front, muttering to each other, and they both glanced at Sasha as she approached the door.  She nodded at them and pushed the door open to walk inside.
Chapter Eight
The Wolf's Head Tavern

The tavern was crowded and unruly, with dozens of tables scattered around, some of them piled with food and drink, others covered in coins and gambling cards.  The air was thick with pipe smoke.  Sasha paused in the doorway and tried to take it all in.  It felt like she had traveled through a portal right into the heart of Aushara, and the familiar sights and smells came at her like a flood.  
The room was packed with Aushar men and women, dressed in fur and leather, shouting and yelling and cursing.  The smell of wolf fur brought back memories, and the familiar scents of spiced mead and Aushar smoking weed made her feel like she was a child again, watching her father tell stories with his comrades late into the night.  The sight of so many Aushar people in one place made her heart ache, and she let out a deep breath, realizing just how much she had missed her own people.  This tavern might have been in the middle of Verdana, but right now she felt like she was back in Aushara.  The tavern felt like home.
A few of them glanced her way, but apparently, her red hair was proof enough for them that she belonged there.  She walked through the crowd, smiling to herself.  She could hear men at the gambling tables arguing with each other, women laughing and slapping away the hands that reached down to pinch their backsides, and a few drunks in the corner singing old songs about the homeland.  
She went up to the bar and sat down in an empty stool, turning sideways to observe the crowd and relax in the comforts of her own people.
"What can I get you?" the bartender asked, leaning against the bar.  He was a burly Aushar with long red hair tied with a black ribbon, with a bushy red mustache that hung down over his mouth..
"I just arrived in town," Sasha said.  "I don't have any money, I'm sorry."
"Where are you from?'
"Nomad Haven," she said, naming a town on the coast near the border between Verdana and Aushara.  "But I haven't been there in years, I've been living south of here in a town called Dragon's Tooth."
"I know where that is," the bartender said.  "Why were you living down there?"
Sasha shrugged.  "Wanderlust, I guess.  But I'm on my way back to Aushara.  That hurricane a few tendays ago was the last straw."
The bartender laughed heartily.  "What's your name, girl?"
"Orshana Snowcrown."
"How would you like a drink on the house?"
"I would love one," she said gratefully.
For now, she decided to keep her identity a secret.  Revealing herself as the daughter of Orden Snowfire here in this bar would probably cause a riot.  Until she was all the way back home, she'd continue to use an alias.  Besides, if the Verdan authorities learned who she was, they 'd arrest her on the spot and throw her right back in prison.  And the more she thought about it, she wasn't entirely sure she even wanted her fellow Aushar to know her real identity just yet.
He handed her a wooden mug filled to the brim with gold-colored mead, and Sasha lifted it to her mouth to breathe in the spices.  She took a sip and smiled widely, feeling a refreshing warmth settle into her body.
"Oh, yes," she said.  "It's been far too long since I've tasted something this good."
The bartender smiled and waited for her to finish a long drink.  As she set the mug down on the bar, he said in a lower voice, "One of your parents must be Verdan, right?"
Sasha paused and then raised the mug once more.  "Yes," she said as she took another sip.  "My father was Verdan.  Is that a problem?"
"No,no," the bartender said, shaking his head.  "I didn't mean to offend you or anything."
"It's okay," Sasha said.  "I'm used to it by now."
"I know some of the older folks don't like it when Aushars and Verdans have kids together, but things are lot different than they used to be.  I see a lot of kids running around these days with light red hair like yours."
"Really?  I guess I haven't noticed."
"Maybe it's not so common farther south.  But up here near the border, there's a lot of Aushar living in Verdana, and vice versa.  My own cousin married a Verdan girl.  I can't see myself doing that, though.  Verdans aren't so bad, but I could never marry one."
"Me neither," Sasha agreed.  "If I ever get married, it'll be to an Aushar."
"Is that why you're traveling back to Aushara?  Looking for a husband?"
Sasha laughed.  "Maybe someday."
The bartender wandered off to help some other customers, and Sasha took a few minutes to finish her mead, savoring every sip.  Spiced mead was a purely Aushar concoction, and the other races couldn't tolerate the stuff, but to Sasha it was the most delicious thing ever.  In Verdana, they drank a watered-down alcohol brewed from some kind of grain.  Sasha tried it a few times and found it practically tasteless.  In Morenda, they brewed leaves to create a strange drink called lashita, but Sasha had never tried it.
She left the bar and wandered around the tavern a bit, weaving in between plump waitresses with flaming red hair, and stumbling drunks boasting of the battles they'd fought in.  The entire place felt like it belonged in Aushara, and while walking around the tavern, she could almost forget she was still at least a tenday from her destination.
In the back area of the tavern, there was a chorus of shouting and yelling, and Sasha eventually made her way back to see a crowd of men facing the rear wall, cheering and laughing at something.  Sasha squeezed her way into the tight crowd to get a better look at what was going on.
There was a shirtless Aushar man standing in the middle of the crowd, with heavy boots and thick black pants belted with a chain.  He was tall and well-built, with thick muscles on his upper arms and shoulders, and his bare chest was slick with sweat.  His red hair was tangled and messy and hung loosely down below his shoulders, but surprisingly, his face was clean-shaven when most Aushar men sported at least a mustache.  He looked in his late-twenties, probably not much older than Sasha was.
On the wall about thirty feet away, there was a wooden board with large painted circles, covered in jagged cut marks.  Several knives were currently sticking out of it.  The crowd was spread out on either side of the board to give the Aushar man plenty of room.  He lifted a long knife in his hand and stared at the board, squinting his eyes as he raised the blade.  He let it fly and it struck in the smallest circle on the target, right next to another knife that was already stuck there.
The crowd cheered energetically, and the Aushar man raised his hands and shouted victoriously, pumping his fist in the air.  Sasha caught a glimpse of two men on the other side shaking their heads in disappointment as they handed some money over.
"Who's next!" the Aushar man shouted.  "Come and test your luck!"
"I'll take you on," someone shouted.  An older man dressed in a wolfskin jacket pushed his way through the crowd to a chorus of cheers.  He tossed a pouch of coins onto the nearest table and made his wager.  The shirtless man laughed and graciously stepped away to allow the newcomer to test his skill.  He walked to one of the nearby tables, running a hand through his sweaty hair, and grabbed a mug of mead.  He gulped it down so fast that it spilled down the sides of his face and left foam on his upper lip.
He slammed the mug down and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  "Come on, Ursula, let's have some more to drink!"
One of the waitresses wove her way expertly through the crowd, carrying a tray lined with mugs overflowing with mead.  "Sure thing, Arick," she giggled as she set it down.  Several people tried to reach for the mugs, but she slapped their hands away.  "These drinks ain't free, boys!  Keep your hands to yourselves!"
"Here you go, sweet thing," the Aushar man said, leaning up close to her and stuffing a stack of coins into her hand.  "Go on, friends!  Drink up!  Drinks on me!"
As the men around the table snatched up their mugs of mead and thanked him profusely, Sasha crossed her arms and watched him strut back over to the other table and pick up one of the throwing knives.  He turned it over in his hands and grinned savagely at his opponent.
Their competition lasted a few rounds, but in the end, the man named Arick was victorious again, his knives striking true.  He whipped his hair back and raised his arms, basking in the adoration of the crowd, and then began to search for another opponent.  All around him, people shouted and laughed and cheered, downing drinks and getting rowdy.  
Sasha snuck through the mass of bodies until she was against the wall, where she leaned back and watched the entertainment.  For the next half hour, she watched Arick compete against several members of the crowd in knife-throwing contests.  They switched out new targets with differently-sized bull's eyes, and also tried their hand at speed throwing, tossing several knives in quick succession to hit the targets in a predetermined order.  Each time, Arick beat the competition, earning himself a significant sum of money in the process, which he promptly spent on more drinks for the crowd.  Sasha even snagged a free drink for herself.
After another half-hour, no one in the crowd seemed to want to compete against him.  They either cheered or shouted insults, depending on whether they won or lost money on him.  
What made his skill even more impressive was that he had downed at least half a dozen mugs of mead in between contests, and Sasha was surprised that he could still stand up straight, much less throw knives accurately.  But he didn't seem to be suffering any effects from the alcohol he consumed.  She was also amazed that he could throw knives over and over again for so long without getting tired.
"Come on," he laughed, brushing his hair out of his eyes.  "Anybody else want to try?  Somebody in here has to be a challenge for me!"  He pointed into the crowd and hollered, "What about you?  You, over there?  Come on, you in the back!"
Everyone he asked immediately declined, and each time they turned him down, the crowd laughed and hurled light-hearted insults at the unwilling participant.  It was like a game that the whole crowd was playing.
Sasha eased her way forward so that she was standing out in front, only a few feet away from Arick, who was still demanding someone to compete with.  Two men were switching out the target board with a new one, and they brought over the throwing knives and set them on a nearby table.
Sasha picked one up and tested it in her hand to get a feel for it.  They were good throwing knives, perfectly balanced and very sharp.  She looked over at the target board and a faint smile crossed her lips.  
Arick glanced at her and then shouted, "It looks like we have a volunteer!"
The crowd of spectators roared to life and Sasha felt herself being pushed forward so that everyone could see her.  Arick laughed and showed her off for the crowd, smiling widely, running a hand through his sticky hair again.  His chest was covered in a sheen of sweat, and Sasha could smell the alcohol on him.
"So, you think you're good enough to face me?" he said.  "How much are you going to bet, little sister?"
"I don't have anything to gamble with," Sasha said with an innocent smile.
Arick swung around and gaped at her with wide brown eyes.  "Don't have anything to gamble with!" he shouted incredulously, and then stood up to cry out to the crowd, "Did you hear that?  She said she doesn't have anything to gamble with!"
The Aushar howled with laughter and a few of them jeered at her, laughing and pointing and spilling their mead.  Sasha smiled amusedly and put her hands on her hips, tilting her head to look up at Arick with an expectant expression, letting the roar of the crowd wash over her as if she couldn't even hear it.
"That's where you're wrong, little sister," Arick said, leaning towards her.  His eyes swept up and down her body, and a hungry smile appeared on his face.  "It looks to me like you got plenty there to gamble with!"
Another round of laughter, shouting, and hollering followed, and eventually Arick waved his arms in annoyance to quiet the crowd down a bit.  He towered over her and set his hand on her shoulder with surprising gentleness, gesturing at the target board with his other hand.  The board had two large targets drawn on it.
"Two targets," he explained.  "Two knives, one per target.  Whoever hits the closest bull's eye on both targets wins the contest.  Does that sound easy enough for you?"
"What if you get one and I get one?"
"Then it's a tie, and we do it over until one of us wins."
"And what are the stakes?" she asked.
"I'll tell you the stakes," Arick laughed.  "If you win, then I'll hand over fifty vandas!  How does that sound?"
"And if you win?"
"If I win," Arick said loudly so everyone could hear, "then I'll take you upstairs and make a woman out of you!"  The crowd roared with laughter once more.
"I don't know," Sasha said, shaking her head slowly and giving Arick a playful smile.  "Those are pretty high stakes.  How about something a little bit simpler?  If I win, you give me just five vandas.  And if you win, I'll give you a kiss."
She couldn't even hear his response over the deafening roar of laughter and cheering that erupted in the tavern, so she stood there patiently and waited for the tumult to die down.  A few men across from her laughed so hard they were red in the face, and one of the waitresses behind Sasha cheered wildly in support.
Sasha may have been away from her homeland for years, but she was relieved to know that her people had not changed.  Contests and friendly competitions like this were commonplace in Aushar establishments, and part of the fun was arguing over the wager.  It was almost like a public performance.  Arick was playing along with her proposal perfectly, walking around with a thoughtful expression on his face and rubbing his chin.  
When the crowd finally quieted down enough for him to be heard, he stopped in front of her and gave her a sneaky look.  "I'll take that wager on one condition," he announced, and then waited for the requisite dramatic pause.  Leaning forward until he and Sasha were almost face to face, he pointed to his own lips and said, "You gotta kiss me right here!"
"Deal!" Sasha said and stuck out her hand.
Arick shook it firmly as the crowd around them broke out into more cheering and shouting.  Immediately, money passed hands as people in the crowd set up their own private bets on who would win.  Sasha wondered vaguely who was betting on her.  The contest wasn't really exciting on its own, and their wager was pretty tame, but Sasha guessed that some of the people in the crowd would gamble on just about anything.
"You go first, my lady," Arick said with a bow, eliciting more laughter from the crowd.
Sasha stepped up and felt the weight and the balance of the knife in her hands.  She hadn't used a throwing knife in over seven years, and whatever skill she once had with them was probably long gone.  Her muscles were not accustomed to using them, and she had never thrown these particular knives so she wasn't sure exactly how they would travel.  
But she still remembered the basics to knife throwing.  Set the distance, control the spin of the blade, aim at the target, keep the wrist firm, follow through.  She estimated the distance between herself and the target board, and carefully inched back a step.  Sometimes people tried to be clever and throw the knife by the blade, but Sasha knew better and held it by the handle.  She reared her arm back, focused on her target, and let it fly.
It whipped through the air and stuck into the board just a few inches away from the bull's eye, striking at an awkward angle so the handle pointed upwards.  It seemed to slip down a bit, as if the knife was going to fall back out, but after a tense pause, everyone cheered and clapped their hands, and Sasha let out a breath.  For a moment, she was afraid she was going to make a complete fool of herself.
"Not bad," Arick said appreciatively, nodding his head and clapping along with the others.  "Not bad at all, little sister.  But how about you watch a master at work?"
He stepped up and set his stance, held the knife out as he studied the target, and then drew his arm back to throw it.  The knife struck the board right in the center of the bull's eye, and the crowd cheered and roared again as Arick backed away, shouting and celebrating.
"This time I go first," he said with a victorious smile, picking up another knife.
He repeated his stance and once again performed an almost perfect throw, striking the bull's eye although missing the center by just a hair.  Sasha studied the board as she stepped up, ignoring the people behind her and drowning out the noise.
She had a better feel for the knife now, having thrown the first one successfully.  She edged back another half-step and let her arm move a little more loosely.  Her first throw struck a few inches to the right of where she aimed it, so she adjusted accordingly and then threw the knife with an almost casual swing of her arm.
It glanced right off the side of Arick's knife as it struck the bull's eye, and the other knife wobbled loose and fell to the floor.  Arick's mouth hung open in absolute shock, and everyone else seemed to go wild.  All the women in the audience screamed and cheered excitedly, and half a dozen stunned men just shook their heads in disbelief and paid off their losing bets.  Someone jokingly called out that Arick had finally met his match.
"I guess that's a tie," Sasha said pleasantly.
The knives were removed and brought back, and more quick wagers and bets were made.  A few people congratulated Sasha on her skill, which only made her laugh.  Their little competition somehow managed to draw more spectators as well, until it seemed like everyone in the entire tavern was watching.
Sasha went first again, and this time managed to nail the the bull's eye, causing the crowd to cry out once more.  She wondered how they still had voices after screaming and shouting so much.  Arick studied the target and threw his knife, striking just above Sasha's, but hers was still closer to the center so she won the first round.
The crowd quieted down as Arick prepared to make his throw at the second target.  Strangely, everyone seemed to take it very seriously, and by the way some of them watched, Sasha wondered just how much money they had wagered.  The actual bet between her and Arick was pretty silly, but everyone else watched the competition intensely, as if there was much more riding on the contest than just a kiss.
Arick hurled the knife and it struck just to the left of the bull's eye, a pretty poor shot for him.  He lowered his shoulders in defeat and shook his head, although there was still a smile on his face.  "Ah, I think you might have beaten me," he said as Sasha stepped up to make her second throw.  "Or maybe I just missed on purpose and I'm letting you win cause I'm such a nice person!" he added with a laugh.
Sasha's arm already felt a little sore after only three throws, and she knew that she had been incredibly lucky so far.  She still retained a bit of her former skill, but it would take long hours of practice for her to be as good as she used to be.  But she focused and held the knife firmly, and then pulled back and let it fly once more.
It struck the board with a thunk, missing the bull's eye on the right side.  The two knives looked about the same distance away from the center, so everyone paused in anticipation as one of the tavern workers measured with a stick to see who was the winner.
After a moment, he double-checked his measurement and nodded to himself before turning around and pointing his finger at Sasha.
"The young lady wins," he said simply.
The crowd went wild with excitement, and Sasha found herself to be five vandas richer.
Chapter Nine
The Job Offer

Sasha woke up and rolled over onto her back.  Thin beams of sunlight shone through slats in the window shutters to illuminate the cramped room.  Her mattress smelled like hay just scooped out of the stable.  Her head still buzzed from the night before and she groggily rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand.  
After her victory over Arick, Sasha became the center of attention.  The riotous spectators offered free drinks, and now wished that she had accepted fewer of them.  It had been too long since she drank mead, and what little alcohol tolerance she might have had was gone now, so even a few mugs were enough to make her thoroughly drunk.
Sitting up in bed, her head swam dizzily, but she didn't think she was going to be sick, which was a good thing.  As she laced up her boots, she tried to remember everything she said the night before and who she said it to.  She didn't tell anyone her real name, thank the Warden, but she gossiped and chatted with a lot of people, and now tried to keep her stories straight.
My name is Orshana Snowcrown, she thought.  I'm from Nomad Haven but I've been living in Dragon's Tooth for three years and I haven't been to Aushara since I was a child.  My mother got pregnant from a Verdan merchant and moved south with him, but they both died when I was a teenager and I have no other family.  I'm trying to find work with a caravan or some other way to travel north before the weather gets too bad to travel.
Actually, that's not too far from the truth.
When she stood up, she nearly banged her head on one of the ceiling boards.  A taller person would have to stoop to even come inside.  Her room was on the third floor of a very cheap inn, the only kind she could afford at the moment.
She pulled on her leather vest and patted her pockets, finding a few coins inside.  She only won five vandas from Arick, but some of the gamblers who bet on her shared their winnings in appreciation.  She counted eight vandas in her pocket.  Not exactly a fortune, but enough to get something to eat.  The rest of her money from the night before went to pay for the inn.
Dimly, she remembered that she foolishly let slip that she didn't have anywhere to spend the night.  There was no shortage of men offering to let her share their bed.  She managed to turn them all down, but then Arick - or one of his friends, she didn't even remember who - told her about the inn and gave her directions to get there.
I'm supposed to meet him today, she realized with a start.  He said he might have a job lined up and I said I would meet him at the Wolf's Head this afternoon.
She tried to remember what else Arick told her, but too many drinks and too many people talking to her at once blurred it all into a hazy jumble of conversation.  She didn't remember exactly what kind of job he was offering, but she was willing to listen, since she had nothing better to do.
She left the inn a little while later and looked up at the building to see that it was just as shabby on the outside as it was on the inside.  It was built almost right up against the city's outer wall, or at least it looked that way.  It might have originally been built straight and then simply begun to lean against the wall instead.  It was cramped in between a shady-looking tavern and a fish market that made the entire street stink of fish.
She started walking until she found the main concourse again.  It was still somewhat early, but the street seemed even less busy and less crowded than the day before.  There was still a fair number of sellers, but few people walked around to browse the merchandise.
First, she went to the stables to check on Dusty.  She handed over a few more coins to pay for Dusty's care for another day or two, and then spent a few minutes in his stable brushing him and talking in a soothing voice.  The horse fidgeted and shook its head, but seemed calm enough when Sasha brushed his mane.
The stableboy handed her some chopped vegetables to feed him.  "It's all right," she said tenderly, holding the vegetables under his mouth and patting his snout with her other hand.  Dusty munched down the snacks and flapped his tail once or twice to swish away some flies.  
"I know you're used to going riding everyday, but we have to stay here another day or two."
Dusty bobbed his head and Sasha gave his brow a good scratch.  She still didn't know a whole lot about horses in general, but after spending several tendays with Dusty as her only constant companion, she was quite attached to him.  
After she left the stable, she head back down the main marketplace.  When she made it farther down the street, she noticed the Morend seller that she traded her knife to the day before.  He worked with two other men, busily packing up the remainder of his weapons on a large wooden cart.
He glanced over his shoulder and saw Sasha standing there, and took a moment to walk over to her, wiping sweat off his brow with the sleeve of his green tunic.
"I'm afraid I'm taking my business elsewhere," he informed her.  "I hope that sword has served you well so far."
"I haven't had a chance to test it yet," she admitted with a smile.  "But I have some money today, so I can buy a scabbard if you have one."
"Ah, wonderful!" the merchant said, his eyes brightening.  He quickly dug through his booth and pulled out a stiff leather scabbard and belt, and she gave him a few coins to pay for it.
"You were the only customer I had yesterday," he said as he handed it to her.  "And now my only customer today as well.  I thank you."
"Where are you headed?" Sasha asked, putting the belt on.  "Aushara, by any chance?"
"No, I'm not supplied to travel north," he said, and then drew somewhat closer and spoke in a lower voice.  "I'm returning to Morenda, truth be told.  But I'm hesitant to admit that to the officials here."
"Why?"
"Two days ago, they attempted to prevent a merchant from leaving the city.  They claimed he still owed them taxes for the merchandise he sold, but some of my associates believe that is not the case.  They think the Verdan authorities hoped to strong-arm him into staying in the city, because they felt that his departure would set a bad example."
"Is it getting that bad?" Sasha asked, feeling concerned.
"The Verdan officials are beginning to panic," the Morend said conspiratorially.  "Each day more merchants are leaving, and soon this entire city will be without the trade it thrives on.  When that happens, I would not want to still be here, if I were you."
"Thank you for the advice," she said, sliding her sword into the new scabbard.  The sword was a tight fit, so she could not draw it very quickly, but it was far better than letting the sword hang loose where she could cut herself on it.
"You're very welcome.  After all, you're my best customer."
He headed back to his cart to help finish loading the last few swords.  Then the other men, his employees, began to break down the tables and walls of the booth.  Sasha watched for a moment and then did not want to draw any more attention to it, so she began to walk away, but the merchant called to her.
"My lady," he said.  "Forgive me, but I don't know your name."
"I'm Orshana Snowcrown."
The Morend merchant bowed.  "It has been a pleasure, Lady Snowcrown.  If you ever come to Farason in Morenda, please look me up.  My name is Astor Valleystar."
"I will," Sasha promised.  "Thank you again."
Down by the fountain, she saw another merchant packing up his goods, and this one was being watched by a trio of Verdan guards from the Emperor's Legion.  The tension seemed to settle like a thick fog around the entire street, and the other vendors and sellers watched unhappily as the merchant disassembled his tables.  The presence of the Verdan guards was effectively scaring off any potential customers, making the situation even worse.  Sasha kept her gaze on the ground as she hurried down the adjacent street in the direction of the Wolf's Head tavern.
A Verdan woman with long blonde hair and dressed in a blue robe was standing along the sidewalk, arguing in hushed voices with a Morend man in a bright green sash over a chain mail vest.  He glanced at Sasha and she looked away, minding her own business.  
" - have to do something," the woman hissed.
"Quiet," the man snapped.  "Not here in public."
Sasha increased her pace until she made it to the Wolf's Head, and sighed with relief as she went to the door.  When she tried to push it open, she nearly walked right into it.  To her surprise, the door was locked.
She knocked hesitantly, and stood back as the metal bolt over the door's eye hole slid open, and a pair of dark brown eyes glared at her.
"Okay," she heard a muffled voice say, and then the bolt slid shut.  There was the clunk of a wooden bar being pulled away, and then the door opened just long enough for Sasha to be ushered inside.  The man at the door closed it quickly and put the bar back in place.
"What's going on?" Sasha asked.  "Are you closed for business?"
"Something like that," the man said vaguely.
The tavern was about half full, but the crowd seemed very different this morning.  There was no laughter or singing or loud gambling going on, and most of the people simply sat at their tables eating their meals or drinking their mead with a sour expression on their face.  Some of them looked up at Sasha with a suspicious glance, but no one said anything to her.
"Can I help you?" the bartender said.  The male bartender from the night before was not working now, and a very plump woman with dark red hair and a tight-fitting gray dress stood behind the bar.  Her dress was low cut in the front, and her huge breasts seemed ready to pop out the top.
"What's going on outside?" Sasha asked curiously.
The bartender shook her head.  "We just got word about half an hour ago.  The Union of Northern Blacksmiths is leaving the city, but they haven't told the Arawend Council yet.  It's gonna be bad news when that happens.  Real bad news."
They were the largest united guild of Aushar blacksmiths and weaponsmiths involved in trade in Verdana, Sasha knew.  She was no expert in such matters, but she was pretty sure that the Union effectively controlled all Aushar trade in weapons and metal goods coming into Verdana, and specifically into the city of Arawend.
"That ain't even all of it," the bartender continued, wiping down some mugs with her apron.  "When the Morends hear about it, they're gonna pack up and leave too.  Things are gonna get awful tense around here."
"I saw two different Morend merchants packing up their booths just this morning."
"It's already starting, then.  All the business and trade is drying right up and there ain't nothing they can do to stop it.  Once the Morends start leaving town, that will be the end of it.  This whole town will close right up without money flowing in.  Heck, we might have to close the tavern if it gets much worse."
"That's terrible," Sasha said sympathetically.
"Ain't nothing we can do about it either," the bartender said with a shrug.  "Did you want to order some breakfast, honey?"
Sasha shrugged.  "Sorry, I don't have much money on me.  I'm actually here to meet someone today.  His name's Arick something."
The bartender's eyes perked up.  "Oh, Arick?  I know who you mean.  He's got a room upstairs, but he ain't here right now.  He went out early to do some scouting ahead for Dragonwind and his crew.  He'll probably be back before too long."
"Okay," Sasha said.  "I guess I'll just wait for him."
The rear corner of the tavern, packed to capacity the night before, was mostly empty now except for a few older men hunched over their meals of porridge and bread.  Their red hair was going gray, and they were dressed in shaggy fur cloaks.  
The target board was still on the wall, covered in knife marks.  Sasha found one of the throwing knives on the floor by the wall and picked it up.  
"You don't mind if I practice, do you?" she asked one of the old men.
He peered at her and then gave her a toothy smile.  "You go right ahead, sweetie.  If I was a younger man, I would show you a thing or two."
She flipped the knife in her hand, feeling its weight.  Throwing knives was a tricky skill, and she'd gotten incredibly lucky the night before.  She carefully judged the distance between herself and the target board, and then stepped forward.  The first trick was simply to calculate the distance, and control the spin of the knife so the blade struck the target instead of the handle.  That alone took a considerable amount of practice to master.  Only when you learned that part, could you focus on aiming and accuracy.
Her father taught her how to throw knives, but he trained her to throw them at human targets and not wooden ones.  If throwing knives into a wooden bull's eye was merely difficult, throwing them into a moving target that wore armor and carried a sword was nearly impossible.  But once upon a time, she'd been pretty good at it.
She hurled the knife and it struck the target a few inches short of the bull's eye.  It would take hours and hours of practice to get back to her previous level of skill.  But the same could be said of her skill with a sword and axe.  The truth was, she was in no condition to be wielding a sword at all.  Until she strengthened her arms and built up some more muscle, she would not be any good in a fight.  But all she had was time.  It might take her a year or more, but she could get back into her old fighting condition.  It wasn't like she had anything better to do.
After each throw of the knife, she had to walk and retrieve it from the board.  After awhile, her arm grew tired and she absentmindedly rubbed her biceps.  She sighed and gave the knife one more toss, and it struck home with a thunk.
"Not bad, little sister," came a voice behind her.
She turned to find Arick standing there, leaning against one of the tables, his thick arms crossed over his chest.  He wore the same black pants as the night before, although now he sported short swords hanging from gilded scabbards on both hips.  He wore a black leather vest left unbuttoned, and his muscular arms were bare.  His hair was still a tangled mess, but he seemed calm and relaxed, very unlike the energetic loudmouth from the night before.
"You weren't trying to hustle me last night, now were you?" he asked casually.
Sasha shrugged.  "I never said I didn't know how to throw knives.  But that doesn't mean I'm good at it.  Besides, I think you let me win."
He shrugged as well, as if mocking her.  "Maybe I did.  I was getting tired."
"Tired?  I was surprised you could still stand, considering how much mead you drank."
He chuckled.  "Oh, I'd have to drink twice that much for it to really affect me.  You got wobbly on your feet after just a few mugs."
"Well, it's been awhile since I had any."
"You said your name's Orshana, right?"
"That's right.  Orshana Snowcrown.  I don't know your last name."
"Hammercloud," he said smoothly.  "Arick Hammercloud."
Sasha walked up to him.  "To be honest, I don't remember exactly what you told me last night.  You mentioned a job of some kind, but that's about it."
Arick offered her a chair.  "Take a seat and we can talk about it."
He ordered some breakfast and a waitress brought over two bowls of spiced porridge and glasses of water.  She flirted openly with Arick and gave him a cute wink as she leaned forward, practically thrusting her bosom in his face.  Arick smiled pleasantly and then sent her on her way, and she glanced over to give Sasha a dirty look as she returned to the bar.
Sasha didn't much care what the waitress thought.  She picked up her spoon and dug into her porridge immediately.  Her last meal was a piece of fruit the day before and she was ravenous.  
"Hungry?" Arick asked, raising an eyebrow.
Sasha paused, her mouth full of food, and then she chewed a bit and swallowed.  "Yes," she said matter-of-factly.  "I might as well enjoy my meal, since I don't know when I'll get my next one.  I'm pretty much broke."
Arick leaned back, draping his arm over the back of the chair.  He casually took a bite from his porridge and looked around the tavern.  "So you came all the way to Arawend without a vanda to your name?  I wouldn't have taken you for a destitute beggar."
"Well, I had some money when I left Dragon's Tooth, but I spent it on the way here to pay for meals and things like that."
"You won some money last night, if I remember correctly."
She dug into her pocket and set the last couple coins on the table.  "I spent most of it already.  That's all I have left."
"No wonder you're broke."
"I had to pay for a room at the inn," she said, "plus I have a horse at the stable, so I had to pay for that too.  It's a good thing some of those guys were so generous with their winnings last night, or I couldn't even have afforded that."
"They were trying to get into bed with you."
"Well, I woke up with all my clothes on, so it looks like none of them succeeded."
Arick laughed at that.  "I bet they were heartbroken.  You're very pretty, you know, even if you are half-Verdan.  If you don't mind me saying so."
"You're not half-bad looking yourself," Sasha said.  "I bet you clean up real nice."
Arick chuckled and scratched his chin, which now sported a bit of fuzz since he hadn't shaved.  "Is that a proposition?  If you like, we can pretend I won the contest last night, and I'll take you upstairs right now."
"Maybe later," Sasha said, and scooped another spoonful of porridge into her mouth.
"So," Arick said, changing the subject, "you're looking for work, you said.  Trying to hook up with a group traveling back north?"  He took another bite of his porridge and then pushed the bowl aside.
"I can't make the trip by myself," Sasha explained, "especially not this time of year.  I thought I could tag along with a merchant caravan or something."
"What kind of work can you do?"
"Whatever I can.  Cooking, cleaning, I can hunt and I know how to fix things."
Arick glanced down at her scabbard.  "You know how to use that thing too?"
"Well enough, but I'm out of practice.  I can fight in self-defense, but I don't think anyone would hire me as a bodyguard."
"Out of practice?" Arick asked with a smile.
"I've worked in a tavern for the past two years.  I used to know how to use a sword pretty well, but I haven't needed one in a long time.  I've only had this one for a couple days, and I haven't had time to practice with it."
Arick seemed to accept her explanation, but Sasha worried about it and knew she made a mistake by saying she was out of practice.  She should have just said that she wasn't very good with a sword and left it at that.  She didn't want to make anyone curious about her background.  Her identity should remain a secret until she was out of Verdana completely.
"Hey Arick!" someone shouted in greeting as they came in the front door.
Arick waved with a smile.  "Morning, Drase."
"You heard the news?"
"Of course.  I was there when they took the vote."
"So what's gonna happen now?"
"That remains to be seen."
She finished her bowl of porridge and leaned back in her chair, wiping her mouth and then folding her hands in her lap.  The food was pretty bland, but it filled her stomach, and she felt much better having eaten a hot meal.
When Arick finished talking with the other man, she said, "You must be a pretty popular guy around here.  Everybody seems to know who you are."
"I spend most of my free time here."
"What kind of work do you do?"
"I work for Bayron Wolfhunter.  Do you know him?"
"Can't say I've heard of him."
"You know the Emperor's Delegation, of course?"
"Yes," Sasha said in a tight voice.  She had only learned of the Delegation recently, during her trip to Arawend.  It was a group of appointed Verdan and Aushar officials who represented the Verdan government's interests in Aushara.  In effect, they were the central governing body in Aushara since the Emperor King took control of the nation.  The Council of Aushar Chiefs still technically held higher authority, but no one truly believed they were the ones in charge.  Even before the death of the Aushar King Robern Blackmane, the Council of Chiefs was notoriously corrupt and ineffectual.  Their infighting and bickering after Blackmane's death led to the collapse of the Aushar government in the first place.
"Bayron Wolfhunter's an administrator for the Delegation.  He oversees certain aspects of trade and commerce between Aushara and Verdana.  I work as a middleman between his office in Arawend and the heads of the local smithing guilds."
Arick explained it as if he had memorized an official statement and was just repeating it verbatim.  Sasha got the impression that Arick was more of an enforcer and a problem-solver, evidenced by the swords hanging from his belt, and she was certain that he intended her to understand that implicitly.  His job was probably more along the lines of threatening people who didn't pay their guild dues, collecting and handing out bribes, gathering information, and muscling in on other business interests in the city.
"You must be busy this morning, then," Sasha said.
"Actually, I'm not busy at all right now."
"I heard the Aushar blacksmith guilds are leaving the city."
"They are.  That's why I have nothing to do.  Once they cast their votes, by job became pretty much irrelevant.  That's why I was drinking it up last night."
"I'm not really up to date on all the political stuff here, so maybe this is a stupid question.  But does your boss want the guilds to leave Arawend?  I mean, is this a positive thing for you?"
Arick glanced around the tavern, possibly trying to see if anyone was listening in to their conversation.  There were a few other tables of customers chatting with each other, but no one seemed to be paying them any special attention.  He sighed a bit and then leaned forward, setting his elbows on the table.
"Well," he said carefully, "that's a complicated question.  Let's just say that certain people will benefit from the Union's decision and some people won't.  To be honest, it's a political move more than an economic one."
"And it all started because of Riverstorm's death?"
"Not exactly.  If they had named a new Emperor King right away, then nothing would have changed, but they're taking so long that it's put a strain on all the city governments, not just Arawend."
Sasha didn't want to risk asking too many questions.  So she changed the subject instead, "So you said you might have work for me?  Is that still the case?"
"I had something in mind, but it doesn't really matter now.  I don't think you'll have any problems finding a caravan to join up with."
It took a second for her to realize what he meant.  "All the Aushar are going to leave the city, aren't they?" she asked, almost in surprise.
Arick nodded sagely.  "It would be the smart thing to do."
"Wow," Sasha muttered, slumping back in her seat.  She almost couldn't believe how fortunate she was to arrive in Arawend exactly when she did.  If she had been delayed just a few days, she might have arrived too late.
"As a matter of fact," Arick said, "I'm leaving tomorrow morning, myself.  Wolfhunter, my boss, is in White Flame right now, working with the Delegation.  After all, this is essentially a trade issue, so he's very involved in what's going on.  I'm traveling to White Flame to report directly to him.  You can come with me, if you like."
"Why me?"
He gave her a smile that was probably meant to be charming, but it reminded Sasha of a wolf catching scent of its prey.  "What can I say?  I thought we could get to know each other a little better.  You seem like an interesting person.  A pretty young woman who can beat me in a knife-throwing contest?  Besides, I like half-Verdan girls."
Sasha gave him an incredulous look.  "Are you serious?  That job you were going to offer me didn't involve me lying on my back, now did it?"
Arick chuckled and then shrugged theatrically.  "Okay, fine, I admit it.  I was lying about the job offer.  I just wanted to talk to you without all those people around.  You aroused my curiosity last night."
"Well, it better be the only thing of yours that got aroused."
"Hey, I'm a gentleman," he said, raising his hands defensively.  "And you're a lonely young woman in the big city all by herself without a vanda to her name.  I'm just trying to help you out."
"And I appreciate it," Sasha said seriously.  "Honestly, I do.  And I appreciate that you bought me breakfast.  But I'm not interested in warming your bed at night, if that's the only reason you want me to travel with you.  I'll find a merchant caravan and do some honest work.  Don't mistake me for some helpless maiden who needs a man to protect her, or some desperate snowbride willing to spread her legs for the first man to come by, so get those ideas out of your head."
"I didn't mean to imply you were either of those things," Arick said evenly.  "Please accept my apology if I gave you that impression.  Like I said, you caught my interest, that's all.  Besides, helpless maidens don't carry swords, and you are way too pretty to be a snowbride."
Somehow, the comment made Sasha laugh.  She had expected Arick to get defensive or offended at her accusation, or at the very least assume she wasn't worth the trouble to talk to anymore.  Aushar women were known for their fiery tempers and tendency to speak their mind, but even that had its limits.  In Sasha's admittedly limited experience, very few men calmly accepted it when a woman put them in their place.  The man currently sitting across from her was very different than the drunken braggart she met the night before.  His calm, respectful reaction impressed her far more than his attempts at being charming.
"Okay," she said, trying to wipe the smile from her face.  "As long as we're clear on that."
"Perfectly clear," Arick replied.  "And the offer still stands, if you're interested."
"So you're going all the way to White Flame?  And you're traveling alone?"
"For part of the trip.  First, I'm joining up with the Red Guard for the journey up the Hale Road.  Once we reach Long Hearth, I'll make the rest of the trip myself.  You wanted to join with a caravan, right?  I'm sure I can talk them into letting you join us."
"What's the Red Guard?"
"They're an Aushar martial order.  Right now, they work for the blacksmith guilds, providing security and things like that.  Their commander is a man named Farakas Dragonwind."
"Dragonwind?  I know that name."
Arick nodded.  "His father was Theras Dragonwind, one of Blackmane's advisers."
Sasha let out a disgusted laugh and shook her head.  "From what I heard, Theras Dragonwind was more loyal to Verdana than Aushara.  What's his son like?"
"He's a good man," Arick said seriously.  "Trust me, he's nothing like his father.  Lonar Stonecrest runs the Union of Blacksmiths and he's about as loyal to Aushara as they come, and he trusts Dragonwind, so that's good enough for me."
"All right, then it's good enough for me too."
"I'll talk to Dragonwind tonight and let him know.  We're leaving tomorrow morning, so I hope you'll be ready by then," Arick said.
"I'll try to clear up my busy schedule," Sasha said with a grin.  "I need to find some warmer clothes, that's all.  I don't even have a pair of gloves.  That'll be my mission for today."
"I thought you didn't have any money."
"I don't.  I said I was going to find some clothes, not buy some."
"Well, I suppose I could help you with that."
"Really?"
"Lots of Aushar will be leaving the city soon on very short notice," Arick explained, "and unlike you, they won't have time to pack all their belongings.  I'm sure we can find someone willing to donate some winter clothes for you."
"That would be wonderful," Sasha said.  She leaned forward and gave him a winning smile.  "But you know, if you keep helping me out like this, I'm going to get suspicious.  Remember what I said earlier.  Or are you always this generous to pretty girls you've just met?"
Arick let his gaze drift down her body.  "Yes, always."
Chapter Ten
The Training Session

Arick rarely traveled along the street.  It turned out there was an underground maze of basement hallways and corridors that connected all of the buildings along the entire block.  He led Sasha to the back of the tavern and down a set of stairs that led to the cellar.  It occurred to Sasha that this was how Arick had entered the tavern that morning, since she didn't hear him come in the front door.
The hallway was wide enough for two people to walk side by side, and smelled of mildew and wet dirt.  It was illuminated by glowing white stones set into small indentations in the wall, at regular intervals down the hallway.
"I've never seen something like that before," Sasha said.  It was technically a lie, since she saw them at Dandrakan.  "How do they work?"
Arick shrugged.  "It's some kind of special kind of stone they get from Orthasa.  They leave them out in the sun all day and they'll glow like that for awhile.  They use them all throughout the city instead of using candles or lanterns."
Doors and narrow entranceways led to small supply rooms, storerooms, and rooms that Sasha guessed were living quarters for the poorer citizens of Arawend, or perhaps for the employees of the buildings above them.
"We should probably avoid the streets right now," Arick explained.  "By now the Union has told the Council that they're leaving.  The Verdan guards will probably go out of their way to harass any Aushar they see."
"Will it really get that bad?"
"I think so.  Arawend lives on trade, and right now there's a huge power grab going on among the Verdan nobility because they still haven't chosen a new King.  It's going to get ugly real fast."
"Why don't they just choose a stupid King, then?" Sasha asked.  "I thought they believed their Emperor King was granted his powers by their Holy Judge or something.  Why doesn't the High Council just pick someone?  They have to know that the longer they argue about it, the worse things are going to get."
"They do know that," Arick said as he ducked under a low arch.  He headed up a stone staircase and Sasha followed him.  At the top of the stairs was a wide wooden door with heavy metal hinges.  Arick rapped on the door a few times and waited for an answer.
"Remember when the Council of Chiefs fell apart?" Arick said.  "The exact same thing is happening in Arlora right now.  The High Council and the nobles are infighting and trying to sabotage each other, and some of them are actively seeking a lasting political deadlock in order to gain power once the dust settles."
"Just like what happened in Aushara," Sasha said.  "You're right."
Arick knocked on the door again and heard someone yelling from the other side.
"So if the Verdan government collapses," Sasha said, half to herself.  "What does that mean for Aushara?  Are we ??"
She let the thought remain unspoken.  Are we going to throw off the control of the Delegation and regain our independence?
Arick looked over his shoulder at her and gave her a cryptic smile.  "That is an interesting question," he said, reading her mind.  "Once we return to Aushara, I'm sure we'll find out the answer."
There was a bang on the other side of the door and the clank of a metal lock bar being removed, and then door creaked open.  A middle-aged Aushar woman in a drab gray dress opened up and peeked out, her expression worrisome until she saw Arick.
"Arick," she said.  "What are you doing here?"
"I need to talk with Chane if he's not busy."
"He's busy," the woman said.  "You know what's going on."
"Fine," Arick said.  "Just let me in the back and let me pick up a few things.  You can tell Chane about it later.  It'll only take a few minutes."
She opened the door and let Arick and Sasha inside.  They were in a wide room with couches and tables arranged in a circle.  The floor was stone but it had a thick red carpet and drapes hanging on the walls.  Sasha could hear people talking in a nearby room.  The woman led them through another hallway that branched off into two cramped rooms in the back.
"Call me when you're done," she said, "so I can lock the door after you leave."
The two rooms were loaded with crates and barrels and piles of furs and other clothing, everything from thin tunics to heavy boots and even billowing multicolored robes like the kind people from Orthasa might wear.  Arick immediately began digging through a pile of jackets and coats, looking for something the right size.
"What is this place?" Sasha asked.  "One of the merchant's homes?"
"Yeah, he's a friend of mine.  He stores old stuff back here, cheaper stuff he can't sell.  I know he'll leave most of this behind, so he won't mind if we take some of it."
"Are you sure?"
"Trust me.  Here, try this on."
He handed her a sturdy leather jacket with well-worn elbows and a few missing buttons down the front.  It was a tight fit, so they tried a few more until Sasha found one that she felt comfortable in.  She also took a thicker winter parka with a fur-lined hood, and two pairs of heavy fur pants, hanging them over her shoulder as they moved to the next room, where Arick found some gloves and a fur cap that she could pull down around her ears.
"Boots," Arick said, looking down at her feet.  They found a pair of thick leather boots that were small but very durable and warm, so Sasha just decided to take off the boots she was wearing and put the other ones one, rather than carry the other pair.
The clothes didn't match and they were all very worn and used, but she would certainly stay warm.  Her Charms could create warmth when she needed it, but it still was more practical to bundle up against the cold and only use Charms when she had to.
"Let me see that sword," Arick said.
Sasha handed it to Arick, who scoffed at it and set it aside.  "I think we can find you something better than that."
He dug around inside a crate and found a good short sword with a thicker base and a slightly longer blade.  It had a nicely-wrapped handle and Sasha liked the feel of it.  If she had known that she could get all this equipment for free, she wouldn't have bothered dealing with the Morend merchant.  Arick found a better scabbard for the sword as well as a good Aushar hunting knife and a sheath for that too.
"I think that's everything," Sasha said.  "I can't carry much more."
"Here, let me have some of it."  Arick tucked the parka and pants under his arm while Sasha held the jacket and the rest.
"You're sure it's okay for us to just take this stuff?  I feel bad not paying for it."
"Chane won't mind, he probably owes me a favor anyway."
"I guess that means I owe you a favor now too."
Arick chuckled as they headed back to the main room.  "You owe me a couple of favors now.  I let you win last night, I paid for breakfast, I got you these clothes.  You're pretty deep in debt to me already."
"That's just great," Sasha muttered.
Arick called out to the woman as they left and she came over to lock the door behind them.  They descended the steps and continued down the long hallways until they reached a locked metal gate at the far end.  Arick procured a set of keys from an inner pocket and unlocked the gate for them.
Another set of stairs led them up into a wide room with straw mats on the floor, dimly lit by the sputtering flames of tiny oil lamps.  Arick dumped Sasha's clothes on the floor and then lit a candle, using used it to light more lamps until the basement flickered with light.  Sasha set the other clothes down as well and looked around.
It was a large combat practice area, complete with old racks of wooden swords and axes with battered edges.  There were a few fighting dummies stuffed with straw and some punching bags hanging in the corner, each with various holes in the thin fabric where straw poked out.  Sasha could tell that this practice area was still in use, even though there was no one there now.
"What are we doing here?" she finally asked.
Arick unbuckled his belt and set it aside with his two swords.  "Well, I thought you might want to get a refresher course with that sword of yours.  You said you haven't had time to practice with it yet, right?"
He went over to the rack and draw out a long wooden sword that was dented and gouged from long mock battles.  Slashing the air with it a few times, he seemed satisfied with it.  He gestured for Sasha to take one for herself.
Instead, Sasha crossed her arms and looked at him.  
"Why are you doing all of this?" she asked, honestly curious.  "At first I thought you were just trying to flirt with me or something, but now I'm not so sure."
Arick spread his hands innocently.  "I have nothing better to do right now.  If you're going to travel with us, I might as well get an idea of how good you are with that sword."
"I don't believe you."
"Why not?"
Sasha took a moment to glance around the room.  They were alone down here, and Arick had positioned himself in between her and the door.  She had the uncomfortable feeling that she had walked right into a trap.  No one in this entire city knew her, and she had stupidly walked into a secluded space with a strange man she'd just met.  She felt the urge to draw her new sword, just in case he tried anything.  But then she realized that if Arick truly had sinister intentions, he wouldn't have given her a weapon to defend herself with.
She said, "It seems like a very strange coincidence that I just wandered into that bar last night and met you, and now you're giving me free clothes and free training sessions.  I feel like this is some sort of joke."
"I told you already, I like you," he replied, waving the wooden sword back and forth, keeping his eyes on her.  "Nothing strange about that.  You're a woman and I'm a man.  Maybe I'm just trying to impress you."
"I'm too suspicious to be impressed."
"You're the suspicious type, I think.  Go on and grab a practice sword."
"Is this another contest?  Are we making a wager?"
"If you want to."
"What if I want to leave here right now?"
"What's the matter?  Don't you trust me?"
"I guess I'm the suspicious type."
Arick propped his wooden sword up on his shoulder.  "If you want to head back to the tavern, that's fine with me."
Sasha waited another few moments, and then carefully removed her sword and scabbard and leaned it against the wall.  The wooden swords had smooth handles from years of use, and she drew one from the rack and swept it through the air a few times.  She was more comfortable with an axe in her hands, but using a sword was more common, so she chose a sword.  Arick gave her an eager grin and smoothly moved into a fighting stance.
"So when's the last time you sparred with someone?"
"About five or six years," she said, which was almost true.
"We'll take it slow, then."
Standing about fifteen feet across from him, Sasha slid her left foot forward and balanced on her right foot, holding the sword in her right hand, leaving the unprotected side of her body facing forward.  It was not a traditional stance, and Arick watched her curiously.
She remembered her father's words from a lifetime ago.  Men are going to underestimate you because you're a woman and you're smaller than they are.  Use that to your advantage.  If they think you're an easy target, they won't bother with anything fancy, they'll just come straight at you, and you can use it against them.
"So what's the wager?" she asked softly, gripping the sword handle tight.
Arick brushed his hair over his shoulder.  "How about the same as last night?  You win, I'll give you a few vandas.  I win, and you give me a kiss."
"Okay," Sasha said.
"Are you ready?"
"Yes."
He was on her in the blink of an eye, rushing forward and swinging the sword quickly to the right, aiming at her undefended side.  But she spun sideways, pivoting on her back foot, and slashed down, knocking his blade away as she danced backwards, letting his momentum send him right past her.  
He caught himself with a laugh and swung back, slightly off-balance, and Sasha ducked away from the blunt wooden blade.  Even though it wasn't sharp, getting struck with it would leave a nasty bruise.
"Excellent!" he laughed.  "Very well done!"
He came at her again, swinging the wooden blade down at her again and again, sometimes from the side and sometimes overhead.  Sasha blocked and deflected each strike without too much difficulty, although it was clear that Arick was pulling his punches.  He slashed downward, and Sasha held her blade up sideways to block the strike and let the sword slip by her side as she stepped away.  The sound of their wooden swords cracking against each other echoed off the stone walls.  
But she wasn't as fast as she used to be, her movements not as fluid and automatic as they once were.  She quickly backed away, her breath coming fast, her hand starting to sting from the impacts on the sword.  Once, she could have acted out practice maneuvers like this for an hour without even breaking a sweat, but now she was already growing tired, her arm beginning to ache.
Arick, on the other hand, was just getting started.  He laughed energetically and rushed at her again, mixing up his attacks to keep her on her feet.  She managed to deflect and dodge then all, but she was panting for breath now, and her movements grew sluggish and clumsy.
"Getting tired?" Arick asked as he circled around her.
"Maybe," Sasha said, moving her sword to her left hand.  She wasn't as good with her left, but her right arm was getting sore and she needed a break.  Arick watched her switch hands with interest, trying to decide if she actually knew how to wield a sword with her left hand or not.  He wore two swords, so he must have trained to wield both, but most people only trained to use a sword in their right hand.
Again, her father's words came to her.  Defending is easier than attacking.  If someone thinks they're stronger than you, let them come and prove it.  Let them tire themselves out attacking you, and then move in for the kill.
"You seem to know what you're doing, I'll give you that."
"Thanks for such glowing praise."
"You want to stop now?"
"I don't think so," she said, shaking her head.  "If you want a kiss from me, you're going to have to earn it."
"Good!  I like a woman who plays hard to get."
"No wonder you like me so much.  I'm very hard to get."
Her sword leaped up in defense as he lunged at her, aiming right at her head, and the swords collided with a loud crack.  With a skillful feint to the left, he then surged right and swung down at her leg, and she barely managed to skip out of the way, her own sword slashing down at his exposed arm before swinging back up to block another fast strike aimed at her chest.
Gasping for breath, she backed away, holding the sword upright, now with both hands.  Arick coolly walked around her, swishing the sword left and right, watching her carefully.  Both her forearms throbbed in pain from the heavy impacts on the sword, and although she didn't let the pain show in her face, her forehead was dotted with sweat.
Arick quickly moved in and backed her almost into the corner, not giving her any room to move sideways.  She risked a few clumsy swipes at him, but she was too tired and her motions were slow and predictable, and he swept them aside like bothersome insects.
Finally, he tired of the game and pressed his attack, bashing his sword against hers and pushing her towards the wall to back her into a corner.  Sasha held her blade sideways and tried to push him back, but he was just too strong.  He pinned her to the wall, their wooden blades forming a cross between them.
"You're pretty good," he said casually, leaning in close.  "But I think you need some more training.  You know how to defend yourself, but I think you need some help in learning how to attack a bit.  I would love the opportunity to train you."
"I bet you would," Sasha grunted, pushing him back an inch.
"You need to build up some muscle," he continued, ignoring her comment.  "And you need to work on your endurance and your stamina.  But you know that already.  So how about tonight we spend some nice private time alone in my bedroom, just you and me, and we'll start with some intense physical exercise to begin your training?"
Sasha pushed him back with all her strength, and then she simply let her legs drop out from under her.  She fell right to the floor, and Arick, still pushing forward, flew over her head, crashing right into the wall, his head smacking against the stone.
He collapsed on top of her and she kicked him off, knocking him onto his back, where he lay dazed, groaning in pain.  Sasha wearily got up and then stepped over him to kick his sword away.  She straddled his chest and put her own sword against his throat.
"Do you yield?" she asked, panting for breath.
"What?" Arick mumbled.
"Do you yield?" she asked again.
He rubbed his forehead, blinking away the pain, and slowly realized what happened.  Then he just lay back, his arms at his sides.  "Oh, you tricky little wench," he groaned, raising his hands to his head again.
"Sorry about your head.  I hope it doesn't hurt too much."
"It hurts like blazes."  He took a second to glance at his hands, checking for blood.  "Help me up, would you?"
"Do you yield?"
He sighed and closed his eyes.  "Yes, I yield."
"Then I would love to help you up."
When he was on his feet, he held his hand against the side of his head and staggered a bit.  Sasha examined his forehead, but it didn't look like he was seriously hurt.  He wasn't bleeding and there was no immediate swelling.  She didn't feel all that bad for him, truth be told, but she apologized again just the same.
"You owe me some money," she reminded him as she gathered up her things.  "Pay for my room at the inn tonight and we'll call it even."
"How about you save the money and spend the night with me instead?"
"Some other time.  I don't want to hurt you again."
"If you're this rough in bed, it might be worth the pain."
"Let's just head back to the tavern.  Maybe we can get something for your headache."
"You know, they say the love of a good woman can cure all ills."
"Then go find a good woman and let me know how that works out."
Arick laughed and then winced in pain.  Sasha carried all her things to the stairs and headed down, and Arick followed a few steps behind.
"I can carry some of that stuff if you want," he said.
"No thanks.  I couldn't let a wounded man carry my things."
"I think the only thing you wounded was my pride."
"Well, you deserved it."
"I suppose I did.  You really do have some skill with that sword, you know.  Can I ask where you got your training?"
"My father trained me."
"He must have been pretty good."
"Yes," Sasha said.  "He was."
Chapter Eleven
Sasha, Age 12

"Come on, then," Orden Snowfire said impatiently.  "I don't have all day, girl."
Sasha's hand trembled and her heart pounded uncomfortably.  "Are you sure about this, dad?" she asked.
"Of course I am!  Now come on and try to hit me!"
They were alone out in the hills, far from the village.  The frozen snow crunched underneath their boots, and their breath turned to white mist in the cold air.  Orden stood about ten paces away, holding a short stick in his hand that was barely larger than a spoon.  Sasha held a wooden sword as long as her arm, and it wobbled as her hand shook.
"Now!" her father shouted.
Sasha's breath caught in her throat, and she ran forward, swinging the sword down clumsily at her father's chest, utterly terrified that she might hit him.
Orden's hands moved like magic, catching the edge of the wooden blade on the short stick and deflecting it away effortlessly.  His other hand swept down to grab Sasha's arm and he twisted it just enough to send her spinning.  The sword flew away from her grasp as a shriek of surprise burst from her mouth, and she flipped over to land on her back in the hard-packed snow.
She gasped for breath and let her arms fall to her sides.  She stared up into the clear blue sky, and her father leaned over her, his face calm and composed.
"Never overswing," he said simply.  "Always keep your balance.  That's the first lesson.  The first and most important rule is to always keep your balance and maintain defense even when you're attacking.  Do you understand?"
"I think so," she said quietly.
"Then let's try it again."
They tried it about fifty more times before Orden seemed satisfied, and Sasha was so tired and sore she was barely able to stand.  She lost track of the number of times that her father dumped her onto the ground, but it was likely equal to the number of times he knocked her wooden sword away and smacked her in the chest with his tiny stick.  No matter what she did, she either swung too hard, or didn't swing hard enough, and each time she got knocked back and lectured.
"The first swing is the most important in a fight," Orden said.  "When you're both ready and full of energy, that first offensive move can set the pace for the entire encounter.  You get off balance, you over-exert yourself, and you might as well just give up.  If the other guy knows what he's doing, he'll make short work of you."
"But can't you just ? overpower them or something?  I thought that the stronger you were, the better fighter you can be."
"Strength can be a benefit, that's true, but without the knowledge and skill to make use of it, a strong man will get killed by a weaker man every time.  Speed and accuracy are more important than strength, and skill and technique can be more important than speed."
"Okay, I understand."
"And besides," Orden added, "you aren't big and strong anyway.  So your only real hope is to be fast and accurate, and then work from there.  It's not going to be easy, and I can promise you it won't be fun either.  But if you're willing to work hard, I'll train you as well as I can."
"I'll work hard," Sasha said, nodding eagerly.  "I want to be a fighter too."
"You don't have to learn to fight just to make me proud, you know.  If we're going to do this, it must be for the right reasons."
"I know, but I really want this.  I don't want to be some stupid snowbride or something.  I want to help defend our land."
Orden gave her a smile.  "I know you do, sweetheart.  How about we work on something else now?  I promise I won't have to knock you down so much this time."
They spent most of the afternoon working on how to handle a sword, how to move her hands to keep the sharp edge in front, how to swing the weapon as an extension of her arm.  How to grip the hilt, how to move the sword around without inadvertently stabbing herself, how to keep from dropping it or having it slip out of her hand.
She paid close attention to everything Orden told her, amazed at the amount of information he could give her regarding a topic that should have been so simple.  She couldn't imagine that so much training went into just holding the sword.
Then they switched to footwork, maintaining the correct stance, always keeping her balance, how to keep from tripping over her own feet.  That was much more difficult than she expected as well, and several times, Orden got her so twisted around that she tripped on her own and fell to the snow.  And she wasn't even moving that fast, they were just walking around in a circle.  Somehow, he could maneuver her into a position where she couldn't help but stumble.
"In time, it will be second nature," he said to her when she tripped over her own feet for the third time.  Grinning, he reached down and pulled her back up.  "When you get out of bed in the morning, you'll instinctively think about where your feet are.  You'll be able to keep your balance even when walking on a sheet of solid ice.  It just takes time to train your body to do it without you even thinking about it."
Sasha laughed to herself.  "And I thought we would actually be practicing some sword fighting today.  Guess I was wrong about that."
"First you have to learn the basics.  Once I'm confident you won't fall down every time you swing your sword, then I'll start showing you how to actually fight."
"Does everyone learn this way?"
"No, they don't.  Even the Legion in Verdana doesn't teach their recruits all the basics, which is why they can be defeated in battle.  Lots of fighters learn the swordplay first, and ignore the fundamentals.  So when you come across people like that, you should be able to defeat them with one hand tied behind your back."
"Really?"
Orden knelt down and stuck her wooden sword into the snow.  He set his hand on her shoulder and said seriously, "Fighting is not a game, and killing a man is not a game either.  You rush into it without thinking, you lose your balance or trip up, and it's all over for you.  But too many men think that a sword in their hand makes them invincible, and all they have to do is wave it around and they'll become a hero or something.  They don't think, they just fight.  I want you to think first always."
Sasha nodded firmly.  "Yes, dad.  I will."
He tapped her on the chest with a finger, driving his point home.  "Remember this.  Men are going to underestimate you because you're a woman and you're smaller than they are.  Use that to your advantage.  If they think you're an easy target, they won't bother with anything fancy, they'll just come straight at you, and you can use it against them."
"How long do you think it will take to train me to do that?"
Orden chuckled and mussed her hair.  "Sorry, sweetheart, but it will be a few years before you're ready to actually face someone in combat."
"Years?  I thought maybe one year might be long enough ..."
"You can learn a lot in a year.  But you need to grow up a little bit, get taller and gain some muscle before you can really learn everything there is."
"If I'm not old enough yet, why did you agree to start training me?"
"You're old enough to start your training.  Down in Orthasa, they have special schools where they start teaching children the ways of combat as soon as they learn how to walk."
"Really?"  Sasha could barely even imagine what life was like in a place like Orthasa.  It was so far away it was like another world to her.  They didn't even have snow there, she knew, and it was hot and dry all the time.  The people grew tall and slender, with dark skin and black hair.  The people from Verdana, with their blonde hair and blue eyes, seemed strange to her, but someone from Orthasa was completely alien and incomprehensible.  She didn't even know if she wanted to meet someone from that strange, distant land.
"Come on, it's getting late.  We should head home," her father said, so they packed up their things and began to start back toward the village, which was about half a league away.
By the time they arrived back in the village, the sun was setting and giving the entire sky a reddish tint.  Summer would come soon, and the weather had been very nice for the past few days, as if in preparation for the change of season.  It wouldn't be long before the snow pack began to melt and the hills became brown and green for a few tendays.
The village was noisy and festive, with everyone sitting outside to enjoy the warmer weather, seated upon benches surrounding fire pits where hunks of meat cooked and smoked.  Some of her father's men waved at him as he returned, and a few waved at Sasha as well, which made her smile.  The smell of cooking meat made her stomach rumble in anticipation.
The past five tendays saw three babies born in the village, so the air was also full of high-pitched crying from the newborns.  Children younger than Sasha bolted around the village, pelting each other with tiny snowballs.  They passed a fenced-off area sled dogs, and the animals barked and yipped as the kids ran past.  Once the weather got warm and the snow melted, the dogs would be out of a job for the short summer, and they were excited about not having to pull any sleds for awhile.
She spied her friend Harlan seated next to his father near one of the fires.  She gave him a wave, and he looked around for his mother first before waving back.  Not that his mother would do anything with his father around, Sasha knew.  The woman never grew out of her dislike for Sasha, preferring to glare at her whenever she walked by.  But the rest of the village treated Sasha like they would any other Aushar, although her father might have had something to do with that.  Sasha's background was common knowledge, although she hadn't been aware of it herself until just two years ago.  She felt like she had grown up a lot in that short time.
"Here you go, Orden," one of the men said, handing him a plate with a large hunk of meat.  "There's someone at your house.  He came in with Wolan and Grenn a few hours ago.  They're waiting there for you."
Orden tossed his pack on the ground and poured himself a mug of spiced mead.  "Who is he and where is he from?"
"I didn't catch his name, but Grenn said he's from Gray Lake."
Orden nodded and thanked him for the plate of food, and then began to walk away.  He turned back to Sasha and said, "You stay here, sweetheart.  I'll be back in just a bit."
"Okay, dad."
Sasha watched her father walk off, and then wandered over to one of the fire pits to get something to eat.  She found a plate and took a thin slice of meat from one of the roasting deer.  A pot of porridge steamed over the fire as well, so she dumped a large spoonful onto her plate and took some chopped potatoes and onions.  She didn't know if she was hungry enough to eat it all, but she needed to grow muscle like her father said, so she filled her plate.
At first, Orden was strangely reluctant to tell her much about fighting and becoming a soldier.  It took her tendays of careful nagging to get him to open up a bit, until she felt brave enough to ask him to train her.  He turned her down at first, but finally she convinced him that she was serious about it.
And she was very serious about it.  Ever since she was a little girl, she was amazed at how her father seemed to secretly command most of the men in the village, and even men from other villages that she had never seen before.  Most of the village men swore their swords to Orden, although it took her a long time to truly realize the importance of that.  She was carefully kept unaware of her father's nature until just recently, and as soon as she realized it, she knew she wanted to be a part of what they were doing.
When she thought about it, she knew she didn't have a whole lot of opportunities.  She could become a hunter or a trapper, which held little interest for her.  Or she could take up farming and learn to cultivate what few crops grew in the harsh Aushar weather.  There were other occupations she might try to learn, such as becoming a blacksmith or weaponsmith, or even working as a seamstress and making clothing.  But nothing like that seemed interesting.  And of course, she might just find a husband and raise children, but there was no way she was going to spend her life trapped in a house, making meals and caring for babies like some lowly snowbride.
She wanted to see the world, and she wanted to feel the excitement of engaging in combat.  When she and the village boys like Harlan chased each other around and wrestled and fought, she felt something like the thrill of combat, and that feeling appealed to her.  She wanted to know what it was like to run into a battle, using your skills and the weapon in your hand, knowing that each fight might be your last.  She dreamed of following her father and his sworn swords.
Eventually, the time would come.  Everyone knew that King Blackmane of Aushara was incompetent and fully under the control of the Council of Chiefs.  He was an old man, elected to the post before Sasha was even born by the Council in White Flame, who were the real power behind the throne in Aushara.  But Sasha didn't have to be smart to figure out that things were much worse than they used to be.  She heard it all the time from the adults, and even her father mentioned it in front of her a few times.
Verdana kept encroaching onto Aushar lands, the Council in White Flame ignored repeated complaints by Aushar communities along the border, inexperienced friends and relatives of members of the Council were chosen for important diplomatic posts, and the throne was exerting all sorts of new authority and passing new laws that were opposed by the people.  Every day there seemed to be more problems and more bad news coming from White Flame.  Sasha had never been to the capital of Aushara, but she imagined it to be a city full of greedy nobles and ignorant aristocrats who cared little for the lives of the people of Aushara.
She had overheard stories about soldiers from White Flame, under direct control of the Council of Chiefs, harassing local communities and even trying to silence anyone speaking out against King Blackmane.  If some of the stories were true, they were even throwing people in prison.  She didn't understand the politics, but she knew that there was a growing opposition to Blackmane and the entire Council of Chiefs.
And somehow, her father was in the middle of it.  Sasha didn't exactly understand how, but her father was an important figure among the Aushar who opposed King Blackmane.  She didn't figure it out all at once.  It took a long time of piecing together bits of conversations she heard, and watching how everyone acted around him.  Sometimes he left for a few days at a time, traveling to nearby villages, and Sasha always wondered what he did there, since he never told her any specific details.  But she now believed he was recruiting others to swear their swords to him and his cause.
Orden rarely talked about Sasha's mother.  But the day he told her the truth about her birth, Sasha realized just how much Orshana's death affected him.  Sasha couldn't blame him for feeling the way he did, but she wondered if that was what originally started his growing rebellion against the government of Aushara.  He was a warrior and a fighter, but he was unable to protect his own sister against a single assailant.  If her mother's attacker had been some nameless criminal lurking in the shadows, perhaps it would have been different.  But he had been a soldier in the Verdan army, and if Orden Snowfire couldn't exact his vengeance on the man who stole his sister's purity, maybe he could exact his vengeance on the government system that allowed the man to escape without facing justice.  
Sasha finished up her dinner and returned to their house, walking slowly as she thought about the day's practice and wondering how long it would take until she began her real training.  Despite her poor performance, her father seemed content with her progress after only one day.  She didn't think she accomplished all that much, having spent almost as much time on the ground as not.  But maybe this first day was just a test to see how serious she was.  Every time she fell down or was thrown down, she got back up.  Orden seemed pleased with that.
Something else occurred to her.  If she really wanted to learn how to follow in his footsteps as a warrior, it was not enough for her to just learn how to fight.  Her motivation to become a fighter was to make her father proud and to defend her friends and neighbors.  But she wondered if that was really enough.  She promised herself to pay more attention to the political situation in Aushara, so that she could understand everything that was going on, and maybe grow to share her father's beliefs.
After all, soldiers who simply fought because they were told to were little more than mercenaries.  She wanted to fight for more than just her own self-fulfillment, she wanted to have a cause to fight for.  She knew her father, and the other Aushar warriors, didn't become warriors because they enjoyed fighting, they did so for a reason, they fought for a noble cause.
I'll fight for a cause too, she thought.  I just don't know what cause to fight for yet.
Grenn and Wolan stood outside the house, casually talking with each other.  They greeted Sasha when she walked up to them, but they didn't let her inside.
"Your father's busy right now," Grenn explained.  "It'll be just a few more minutes, so you'll have to wait outside."
Sasha put her hands on her hips.  "I'm not allowed in my own home?"
"It's important, girl.  I'm sure you understand."
"If it's important, then we should all be inside and listening to it," Sasha said.  
Wolan shrugged and looked at Grenn.  "The girl's got a point."
Grenn shook his head and knelt down so he could look evenly at Sasha.  "I heard you spent the afternoon doing some sword practice with your dad.  Is that right?"
"Yes," Sasha said, somewhat proudly.
"That's good.  I'm sure you'll learn quickly.  Your father's a good trainer, I've learned a lot from him myself.  You know, I swore my sword to him as soon as he said I was ready.  I'm sure you'll do the same someday?"
"Of course I will."
"Well, when you swear your sword to someone, you abide to follow their orders.  Your father ordered us not to let anyone in the house until he was done speaking with his visitor."
Wolan leaned against the doorway.  "Grenn's got a point too, girl.  And I think his point is more convincing than yours."
"Fine," Sasha said, "I guess I'll wait for him too."
They asked her a little more about her training and she told them what she could.  Grenn Snowrunner and Wolan Grayfrost were not actually from her village, they both lived in one of the villages about a day's ride to the west, so Sasha didn't know them very well.  But they seemed interested to know what she had learned so far, and she was excited to tell them about it.  She was happy to see that they didn't act condescending or patronizing.  They treated her goal to be a soldier as seriously as she did.
Finally, the door to the house swung open and Orden came out.  His face betrayed no emotion, so she didn't know if the meeting had been about good news or bad news, but he did seem to have a thoughtful expression.  He smiled when he saw Sasha sitting outside.
"Hey, dad," she said quickly, getting up.
Another man followed him out of the house.  He was taller than Orden by several inches, and sported thick, muscular arms and a powerful frame.  He wore his facial hair in a unique fashion; he shaved his chin and sideburns, but he let his mustache grow long down the sides of his face so it looked like a frown.  His eyes were cold and very dark brown, and he looked at Sasha dismissively.
"Sweetheart," her father said, turning to the other man.  "I'd like you to meet someone.  Kashus, this is my daughter Sasha.  Sasha, this is Kashus Stoneward."
Chapter Twelve
A Caravan Heading North

Aushara was bordered on the west by the Endless Sea and on the east by the Warden's Crown Mountains, which stretched down from the far north and then swept westward near the border between Aushara and Verdana.  The Hale Road followed the edge of the mountains south from Aushara and then twisted its way through a series of passes into Verdana and eventually down to the city of Arawend.  It was the only main route through the Warden's Crown, although it was not heavily traveled due to the sometimes difficult terrain.  But the alternative was to go almost all the way across Verdana and loop around the Sanshos Road and then go all the way back across the Kalarian Hills, which could add tendays to a trip, so many travelers chose the Hale Road, especially the Aushar, who found the trip much easier than the Morends or even the Verdans.
The sky was cold and gray in the morning when Sasha joined up with the caravan heading out of Arawend.  Long before dawn, when the sky was still dark, she woke to the sound of banging on her door.  A young boy, one of Farakas Dragonwind's errand boys, was sent there to tell her it was time to go.  Before Sasha had time to ask any questions, the boy ran off, probably to run some other errand.  So she hurriedly dressed and left the inn, and then headed to the stable to get Dusty.
She rode out of the city as the sun was just starting to creep up over the horizon.  Instead of making her way through the streets to the north side of the city, where her presence might draw the attention of the Verdan guards, she decided to just go out the south gate, the same gate that she had entered the city from.  The guards were already on edge, and were sure to stop and question a lone Aushar woman riding through the city at that time of the morning, and Sasha didn't want to deal with them.
She urged Dusty into a quick trot and made her way in a large circle all the way around the city, taking the main road west and then skirting north.  It took much longer that way, but it saved her the trouble of running into any guards.  She could still spot them on top of the city walls, but she simply rode past until she made her way to the northern wall.  By that time, the sky was light gray and the sun was up, although it was obscured by clouds.
She thought the caravan might have already left, but as the northern gate came into view, she saw a half a dozen wagons still parked just outside the walls.  Two of them were draped in banners with the red handprint emblem of the Red Guard.  There were several other smaller wagons and carts led by teams of horses, and numerous people standing around.  A few wagons and carts were already on their way north.
As Sasha trotted by, she spotted a Verdan official in a gray cloak  shaking his head while he spoke with an Aushar man leading a team of horses.  A squad of Verdan soldiers was lined up by the gate, glaring at the assembled Aushar as if daring them to make a scene.
"I'm sorry, but your contract clearly states half a year," the Verdan official said.  "We've gone over this.  We cannot allow you to break the rules of the agreement."
"There was no contract!  I paid for a lease!" the Aushar man snapped.  "And I'm leaving eight tendays early, so you're getting the rest of my payment for free!"
Sasha headed over to the wagons bearing the Red Guard emblem, and was relieved to see Arick Hammercloud riding a large black stallion up at the front of the group, talking animatedly with the other men nearby.  When Sasha got close, he looked up and noticed her.
"You're late!" he said.
"I didn't want to ride through the city," Sasha explained.  "So I went around it instead."
"Wise decision," one of the other men said, giving her an appraising look.
"This is Orshana, that woman I told you about," Arick said to him.  "Orshana, let me introduce Farakas Dragonwind."
Dragonwind was probably in his mid-forties, but he looked younger than that, with a handsome if serious face, red eyes, and a long, neatly-trimmed red beard that was bound with black string.  He wore a black leather uniform lined with iron studs that went all the way down the sleeves and even decorated the back of his leather gloves.  A longsword and two hand axes hung from the saddle.  
"Pleased to meet you," Sasha said.
"Yes, likewise," Dragonwind replied, his tone revealing that he didn't really care whether she was pleased to meet him or not.  He seemed the kind of man who only smiled under threat of torture.  He flexed his hands impatiently on the horse's reins and pursed his lips, gazing past Sasha to the city gate behind them.  
Three other men on horseback were also members of the Red Guard, and wore black leather uniforms similar to Dragonwind's.  Arick pointed to each of them individually and introduced them all.  "Orshana, this is Garven Silverhorn, Brannock Icebuilder, and Tharigan Frostmorn, the other captains of the Red Guard."
Sasha nodded politely, trying to keep all the names straight.  But at the moment, they all seemed even less interested in meeting her than Dragonwind did.  They acknowledged her presence but their attention was fixed firmly on the gates behind them.  Finally, Dragonwind sighed to himself and rode his horse away without another word, and the other men followed, politely taking their leave.
"Is there a problem?" Sasha asked, bewildered.
"Not with us," Arick said, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the front edge of the saddle.  "We were cleared to leave about an hour ago."
"Then why are you still here?  You weren't waiting for me, I hope."
"There's still other people trying to get out of the city, but those guys up by the gate are slowing everyone down, trying to keep the merchants from leaving."
"I heard one of them telling someone he wasn't allowed to leave."
"They've been at it all morning.  Right now they can't do much about it because the Red Guard is still here keeping an eye on them.  But once Dragonwind and his men leave, those officials will start sending their guards out to use force to prevent anyone else from leaving."
Sasha edged Dusty around so she could see the gate and watch as the officials continued to argue with the departing merchants.  "I can't believe they're doing that.  What do they hope to accomplish?"
"They're trying to squeeze more money out of us, for one thing.  And the more merchants who leave the city, the worse off it looks for them.  They'll try to force the merchants to stay, just to keep up the illusion that trade is still going well."
"So how long are we going to wait?"
"Not too much longer."
It turned out to be almost two hours before Dragonwind finally gave the order for the wagons to move out.  By then, only a few stragglers remained inside the gate trying to persuade the officials to let them go.  Most of the larger groups had successfully left the city and begun to head north or west.  Dragonwind rode up to the front of the caravan and ordered the drivers to begin to head out, and within minutes, the wagons were all moving.  There were four large wagons in all and three smaller carts loaded with goods and supplies.  Along with that, there were half a dozen other people on horses traveling with the caravan, as well as the people riding in carts or wagons, perhaps more than forty people in all.
Arick went over where Sasha waited.  "Listen, you'll have to ride in the back of the caravan, I hope you don't mind.  I'll be up front, so I probably won't see you until we stop and make camp."
"I understand," Sasha shrugged.  "I'll talk to you later then."
She rode slowly to the rear of the caravan as it began to move, and fell in alongside one of the carts which was loaded with crates and tied up bundles of furs.  Her stomach rumbled because she missed breakfast, but she couldn't do much about that.  She was relieved that they were finally heading out and on their way to Aushara.  Dusty kicked up some dirt and seemed to be happy to be moving out as well, and she affectionately rubbed his head and scratched his ears.
"Excuse me," came a voice beside her.  "I don't believe we've met."
She turned to see someone sitting in the back of the cart, his head poking up from behind a stack of piled furs and gazing at her intently.  He wore a gray cloak and hood that partially obscured his features, but Sasha could see that his skin was darker hue like that of a Morend, although he had blonde hair like a Verdan.  
"My name is Olfred Brightwell," he said with a smile.
"Orshana Snowcrown, nice to meet you."
"I haven't seen you before.  Have you just joined our little band?"
She nodded.  "I met Arick Hammercloud and he offered to let me come along."
"Are you a warrior like the others?"
Sasha laughed shortly.  "Not exactly.  You might say I'm in training."
Olfred smiled and nodded knowingly as the cart bumped over a rut in the road.  He glanced up ahead of them and then pulled down his hood, as if he had forgotten it was still up.  Sasha stifled a gasp of surprise when she saw the side of his face, as a long and jagged scar ran down from his upper temple to his chin, although his hair covered some of it.  His hair was long and straight, and very light blonde, a contrast to his darker skin.  And Sasha was surprised to see that his eyes were brown.
He noticed her reaction, and gave a lopsided smile.  "You're wondering about my background, I suppose.  Not many people out there with light hair and dark skin."
"I'm mixed race too," Sasha said quickly.  "My father was Verdan and my mother Aushar.  But no, I've never seem someone who looked like you."
"Well, my father was Morend, or at least mostly Morend," Olfred explained.  "But my mother was very mixed race.  She had a little of everything, I guess.  My ancestry is somewhat complicated."
"Interesting," Sasha said, unsure what else to say about it.  People with mixed parentage were not terribly common in general, so to meet someone with traits from several races was nearly unheard of.  She had never met anyone who could claim to have Aushar, Verdan, and Morend traits.  She found herself wondering exactly how his parents came together and why they chose to have a child.
"It makes me a bit of a freak, I know."
"I didn't say that."
"You were thinking it, though," Olfred said, smiling to let her know he was not upset.  "Don't worry, I'm very used to people staring at me.  I've lived with it all my life."
"How did you wind up here with Dragonwind and the Red Guard?"
"I work as an accountant and a scholar of sorts, and Sir Dragonwind hired me to do his bookkeeping and handle finances."
"Why aren't you staying in Arawend?" Sasha asked.  "You could probably find more work there.  I'm sure they still have need of accountants.  Maybe more now than before."
Olfred gave a noncommittal shrug and shifted position, trying to find a more comfortable way to sit as the cart bumped along.  "Well, my association with the Aushar and Sir Dragonwind in particular have damaged my reputation, given the current political climate."
"Yeah, I suppose so."
"And to be honest, I'm excited about the chance to visit Aushara.  I've never traveled very far north, so this will be a new experience for me."
"It's a beautiful land unlike any other," Sasha said, "but it gets very cold there.  I hope you brought some warm clothes."
"Oh, yes," Olfred said.  "And what about you?  I take it you're from Aushara?"
"Yes," Sasha said with a nod, and she gave him a quick rundown of the false background she invented for herself, keeping the story simple and boring.  Thankfully, Olfred didn't ask for any details.
He sat up to look up ahead of them as the caravan continued down the road.  By now, the city walls of Arawend were almost out of sight, and their surroundings consisted mostly of scattered trees and gently rolling hills until they reached the foot of the Warden's Crown, which was also faintly visible in the far distance.
"Quite a long trip," he said to himself.  "At this pace it will take us tendays to make it through the mountains."
"If the weather cooperates," Sasha said.  "But I've heard there's already a lot of snow, so it will probably be longer than that.  If you're looking for an exciting new experience, traveling through the mountains in the middle of a snowstorm is about as exciting as it gets."
"I don't know if that's the exact word I would use," Olfred said with a chuckle.  "But at least we'll be able to stop at Fort Wardenhall halfway."
The fort.  I forgot about that, Sasha thought.  
"I've never been there," she said neutrally. 
"Well, they only built it a few years ago.  They said it was to make the Hale Road safer and provide security for travelers going through the mountains."  He paused and then laughed to himself as if he'd made a joke.
"Is that what they said?" Sasha muttered.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Olfred said quickly.  "Sometimes I forget that it is still a sore spot for many of you.  Sir Dragonwind is very practical about these sorts of things, but I know that many Aushar feel very differently about the forts.  I'm sorry if I made light of it."
Forts?  There are more than one?
"It's okay," Sasha said, wanting to change the subject.  "I don't know very much about them, so I can't really say for sure how I feel."
"Lots of things are changing so fast," Olfred commented.  "Now that Riverstorm is gone, it seems like all of Verdana is in conflict with itself.  I wonder how the soldiers at the fort are dealing with the situation.  Not well, I would guess."
"Well, the people in Arawend certainly weren't dealing with it very well."
"Very true.  I can't help but think this will lead to a drastic shift in power."  Olfred paused and then sighed and snuggled against the furs.  "But I'm not a politician, so perhaps I shouldn't speculate on things like that.  It's not my place."
"Not mine either," Sasha said carefully.  She had the feeling that Olfred was very subtly trying to draw her out for some reason.  Perhaps he was curious about her motives for traveling north on such short notice?
"I've been told that the first Aushar city we'll arrive at is a place called Long Hearth.  Have you been there before?"
"No, but I've heard of it.  It's on the other side of the mountains at the end of the Hale Road."
Olfred smiled and looked up at the mountain range visible in the distance.  "The Warden's Crown," he said.  "I've always thought that was an appropriate name.  I know a bit about the Aushar religion, you know.  I take it you worship the Ice Warden."
"In a way," Sasha said.  "We don't worship him the way the Verdans worship their Holy Judge.  We don't have churches or altars in Aushara.  But we pray to the Warden for strength, and we offer our thanks when we feel blessed."
Once, when Sasha was about fourteen years old, she visited White Flame with her father and encountered some people who wanted to create an official church to the Warden, like the Verdans did for their Holy Judge.  She thought it was a stupid idea then, and she still thought it was stupid.  Gathering in a building to publicly worship the Warden made no sense to her at all.
"Do you pray to the Warden?" Olfred asked interestedly.
"Yes, quite often."
"I must admit that I don't follow any particular faith," Olfred admitted.  "My father was a Morend, like I said, so he worshiped Arios, the Spirit.  And my mother believed in the Holy Judge, for the most part."
"I don't know very much about the Morend religion, to be honest.  I don't really know that much about the Verdan's Holy Judge either."
"Well, in Morenda they worship the Spirit of the Land.  It's called Arios or Alios or something, I don't remember.  Anyway, it's a benevolent life force that grants the faithful powers and can cure diseases, that sort of thing.  Anyone may worship the Spirit, even if they aren't Morend."
"The Warden doesn't work that way," Sasha said with a smile.  "He only protects and watches over the people from Aushara.  A Verdan could pray to the Warden, but he would just ignore it."
Olfred chuckled at that.  "A harsh God for a harsh land?"
"Something like that."
Olfred set his arms on the side of the cart and rested his chin on his arms.  "Do you know if they have a library in Long Hearth?  I would love to see if they have any old texts I can study.  I'm very interested in history too."
"I'm sure they have a library somewhere," Sasha said.  "They might even welcome visitors."
"Perhaps it's my mixed heritage, but I love to learn all I can about all the different nations and their histories.  Religion, politics, I try to study everything I can.  I'm also fascinated with the Folk races, the Seafolk and the others.  In Aushara they are known as Icefolk, am I right?  Have you ever seen one?"
"No," Sasha said, "but I saw one of the Seafolk once."
"Such an amazing race of creatures," Olfred said wistfully.  "I wish we knew more about them, where they came from, how they live.  They are such a mystery."
"Well, any library in Aushara would be sure to have some information on the Icefolk.  We view them as representatives of the Ice Warden.  You're sure to find someone willing to tell you more about them. I don't think many scholars travel to Aushara.  They don't like the cold."
"I don't think I'll like it much either," Olfred said.
Sasha smiled again.  "I will.  I miss the snow.  It's too warm down here."
"I think Sir Dragonwind and the others probably agree with you.  I've heard them talk about the cold weather in Aushara quite affectionately."
Sasha's mind wandered back to her youth, running across the frozen plains, digging in the snow, going out alone in the middle of a blizzard to feel the power of the Lord of Ice beating down on her.  The snow and the ice was in her blood, and she would be glad to feel the elemental fury of the Ice Warden once again.
Olfred was mostly right.  Aushara was a harsh land with a harsh god.  But growing up in an unforgiving land had its benefits as well as its dangers.  Surviving in the frozen northern lands made the Aushar people stronger and heartier than their southern neighbors.  Sasha didn't think she had ever met a Verdan who possessed the strength of will that even the average Aushar did.  Their fertile, bountiful homeland made their life too easy.  It made them soft and weak as far as she was concerned.
"I hope the weather doesn't get too bad, though," Olfred said, betraying a hint of nervousness for the first time.
"I guess we'll find out soon enough," Sasha said.
Chapter Thirteen
Kendrall's Rock

The caravan trudged forward throughout the day, passing a few small villages located along the road but not stopping at any of them.  The weather was chilly but the sun was out so it made for a pleasant day of riding.
Sasha spoke with Olfred a little while longer, and then wandered through the caravan to meet with some of the other people and to introduce herself.  The man driving the rear cart was a grizzled Aushar named Noren, with a lean frame and wisps of gray in his beard.  He spoke in one-word sentences, usually just giving a grunt of approval or disapproval whenever someone asked him his opinion on something.  He reminded Sasha of old man Dosko from her childhood village, so she liked him right away, despite his grumpy demeanor.
She tried to remember everyone's name, but she knew she would forget some of them by the end of the day.  Barlin, Edred, Jackon, and more names than that got mixed up in her head.  Each cart and wagon had a driver, and some of the carts carried passengers in the back, like Olfred.  Two young women, named Dravina and Polla, chatted in the back of one of the carts and Sashs spoke to them briefly.  Dravina was a cousin of Dragonwind himself, and Polla worked as a seamstress who got a spot on the caravan because she was friends with Dravina.  Sasha was somewhat relieved to know she wasn't the only woman on the trip.
"It's so exciting!" Polla said in a perky voice.  "I haven't been back to Aushara since I was a teenager."
"Me neither," Sasha said with a smile, and it was actually true.
She rode forward to the main wagons and met some of the other women making the trip, the wives of Dragonwind and his fellow Red Guard warriors.  There were even a few children coming along as well but they stayed in the wagons during the trip.  
She also discovered she wasn't the only last-minute addition to the caravan.  Two other independent travelers were along for the ride as well, a young Aushar apprentice blacksmith named Darl Windhaven, and an Aushar merchant named Alaster Snowborn.  
"We joined up just yesterday," Alaster explained with a frown.  He wore an expensive green leather jacket with silver trim, and his saddle as well as the pack bags were made of fine Verdan leather.  Both his ears were pierced with golden rings, which seemed strange on an Aushar man.  He was also clean-shaven and his hair was tightly pulled back in a ponytail, except for a few strands that hung down over his ears, in the style of Verdan nobles.  Sasha disliked him right away.
"I saw the writing on the wall," Alaster continued.  "I knew the Union was going to cut their losses.  Any idiot could have seen it coming.  But I didn't foresee how badly the Verdans would handle the situation.  You'd think they wanted us to leave."
"Maybe they did," Sasha said.
Alaster shook his head.  "They never liked us personally, but they liked our money well enough.  They should have known that alienating the Aushar weaponsmiths was a sure way to scare off the Morend traders as well, and now what are they left with?  Nothing, that's what."
Darl Windhaven, riding on the other side of Alaster, leaned forward and spoke to Sasha.  "I didn't see you when we first arrived this morning.  Did you sign up to join this trip just today?"
He rode an old mare with splotches of brown and white fur, and his own clothes were almost the polar opposite of Alaster's.  He wore dingy brown leather pants and a gray tunic underneath a dirty wool coat.  He looked about the same age as Sasha, but she suspected he was younger.  He had a short beard and his unwashed hair was cut short as well.
"No," Sasha said.  "I was late getting here this morning, that's all."
"How long have you lived in Arawend?"
"About two days," Sasha said with a shrug.  "I was just passing through, to be honest."
"What do you do for a living, then?" Alaster asked.  "You're not a merchant, I take it."
"I used to work as a cook, and I've done other odd jobs here and there."
"How much is Dragonwind charging you to ride with his caravan?"
"I'm working to pay my way," Sasha explained.  "When we make camp, I'll have to do whatever work needs to be done if I want to get anything to eat."
"I should have thought of that," Darl chuckled.  "Instead of paying him four tendays' wages."
"Is that how much you had to pay him?" Sasha asked, surprised.
Alaster nodded knowingly.  "We're paying for the trip, and in return we get meals, shelter in camp, as well as protection and assistance through the mountains.  And I don't know about you, but I would not want to make that trip alone.  I don't even mind riding in the back.  We can use the wagons to block the wind and follow in their tracks through the snow."
"You have a point."
By the time twilight fell, they had made it most of the way to the very southern edge of the mountains, and the road was just beginning to inch upwards as the elevation increased.  The way was still easy going and the road was lined with trees and bushes, although once they began to make their way higher up, there would be little vegetation along the mountain pass.  Before it got too dark out, she heard someone calling up ahead that they were going to make camp at a point known as Kendrall's Rock, which marked the end of the section of the Hale Road that the local Verdan authorities patrolled.  Once they passed the marker, they would technically be in territory under the direct authority of the Emperor's Legion instead of local law enforcement.
Sasha rode up to the front of the caravan and immediately tried to make herself useful.  Unlike Darl and Alaster, she wasn't paying for the trip, so she had to work to earn her meals and shelter, and she wanted to get started right away to show Dragonwind that she was willing to work hard to prove her value.  If he suspected that she was slacking off or being lazy, she didn't doubt he would send her right back to Arawend without a second thought.
As they began lining up the wagons, Sasha fetched firewood and got some fires going.  It had been a long time since she summoned her fire Charm, with the added difficulty of trying to summon a Verdan Charm instead of her more natural Aushar one, but after a few tries she managed to create a spark by snapping her fingers.  She helped unpack some of the blankets and rolls for those who were sleeping on the ground, and she helped feed all the horses as well.
One of the Red Guard men handed her some wooden pails and she ran off through the woods to find a creek where she could get water.  She lugged the full pails back to camp as quickly as possible, her arms aching, and dumped them into a metal pot over one of the fires.  She then helped one of the other women chop up some vegetables to make stew.
"I'll stand watch if you want," she offered to Dragonwind.
But he shook his head.  "Thank you, but my men will guard us during the night."
She knew he was avoiding the possibility that Sasha might fall asleep on watch, or that her mind would wander and she wouldn't hear the sound of someone approaching.  She wasn't going to try to convince him to trust her so early in the trip, so she let it slide.  There would be plenty of opportunities for her to stand guard duty in the tendays ahead.
She wandered back to one of the camp fires and accepted a small bowl of stew.  She gulped it down quickly, having not eaten most of the day.  Now that there wasn't anything important for her to do, she went back to check on Dusty and the other horses.
Darl Windhaven, the apprentice blacksmith, had taken the saddle off his horse and was brushing the animal down as she approached.  Now that he wasn't hunched over in a saddle, Sasha saw that he was tall and athletic, and working as a blacksmith made his arms bulge with muscle.  His powerful frame was obvious even with his coat on.
He nodded in greeting and said, "Well, the first day's over with.  I wonder how many more we'll have before we reach Long Hearth."
"Quite a few," Sasha said conversationally.
"I heard the weather is getting pretty bad."
"So have I.  We'll find out once we get up there."
"Have you made this trip before?"
"No, this is my first time on the Hale Road."
"Me too," Darl said casually.  "You're with one of the Red Guard fellas, right?"
"No, I don't really know the men in the Red Guard.  I never met Dragonwind or the others until just this morning.  Unless you mean Arick.  I know him, but not very well."
"Oh, I thought maybe you were his girl."
"No," Sasha said quickly.  "He didn't tell you that, did he?"
"I haven't talked to him at all.  I just figured ..." he trailed off and shrugged.
"I'm not a camp follower," Sasha said firmly, but keeping her voice friendly to know that she wasn't mad at him.  "And I'm nobody's girl either."
"I guess I figured wrong," Darl said sheepishly.  
"Don't worry about it."
Darl finished brushing his horse but left the saddle off.  He dug into his pack and took out a small apple, which he then fed to the horse, rubbing its snout and whispering in its ear.
Sasha chuckled to herself and patted Dusty's head.  "Sorry, dear," she said, "but I don't have a snack for you tonight.  Maybe tomorrow."
When they were both sure their animals were secure and safe, they wandered back to one of the campfires.  There were already a dozen people seated around it or stretched out on blankets, talking to each other or quietly eating their soup.  Night had fallen, so the campfire was the only light, its flickering flames making the surrounding trees seem to dance with shadows.  
Alaster Snowborn, the merchant, was seated upon his heavy pack and talking animatedly with Polla, who listened intently.  It seemed funny to Sasha to see the young woman feigning such interest in Alaster's stories.  But Alaster did have a certain kind of aristocratic charm about him, so maybe Polla found him engaging, even though his attitude turned Sasha off completely.
One of the Red Guard captains was seated by the fire as well, fiddling with a knife and picking at his fingernails with a bored expression on his face.  He sported a spiky, unkempt beard and his hair was wild and uncombed, sticking out in several directions.  Sasha was introduced to him earlier and had to search her memory for a name until she remembered he was Tharigan Frostmorn.
She spied Olfred Brightwell at the perimeter of the campfire, leaning against a tree and watching the flames from a distance, as if nervous about coming into the group.
Sasha considered talking to him, but decided to leave him be for now.  She took a seat in the grass and leaned back, with Darl sitting beside her.
"You got family back in Aushara?" he asked.
"Not really, what about you?"
He shook his head.  "No, my folks live in Freedom Gate.  I went to Arawend for my apprenticeship, but there's no work for me there anymore so now I guess I'm unemployed."
"So am I," Sasha said.  "I was working in Dragon's Tooth, but the hurricane a few tendays ago destroyed most of the town.  So I packed up what I had left and moved out."
"What about you, Alaster?" Darl asked.
Alaster shook his head a bit and sighed.  "I was driven out of business," he said with a grunt.  "You know, I've worked in Arawend for twelve years, and it took less than six tendays to put me right out of business thanks to that whole dilemma with their King.  I had to sell off my assets at a loss just to afford to pay off my debts.  I'm heading for White Flame eventually.  I have some friends there that can help me get back on my feet."
Everyone's story was much the same.  They all worked in Arawend, but the political situation forced them to leave the city, and they were going north in the hopes to making a new start in their homeland.
"Mark my words," Alaster said.  "Verdana will be suffering the economic consequences of this for years to come."
"Good," someone said.  "They deserve it."
"Maybe we can finally have a new King of our own now," Polla said optimistically, with a wide smile, glancing around to see if they all agreed with her.
"Yeah," one of the cart drivers said.  "And they can kick out those Verdan bastards in White Flame and take the land back for the rest of us."
Tharigan Frostmorn looked up from picking his fingernails and said, "Hey, let's not talk about all that just yet, okay?  How about we keep our politics to ourselves, all right?"
"Sure," Alaster said with a smirk, "Let's wait until we're back in Aushara."
Talk drifted gradually to other topics, but Sasha could sense that the conversation still carried an edge of excitement from those early comments.  Even though they had all lived in a Verdan city, they were still Aushar and their loyalty was to their homeland, which Sasha felt was a relief.  They were rightfully upset at being forced from their homes in Arawend, but at the same time they were excited and hopeful that the instability in Verdana might have greater repercussions across Aushara.  But they said nothing outright, as if worried that Verdan soldiers were out in the woods listening in to the conversation and would come to arrest them.
Once again, she wondered exactly what she hoped for by returning home.  I can't be the leader that One-Ear wanted me to be, she thought.  And I'm not the warrior that my father was.  I can't go to war again, I'm done with that part of my life.  But that doesn't mean I don't want Aushara to be free and independent again.
She would do anything in her power to help Aushara achieve freedom from Verdana, but she hoped that it wouldn't even be necessary.  The way things were going so far, it looked like the Emperor's Delegation might lose its authority as the Verdan government continued its infighting and bickering and the Council of Chiefs would be able to take control of the nation.  But that all depended on the current members of the Council, and if they were truly patriotic Aushar or just pawns of the Delegation.  Sasha had no idea which was the case, but she would find out soon enough.
The camp fire popped and sparked, sending glowing embers up into the sky.  Sasha sat back and listened as the other shared stories and told jokes.  Someone passed around a bottle of spiced mead and Sasha got to take a sip before passing it on.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked up to see Arick kneeling behind her.  She hadn't heard him sneak up on her at all.
"What do you want, Arick?" she said.
"Good evening to you, too, Orshana.  I'm doing fine, thanks."
"Whatever," Sasha muttered, rolling her eyes.
"I was wondering if you were interested in some more training," Arick said.  "You could use some more practice with that sword, and now seems like a perfectly good time."
"Can't you see I'm busy?"
"You're incredibly busy, I know.  But I think we can fit this into your schedule.  Come on, grab your sword.  I'll meet you in the clearing back there."
Sasha sighed and got up to retrieve her sword, which she had left with her pack and other belongings.  She buckled the scabbard to her belt and walked back behind the camp area into a clearing, where Arick waited for her.
Darl was there as well, leaning against a tree.  "Do you mind if I watch?" he asked.  "Maybe I'll learn a thing or two about sword fighting myself."
"Sorry, I can only train one person at a time," Arick said.
Sasha drew her sword and accustomed herself to its weight and balance.  She had to admit that Arick was right that she needed more practice.  The sword felt heavy and cumbersome in her hands.  She needed to build some muscle in her sword arm before she got even close to her old fighting form.
Arick drew one of his swords, leaving its twin in its scabbard.  The sword instantly became an extension of his arm, and he moved it through the air with such grace that the blade itself seemed to bend and curve with the motions.  In the light from the camp fire, the edge of the blade glinted orange.  Sasha's clumsy movements seemed even more amateur and foolish compared to Arick's obvious skill.
"No wooden swords this time," Sasha observed.
"We can take it slow," Arick said.  "Just do me a favor and try not to cut your own arm off with that thing."
"Very funny.  You should be more worried about which of your body parts I'll cut off."
"You can make idle threats once you've completed some training.  Ready?"
"Yes."
"Good.  Come on then."
Sasha hesitated and then took two quick steps forward, swinging her sword in a straight overhead stroke.  Arick deftly deflected the simple blow and sidestepped her.  She turned and made slashes to the left and right, not putting all of her strength into it.  Arick blocked each one effortlessly, barely even reacting.  She swung over and over again, once on the left side and then once on the right, picking up some speed each time, until her arm began to get tired.  Arick walked backwards, easily blocking each strike, and Sasha followed him as the two of them walked in a circle.  The repetitive clanging of their blades drew a few more spectators from the camp area, but they all stayed wisely among the trees with Darl.
When Sasha began to get winded, she lowered her sword to take a few breaths.  Her wrist and biceps were starting to ache, as she new they would.
"Okay," Arick said.  "Want to run through it again?  Faster this time?"
"You sure?"
"I think I can handle it," he said sarcastically.
Sasha came at him again, a little faster this time, first with an overhead strike like before, which he batted aside with a casual swing of his arm.  She immediately slashed sideways at him, and his arm swung down to deflect the blade.  Sasha pivoted on her foot and swung upwards, and Arick knocked her blade away once more.
Some of the people watching gasped in surprise as Sasha launched herself at him, swinging her sword with much more force and speed than before.  Arick backpedaled quickly, swinging his sword back and forth to parry each of Sasha's strikes.  Their swords echoed loudly in the otherwise quiet evening.
"Forward," Sasha said, and then dove with her blade outstretched, eliciting a loud gasp from the crowd of onlookers.
Arick dodged the point of the sword, twisting his own sword around to force it away from his body.  "Thanks for the warning!" he laughed.
They battled for a few more moments, Arick deflecting each of her sword thrusts and blocking her more direct strikes.  He hadn't even broken a sweat.  Sasha breathed heavily, the sword hanging from her arm like a weight attached to a shackle around her wrist.  Tiredly, she slid the sword back into the scabbard.
"Not bad," he said, nodding appreciatively.  He sheathed his own sword as well and put his hands on his hips.  "Not bad for a start, at least.  You seem to know enough, you just need more practice to get back into shape.  You were off-balance too much, especially that second time around, you need to get a better feel for the blade."
"I know," Sasha said.  "Once I've used it a few more times, it will come more naturally."
"And I know we were just sparring, but you need to think about defense.  You can't leave yourself so open."
Sasha almost blurted out that she usually wielded two weapons, but caught herself at the last moment, instead saying, "I should probably use a shield with my other arm or something."
Arick shook his head.  "Not yet, a shield would throw you off too much, and I don't want you to rely on it.  I don't think we have a spare one sitting around anyway."
"I take it you don't use a shield," she said, gesturing toward his other sword.
"Not usually.  Two swords is better than one any day."
"If you say so," Sasha said.  Although she agreed with him for the most part, as she typically wielded two axes during her years training and fighting with her father.  But she also usually wore a small shield on her left arm, giving her the best of both styles.  She wished that she could use an axe instead of a sword, but t would make Arick and the others too curious.
"Do you want to run through it again?"
"No, I think I'm good for the night.  My arm is sore already."
"All right then, we can go at it again tomorrow."
"Sure," Sasha said.
Arick turned to walk away, and Sasha took a step toward the camp fire before she turned back around and said, "Hey, Arick."
He stopped and looked at her expectantly.
"Thank you," she said.  "Thanks for helping me out."
"You're welcome," he replied.
"Just one more thing I owe you for, is that right?"
"No, it's okay," he said with a grin, and then hesitated before adding, "I'm sorry for acting like a jerk when we were sparring yesterday.  I'm glad you're not mad at me."
"I'm not mad.  Just don't do it again."
"Yes, my Lady."
Sasha smiled to herself and then shook her head as she walked over to the camp fire.  Darl and the others came over as well, talking amongst themselves.  She took a seat back on the grass and Darl sat down beside her once more.
"That was pretty impressive," he said.  "For a little while there it looked like you were actually trying to hurt him."
Sasha stretched out and watched the fire.  "Maybe I was."
"I thought you told me you used to work as a cook.  I've never seen a cook who knew how to use a sword like that."
"It's not as hard as it looks.  And I still need a lot more practice."
Darl chuckled.  "You looked like you knew what you were doing.  Have you ever actually used a sword to ? you know, fight someone for real?"
"No," Sasha lied easily.  "My father taught me a bit about swordplay, that's all.  I haven't really used one for a few years, so Arick is just helping me get the hang of it again."
"Okay, I was just thinking that maybe you expected to run into trouble or something."
"No, nothing like that."
A little while later, everyone began to unroll their blankets and settle down to get some sleep.  Sasha folded up her jacket to use it as a pillow, and lay out comfortably on the grass, looking up into the night sky.  The first day of the trip north was over, but there were many more to come.  
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, I offer you my thanks for all you have done for me.  You gave me strength when I needed it most, you aided me when I escaped from prison, and you have looked over me with a watchful eye.  I have come this far only because of your strong hand guiding me.  I am almost home now.  Thank you.  I am your loyal servant always.
Chapter Fourteen
The First Snow of the Year

On the third day of the trip, it began to snow.  At first, it was just a light flurry of snow that went away almost as soon as it started, but by mid-afternoon, the air was full of thick flakes that seemed to fall more heavily with each passing minute.  The sky was dull gray without a breath of wind, giving the snowfall a gentle, magical quality.  Sasha smiled widely and enjoyed the feeling of the snow on her face, a sensation she missed very much in seven years.  Seeing snow again was a reminder that she was finally headed home
They left behind the gentle plains of Verdana for the rough, sloping hills that led up to the Warden's Crown.  The ground was rocky and unforgiving, and the road was littered with stones that trickled down from the cliffs above.  In another day, they would be well into the mountains, and the going was sure to get much harder.
But Sasha didn't mind that so much, because the entry into the mountains was wonderful news for a completely different reason.  With a thrill, she sensed her Aushar Charms become active again, making her skin tingle.  In Verdana, she was limited to her less-effective Verdan Charms, but now that they were finally getting close to Aushara, she would finally be able to use her native Charms for the first time in years.  It was a wonderful feeling, and she summoned most of her Charms just to feel them again after so long.  It wasn't too soon either, because she would probably have need for her warmth Charm before too long.
Sasha looked up to see a blurry haze of falling snow up in the sky, and then a fat snowflake landed right on her nose, and she wiped her face with a gloved hand.  
"Not a good sign," Arick said as he rode beside her.  The flakes landed on his black coat and remained there for a few seconds before they melted.
"We knew the weather was going to be bad," Sasha said.  "Didn't you tell me that?"
"There's already been a lot of snow along the road, but Dragonwind was really hoping that the worst was over and we could make the trip without getting much more."
"I don't think we'll be that lucky," Sasha said, looking up ahead of them at the gray sky further up the mountain.  Maybe it was just her imagination, but the sky farther north seemed to be a darker, more foreboding gray.  "It looks like we'll be facing snow the entire rest of the trip."
"Like I said, not a good sign," Arick muttered.
"You've traveled the Hale Road before, right?"
"Sure, a couple of times.  Last time was about two years ago, but that was during the summer."
"How bad does it really get up there when it snows?"
"It can be almost impassable by the end of the winter.  The whole pass can get blocked with snow fifteen feet high.  We won't have that to worry about, but we might have to make our way through several feet of snow just the same."
"Can the wagons handle it?  The horses, I mean?"
"Probably, as long as we take it slow."
"But Dragonwind doesn't want to take it slow, does he?"
"No," Arick said, shaking his head.  "He's in a hurry for some reason.  I hope we won't be trying to travel in the middle of a blizzard."
"Maybe going this way wasn't such a good idea," Sasha said, trying to make light of it.
Arick smiled at her.  "Well, you don't see anyone else on the road, do you?  Most of the other people who left Arawend went west toward Rasarnus to take the Sanshos Road.  We're the only ones trying the Hale Road."
"I did notice that, actually."
"It's going to be a bad winter," Arick said ominously, gazing up at the mountains ahead of them.
"I know there's a new fort halfway up the mountains," Sasha said.  "But I don't really know much about it.  Are we going to stop there at all?  How big of a fort is it, anyway?"
"It's called Fort Wardenhall," Arick explained.  "They started building it right after the Treaty of Sarrow, but it took three years to finish.  It's at Thunder Point, so they had to transport all the building supplies up the Hale Road just to build the place."
"That's pretty amazing," Sasha said.  "How in the world do they keep it supplied, especially this time of year?  There isn't anything up there in the mountains, is there?"
"Not really.  Verdana has to send them supplies during the summer to keep them stocked all winter long, but it's not easy to keep such an isolated outpost like that supplied all the time.  Any disruption in the delivery of supplies would be disastrous."
"I'm amazed they would even try to build a fort up there.  Olfred said the other day that it was built to provide added security for travelers," Sasha scoffed.  "What a joke."
"Whatever do you mean?" Arick said sarcastically.  "You don't believe that the Emperor King always has our best interests at heart?"
"Hardly," Sasha muttered.  "You said you came down here two years ago, so what happened when you made it to the fort?"
Arick shrugged noncommittally and brushed some stray flakes of snow from his jacket sleeve.  "Pretty much what you'd expect.  They asked me for identification, they asked why I was on the road and where I was going, and gave me dirty looks for a little while, and then they let me go."
"Do they do that for everyone?"
"No," he said.  "They'll ask Dragonwind some questions but they won't bother talking to you or me or any of the others.  We're part of his crew and he'll take responsibility for us."
"That's good," Sasha said.
Secretly, she thought, I don't have any kind of identification anyway.  The last thing I want is for a bunch of Verdan soldiers to start questioning me about my identity.
As they continued along the road, the snow seemed to increase for every inch in elevation they climbed.  Soon, the rocky ground was coated with snow, and the wind picked up.  Sasha put on her wool cap and then pulled her hood up as well.  Blowing snow swirled into little eddies like miniature whirlwinds that twisted across the rocks.
They passed through a narrow opening between two steep cliffs, which opened up into a twisting section of the road  at the bottom of a long cliffside to their left that was dotted with jagged spikes of rock.
Arick looked up cautiously and said, "They call this section Rockslide Pass."
"Well, that's very reassuring," Sasha said.
The ground was littered with loose rocks and pebbles here that occasionally tumbled down from above.  A few larger chunks of rock and small boulders were pushed to the side from previous travelers.  Up ahead of them, the wagons lurched and clanked as they squeezed their way through the narrower sections of the pass, moving around the larger boulders that still were partially in the way.
"It opens up again after this," Arick said.  "Once we get past that overhang, it will clear out and the road will get wider again."
Once they moved beyond the heavy rock overhang, the road did get wider, but the snow suddenly seemed to increase.  It was falling steadily now and the wind blew it right into their faces.  Sasha tucked her hood a bit lower across her brow and leaned forward, keeping her eyes down.  Dusty whinnied a bit in frustration, but Sasha rubbed his head to soothe him and they continued onward into the blowing snow.
They took a break just after noon, while the wagons slowed to a halt.  Sasha rode forward, thinking that perhaps one of the wagons had damaged a wheel, but they all seemed in good condition.  She saw Dragonwind speaking with his men, and quickly retreated back to the rear of the caravan, where she was supposed to be.
 Darl Windhaven came up and asked, "Is there a problem up there?"
"No, we've just stopped," Sasha said with a shrug.
"They're probably arguing about whether to keep going," Arick said, leaning forward in the saddle and squinting against the wind in his face.  He didn't have his hood up, so there were flakes of snow in his hair.
"This isn't so bad," Darl said.
"But you can see that it's worse ahead of us, probably much worse.  We might see snow a couple feet deep."
Darl looked dismayed.  "But we can't just turn around, can we?"
"If we had to," Arick said.  "But I don't think Dragonwind will want to do that."
A few minutes later, the wagons began moving again, their heavy wheels making tracks in the thin covering of snow on the ground.  Sasha clicked at Dusty and he trotted forward, glad to be moving again.  She reminded herself to ask Arick if Dusty would be bothered by the snow, although she guessed that it wouldn't be an issue unless they found themselves navigating deep drifts.  Arick and the others on horseback didn't seem to take any special precautions with their animals, so she supposed that the horses would be fine for now.
The road wasn't a straight path through the mountains, of course, and it twisted and wove in a random manner as they made their way further along.  Soon, the snow began to fade away, and they went along for almost an hour without any snow at all, but then it suddenly started up again and began to fall heavily.
When the sun started to go down, Dragonwind called back to them that they were going to set up camp early because of the weather.  Sasha quickly rode ahead and dismounted as Dragonwind snapped orders at everyone.
"Orshana, help set up the tents.  Then see if you can find anything we can use for firewood.  Get someone to help you if you can," he said curtly.
"Yes, sir."
"You're also pulling a shift on guard tonight."
"Okay, no problem."
She tied up Dusty and ran back to one of the large supply carts, where two of Dragonwind's men were already pulling long tent poles from the back.  They were heavy and unwieldy, but she managed to prop one on each shoulder and hurried back to the camp area.  She didn't even know that they packed any tents, but it was obvious thing to bring along, since bad weather was always a possibility.  The tents were large enough for a dozen people to sleep inside, and were constructed of long wooden poles linked together with hooks, and long sheets of thin fabric stretched on top to keep off the rain and snow.
Sasha made herself busy carrying most of the tent poles and helping with the sheets of fabric, and did her best to help put the tents together.  She didn't do much but hold the poles still while others strung up the ropes to tie the tent fabric down.
Darl volunteered to help her look for firewood, but there was not much to be had.  The horses were tied to a couple of scrawny, ugly trees, so Sasha and Darl stripped them of branches.  Up on a ridge they found some thorny bushes and the remains of a dead tree, but most of the wood was crumbled and rotten.  They lugged some of it back to camp anyway.
Sasha got some fires going and then helped out with the meals, a task she did nightly.  Once everyone else was given a bowl of soup and a chunk of bread, she finally took some for herself.
She found Darl back by the horses.  "Hey, thanks again for the help," she said as she unhooked the belts holding the saddle in place.  She gently pulled it off and wiped off as much snow as she could before setting it down and covering it with her extra jacket.  The saddle would still be cold in the morning, but at least it wouldn't be wet with snow.
"My pleasure," Darl said.  "I wanted to stretch my legs a bit.  I'm not used to riding all day."
"Me neither.  Do you think the horses will be okay with the snow?"
"Oh, they'll be fine for now.  They'll keep warm as long as we keep moving.  If it gets really cold or starts to blizzard, we can put blankets on them to keep the snow off."
"Okay," Sasha said.  "That's good to hear.  I forgot that I would be riding in cold weather, and I didn't know if Dusty would be comfortable in the cold."
"He's a fine animal, but his winter coat is pretty thin.  I'm guessing you got him down south?"
"Yeah, I got him in Dragon's Tooth right before I left."
Darl nodded and rubbed his hand along Dusty's shoulder.  "Maybe tomorrow we'll put a blanket on him to keep him a bit warmer.  We could ask Noren, he knows more about horses than I do."
They returned to the camp, where a small fire was already burning.  Some of the others went back down the pass to collect some more scraps of wood, which they added to the meager pile.  It wasn't a lot, but it would last until morning.  Sasha sat down on the hard ground and gulped down the remains of her soup, getting a bit of warmth from the fire.
Olfred Brightwell was seated on a rock a few feet from me, leaning toward the fire.  As the weather got progressively colder each night during the trip, he spent more time up by the fire and less time out at the perimeter of the camp.  His unique appearance, both his mixed features and the scar running down his face, made him the center of attention, so he preferred to stay in the background.  
Unlike the rest of them, Olfred could not summon a Charm to warm himself up whenever he wanted.  It was a fact of life that having mixed parentage weakened the effects of any hereditary Charms an individual possessed.  Sasha's own Charms were probably half as powerful as those of a full-blooded Aushar or Verdan, but at least she could use them.  Olfred's family line could be traced back to all the nations in Evios, even the Saruth on his father's side.  As a result, his bloodline was so thinned out that he was incapable of summoning any Charms at all.
The only way for him to get warm was to sit right by the fire.  Even though no one actually said so, they all felt sorry for him, because it was so strange to know someone who couldn't use Charms.  Sasha had never met anyone who actually couldn't use Charms, and it troubled her to think about how that must feel.
Alaster, usually talked about politics in the evening, or bragged about his successful career in Arawend.  But tonight he seemed reserved as he stared glumly into the flames, munching on a stiff piece of bread.  
All around them, snow continued to fall with no end in sight, covering their entire camp in a blanket of white.
Chapter Fifteen
Guard Duty

Dragonwind and the Red Guard captains shared one of the tents, while the other Red Guard soldiers shared the other.  Family members of the Red Guard, as well as all the children, usually slept in the wagons.  Everyone else had to sleep outside, because there were too many people to comfortably fit into the tents.  As soon as the weather turned, Sasha expected to sleep in the snow, but that didn't mean she was looking forward to it.
Thankfully, she didn't have to worry about it right away.  Arick approached the campfire and waved her over, so she got up and walked over to him.
"The two of us are taking first watch," he said.  "Farakas wants one of us standing out in the road and the other back by the camp."
"I'll take the road, then."
"You sure?" he asked, an unfamiliar note of concern in his voice.
Sasha smiled.  "Worried about me?"
"Actually, with you on guard, I'm more worried about the rest of us," he said with a smirk.
She elbowed him in the side and hurried off toward the empty road.  The wagons and carts were lined up as close to the side of the path as possible to allow any other travelers to move around them, although it was unlikely that anyone else would be moving along the road in the middle of the night at this time of year.  The wagons were also set close together to provide some defense if anyone attempted to attack from the road, which was even less likely.
But it was still possible.  Bandits were well-known to traverse the Hale Road to attack unwitting travelers and merchants, using the cliffs to ambush their victims and cut off their escape.  The presence of Fort Wardenhall should cut down on such criminal activity, but Sasha didn't place any trust in it.
The snow fell continuously, piling up on the wagons and tents until it was more than an inch deep on the road.  Some of the light from the campfire reached out to the road, but soon Sasha's eyes adjusted to the darkness and she walked cautiously up and down the road, keeping a sharp eye out for any movement or sound.  She drew her sword and shook her arms to loosen them up.
Sasha's Charm to increase her hearing was not very good, but she summoned it anyway, and  she heard nothing but the hiss of the wind and the subtle rocking of the wagons behind her.  She also summoned a Charm to see more clearly in the dark, but there was nothing to see except little drifts of snow and jagged rocks along the side of the road.
For three hours she wandered up and down the road, staying alert and focusing her attention to catch anything out of the ordinary.  But there were no attacking bandits, no mysterious Icefolk, and not even a single wild animal to interrupt her uneventful watch.
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, I know you are still watching over me, she thought.  Thank you for all you have provided for me, and for keeping me safe this night.  I am your loyal subject always.
One of the Red Guard men came over to take the next watch.  Sasha couldn't remember his name either, since he spent most of his time up with Dragonwind at the head of the caravan.  The only Red Guard who seemed to spend any time with the civilians was the one named Tharigan Frostmorn.
"What's your name again?" she asked.  "I'm sorry, but I don't remember."
The man smiled and stuck out his hand.  He had bright red hair but soft brown eyes, and his beard and hair were both trimmed neatly, unlike Tharigan's.  "I'm Garven Silverhorn.  I know I haven't taken the time to know you.  I apologize for that."
"It's all right," Sasha said, shaking his hand.  "Everything was quiet for me tonight.  Have a good watch."
"Thanks, go ahead and get some sleep."
"I'll do that," Sasha said with a sigh.  She walked off and slid her sword back into the scabbard as she wandered back toward the campfire.  It crackled and snapped weakly, and Sasha gently placed some more tangled wood into the flames to keep it going, being careful not to wake anyone up.  Olfred, Darl, and the others were all curled up around the fire, tucked into their blankets with their hoods up to keep the falling snow off of their faces.  Alaster was propped up against an outcropping of rock, snoring gently.
She checked on Dusty and the other horses one more time, making sure they were all fed and watered and were not uncomfortable.  They all seemed to be okay, but the snow still fell steadily, so she brushed some of the snow off of Dusty's back and then walked back to the campfire to get one of her blankets.  She returned to Dusty and spread the blanket over his back.
"There," she said.  "I hope that helps a little bit."
"Don't you need that for yourself?" came a voice behind her.
She turned to see Arick leaning against one of the bare trees, his thumbs hooked into his belt, his head tilted curiously.  "It's a cold night to be giving away your blankets."
"I have another," Sasha said, glancing at him over her shoulder as she straightened the blanket out on Dusty's back, making sure it covered his rump.  "I'm sure I'll be fine."
Arick shrugged.  "If you say so.  I was hoping maybe you'd be in the mood for something warm this evening."
Sasha chuckled.  "Like what, exactly?"
"How about some mead?  I have a bottle I'd be willing to share."
She wanted to make a sarcastic comment, but a nice mug of spiced mead actually sounded incredibly good at that moment.  Just the thought of it made her feel warm and relaxed.  After a long, boring shift on guard duty, almost nothing sounded better.
"Okay," she agreed.  "I'll have some."
"I have it back there," he said, gesturing on the other side of the camp area.  "Follow me."
He led her around the camp, all the way behind the tents.  There were a few rocky overhangs, and the ground beneath them was brushed clear of snow.  A pair of torches were set up to illuminate the area, where Arick had spread a few black fur blankets to serve as his bed.
He laid down and stretched out comfortably on the thick blankets, and then reached for the bottle of spiced mead.  Propping himself up on one elbow, he casually poured two mugs of mead and then looked up expectantly at Sasha, who stood a few paces away.
She reached out her hand.  "May I have one?"
"I'm afraid you'll have to come down here and get it."
"Come on, Arick."
He sipped one of the mugs and sighed contentedly.  "Mmmm, that's some good mead.  You really should try it.  Helps burn away the cold."
Sasha put her hands on her hips and looked around, feeling both amused and foolish for not expecting Arick to pull a stunt like this.  There was no one around to see them, and they were bordered on one side by the rock face, and on the other by the tents.  Arick managed to find a nice little private place for them, it seemed.
"When are you going to quit fooling around?" she asked, shaking her head.
He gave her an innocent look.  "I'm not fooling around.  I'm being utterly serious.  Why don't you come and lay down with me for the night?  We'll stay nice and warm and dry down here."
"And what if I'm not interested in that?"
"Aren't you?" he asked with a straight face.  "Is it that blacksmith?  What's his name, Barl or something?  I saw you getting pretty cozy with him earlier."
"His name is Darl, and no I'm not interested in him either."
"Then what's the problem?"
"I don't have ..." she started.
"Then come here," Arick said, holding out the mug for her.  He smiled and wiggled the mug in his hand, as if taunting her with it.
Sasha shook her head in annoyance but said nothing.  She turned and looked back in the direction of the camp area, crossing her arms, and Arick waited patiently for her, sipping his mead.  The snow continued to fall.
He's not going to stop until he gets what he wants, she told herself.  And maybe I want it too, maybe I'm just fooling myself into thinking I don't.  But how can do I tell him the truth?
"I lied," she said softly, not looking at him.  "There is a problem."
"I'm sure we can work it out," Arick said soothingly.
"It's just that ?" she started to say, and then she laughed bitterly at herself.  She turned and looked at him.  "I don't even know why I should tell you, because it's none of your damn business.  But I can see that you're not going to leave it alone, so I'll tell you.  I've never been with a man before, okay?  I've never had sex."
She spun back around and took a few steps away, angrily crossing her arms, as if trying to put a shield around herself.  She closed her eyes, her breath coming fast, and she forced herself to calm down and get her emotions under control.
There was a long silence, and when it became too uncomfortable, she finally sighed and turned to look back at Arick, who was sitting upright, his eyebrows arched in an expression of disbelief.  Sasha kept her arms crossed over her chest and held his gaze for a few moments.  She half-expected him to laugh or make some awkward joke, or maybe assume she was just lying to him, but he remained respectfully silent and just looked at her.
Finally, his curiosity got the best of him, and he asked gently, "Why have you kept your purity for so long?  I mean, you're right, it's not my business," he said, raising his hands.  He looked almost as uncomfortable with the knowledge as Sasha was, and that made her feel somewhat better.  He wasn't going to mock her about it.
"I don't know," she lied, shaking her head.  "It just hasn't happened yet.  I can't explain it.  I don't know."
The truth was simple.  She never had time for a man when her father was still alive, and she doubted any man would have been good enough for him anyway.  Some of the men she knew back then weren't interested in her because of her mixed parentage, but most of them were just leery about trying to seduce Orden Snowfire's daughter.  She might have sought a lover when she was young, but her training took up so much of her time, she didn't think it was worth it.
So she remained celibate in order to focus all her attention on her training.  She planned to possibly find a husband when she was done being a soldier, once the rebellion against Riverstorm was done with and Aushara was free.  But then the battle at the Blue Forest happened, throwing her future into disarray.  She spent the next seven years in a cell.  
The guards at Dandrakan, to their credit and to Sasha's surprise, never touched her.  When she first arrived at the prison, she assumed that it was only a matter of time until one of the guards decided to steal her purity by force.  She expected it to happen, feeling a sense of painful irony at the thought that her mother was violated by a Verdan soldier and she was going to suffer the same fate.  If one of them had come into her cell late at night, there was little she could have done to stop them.
But it never happened.  Maybe none of them wanted an Aushar woman.  Maybe Captain Hawkmantle kept a tight handle on his men and would have punished them severely if they had violated her.  Or maybe, she realized, all of the men who joined the Emperor's Legion weren't as cruel and heartless as her mother's attacker.  Maybe some of them were decent men.  It surprised her to think that way about her enemies, but she knew that it was probably true.
Arick got up and walked over to her.  "I'll admit, I'm surprised," he said.
"Nobody else knows."
"I'll keep your secret, don't worry."
Sasha felt a chill and she shivered slightly.  Snow had accumulated on her shoulders while she stood still, and she brushed it off with the back of her hand.
"Here, have a drink," Arick suggested.
He held out his mug for Sasha to take.  She took a hesitant sip, letting the familiar warmth spread down her throat.  Then she sighed and took a longer drink.  The spiced mead immediately filled her with a powerful sense of warmth and good feelings, and she exhaled calmly, holding the mug in both hands.
Arick put his hands over hers, and leaned in close to say, "You're not used to letting your defenses down, are you?  I think I understand you a little better now."  He very gingerly reached up to brush some stray hair out of her face and let his fingers brush her cheek.
"Maybe I should just go," she replied.
"Do you want to go?"
"I don't know."
"I think you're just scared."
"Yes," she admitted.
"You don't have to be."
She looked in his eyes.  "I'm not scared about tonight.  I'm scared about tomorrow.  Are you going to still care about me in the morning?  Or are you going to just laugh about it with your friends and add me to your list of conquests?"
He gave her a playful smile.  "Is that the kind of person you think I am?"
"Yes.  I think that's exactly the kind of person you are."  She lifted the mug to her mouth once more and took another long drink until it was empty.  She sighed contentedly and lowered her hands, then tossed the empty mug into the snow at her feet.
"Well, you're wrong," Arick said.
"Prove it."
Arick laughed softly and rubbed her arm.  "And how would I go about proving something like that?" he asked with a smile, sliding his hand up to her shoulder and then along the side of her neck.  "I can't help it if I'm attracted to you.  And trust me, I'm not the only one.  Barl or Darl or whatever his name is, he's got his eye on you."
"No, he doesn't," Sasha said defensively.  But she knew it was a lie when she said it.
Arick laughed again, and somehow his laugh was contagious, and Sasha found herself smiling involuntarily, not even knowing why.  Arick was standing right in front of her with only a few inches separating them.  I've never let a man stand this close to me, she thought.
"I wonder," Arick said when his laughter died down.   "I wonder how many men have wanted you, just for you to push them away and break their poor little heart."
Sasha scoffed at that.  "Don't be silly.  I don't think men like you even have a heart."
Arick backed away, lifting his hand to his chest, feigning a look of agony.  "Oh!  That hurts!  Now you've gone and broken it!"
Sasha could not help but laugh, although she tried to stifle it unsuccessfully.  She took the opportunity to step away from Arick as he moaned in theatrical pain, putting some space in between them, which made her feel more comfortable.
"All right," Arick said, letting his hands drop to his sides.  "I see that I'll get no sympathy from you.  Do you really trust me so little?"
"Give me a break.  You've been trying to sneak me into your bed since the night we met."
"Well, I guess that's true," he admitted.
"And it's getting very late," Sasha said.  "The sun will be up in a couple of hours, so we should get some sleep."
"We can sleep right here," Arick said, motioning toward the blankets.
"It's not going to happen, okay?" Sasha said, shaking her head.  "I don't ? I don't want to do that with you, not here and not now."
"Well," Arick said, taking a step towards her, "that implies that there might be a time and a place when you will want to.  So I guess I'll just have to be patient."
"Go ahead and think that if you want."
"But in the meantime, how about we get some sleep together?  I promise I won't do anything.  I give you my word.  But stay here with me.  That won't be so bad, will it?"
I do want to.  Maybe it will make it easier for me.  For both of us.
But she remained still, taking a slow breath and looking up into the night sky.  Nothing seemed like the right thing to do.  She felt foolish and stupid, knowing that everyone else overcame such awkward feelings by the time they were done with their teenage years.  But here she was, twenty-six years old and still a child, twisted up inside and confused like a little girl getting some flowers from a boy she liked for the first time.
Arick was still behind her, waiting patiently.  Why couldn't he just leave her alone?  Why did all of this have to be so complicated now?  She didn't want a man in her life, she just wanted to go home to Aushara.  But that wasn't completely true either.
I can't let him know who I really am.  That's why I'm so afraid.  I don't want to lie to him anymore.  But if I stay with him, he's going to find out somehow, or else he'll detect enough holes in my story that he'll get suspicious and I'll have to tell him the truth.  And I don't want to do that.  I can't tell him the truth.  I don't even know why anymore.
She turned to look at him, and saw that he was still standing in the same spot, just waiting for her.  He smiled, and it wasn't some sarcastic smirk like she expected, some victorious "I told you so" grin.  It was an honest smile and she had to look away.
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  Give me strength.  I am so confused and unsure of myself.  Help me understand what to do.  Please point my heart in the right direction.  I am your loyal servant always.
Without a word, Sasha walked over to the blankets spread underneath the rocky overhang, and knelt down upon them.  She sat and pulled off her boots, and unbuttoned and pulled off her jacket as well, since it was now coated with snow.  She wedged her boots and jacket into the corner of the overhang to keep them from getting covered in snow.
"Okay," she breathed.  "I'll sleep here with you, but that's all.  And only for tonight."
Arick came over beside her and sat down as well.  "Only for tonight," he repeated with a solemn nod of his head.
He kicked off his boots as well and set them aside, and stretched out on the blanket.  Sasha laid down beside him, and then he reached over to grab the corner of another thick black blanket and pulled it over both of them.  Sasha lay with her back to him, and he casually pressed up against her and summoned a Charm to spread a comfortable warmth for both of them.  He touched her arm and spoke softly in her ear.
"Good night, Orshana."
"Good night, Arick."
She thought that his presence would prevent her from sleeping, but the heat and the long day and her own exhaustion finally won out, and soon she was fast asleep.
Chapter Sixteen
The Blizzard

Sasha's eyes blinked open and she reached up to push away the edge of the blanket folded over her face.  Immediately, she felt a cool rush of air, which helped wake her up.  Underneath the heavy blankets, it was so hot she was sweating, so she lifted it up some more to let in the cold winter air.  The sun wasn't up, but she could see clearly in the early dawn light.  She hadn't slept long, only a few hours at most.
A white sheet of snow stretched across the ground, their footprints from a few hours before still barely visible.  She turned her head to see Arick fast asleep beside her, and carefully edged away from him until she could crawl out from under the blankets without waking him up.  Although she supposed he was more accustomed to sleeping beside someone, so her movements did not rouse him.
The sky right before dawn was a dim grayish blue, and the mountains above them seemed to glow as the sun began to rise.  Her breath came out as white steam.  She didn't want to suffer through awkward morning conversation with Arick right now, so once she pulled her boots on, she snuck away toward camp, her feet sinking into the snow, which was several inches deep.  It wasn't snowing at the moment, thankfully, but the tents sagged with the weight of the snow on them, and the sky was still overcast, hinting at more snow to come.
After sneaking back behind some rocks to relieve her bladder, she walked around to the camp to see everyone still asleep except for one of the Red Guards, who stood over the gently smoking fire, trying to prod it back to life.  He looked up at Sasha but did not say anything, returning his attention to the fire.
She went back to the horses and patted Dusty's snout as she slid the blanket off his back.  She placed her hands against his side and was relieved to see that he felt warm and dry.  He fidgeted a bit, so she placed his feed bag over his mouth to give him something to eat.  The other horses all seemed good as well despite the heavy snow.
She brushed off a rock and sat down to watch the sun creep over the mountains.  She didn't feel too tired, despite getting so little sleep, but she expected that by the middle of the day she would be exhausted.  She thought about going back to sleep, but soon the others would be awake anyway, so she didn't think it was worth it.
Sooner or later, I'm going to have to deal with Arick, she thought.  Maybe I was wrong about him, maybe he isn't the kind of person I thought.  For a little while last night, he acted like he really cared about me.  And he did keep his word, at least.  He didn't try anything once we were lying together, but maybe he just fell asleep like I did.
The truth about the matter was that she simply didn't have enough romantic experience with men to tell how he really felt.  He made constant jokes about getting her into bed with him, so she assumed that was all he really wanted, the way drunken revelers at a tavern propositioned the waitresses, hoping for a companion for the night.  But she wondered if maybe she was just looking at it the wrong way.  She wasn't a waitress, after all, and Arick wasn't some flirting drunk.  He was her traveling companion, her fighting instructor, her friend.  She wanted to trust him.
But it was so hard to tell the difference between a man who only wanted her for her body, and a man who truly cared about her.  She didn't know how other women could discern between the two.  Perhaps they didn't even bother.  Maybe they just went after the men they were physically attracted to as well, and hoped for the best.
She was attracted to Arick, she could not lie to herself about that.  He was easy to be attracted to.  Strong, handsome, funny, charming, maybe a bit mysterious.  And it was precisely those qualities that confused her so much.  A man like Arick could probably have almost any woman he wanted.  If he directed his attention to Dravina or Polla, they'd be more than willing to share his bed with him.  So why did he insist on pestering her?  Because he truly cared about her?  Or maybe he just enjoyed the challenge?
She shook her head and sighed, propping her head in her hands.  She would just have to wait and see how things played out.  There was no sense in worrying about it now.  Tonight, she'd sleep by the campfire with the others, that was the only thing she knew for sure.
She wandered back to the camp once the sun was up, casting a bright yellow glow across the sky.  A metal pot hung above the fire to boil some water, and someone had dug out a pack of hard biscuits to serve as breakfast.  Everyone was slowly waking up and emerging from their cocoon  of blankets, brushing off the snow that covered them during the night.  Olfred stood up with his blanket hanging over his shoulders like a shawl and he clutched it tight as he glanced around, letting out a breath that turned to white mist.
"It's not snowing anymore," he said sleepily.  "That's good news, right?"
"For the moment," Sasha said.  "I don't think we're done with the snow just yet."
After they all had something to eat and drink, it was time to start packing and getting ready to move out.  Disassembling the tents would take awhile, so Sasha expected Dragonwind to order them to get started as soon as possible.
"Here," Darl said as he handed her a rolled up blanket.  "This one is yours.  I used it last night since you left it here."
"Oh, thanks," she said.
"I hope you got a little sleep, at least," he said with a grin, and then ducked away before Sasha could respond.
She decided to ignore the comment, and went about packing up the rest of her things.  She dug out her saddle from under a pile of snow, grateful that she had covered it up, and went about putting it back on Dusty, who munched happily on his feed bag while she looped the straps under him and buckled it all together.  Then she hung her packs from the back of the saddle and made sure she left nothing behind.
She heard Dragonwind shouting orders, and he called her name.  "Orshana!  Where's that girl at?"
"I'm here," she said, hurrying through the camp and running up to him.
He pointed at her forcefully.  "You're going out ahead of us to scout the road.  Go for at least five leagues ahead and see how bad the snow is.  Take Luther with you.  Then get back here as soon as you can."
"Yes, sir.  My horse ready to go.  I can leave immediately."
Dragonwind glanced at her with something approaching satisfaction.  "Good, get to it then," he said as he walked away to bark orders at someone else.
A few minutes later, she rode Dusty out to the snow-covered road and pulled her hood up.  As if it had been waiting for them to all get up, the snow began to fall again.  At first, she thought it was just loose snow blown off the rocky cliffs, but one look up showed that it was coming from the sky.  
A teenage boy came out from between the wagons, riding a black horse that seemed too big for him.  Sasha had seen him around the caravan, but didn't know much about him.  He was tall in a lanky way, with bright brown eyes and long hair tied in a plain ponytail.  He wore a Red Guard emblem on his black jacket, although Sasha was certain he wasn't actually member of the Red Guard because he was too young.
"Are you Luther?" she asked.
"I am," he replied, sitting up straight in the saddle.  "You're Orshana, right?  I was told to come with you and scout ahead to see what the weather is like."
"That's me.  Let's get going, then," she said.
She tapped Dusty's side with her heels and he trotted forward, kicking up snow.  Luther followed at her side and the two of them headed off down the road.  The snow was a few inches deep, which was no problem for the horses.  The entire road seemed to glisten and shine as the rising sun reflected off the flawless white surface, and Sasha tucked her hood down a bit to cut down on the glare.  It was not unheard of for a traveler through Aushara to get temporarily blinded by the snow.
"Are you training to join the Red Guard?" Sasha asked.
"Not really," Luther said with a shrug.  "My father is Garven Silverhorn, he's one of Lord Dragonwind's captains.  I'm just using one of his coats for now.  I've been asking my father for days to give me something important to do.  I guess I got my wish."
"I met your dad last night.  I was on watch and he took over for me."
"You didn't already meet him before now?" Luther asked.
"We were introduced back when I joined the caravan, but last night was the first time I got the chance to talk to him."
"I see.  Yeah, he spends most of his time with Lord Dragonwind and the other captains.  They're a pretty tight-knit group."
They made their way through a winding section of the road, and Sasha turned her face away against the harsh wind whipping through the pass and sending snow stinging into her eyes.  She summoned a Charm to block the wind, creating a shield around her face.   During a lull in the wind, she could see that it was snowing harder as well.  Now that the sun was up and she could get a better view, she saw that the sky was full of storm clouds all the way to the horizon, signaling more snow to come.  Just up ahead, the sky was growing dark gray already, even as the sun was shining.  
"You're the woman that Arick's been talking about, right?" Luther asked casually.
"I suppose I am," Sasha said stiffly.  "Why?  What's he been saying about me?"
Luther shrugged.  "The usual, I guess.  He said you're really pretty and all that kind of thing, and he's been trying to get to know you better."
I bet he has.  "That's what he said, huh?"
"Yeah, he must really like you."
"Why do I get the feeling he told you to tell me that?"
"He didn't say anything to me," Luther said, his face betraying no hint of dishonesty.  "I just thought you'd like to know, is all."
"Well, I already knew about it.  But thanks anyway."
Luther gave her a sideways glance.  "To be honest, I'm not sure what he sees in you.  He made me think you were some kind of beautiful Aushar goddess.  Don't get me wrong, you're okay-looking.  But you're not really my type."
Sasha had to laugh at him.  "Please, you're still young.  You don't have a type yet."
"I'm seventeen," Luther said defensively.  "I'm not a child."
Sasha wanted to say something to put him in his place, but then she thought back and realized that when she was seventeen, she was already an experienced fighter, having taken part in several raids already.  She killed her first man in combat at the tender age of eighteen.  Luther most likely had not seen action like that, but for the moment she decided to give him the benefit of the doubt.
The snow fell more and more steadily as they continued along the road, and the wind picked up as well until it was almost a constant force pushing against them, blinding them with snow and forcing them to slow their pace.  Even with their Charms to block the wind, it was hard to see.  They both pulled their hoods tightly around their faces and continued onward, pushing their horses through the snow, which drifted up to several feet deep along the sides of the road, although the center was still only about one foot deep.  It was hardly easy going, but Sasha didn't think the wagons would have a bad time of it.
They crested a ridge and headed downhill into a sloping valley in between two towering mountainsides of rock, and the road widened out until it was almost a hundred feet from side to side.  Almost as soon as they made their down way into the valley, the storm seemed to intensify in the space of a few minutes.  Soon, they were blanketed with heavy snow and forced to stop momentarily.  The visibility was reduced to just a few feet in front of them as the wind picked up once more, blowing sideways across the road, creating a complete whiteout in front of them.
"I can't see anything," Luther complained, holding his hand against the side of his face to block the wind so he could talk.
"Me neither," Sasha said back.  She summoned a Charm to give her a burst of warmth against the bitterly cold wind.
"Do you think we should head back or keep going?"
"Dragonwind wanted us to go at least five leagues ahead."
"We should tell him about this storm."
"Yeah, you're right.  Let's head back."
They turned around and rode back down the road the way they came.  It wasn't too long before they encountered the caravan heading up the road, led by Dragonwind and his men.  It looked like they had just gotten started after packing up the tents.  The snow fell heavily here as well already, and Dragonwind gave the order for the wagons to stop as Sasha and Luther came riding up to them.
"It's pretty bad up there," Sasha said.
"I see that," Dragonwind said shortly, gesturing at the gray sky.  "Is it coming this way?"
"I think so.  It looks like it's sweeping southwest."
"Coming right at us, damn it all," Dragonwind grunted, clenching his jaw.
"We couldn't see ten feet in front of our faces," Luther added.
"But how deep is the snow?" one of the Red Guards asked.  "Will the wagons get stuck?"
"I don't think so," Sasha answered.  "It's maybe a foot deep in the center of the road, but it's getting deeper every minute we wait."
Tharigan Frostmorn was there, shaking his head in disappointment.  "I hate to say it, Farakas.  But it was a mistake to come this way.  We'll get snowed in if we aren't careful, and we don't have the supplies to make it through a major storm."
"Do you suggest we turn around?" Dragonwind snapped.
"We gave it a shot," Tharigan said evenly.  "But we knew ahead of time that the weather was going to be bad, and we might get turned back.  There is no use in trying to force our way through the storm."
Sasha spoke up, eliciting a glare from Dragonwind.  "And go back to Arawend?" she said rhetorically.  "I don't like that idea either."
Garven Silverhorn leaned forward in his saddle.  "We can stop at one of the villages north of Arawend and resupply if we have to, and then head west instead.  That was always our alternative plan if the weather got too bad."
Dragonwind gritted his teeth and stared at his men, and Sasha got the distinct feeling that there was something they weren't saying, some hidden undertone that she was ignorant of.
"What about Fort Wardenhall?" another Red Guard said.  "How far away are we?"
"Two days, at the very least," Dragonwind said.
"They'll offer us shelter there, they'll have to.  If we can make it to the fort then we can wait out the rest of the storm there."
Dragonwind simmered angrily for a few moments, as if he could disperse the coming snowstorm with the heat of his own anger.  His red eyes seemed to glow as he stared down the road.  Finally, he turned to his other men.
"What will it be?  I say we keep going," he barked.
Two of them felt it would be safer to turn around now and try to outrun the storm on its way south, but four of the Red Guards wanted to keep going and make it to the fort, including Garven.  They didn't bother to ask anyone else in the caravan, since Dragonwind and his men were in charge.  If anyone else didn't want to risk the storm, they were free to leave.
"What about you?" Dragonwind said sharply.  Sasha was surprised he asked her.
"I'm with you," she said immediately.  "Let's try to get through it.  We can always change our mind later today if it gets to hard to go on."
"I agree," Luther said.  "I think we can make it."
"Good," Dragonwind said, ending the conversation.
Sasha said a quick goodbye to Luther and then headed back to the rear of the caravan, where Darl and the others were all waiting as the snow continued to fall around them.
Alaster was bundled up in several thick coats, so much that he looked like a fat man riding on his horse.  "There's a blizzard coming down, isn't there?" he asked intently.
"Yeah, there is."
"Are we heading back?"
"Nope."  Even as she said it, the wagons began to move again, and they all followed after.
Darl came up beside her, his face wrapped in a scarf.  "How bad is it?"
"It's snowing pretty hard, but I've seen worse.  Dragonwind decided to keep going until we can make it to the Verdan fort.  If the weather is still bad by then, we can stay at the fort until it gets better."
"What if they don't let us stay there?" Alaster asked.
Olfred spoke from behind them.  He was seated up at the front of a cart, beside the old man Noren, who seemed uninterested in their conversation.   "They have to give us shelter," Olfred said, bundled up in heavy blankets.  "The whole reason they built the fort was to help travelers."
Alaster shook his head.  "I don't think this is a good idea."
"It's either make it to the fort, or we turn around right now and head back to Verdana," Sasha said.  "And I didn't come all this way just to let a little snow stop me."
"I'd say this is more than just a little snow," Alaster said.
Darl looked over at him and said, "We'll be perfectly fine.  It's not like anyone has ever gotten trapped up here in the middle of a snowstorm and frozen to death, right?"  Underneath his scarf, he must have been smiling.
"You make jokes," Alaster muttered.  "But this is serious."
Sasha decided to change the subject.  "How are you doing back there, Olfred?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at him.
He shrugged heavily under his blankets.  There was already snow piled up around him, and some of it tumbled down in a miniature avalanche when he moved his shoulders.  "I'm fine as long as I stay wrapped up like this.  I'm quite warm, as a matter of fact.  Except for my face, of course.  And how are you doing?"
"I'm fantastic," Sasha said with a short laugh.
It wasn't long before the snowstorm was truly upon them.  Before they even reached the section of the road that passed through the wide valley, the snow and wind began to assault them with the full force of nature's fury.  Their surroundings became little more than a swirling torrent of white and gray, and visibility was reduced to almost nothing.  Conversation stopped, as they all had to bend their heads down and lean into the wind, and no one wanted to waste energy talking.  Using Charms to block the wind would be nothing but a waste of energy.  Snow blasted against them and stuck to their clothing until they were all caked in white.
The horses shook and fidgeted against the cold and the wind, and they had to take it slow because the snow covered up stones and rocks and other unstable sections of the road.  A few times, one of the horses stumbled or had difficulty walking through the deeper drifts of snow.  Dusty didn't seem to have any problems, but he didn't enjoy it either.  Sasha leaned against his mane to speak in his ear, and the sound of her voice seemed to calm him down just a bit.
The snow did not abate or diminish at all for the rest of the day.  Sometimes it seemed to increase in intensity, but it was snowing so hard that it was impossible to tell.  They couldn't even see the mountains anymore, their surroundings were completely obscured by the endless haze of white.  All they could do was follow the wagons, which were little more than large square shadows hovering up in front of them.  If they slowed down they would lose sight of the wagons, but there was no real danger in that, since they could only move in one direction anyway.
"Still think this is a good idea?" Darl asked her at one point, his voice muffled by the scarf.
"I never said it was a good idea," Sasha replied.  "I just said it was better than the alternative."
"Do you still think that?"
"Ask me tomorrow morning."
Usually, they stopped at midday for a short break, but Dragonwind ordered them to keep moving.  Luther rode down the length of the caravan, handing out some dried meat and hard cheese to everyone for lunch.  But except for that short interruption, the entire day was spent trudging through the snow with no end in sight.
Eventually, the day grew dark and they were forced to stop.  Dragonwind decided to make their camp right in the middle of the road instead of moving to the side like they had done the night before.  Sasha guessed that he was concerned about the possibility that the wagons might get stuck in the snow.  Besides, there was little chance that they would encounter any other travelers at this point, so they wouldn't inconvenience anyone by blocking the road.
Dragonwind ordered the four main wagons to line up in a square formation, and then sent people to get the tents.  But instead of setting them up normally, his men stretched the tent fabric across from one wagon to another to create a larger space inside.  The wagons would serve as walls to block the wind and snow.  Sasha helped out by climbing on top of one of the wagons and holding the fabric in place so that it could be nailed down.  The wind threatened to knock her right off the wagon, but she held her place and then moved onto the next wagon to hold the fabric down again.
As they stretched out the tent fabric over top the wagons, Darl and Alaster and a few others were ordered to shovel out as much snow as possible from their makeshift shelter.  Once that was done, they blocked up the spaces between the wagons with more strips of tent fabric.
Some of the crates and barrels for food and supplies were now empty, so they broke them up and started a camp fire right in the middle of their shelter.  They left two flaps of fabric open above the fire to let the smoke out, and had some water boiling for stew before they were even done nailing down all the fabric.
It was not a perfect shelter, but it would last the night.  Wind and snow still crept in from the corners and wherever the tent fabric didn't reach, but the camp fire would keep the cold at bay.  There was almost enough room inside for everyone to get some sleep, although anyone sleeping too close to the flames had to be careful not to catch their blankets on fire.
All the horses were fed, and blankets were draped over them to give them some protection from the snow.  The remaining sheets of tent fabric were used to build a partial shelter for the horses as well, but it only covered the front half of their bodies, leaving their hindquarters exposed to the elements.  Throughout the night, the guards would check on them to make sure all the horses were okay.  The only good news was that despite the heavy snow and wind, it was actually not as cold as it could have been.  Extreme cold was a far greater danger than snow.  If it got too cold, some of the horses could die from exposure, and they needed all the horses to pull the wagons and carts.
By the time Sasha got her bowl of stew, she was absolutely exhausted from the long day, compounded by not getting enough sleep the night before, and she slumped down against one of the wagon wheels inside the shelter.  It was cramped and loud inside from so many people crammed in together, the air was full of smoke, and the fabric ceiling flapped noisily from the wind.  But at the moment, she was safe and relatively dry, and the hearty stew created a comforting warmth that spread through her tired body.
Someone sat down beside her and she glanced up to see that it was Arick.  His face was red from the cold, and wet snow still dripped from his clothes and hair.  He held his bowl of stew in both hands and lifted it to his lips to slurp it straight from the bowl.
He groaned tiredly and leaned back against the side of the wagon, setting the half-empty bowl in his lap.  "So," he sighed, "How was your day?"
"Long and cold," Sasha muttered.
"I didn't get to see you this morning."
"I know."
"You must have left me before the sun even came up."  He plucked a chunk of potato out of his stew with his fingers and popped it into his mouth.
"I needed some time alone to think."
"I understand."
"No, Arick," Sasha said, shaking her head slightly.  "I don't think you really do."
"Then why don't you tell me?"
"Not here.  Maybe later."
Arick finished his stew and then stood up to take off his wet coat.  He hung it on the side of the wagon to dry out, and Sasha briefly considered doing the same, but she was still tired and didn't want to stand up.  She drank the last of the water from her stew and shifted her position on the ground.  It was impossible to scoop every bit of snow out of their makeshift shelter, so now the seat of her pants was soaked through from sitting in a puddle of melted snow.
Rolls of blankets and thick furs were brought in and everyone took a pile and tried to shake the snow off.  Sasha finally decided to stand up as Arick came over to her, squeezing in between the other people packed into the shelter.  He dumped two thick furs right onto the ground to serve as a bed, and then took a seat.  He pulled off his heavy boots and set them aside.
Sasha looked around and tried to decide where she was going to sleep.  Darl, Olfred, and Alaster were seated together in the opposite corner, with Olfred closest to the camp fire, as usual.  Dragonwind's men took up most of the room, while Noren and the other cart drivers, as well as some members of the Red Guards' families, were all packed inside as well.  Already, most of them were lying down and curling up in as many blankets as they could get their hands on, so there was little space left for anyone to lie down.
Arick stretched out onto his back and put his hands behind his head.  He looked up at Sasha curiously and said, "Come on, you've had a long day.  Why don't you just lie down here?  There's some space here beside me."
She shook her head.  "No, I don't think so."
"Why not?"
"Because ..."
Because Luther said you've been talking about me.  I don't want to lie there next to you where everyone can see us.  I don't want them to think that we're together.
It was almost as if he could read her mind.  "No one cares if you sleep here next to me," he said quietly.  "And even if they did care, why do you care what anyone thinks?"
"I don't know," she said awkwardly.  "But I told you that last night was the only time."
"This is different.  We're all packed in here together.  You'll have to sleep next to someone, so why not sleep next to me?"
The last thing she wanted was to get into another discussion right here in front of everyone, and she felt angry at Arick for drawing her into one, even though she knew it wasn't his fault.  And he was right, she had to sleep next to someone.  Trying to find somewhere else to sleep next to would draw more attention than just lying down with him right now.
"Okay," she said, kneeling down beside him.  "But the rules from last night still apply, all right?  No fooling around, let's just get some sleep."
He smiled at her and chuckled.  "Even I wouldn't try to do that here in front of everyone.  I'm not into public performances."
Sasha laughed as well, feeling silly about it.  She removed her boots and two layers of jackets, and then curled up on the furs.  Arick once again pulled the blankets over the two of them, and Sasha relaxed a bit as she began to warm up.  There were murmurs of voices in the shelter from people talking sleepily with each other, and the crackle and hiss of the fire.  And behind that, the howl of the wind and the rattle of the wagons creaking against it.
The night before, she slept with her back to him, but this time she decided to roll over and face him.  Folding her hands under her head, she closed her eyes and tried to let herself fall asleep.  But she could feel Arick's eyes on her, so she opened her own and saw him looking at her.
"Go to sleep," she said.
"I thought we might talk for a bit."
"Talk about what?"
"We could talk about last night, if you want.  I wanted to talk this morning, but you snuck away before I even woke up."
"Well, I don't want to talk about last night."
"You know," Arick said gently, "It's not as bad as you think it is.  You don't have to be afraid."
"I'm not afraid of anything."
"Yes, you are.  But something else is bothering you, I can tell."
"I don't know what you're talking about," she said firmly.
Arick said nothing for a few moments, but he kept his steady gaze on her, and she felt increasingly exposed under the intensity of his brown eyes.  
"Just leave me alone, Arick, please?" she said exasperatedly.  "Just let it go.  You've helped me a lot and I appreciate it, you know that.  And I like you, I really do.  I want to stay friends, but that's all we can be, all right?  Just friends.  Don't ask me for more than that."
"I just want to know what's bothering you so much.  I know there's something you're not telling me," he said softly.  "What happened to make you so afraid of letting your guard down?  Did someone hurt you?  Did something bad happen to someone you cared about?"
"Just stop, Arick," she said, her voice little more than a whimper.  She rolled back over, facing away from him, and let out a trembling breath.  The genuine concern in his voice was like a Charm meant to melt away the ball of ice that seemed to have formed in her lungs.  The tightness in her chest spread up her throat and then her cheeks began to hurt because she was closing her eyes so tightly, as if fighting back tears.  But she didn't want to cry, she just wanted to hide from him.  But there was nowhere for her to hide.
He reached up and put his hand on her arm reassuringly.  "It's okay, I'm sorry.  You don't have to tell me.  But I want you to know that if you want to talk, I'll be here."
"I'm sorry too," she said finally, barely able to find her voice.
I'm sorry that I can't tell you the truth.  Everything I've told you about my life is a lie, and I can't confess that to you right now.  I don't know if I can ever tell you the truth.  And I'm afraid of what might happen if I do.
And I'm sorry that I can't let myself care about you.  I'm sorry that I'm so afraid, because everyone I have ever cared about has died.
"Good night," he said, giving her arm one more supportive touch before he pulled his hand away, letting her go.
Part of her hated Arick for doing this to her, for putting her in such an uncomfortable position.  He had no right to ask her questions like that, and no right to push his affection and then his concern on her that way.  It was manipulative and controlling, and she hated him for it.  But the genuine emotion in his voice overshadowed everything else.
It would have been so much easier if all Arick wanted was her body.  She could just push him away without a thought.  But he wanted more than that, he wanted to understand her, he wanted the truth.  And she couldn't give that to him either.  Somehow, she was unlucky enough to run into the one Aushar man in all of Verdana who would develop genuine feelings for her.
They said nothing else, and eventually Sasha felt herself beginning to drift off to sleep.  But her thoughts were muddled and confused, and when she dreamed, her dreams were strange and irrational, full of random images and bizarre visions.  Peaceful sleep, it seemed, would elude her for a second night in a row.
Chapter Seventeen
Coming in Out of the Cold

Two days of travel turned into four.  Each morning, they had to tear down the shelter and dig themselves out of the mountain of snow that had buried them during the night.  Each night, they had to rebuild the shelter again, and it grew more difficult each time, as the struggles of travel pushed them closer toward utter exhaustion.  As a result, they spent less time each day actually making forward progress.  And the snow never stopped for even a minute the entire time.
They forced their way through drifts of snow five feet high, and braced themselves against the force of the wind when they passed through open areas where they were most exposed to the weather.  The wind was like a knife of ice stabbing them in the heart, and everyone exhausted themselves each day summoning their warmth Charm over and over to keep from freezing, but the wind would just suck the heat right back out of them within seconds.
Two horses died, and Dragonwind seemed relieved that it was only two.  The other animals, including Dusty, suffered and became lethargic due to the constant cold, but they were given plenty of rest at night and extra food as well to help them keep their energy up.
Sasha could not say the same for herself.  After four days of pushing through the blizzard, she was weak and exhausted.  Dragonwind ordered her to help build their shelter each night, and she barely had the energy afterward to eat dinner before passing out asleep beside Arick, just to wake up unrefreshed and hungry in the morning.  The others weren't faring much better.  Arick didn't even have the energy to crack jokes or even talk to her much when they laid down for bed each night.  Sasha, almost against her will, grew comfortable with his presence beside her while they slept, and when she awoke on the fourth morning with his arm around her, she didn't mind.
The sky seemed to get darker earlier each night, so that she felt they only traveled for a few short hours, and even that was enough to suck all the energy right out of her.  How many leagues had they traveled through the blizzard so far?  It felt like they only made it about a league or two before they had to set up camp again, but she knew it must be more than that.  She slumped forward in her saddle and closed her eyes, barely able to feel the bite of the wind, wondering if she could sleep sitting up.  Beneath her, Dusty walked slowly, and she knew he was suffering even more than she was.
"Are you okay?" came a muffled voice beside her.  It was Darl, his face wrapped in a scarf that was frosted with ice.  
"I'm so tired.  I don't know how much longer we can go like this."
"I heard Noren say that we've made it to Thunder Point.  The fort must be close."
"I hope so.  We can't stay out here another night."
In answer to her wish, a few minutes later she heard someone up ahead of them crying out.  She forced herself to look up, and through the haze of snow, she could just make out a dim shape taking form in the distance, marked by blurry orange lights that shone against the dark gray sky.
"There it is!" she heard Alaster cry in relief.  "Oh, praise the Warden!"  
Fort Wardenhall rose up over the horizon like a huge black shadow.  It was situated up on a long but narrow ledge about twenty feet above the road and was connected to a wide bridge that spanned the mountain pass to a smaller structure on the other side.  Beneath the bridge was a wooden gate that blocked the entire road and was now completely caked with snow and ice.  Snow drifted up in front of the door almost fifteen feet high, preventing them from passing through even if they intended to.  Torch fires burned along the top of the bridge and at either end, and large fires also marked the four corner towers of the fort itself.  The fires wavered and sputtered in the wind, but remained burning in defiance of the blizzard.
They heard the sound of a warbling trumpet announce their presence.  Although she couldn't see them, Sasha assumed there were guards on duty, positioned up along the top of the bridge.  She could not even imagine what it must be like for the guards manning the bridge above the gate, standing right in the path of the bitter wind and blowing snow during long periods on guard duty, standing right out in the open in the middle of a snowstorm like this.  The guards at the fort were probably not Aushar, which meant they couldn't use any warmth Charms either, which made it even more unbelievable that they could stand being stuck out in the snow.
Gradually they all came to a stop, the wagons at the head of the caravan right in front of the huge gate.  Darl came up beside her and gave her an affectionate pat on the shoulder.  "We made it!" he laughed.  "I almost don't believe it!"
"Hello!" someone yelled from above.  "Please identify yourselves!"
Dragonwind was up at the front of the caravan so Sasha couldn't see him, but she heard his voice boom out, "My name is Farakas Dragonwind of the Red Guard!  I'm in charge of this caravan!  We're traveling from Arawend to Long Hearth!"
"You must be mad to try to travel in this weather!" the guard called back down.  "Stay where you are, we'll send some men down to you."
Access to the fort was by a narrow incline on the left side of the road that seemed to have been carved right into the rocky ledge.  Sasha wondered how they expected to get the wagons up and into the fort, before she realized that they would do no such thing.  The wagons and carts would have to remain here in the road.  
A trio of guards wearing the blue and gold colors of Verdana tramped down the steep road through knee-deep snow and went to the front of the caravan, presumably to talk to Dragonwind.  Dusty fidgeted underneath her and shook his head, puffing out a breath of white steam.
"It's okay," she said wearily, patting his neck with a gloved hand.  "We're almost safe.  Just a little bit longer and we'll get you in a stable where you'll be nice and warm.  And maybe I can find some place to be nice and warm as well."
Several minutes passed, and then a rider came in their direction.  It was Arick, bundled up in his heavy black coat, with a black scarf around his face, which flapped like a banner in the wind.  He rode into the middle of the group so they could all hear him.  Sasha, Darl, Alaster, and the others on horseback all gathered around.
"What's the hold up?" Alaster said irritably.
"They won't let us into the fort until they've verified who we are," Arick said.  "Dragonwind's going to sign for us.  But they're going to want all of our names, where we've come from, why we're traveling, that sort of thing.  It might take a little while."
Sasha said nothing  She had expected this kind of treatment almost as soon as she learned that there was a fort along the Hale Road, but to see it first hand annoyed her, since they were forced to stay out in the snow even longer.  As Olfred had commented to her earlier, Verdana claimed the fort was there to provide security for travelers, but its real purpose was to restrict travel completely, forcing anyone navigating the Hale Road to give identification and provide their reasons for traveling.  There were other forts along the Sanshos Road and the Elamare Road as well, to further restrict free travel.  Any Aushar going south would be recorded and his name taken.  Sasha wondered if they did the same for Verdans going north.
However, on the other hand, she was extremely happy that the fort was here to provide shelter for them.  They managed to make it four days through the blizzard, but she didn't know if they could go on much longer without suffering greater losses.  As much as she hated the fact that the Verdans built the fort in he first place, she was incredibly relieved that they had.  If taking their names was the price they had to pay to spent a warm night in a real bed, then so be it.
It took almost another half an hour before they were finally cleared to head up to the fort.  The wagons, the carts, and most of their supplies would remain in the road, although there was certainly no fear of anyone stealing their property.  But everyone would be allowed to stay at the fort until the storm was finally over, and their horses would all be brought into the fort as well.
"Do they have enough room for all of us?" Darl asked.
"Yeah," Arick said.  "The place is bigger than it looks."
"Then what are we waiting for?" Alaster snapped as he rode past them.
The fort looked small from their position on the road, but once they started up the incline to the front gate, they could get a better view of how far it extended back along the ledge.  The front side was narrow, and most of the front wall was take up by the gate itself.  But the rocky ledge extended at an angle back along the rear side of the fort, so that the perimeter wall was roughly in the shape of a triangle with one tip missing.  The interior of the fort was more spacious than it seemed from the outside.
The walls were about twenty feet high, built from huge logs shipped from Verdana, and the corner towers reached up to thirty feet.  The towers had conical wooden roofs designed to prevent snow from building up on top.  Sasha saw guards on duty in the towers, silhouetted by the large fires, with crossbows in their hands.  From their vantage point, they could probably see for leagues and leagues in every direction, although right now their visibility wouldn't be much better than hers.
They made their way through the main gate, feeling a short moment of relief once they were within the walls, because they no longer felt the bite of the wind.  Sasha shivered and thought about brushing snow from her arms and legs, but she was too tired to bother.  A handful of Verdan guards watched them enter the fort and directed them to wide stables along the side wall facing the road.  Sasha saw another gate directly across from them, for the visitors entering from the Aushar side of the Hale Road.  Currently it was blocked with a drift of snow ten feet high.
It felt strange to voluntarily enter a Verdan fort, since her last visit to a fort lasted seven long years.  She bristled at the sight of the armed guards watching them from the wall, but tried not to let her discomfort show.  She followed the others over to the stable and dismounted, her legs and lower back tired and sore.
"Here, let me," Darl offered, taking Dusty's reins.
"No, I've got it," Sasha said wearily.
The stable was long and narrow and it didn't have enough stalls for all their horses.  Some of the wagon horses were tied at the back of the stable for now.  Sasha led Dusty to an empty stall and clumsily unbuckled his saddle, letting it fall to the floor.  Dusty immediately whinnied and shook a bit, knocking snow from his hooves.  The stable was hardly warm inside, but it was much better than being out in the cold, and would probably warm up now that it was full of horses.
A young man appeared at the entrance, dressed in a thick black coat.  He introduced himself as Tolmas and told them that he would get the horses fed and taken care of.  Sasha would have preferred to feed and brush Dusty herself, but she was simply too tired, so she gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder and then walked off to let Tolmas take care of him.
Back outside, the guards were closing the gate.  Dragonwind and his men were standing out in the yard, talking with some of the Verdan soldiers, and Sasha spied Arick there as well, standing off to the side and watching the conversation.  Snow blew over the wall and swirled around in the middle of the yard, where the snow was about a foot deep.
Sasha wrapped her arms around herself and looked around the fort, unsure where she was supposed to go.  She saw Darl and Alaster walking away toward the back of the fort, where two buildings sat facing each other in the far corner.  They were both two stories tall, and Sasha guessed one of them was the guards' quarters.  The other one was likely the commander's office and maybe the armory.
Directly across from the stable was another building with a short second story that Sasha assumed was some kind of storage shed.  There were some carts off to the side of the gate, currently buried in snow, but there didn't seem to be much else out in the yard.  In fact, the interior of the fort was curiously empty, although she supposed they had packed away most of their supplies once the snow began.
Sasha walked off after Darl and Alaster, and caught up with them as they approached the first building, where about a dozen more people from the caravan were waiting in the snow.  She spotted Olfred, bundled in so many heavy cloaks so that he could barely walk.  Two Verdan guards were there giving instructions.
"... in the morning," one of them was saying.  "You can follow us and get something to eat in the dinner hall.  But if you have any other questions, you'll just have to save them for tomorrow when you can talk with the Captain.  Everyone understand?"
"So where is this dinner hall?" Alaster asked.
"Right in there," the guard said, pointing behind him.
Sasha spoke up, "Where do we get to sleep?"
"I already explained that."
"Well I just got here, so I didn't hear you."
"That way," the guard said in an annoyed tone, pointing at the other building.  "There should be enough beds on the first floor, but if not, there are extra beds upstairs."
"Thank you," Sasha said, already walking in that direction.
"Aren't you going to get something to eat?" Darl asked.
Sasha shook her head.  "No, I'm too tired, I just want to go to sleep.  I'll see you in the morning, okay?"
"All right, have a good night."
Snow had drifted up in front of the door, so Sasha had to yank hard to get it open.  She squeezed inside and closed the door behind her.  It was probably still cold inside, but her body felt so frozen that it felt nice and warm to her.  The hallway was dimly lit with small oil lamps, and she walked aimlessly down a hallway, not entering the first few rooms that she passed.  Each room seemed to have a row of four or five beds but no other furniture, and most of them looked like they had not been slept in recently.  Vaguely, Sasha wondered where the guards all slept, since they clearly didn't sleep here.
Sasha was too tired to spend much time looking around.  She entered the last room in the back, hoping that this way she would not be awakened as more people drifted into the building later on.   She fumbled out of her jacket and boots and collapsed onto one of the beds, which was little more than a thin mattress on a wooden pallet.  Sasha didn't care, to her it was the most comfortable bed in the entire world.
All that mattered was that they survived the storm and were finally safe and sound, and that she could finally get some rest.  She was asleep less than a minute later.
Chapter Eighteen
Sasha, Age 14

White Flame was located at the mouth of the Heart River where it emptied into the Sea of Ice in northern Aushara.  It stretched across both sides of the river, with long, arched white bridges spanning the water to connect the two sides of the city.  During the short summer, the ice in the bay melted and allowed ships to come back and forth from the southern nations carrying loads of wheat, grain, and other crops.  Ships from the city sailed south with furs and metal goods and weapons, bound for Verdana and Orthasa and even across the ocean to the far continent of Avandios.  Trade flourished during the summer, but once the sea froze up with ice once again, the merchants and foreigners would disappear from its streets for the winter.
Sasha had never been to White Flame before, so she was thrilled to have the chance to see it for the first time.  It was a three-day sled ride from the village, almost straight across the uninhabited wasteland, where there was nothing to see from horizon to horizon.  During the trip, Sasha sat up in the sled and gazed across the snow-covered plains, occasionally catching a glimpse of something in the distance.  It was probably just a deer, or perhaps a snow bear, but she always liked to think it was one of the Icefolk watching their passage across the ice.
The first glimpse of the city she saw when they reached White Flame was the upper towers of Winterhome, the grand castle lying in the heart of the city, built hundreds of years before by the great Aushar King Arond Icebeard.  It was perched up at the top of a rocky cliff along the shore, built from white stone, or maybe it was just regular stone painted white.  It looked out across the entire city like a huge frozen sentry with its towering white spires pointing up at the sky.
They crested a hill and Sasha got her first true look at the great capital.  It was a walled city, the first she had ever seen, and the city streets were laid out in straight lines heading away from Winterhome, like spokes in a wagon wheel.  She sat up tall in her seat to get a better view, the wind blowing through her hair.
Orden took hold of her arm and pulled her back down into her seat.  "Careful, Sasha, you might lose your balance."
"Sorry, dad," she apologized quickly.  "It's so huge, I can't believe how big it is."
"It's a lot bigger than the village, I'll give it that."
"How many times have you been here?"
"Five or six times, I guess.  Never for very long.  Big cities like this aren't really for me.  Too many strangers walking around, too many people getting in the way."
"It must be the biggest city anywhere."
Orden chuckled.  "Well, it's the biggest city this far north.  They have bigger cities in Verdana, probably a lot bigger."
"I've never seen so many people in one place," Sasha said in amazement.
Riding behind them were two more sleds, with nine people total coming along on the trip.  The other sleds carried some of her father's allies, but the only ones that Sasha knew personally were One-Ear Cragwind and Wolan Grayfrost.  The others were from nearby villages and towns, but Sasha knew none of them personally.  More of her father's associates were waiting for them in the city as well.  The trip here was not a vacation, it was an important meeting among many of the people her father knew, although she wasn't sure exactly what the meeting was actually about.  Orden mentioned the trip in passing a few tendays before and Sasha immediately asked him if she could come along.  She wasn't about to give up an opportunity to see the King himself.
They reached one of the entrances to the city and rode their sleds right in.  When Sasha saw the wall around the city, she thought maybe they had big metal gates that they kept locked up, and guards would only let specific people inside, but that turned out not to be the case.  The entrances were just huge open spaces without any kind of gate or barrier at all, although she spied city guards patrolling the entrances to keep on eye on people coming and going.  They wore identical drab gray uniforms, so at least she assumed they were city guards.
The entrance led to a wide street packed with sleds and dogs and also a large number of horses and other people wandering around.  The city streets were paved with large slabs of stone, another thing Sasha had never encountered before.  The dogs could not pull sleds down the street, so they pulled off to the side along a broad stretch where dozens of sleds were lined up and lots of people were walking around.  Dogs barked and yipped, pulling at their harnesses, while the sled drivers kept an eye on them.  
"All right, let's go," Orden said, heaving himself out of the sled.  Sasha followed him and hopped down, looking around with wide eyes, her mouth hanging open.
There were more people right in this small area of the city than in her entire village, and probably the nearest few villages too.  Across the street were three squat gray buildings with black roofs that extended out across their wide open porches, which were jammed with people talking and laughing.  Farther down the street, she saw a few buildings that were almost certainly taverns, and two blacksmith shops with black smoke belching from their chimneys.  People milled about everywhere, so many that she didn't think she could count them all.  
The vast majority were Aushar.  Big, burly men like her father, dressed in heavy furs and sporting thick red beards.  Chubby women with bright red hair tied into long ponytails, walking in groups and laughing loudly.  A few children younger than Sasha darted around the dog sleds, running from somewhere or to somewhere, she couldn't tell.  A few grizzled old men stood in a nearby doorway, smoking pipes and glaring at passersby.  
But among the crowds at the buildings across the street, a pair of men with dazzling yellow hair caught her eye.  They were impossible to miss, as their every feature seemed at odds with the people around them.  Blonde hair, skin even lighter than Sasha's, wearing bulging blue coats and blue gloves instead of the fur parkas most everyone else wore.
Those men are from Verdana.  I wonder what they're doing here.
In every direction, there seemed to be something for her to gape at, until she felt dizzy and overwhelmed.  Orden placed his hand on her shoulder, and she almost flinched at his touch.  He laughed softly and said, "There's lots to see here, but don't get carried away."
"Sorry, dad," she apologized again, feeling foolish.  
"Let's take a walk up to the castle, how about that?"
Sasha perked right up.  "That sounds great!"
One-Ear spoke with Orden for a minute and then headed off with the others down one of the side streets, giving Sasha a conspiratorial wink and a grin as they walked away.  One of the other men stayed behind to watch the sleds.  Wolan asked Orden if he should come along, but Orden told him to go with One-Ear.
Sasha kept her hands clasped in front of her as they walked down the central avenue, trying to look at everything at once.  She could hear the reverberating clang of hammers in the blacksmith shops, the loud shouts of merchants hawking their wares, and more loud voices and laughter from other open doors.  She smelled cooking food wafting from the taverns, chimney smoke drifting across the street from the blacksmiths, and freshly prepared furs hanging from a shop doorway, ready to be turned into clothing.  
Her own small village didn't have its own local blacksmith or furrier, and although she'd seen them in other towns, she'd never seen so many of them in one place.  There was a wagon parked near one of the buildings, stacked with furs ready to be washed and dried.
She wanted to ask a million questions, but kept them to herself, too busy just looking around and watching all the varied people coming and going, hearing snippets of conversations and trying to understand how so many people could live in a city like this.  Everyone seemed so busy and the pace of her surroundings was far too fast and frantic.
"It's so different than the village," she said breathlessly.
Her father nodded.  "It's a different way of life here, that's for sure."
"Most everyone here sells or makes things, don't they?"
"Big cities like this always have lots of merchants and vendors and things like that, it's how they bring money into the city to pay for food to get shipped in.  It's not even that crowded here right now, believe it or not.  In the summer they have hundreds and hundreds of people working on the docks to help unload all the goods that come in."
"They all have to have jobs," Sasha said.  "If they want to live here, they have to work somewhere in the city."
Out in open country in the small villages that dotted most of Aushara, people could get by on their own by hunting and sometimes farming, maybe doing some necessary trades with local people to get what they needed.  But most people didn't really have jobs the way people in White Flame did.  In a city like this, everyone worked a job at a tavern or a blacksmith shop or somewhere else, just to make enough money to continue living there..  It wasn't that way in her village.  Old man Dosko didn't have a job, but he lived there and helped out when he could, but even when he didn't work he was taken care of because everyone knew him and cared for him.  Even her own father didn't have a job, not really.
Maybe that's why her father didn't like it so much here.  Sasha got the feeling that people who lived here lacked the personal freedom to do what they liked.  And there were so many people moving around all the time, that she didn't think it was really possible to know everyone.  At best, you might be familiar with the people who lived in your same little area, but once you walked out into the main city it would be like walking among strangers all the time.
Once they walked a few blocks farther into the city, the shops and merchant buildings thinned out, and there were more homes and small taverns for the locals.  Most of the houses were made of stone and lumber and were lined up in neat rows.  The main street stayed open and clean, but when Sasha glanced in between the rows of homes, she saw crowded, dirty alleyways.  The snow on the ground was turned to dirty gray slush with so many people walking around.  Children ran around in packs all over the place, and she could still hear loud voices from open doorways and windows, the sound of someone strumming a guitar coming from one of the alleys, and loud banging from somewhere else.
There was another Verdan man standing in the street, dressed in a flowing blue cloak, his long blonde hair cascading over the hood and down his back.  Three Aushar women were standing around him, listening intently and vying for his attention.  Sasha glanced up to see her father give them a disapproving look, but he didn't say anything.
Farther down the street, there was an older Aushar man standing up on a wooden crate, shouting about the Warden. Streaks of dirty gray marked his long hair, and he waved his bony arms as he called out to anyone who walked by.
"He is looking down on us right now!  He is everywhere!  The Warden demands your prayers and your loyalty!  Look into your heart and you will know!"
When they finally passed him, Sasha asked, "What is that old man talking about?"
"He's one of the folks who thinks we should create a Church of the Warden.  There are lots of them here in White Flame"
"Really?  Why would anyone want to do that?"
"Well, there are so many Verdans in the city now that they built a Church for their Holy Judge, and now Aushar people are getting the idea we should have a real church too, so we can go in and pray out loud to the Warden."
"That's stupid," Sasha muttered.  
"I agree," Orden said.
The grand castle of Winterhome seemed to glimmer in the midday sun, the spires and towers glinting in the light.  The main street ended at the base of the cliff, but arranged in a semi-circle in the shadow of the castle were government buildings, the city guard barracks, trade offices, and all sorts of other buildings, where most of the actual governing of the city took place.  Orden slowed his pace and put his hand on Sasha to slow her down as well.  They walked over to the side of a building and Orden leaned against the wall, crossing his arms.
"Let's not get too close," he said.  "Just take a look."
There was an open square out in front of the row of buildings, and it was crowded with people standing in long lines, and more people standing out in the street, speaking with each other.  There were also more city guards here, watching the crowds carefully.  Even from a distance, Sasha could sense the tension in the crowd.  A few people shouted angrily, waving their arms in frustration.  As they watched, some of the lines moved a little, and people eventually were taken inside the various buildings.  Others left and walked away, faces red in anger.  She saw a few women leave with tears in their eyes.
"What are they all complaining about?" Sasha asked.
"Lots of things," Orden said with a sigh.  "High taxes, corrupt officials, poor public services, not enough law enforcement, too much law enforcement, too many poor people in the streets, all of that and more.  There are lots of problems with running a city of this size, and let's just say that the King isn't the most qualified man to be in charge of it."
A strange thought occurred to her.  "Do they know who you are?  Will they arrest you if they find you here?"
"Now why would they want to arrest me?" he asked with a fierce grin, keeping his red eyes focused intensely on the crowd.
"Well, I know what you and the others want to do," Sasha said.  "I know why we're here.  You don't like the King very much."
"Well, that's no secret.  Lots of people don't like him."
"But you're ?"  She didn't know exactly what to say.  Her father was plotting and conspiring against the government of Aushara.  That was the truth, but she didn't want to even whisper something like that out loud.
"I know what I am," Orden said, sounding amused.  "But the answer to your question is no, they don't know me and they won't arrest me.  They might know about a troublemaker called the Snow Wolf, but they don't know my real name, and even if they did, they don't know what I look like anyway.  If they did, I wouldn't be walking out in the open like this."
"Okay, I see.  Sorry, I just wanted to know."
"Don't be sorry, sweetheart.  I know I don't tell you everything, that's only because I don't want to worry you.  But I know you listen to me and One-Ear when we talk, and I know you eavesdrop on us sometimes.  It's okay."
 They watched the flow of people moving through the government buildings for a few more minutes, and the whole process just baffled her.  Somehow, she expected that life here in the capital was just like life out in an isolated village, only on a bigger scale.  But she could see now that it was totally different, in ways she couldn't really understand.  There were just too many people, it was almost overwhelming.
While Sasha was watching the crowd, Orden kept his gaze up higher, at the castle towering over them.  He squeezed Sasha's arm and pointed with his other hand.
"There he is."
Standing out on one of the wide balconies was a man wearing a black cloak with his hands folded into the long sleeves.  Sasha couldn't see him very well at this distance, but she could see his dark red hair and long red beard, and his hunched back as he leaned out over the railing to look down on the city.  
No one else seemed to notice he was there, but she supposed that the residents were used to seeing him and didn't make a big deal of it.  He stood on the balcony for only a few minutes, until someone else appeared and motioned him to come back inside.
"King Blackmane," Orden said, making it sound like a sarcastic comment.
"Does he ever come down here, or does he just stay up there all the time?"
"I doubt he leaves the castle very often anymore.  He's an old man and his advisers keep him shuttered away from everything.  He became King when I was only a little bit older than you are now, and back then he was a good, strong ruler."
"But not anymore?"
"He's not much more than a figurehead these days.  The Council is far too powerful now, and he just does whatever they tell him to."
Eventually, they turned around and walked back down the main street.  Orden led them down another street that led to the river, and they got to walk across one of the long, narrow bridges across to the other side of the city.  The river was currently covered in ice, but a bunch of people were seated on small benches underneath the bridge, fishing through holes in the ice.  From the bridge, Sasha could look straight down to the mouth of the river and to the bright sea beyond the coastline.
They walked through the city for a little while longer, passing more cramped neighborhoods and seeing more people than Sasha could believe all lived in this one place.  She caught sight of half a dozen very wealthy-looking Aushar men riding horses down one of the streets, and on the next street over, she saw a homeless man crouched in a doorway with a wooden cup, begging for coins.  More children darting around corners and running through the narrow alleys, some of them looking thin and dirty.  From one doorway, she heard a man and woman arguing loudly.  They encountered another religious man giving a passionate speech that no one listened to.  
More homeless people, more bustling crowds, more and more people everywhere.  Sasha began to feel claustrophobic as they continued down the main street, passing another crowd of rowdy Aushar men gathering outside a tavern.  Once they reached the main street, Sasha saw a few Verdan people seated at tables outside a merchant's shop, and then more of them in the crowd at another tavern.  
Two Verdan men went by on horseback, their animals' hooves clomping loudly on the paving stones.  Sasha watched the horses, amazed that people could actually ride them.  She tried to imagine it was like riding on a huge deer and couldn't believe the animals could be trained to accept riders that way.
Orden saw her fascination and said, "How would you like to ride one of those?"
"Really?" she asked, wide-eyed.
"Sure.  Later today I'll find someone willing to give you a few lessons.  I doubt you'll get much practice back home, but riding is a useful skill to have if you ever travel south."
After another few minutes of walking, Sasha was hopelessly lost in the maze of streets.  She wondered how her father could manage to find his way through the city when he had only been here a few times before.  But he led her confidently down another side street and a few blocks later they emerged into an open courtyard of sorts in the middle of a row of houses.  Sitting outside one of the houses was One-Ear, his feet propped up on a rickety table, grinning as Orden and Sasha came up to him.
"So what did you think of the city?" he asked.
Sasha could only shrug.  "I don't know.  It's so big and so crazy, I don't know if I could ever live in a place like this."
"That's because you're smart," One-Ear chuckled, putting his feet down.
"Is everyone else inside?" Orden asked.
"They are.  They're just waiting for you."
"Well, let's not keep them waiting any longer."
Sasha thought her father would asked her to stay outside during the meeting, but he opened the door for her and let her inside.  Surprised, she entered the building and followed him and One-Ear to a large room in the back, where at least twenty men waited, talking amongst themselves.
"You're sure you want her to be a part of this?" One-ear asked her father.
"She wanted to come," Orden said.  "Besides, I think it's about time she learned exactly what's going on.  She's old enough."
One-Ear went to greet some of the other men.  For the moment, her father stood with her in the doorway and he knelt down, putting his hand on her shoulder.  "For now, sweetheart, just sit in the back and listen to what everyone says.  I warn you though, we're going to be here awhile, and some of our discussion will certainly bore you to death."
"No, I want to be here," she said eagerly.  "Thank you for letting me stay."
"Once the meeting is over, I'm sure you'll have plenty of questions.  But I'll answer this one right away.  You don't have to be involved in this if you don't want to be.  This is something I chose for myself and I would never force it on you.  Do you understand?"
"Yes, dad.  I understand."
"I hope so, sweetheart.  I really hope so."
Chapter Nineteen
Fort Wardenhall

Sasha awoke groggily, feeling as if she'd slept for a tenday.  The only thing that kept her from sleeping even longer was the fact that her bladder was protesting painfully.  She groaned and crawled out of the low bed, and then limped over to the privy down the hall.
She returned to the room afterward and sat down on the bed.  She didn't know what time it was, but it must be late morning or even early afternoon.  The small bunk room was lit by a small oil lamp with a tiny yellow flame.  There were no windows, so she didn't even know if the sun was up.  
The other three beds had clearly been slept in, so someone had shared the room with her and got up already without waking her.  She had no memory of anyone coming or going, so she must have been dead asleep the entire time.  She sat on the edge of the bed and absently scratched her head, trying to get her mind clear.
She pondered the idea of going right back to sleep for the rest of the day, but her stomach was grumbling with hunger and she needed to find out what was going on outside.  Dragonwind might have work for her to do, although she doubted that.  She should also check on Dusty to make sure he was okay in the stable.
Her boots were lying on the floor in a puddle of water and her coat was crumpled in a heap by the bed.  She barely remembered taking them off the night before.  The jacket was damp on the bottom from lying on the floor, and she wished she'd been smart enough to hang it up to dry out.  Once she got her jacket and boots on, she headed out the door.  She peeked into some of the other rooms and saw a few people still in bed, so at least she wasn't the very last person in the entire caravan to get up.  She briefly thought about checking to see if Arick or one of her other friends was still sleeping, but thought better of it.
The moment she opened the outside door, a blast of freezing air nearly knocked her backwards.  Snow fluttered in, and she gazed outside into a blinding haze of white, shielding her eyes against the brightness.  She forced her way outside and slammed the door shut, pushing through snow up above her boots, although the mess of footsteps through the snow told her that she wasn't the only person to come outside so far.  She wrapped her arms around herself and wandered out into the yard as a steady blanket of snow fell relentlessly across the entire fort, as if the Ice Warden was trying to bury it.
The wind seemed to blow back and forth, sweeping the snow in every direction.  Sasha's eyes adjusted to the bright glare, and she absentmindedly summoned a Charm to warm her up.  As the Charm's heat settled into her body, she looked up to see guards manning their stations at the corner towers, and several more of them up at the front gate shoveling snow.
She realized they were actually shoveling snow into a wide cart and then taking it through the gate to dump it out in the road somewhere.  The snow was falling so hard, that by the time they returned with an empty cart, there would be enough snow to fill it again right away.  Heavy snowfall was hardly something new to her, but the amount of snow being dumped on them by this blizzard was hard to contemplate.
She trudged her way through the knee-deep mounds of snow and made it across the yard to the kitchen.  As she approached the door, it opened suddenly and a stream of men stomped out, among them Arick and a few men in the Red Guard.  They looked up at the sky and scowled at the falling snow, and then walked off in the direction of the gate.
Arick let out a long breath, white mist pouring from his mouth, and pulled up his hood.  He saw Sasha and walked toward her.
"Where have you been?" he asked.
"Sleeping.  I just woke up a little bit ago."
"It's past midday already."
"I guess I needed the sleep," she said with a shrug.
Arick nodded.  "I could use some extra sleep myself, but Dragonwind got us up early.  Were you going to get something to eat?"
"I was headed that way, yeah."
"I'll join you, then," Arick offered.  "There's nothing to do out here anyway."
"You could help shovel snow," Sasha said, gesturing toward the fort guards.
"I'm trying not to think about it.  They'll have us shoveling snow by tomorrow."
Inside the dinner hall, there were half a dozen fort guards seated at one of the long tables with Alaster Snowborn, Olfred Brightwell, and Dravina and Polla.  As usual, Alaster was doing all the talking.  He was telling some story about his dealings in Arawend, and the soldiers were laughing politely.  One of the guards had red hair tied in a ponytail that hung down over his back.
There were bowls and cups scattered across the tables and puddles of water all over the floor from the snow melting off everyone's boots.  Sasha and Arick took an unoccupied table, and Sasha plucked some pieces of dry bread from a basket to munch on.
"So what's the plan?" she asked.  "It didn't look like the snow's letting up."
"It's not.  Dragonwind had a meeting with the fort commander last night and according to him, the weather is going to last five more days at least."
Sasha almost dropped the piece of bread in her hand, her mouth hanging open.
"They sent riders out two days ago," Arick explained.  "Heading north toward Long Hearth.  They came back yesterday and said the snow stretches all the way across the Crown and the Western Hook has snow almost thirty feet high, it's completely impassable."
"So we're stuck here?" Sasha said in disbelief.  "For how long?"
"Well, even if the weather clears up in a couple days, which I doubt, we still won't be able to do much traveling.  The Hale Road north of here will be blocked for sure.  It might stay that way until spring."
Sasha let the words sink in.  "Until spring?" she finally got out.
Arick shrugged heavily.  "I don't know.  It's still early in the year, so if the weather stays nice for a few tendays, some of the snow should melt down even if it's still cold outside."
Their conversation was interrupted when a heavyset woman wearing a dirty blue apron waddled over to their table.  She had a ruddy complexion with bulging cheeks and a long tangle of red hair.  "Hello there, sweetheart," she said in a perky voice.  "You just came in, right?  We still have some stew left over, can I get you some?"
"Yes," Sasha said.  "I would love that, thank you."
"No problem, sweetheart.  I'll be right back."  The woman smiled jovially and headed back into the kitchen.
"So anyway," Arick said with a sigh.  "We'll be here for a few days at least.  Dragonwind and the fort commander are going to work out the details.  Some of us will be required to work at the fort while we're here, they also want us to pay some money if we're stuck here for the long term."
"Pay them?" Sasha asked incredulously.  "I thought the whole reason this fort is here is to take care of travelers?  How can they expect us to pay?"
"If there was only four or five of us, then they'd let us stay here with no problem.  But this is a whole caravan of people, over forty of us.  Right now we outnumber the actual guards stationed here.  They don't have enough food or supplies to take care of that many extra people.  They barely have enough beds for all of us."
Sasha slouched back in her chair and just shook her head.  Maybe they would have been better off turning back as soon as the snow started.  Staying at the fort for tendays was not part of her plan.  She was so close to finally coming home, only to be stuck with a bunch of Verdan solders again.
"So that's it," Arick said.  He leaned back and propped one leg up on the other.  "We might as well make ourselves at home, since we're going to be here awhile."
Sasha's gaze drifted off to the other table, where she noticed that two of the guards seated with Alaster were looking at her interestedly.  The thought of being stuck in the fort with a bunch of woman-starved Verdan soldiers did not sit well with her at all.  It was bad enough having to deal with Arick and his romantic overtures, but now she had a feeling she might have to fend off advances from others as well.  Being stuck in a Verdan fort was the absolute last place in the world she wanted to be.
The woman from the kitchen returned with a steaming bowl in her hand.  She set it on the table and said, "Here you go.  It's certainly good to see some more redheaded women around here, let me tell you that."
Sasha smiled.  "I'm surprised to see anyone from Aushara here."
"Oh, there are a couple others," the woman said with a slight shrug.  "A guard or two, and one of the clerics at the Holy Judge's church.  But no other Aushar women.  I'm the only one of those around here.  My name's Samily Greatwolf."
In a brief lapse of concentration, Sasha nearly said her real name before quickly recovering, so it came out as, "Sa-orshana," and she laughed to cover it up.  "It's Orshana Snowcrown.  Sorry, I'm still pretty tired, I guess, stumbling over my own name."
Samily had a good laugh too and patted her on the arm.  "Well, you enjoy that stew, sweetheart.  And if you have time later, come on down to the kitchen after supper and we can chat."
"Thanks, I'll do that."
As Samily waddled back into the kitchen, Sasha scooped a spoonful into her mouth and her empty stomach rumbled even louder.  Arick casually glanced around the dinner hall, giving Sasha some time to eat.  
Alaster and the others got up and gradually began to shuffle out of the dinner hall, with Alaster talking and gesticulation the whole time as he told a story about some nobles from Arawend that he had dealt with.  Some of the guards followed after him, but Sasha suspected they were actually following Dravina and Polla and could care less about Alaster.  The merchant liked having an audience, so he probably didn't even care.
However, Olfred remained inside, and so did one of the fort guards.  It was the man with the red hair, and when Olfred got up and walked over to their Sasha's table, the guard followed him over rather than sit by himself.
"Good morning Arick and Orshana," Olfred said tiredly as he sat down.  He wore his gray cloak, but underneath he was also bundled up in a heavy fur jacket and pants.
The fort guard leaned forward and stuck out his hand.  "Name's Marden Thundersky," he said in a raspy voice.  "Mind if I join you here?"
Arick shook his hand firmly and introduced himself and Sasha as well, since her mouth was full of food.  Marden grinned at her and sat down, resting his arms on the tabletop.  His hair was bright red, like Sasha's, so he was likely half-Verdan like she was.  But his skin had the reddish complexion of a full-blooded Aushar, and his eyes were red as well.  He had a square jaw and a mouthful of gray teeth, and a thick neck to match his wide shoulders.  His nose was flat and looked like it had been broken once or twice.  He was a few inches shorter than Arick, but probably weighed more, and he seemed to be built of solid muscle.
"That fella loves to talk, don't he?" Marden chuckled, pointing a thumb in the direction Alaster had gone.  "Did you have to listen to him talk all the way from Verdana?  I'm surprised you didn't knock him out and dump him in the snow just to get some peace and quiet."
Arick laughed at that, and Sasha smiled as well as she scooped up the last bits of meat with her spoon.  She took the last bite and then lifted the bowl to her lips to slurp out the rest of the broth.
"I rode at the front of the caravan, so I didn't have to listen to him," Arick said.  "But these two got an earful, I'm sure."
"Alaster's not so bad," Olfred said civilly.
Sasha shrugged noncommittally and set the bowl down.  "To be honest, I kind of tuned him out after a day or two."
Marden leaned forward and set his elbows on the table.  "He said they kicked all the Aushar out of Arawend?  That can't be right, can it?  That doesn't even make sense."
"It's complicated," Arick said after a short pause.  "The merchant guilds wanted out of the city because all the trade dried up and they were losing money.  So they packed up and left, and the city strongly suggested that anyone from Aushara wouldn't be welcome anymore."
"That's pretty wild.  We don't hear much news around here, except from travelers," Marden confided, his voice a bit lower.  "Everyones gonna be asking you folks about what's going on in Verdana.  We know about Riverstorm, of course, but other than that we're in the dark.  Hightower gets regular reports from his bosses in Arlora, but he doesn't always share with the men."
"Is that your commander?" Arick asked.
Marden nodded.  "Yeah, Captain Hightower.  Son of some rich family.  How he wound up here is a mystery to me."
"Why doesn't he share news with you?" Sasha asked.
"You tell me," Marden said, looking her in the eye.  "Just how bad is it really getting down there?  They still haven't chosen a new Emperor?  It's been what, five tendays since Riverstorm kicked it?  And now you're telling me the merchants all packed up and left Arawend?  Things must be getting pretty unstable."
"Something like that," Arick said.
"No wonder Hightower is so spooked.  And now he's got a whole group of Aushar soldiers camped right in the middle of his fort for who knows how long.  I'm sure that makes him real comfortable."
Sasha felt speechless, stunned by Marden's sarcastic comment on their situation.  She never considered the ramifications of staying at the fort, but to hear Marden say it, the whole situation almost seemed like it was planned ahead of time.  And Arick had already told her that they outnumbered the actual guards stationed at the fort.
Olfred seemed surprised at the realization as well.  He looked at Arick with an almost panicked look on his face.  "I hope this doesn't cause any problems ..." he said nervously.
"It will," Arick said simply.  "But there's nothing we can do about it now, unless you want to  try to dig your way through the snow all the way to Long Hearth."
Sasha's mind was racing.  "Is your commander going to put any restrictions on us while we're here?  Will we be allowed to carry weapons?"
"Sure," Marden shrugged.  "He can't stop you, and besides, he wants some of your men to pull shifts on guard duty, so they'll have to be armed.  Hightower ain't gonna do anything that would make him look scared, but I can guarantee that he is nervous as hell right now, with what's going on in Verdana and all that crap."
"Well," Olfred said, "for what it's worth, Sir Dragonwind isn't any happier about the situation than your Captain is.  He wanted to spend two days here at the most, just until the weather cleared."  He yawned as he finished speaking.
"You look pretty tired," Arick said.
"I'm exhausted," Olfred admitted.  "I didn't get to sleep until late, and then Sir Dragonwind got me up at the crack of dawn to figure out a complete inventory of all our supplies and holdings, and how much remains of the Red Guard's treasury.  It's my job, after all.  Now I may have to calculate how we'll pay for our stay here, if it comes to that."
"Why don't you go back to the barracks and get some sleep?"
"I'd like to stay here where it's warm for a bit longer.  I'm in no hurry to go back out in the snow.  I think I'm still thawing out from the last two days of our trip."
Marden grunted a laugh and gave Olfred a playful nudge on the arm.  "You ain't seen cold yet, boy.  Sure, it's snowing like a bastard out there.  But it ain't bone-freezing cold yet.  Just wait until the dead of winter and you'll see what cold is like."
"I'd rather not, actually."
Arick leaned back and studied the Aushar man.  "You know, I'm surprised to see anyone from Aushara working as a guard here," he said.  "I thought only Verdans were stationed at this fort."
"Me too," Sasha added.
"I've been here maybe eight tendays," Marden said with a grin.  "Very few of the Verdan guys can handle the cold.  So during the winter, they reassign some of them and send in guys like me."
"You're full Aushar?"
"Pretty much.  Got some Verdan blood on my mother's side somewhere."
"And you still joined the Legion?"
He shrugged.  "What can I say?  The pay's good.  After the Delegation took over, they wanted to get some Aushar to join their forces as a sign of unity.  They couldn't just have a bunch of blonde guys patrolling White Flame.  It would send the wrong message, you know."
"I suppose so," Arick said.  "Do the Verdans trust you?"
"About as well as I trust them."
"Fair enough."
Sasha asked, "So what's it like out here, anyway?  From what I've just been told, we might be staying here for a little while."
"Well, it's pretty boring here most of the time," Marden said.  "Most of the other guys think that getting stationed here is some kind of punishment.  Can't say I blame them."
"Is it really so bad?" Olfred asked.
"I don't think it's so bad, myself.  But I can live with the cold, and most of them can't.  And some of them have been here for over a year, so I can see how that might try a man's patience, getting stuck here for that long.  There's nothing to do up here in the Crown."
"Wonderful," Sasha muttered.
"In fact," Marden said, "You guys showing up is probably the most exciting thing that's happened since I've been here.  Having new people around will be a nice change.  Like I said, everyone is gonna want to hear any news or gossip from Verdana.  And the lovely young women in your caravan," he added with a glance at Sasha, "will be very popular as well, I'm sure."
"I don't like being popular," Sasha said, not looking at him.  She took another piece of bread from the basket and swept it around the inside of her bowl to soak up any remaining broth.  She popped it into her mouth and leaned back in her chair.  "I guess that means I'll have to carry my sword with me to keep the suitors away."
Arick laughed.  "Don't worry, I'll just tell them that you're my girl.  I'm sure they'll leave you alone after that."
"You will say no such thing," Sasha said, glaring at him.
Marden laughed heartily and slapped the table top, and Olfred chuckled a bit as well, although he tried to be more polite about it.  Sasha managed a grin herself, but she looked at Arick firmly to let him know she was not joking.
He waved her down.  "Fine, fine, I'll let you deal with them."
"Don't worry yourself too much," Marden said, smiling wide.  "It's not like we haven't seen a woman in forever.  There's enough women here that the boys don't get too lonely."
"Really?" Sasha asked, honestly surprised.
"Well, there's Samily, of course.  You met her already.  There's a couple of women who work in the Captain's office, they do most of the paperwork and things like that.  One of them also works for the Holy Church, I think.  I can't remember their names," he said with a shrug.  "We got three or four women guards too, of course."
"There's female guards here?" Olfred asked.
"Why wouldn't there be?" Sasha said.  "There are lots of women in the Legion, aren't there?  I saw lots of female guards in Arawend."
Marden looked at her evenly, but his omnipresent grin remained on his lips.  "Well, it's uncommon for women to be stationed at a small fort like this.  Usually if there's less than, say, fifty men on duty, you won't see any women stationed there.  But the larger forts and in the cities you'll see plenty of women guards."
"Don't they trust their own men to behave around women?" Sasha said harshly.
"You're looking at it the wrong way around," Marden said.  "Would you want to be stationed at a distant fort like this with thirty or forty men for company?"
"You have a point."
Samily came out of the kitchen, tying an apron around her waist.  She flashed a smile at Marden and walked over to their table.  "Alright, sweethearts.  We have to clean this place up and get ready for supper this evening.  I hope you don't mind if I kick you out."
"You'd kick me out?" Marden asked in mock offense.
"Darn right I would," Samily said with a wide grin.  "You most of all, you big troublemaker.  As for the rest of you, supper will be served in a few hours.  I hope to see you all here again, and I'll get to learn all your names as well.  I heard you might be here for a few days."
They all got up to leave, and Sasha thanked her again for the stew.  "No problem, sweetheart," Samily said, starting to wipe down their table.  "Like I said, if you want to stop by the kitchen after supper, that would be great.  I miss having a nice redheaded girl to talk to."
Sasha laughed.  "What about Dravina and Polla?  They were here earlier."
"Those other girls who were here?" Samily said with a shrug.  "They seemed more interested in flirting with the boys than chatting with an old woman like me."
"You're not that old, honey," Marden quipped as he stood in the foyer.
"Old enough to whup your hide, troublemaker!" Samily cackled.
Sasha couldn't help but like Samily.  She reminded her of the women from her village when she was a child.  Friendly and motherly, but sarcastic and full of attitude.  The women in Aushara were just as mean-spirited and stubborn as the men, or so the other races liked to say.
"She's a sweet old gal," Marden commented as they headed for the door.  "But she's all mine, so I'll warn you other fellas to stay away from her."
"She's all yours," Arick said.
"Don't worry," Sasha added.  "She's too much woman for somebody like Arick anyway."
Marden gave another raspy laugh and pushed the doors open.
Chapter Twenty
The Cave

The wind was still blowing outside, and Sasha wrapped her arms tightly around herself, wishing she had remembered her gloves.  Olfred told them he was going to get some rest, so he headed off toward the sleeping quarters, huddling against the snow.
Marden stretched out his arms and let out a groan of effort.  When Olfred was safely out of earshot, he turned to Sasha.  "How did that fella get that scar on his face?  I didn't want to ask him in case it was something personal."
"I don't know, he hasn't told any of us."
"I never met somebody with dark skin and blonde hair before."
"Yeah, he's got a strange background.  He can't cast Charms either."
"Must be tough living like that."  He shrugged and rubbed his hands together.  "Well, I'd better help with clearing out some of that snow.  I told the boys I'd take over this afternoon.  I'll probably see you kids later."
"Sure thing," Sasha said.
Arick sighed and crossed his arms.  Together, they walked across the wide inner yard to a set of stairs leading up to the top of the wall overlooking the Hale Road.  The stairs were caked with snow, making them slippery, so Sasha walked carefully.
It seemed the entire sky was one swirling mass of white stretching all the way to the horizon.  Even the nearby mountain peaks were obscured by the falling snow.  Their visibility reached perhaps a hundred feet in each direction.  The wagons and carts were still sitting down in the road, covered in a thick layer of snow, and would remain there until they were able to leave.  Judging by how much snow was still falling, Sasha wondered if that would be any time before the next spring.
Arick set his hands on the edge of the wall, knocking off a few inches of accumulated snow, and leaned out to look across the road.  "That's Verdana down there," he said, pointing to the right, "and that's Aushara over there," he added, pointing to the left.
"Well, that's very helpful," Sasha said.  "Thanks for clearing that up."
"If the weather was good, we could be in Long Hearth in maybe three days.  But now, we might as well be a million leagues away.  It was a mistake to come this way, we should have turned around as soon as the snow started."
"Dragonwind must be pretty angry," Sasha said softly.
"He's furious.  You should probably stay out of his way for the time being."
"I can't believe this blizzard.  I've never heard of a snowstorm like this so early in the year.  Normally the Hale Road is open for another few tendays at least."
"Just our bad luck, I guess," Arick said vaguely.
"Does this change your plans?  You were going to meet with your boss in White Flame, right?  I don't remember his name."
"Bayron Wolfhunter.  Yeah, this causes a few problems for me.  He already received word that the guilds were leaving Arawend, so he'll want my report as soon as possible.  But now I don't know when I'll get to White Flame."
"Sorry," Sasha said, not knowing what else to say.  
"Nothing I can do about it now," Arick said.
"Do you think a single rider could make it?"
"Maybe, if there was no other choice.  But I'm not going to risk it.  Wolfhunter won't be happy, but that's life."
"So what are we going to do?  If we're stuck here for a tenday, or two tendays?"
Arick sighed and looked down over the edge of the wall.  "I don't know.  Try to make the best of it, I suppose.  Help the guards here with their duties, keep our morale up, and wait until we have a chance to finish the trip."
"That doesn't sound like much fun," Sasha muttered.
Arick smiled a bit.  "We'll have lots of time to spend together, just the two of us."
Sasha looked away from him, but she smiled and shook her head amusedly.  She leaned over the edge of the wall and stared down at the road directly below.  The snow was so deep, that she could probably jump from the top of the wall and not even get hurt.
"You didn't immediately argue with me that time," Arick said.  "Does that mean you're starting to warm up to me?"
"I've just decided to ignore you from now on."
"Oh, all right then."
"Eventually, you'll get the message," she said, looking back at him over her shoulder.  "If you were smart, you would have given up a long time ago."
He shrugged.  "Sorry, I'm not very smart."
"So I've noticed."
"But you have to admit that sleeping next to me wasn't so bad," he said, sidling up beside her.
"No, it wasn't," she admitted softly.
"Maybe you even enjoyed it."
"I wouldn't go that far."
"Maybe just a little bit?"
"Maybe."
"You see?  I'm not such a bad guy."
"You're a very bad guy," Sasha said, looking him in the eye with a mischievous smile.  "You're arrogant and you're overbearing, and you think you're way more charming and clever than you really are."
"You're not perfect yourself, little sister," Arick grinned.  "You're aloof and you're antisocial, and you don't like to admit when someone else is right."
"Antisocial?" Sasha blurted out, and then she burst out laughing at the silliness of it.  She swept her hand across the top of the wall, splashing him with snow.  He casually brushed it off the front of his jacket.  "Give me a break, I'm not antisocial," she said, laughter still in her voice.
They stayed at the top of the wall for a few more minutes, but eventually Sasha felt like it was time to go back indoors.  After all, she would have plenty of time to admire the snowstorm over the next few days.  A few guards walked past them, nodding politely in greeting, but none of them spoke to her or Arick, as they were still on duty.
Sasha didn't quite understand why they even bothered to go through with their guard duties, because there was no chance anyone would come and attack the fort.  It seemed like a waste of time.  But she guessed that the guards had nothing better to do, and maintaining their regular guard duties would help keep morale from dropping.
"So now what?" she asked rhetorically.  "What are we going to do around here for the next few days?  I'm bored already."
"We could work on your training," Arick suggested.  "They have a pretty good training area here, I've already checked it out."
"Okay," she said.  "That sounds like a good idea."
They went back down to the main yard, and she followed Arick to the smaller building across from the stable.  When she first saw it, she thought it was just a storage area, but Arick went to the door and gave the handle a quick tug.
"What is this?" Sasha asked.  "This isn't the training area, is it?"
"It is, and it's also the guard quarters and armory."
"What?  There's not enough room in here."
Arick held the door open for her and she walked inside.  The building was one large room with a few tables and some racks of clothing.  Heavy jackets, fur parkas, and even Verdan breastplates and shoulder pads hung on the wall.  The small building was not insulated, and it was just as cold inside as it was outside.
However, there was a large door right across from them, with a heavy metal handle.  Arick pulled it open and Sasha saw that it led directly ahead, with more glowing stones embedded in the wall.  As she stepped through, she saw that the door was actually built into a rocky recess, and the hallway leading inside was not a hallway at all, but a cave entrance.  The glowing stones were stuck right into the rock wall, and it led straight down for a few yards before opening up into a larger cave.
They went down inside, the stone floor slippery with the melted snow dripping down into the cave mouth.  It was also much warmer inside, so much that Sasha undid the front of her jacket and left it open.  She detected the faint scent of smoke in the air, mixing with the dank smell of the cave.  More glowing stones illuminated the main cave area.  The ceiling was uneven, marked with jagged clefts and low overhangs.  The floor was equally uneven, but wooden floorboards were installed to give them a level floor to walk on.  The cave split off to the left and right down more winding tunnels.
"This is amazing," Sasha said, looking around with a bewildered expression.  "They built the entire fort right on top of a huge cave?"
"Indeed they did.  That's the whole reason they built the fort in this location.  The cave stays warmer in the winter, of course, and it provides a great defensive position.  The guards' quarters are down that way.  The training area is over here."
He led Sasha down another twisting hallway that descended farther into the cave.  Wooden steps were built in a few places where the hallway dropped down suddenly.  Sasha heard voices ahead of them, along with the familiar sound of swords clashing together.  Soon, the winding tunnel opened up into a larger cave area, again with a low ceiling.
A large fireplace was built against the wall, but the room was not full of smoke.  It was, however, full of people.  The far side of the room was an open sparring area, where two Verdan guards were currently practicing their sword strokes.  Racks of weapons were on the wall, and there were training dummies and punching bags and all sorts of other training equipment scattered around.  Sasha saw Luther Silverhorn examining some of the weapons, and several other Red Guards in the room as well, taking swings with long-handled axes or taking aim at the dummies with long pikes.  
The room was so warm that most of them were dressed in loose clothes, having dumped their heavy coats and winter clothing on a table by the door.  Sasha and Arick did the same as they came in.
She looked at the fireplace and could see that the smoke actually was directed up through a crack in the wall.  There was probably some kind of crevice or opening up on the surface where the smoke came out.  But it let them have a roaring fire inside, keeping the entire room nice and warm.
Brannock Icebuilder, one of the members of the Red Guard, walked over to them, a sheen of sweat on his forehead and sweat stains under his arms on his faded green tunic.  He stuck his thumbs into his belt and nodded.  "Morning, Arick.  Morning, Orshana.  I wondered when the two of you would find your way down here."
Everyone in the caravan knew about their nightly training sessions, although opportunities to practice had been few since the blizzard began.  On the first few days of their trip, their sword training became the nightly entertainment for the group.  Some of the Red Guard even complimented her on how well she was doing.
"Not much else to do, is there?" Arick said.  He tugged on the collar of his sweater, and then pulled it over his head.  Underneath, he wore a sleeveless gray shirt.
Sasha still felt overheated with her thick pants and heavy shirt, but she felt strange undressing here with so many men, especially the Verdan guards, who she didn't know.  So for now, she remained fully clothed and just dealt with the heat.
Although she soon realized that she wasn't the only woman in the room after all.  One of the guards sparring on the other side of the room was a woman, but she was so stocky and muscular that Sasha mistook her for a man at first.  She had crisp blue eyes and a long ponytail of blonde hair, and she fought her opponent to a grudging draw, both of them left panting and gasping for breath.  Sasha wandered through the area, watching the others slash and stab at practice dummies.
Luther wielded a two-handed axe which was clearly too heavy for him, and he nearly lost his balance trying to swing it.  His father Garven snapped at him and told him to be careful before he killed someone by accident.  Sasha snickered and continued on through the room.
"Excuse me," a feminine voice behind her said.  "Are you looking for someone?"
Sasha turned and found herself face to face with a dark-skinned woman with bright golden eyes and spiky black hair that was cut short.  She was taller than Sasha, with a slim and muscular build, her maroon tunic clinging tightly to her sweaty body.  Her skin was the smooth color of varnished wood, darker than a Morend but not quite as dark as an Orthas, but it was her eyes that marked her as from the nation of Orthasa.
The surprise on Sasha's face must have been evident, and she quickly apologized.  "I'm sorry, I didn't see you there," she said quickly.  "I'm not looking for anyone.  I just came to see the training area.  I thought I could get some practice done."
"Oh, okay," the Orthas woman said.  "I'm one of the guards.  My name is Keesa Goldrunner."
"I'm Orshana Snowcrown.  Nice to meet you."
"Likewise," Keesa said with a polite smile, her golden eyes shimmering.
Sasha had never spoken to someone from Orthasa, and she certainly never expected to run into one of them here way out in the mountains between Verdana and Aushara.  The only time she had even seen someone from Orthas was in the Arawend market, but she didn't get to speak to any of them.  Keesa's accent was purely Verdan though, without a trace of the Orthas sing-song accent.
"Go ahead and ask me," Keesa said with a knowing smile, crossing her arms.  "I know you want to ask, but you're too polite."
"Okay," Sasha said with a slight laugh, feeling embarrassed.  "You're from Orthasa, aren't you?"
Keesa kept her smile on her face as she shook her head.  "I'm from Verdana, believe it or not.  I'm only half-Orthas, but I look a lot more like my mother than my father."
"I see that," Sasha said, still somewhat amazed.
Sasha didn't feel so bad  when Arick came over with the same stunned expression on his face.  Kedesa didn't seem to mind, in fact, she laughed a bit, blinking her large eyes at Arick as he gaped stupidly at her.  
"I have a feeling I'm going to get that look a lot in the next day or two," she said pleasantly.  "All you folks from the caravan will be asking me where I'm from.  I'm surprised they didn't tell you about me already."
"Sorry," Sasha apologized lamely.  "I don't mean to stare or anything.  I'm just really surprised to see someone like you here."
"Me too," Arick said, finding his voice.
Keesa laughed, apparently finding the whole thing quite amusing, and she said, "Well, if either of you want to hear the full story of my life, I'd be more than happy to share it with you.  But how about later?  I was just about to leave, actually.  I have some work to do in the stables I should be getting to."
"Sure," Sasha said.  "That sounds great, I'm very interested to hear it."
"Me too," Arick said again.
All three of them burst out laughing at that, Arick loudest of all.  Keesa chuckled and slung a heavy bag over her shoulder that contained her clothes and some of her armor, and she headed toward the door, giving them a brief wave over her shoulder.  She also waved to the other guards as she left, and Arick could only shake his head as he watched her leave.
"You don't see that everyday," he muttered.
Now that the other guards were done sparring, the large area was empty, giving Sasha and Arick plenty of room.  There was a hard-packed mat over the wooden floor, and glowing stones hung from the ceiling several feet over their heads.
Sasha didn't have her sword with her, so she picked a wooden sword from the rack on the wall.  Arick did the same and walked out into the center of the sparring area, waving it back and forth in the way he always did.
"Aren't you warm in that heavy shirt?" he asked with a grin.
"Sure," she replied.  "But I think I'll leave it on for now."
"You sure?  If you start taking your clothes off, it'll distract me and give you a clear advantage in combat."
"Nice try."
He shrugged.  "Well, it was worth a shot."
She was already sweating under the heavy shirt and pants, but she figured it would be good practice to do some training when she was overheated.  She tested her sword and walked out in front of Arick, getting into a fighting stance.  By now, Sasha was accustomed to how Arick liked to run their sessions together.  But she was getting progressively better each time, and the long break since their last meeting, as well as the restful night's sleep the night before, gave her muscles time to rest, and she felt more confident than she had in some time.
"Ready?" Arick asked with his signature grin.
"Are you?" Sasha asked back.
"Always."
"Then come on."
Chapter Twenty-One
A Special Performance

Sasha circled around, watching Arick closely as he stalked her around the center of the mat, his wooden sword slashing left and right, a determined smile curving his lips.  He came at her rapidly, sweeping in with his sword, but Sasha blocked each strike and continued moving in a circle to avoid getting cornered.  Arick tried to cut her off, but she always escaped into the open.
He slashed down and then swiftly swung sideways, and Sasha swung hard to meet the blow, holding her sword with both hands, their swords clacking loudly against each other, the impact trembling up her arms.  But she struck back, slashing at him with increasing speed, and his eyes popped open in surprise as he stepped backward, forced on the defensive.
She couldn't keep up the assault for long, and she quickly backed away, breathing heavily, feeling sweat dripping down her ribs underneath her shirt.  Her hands felt slick with sweat, but the sword handle was gritty and there was no risk of it slipping out of her hand.  She brushed some stray hair from her eyes, letting her sword dip a little.
Arick lunged at her, like she knew he would, and she twisted away expertly, letting his sword swish through empty air.  She spun around and slapped the flat of her sword against his backside as his momentum took him past her.
The few people watching their match hooted with laughter as Arick turned, a shocked expression on his face.  He rubbed his back and shook his head in disappointment.
"Got you," Sasha taunted him, bracing herself with the sword in both hands, pointing it up at him.  "If this was a real sword, I could have killed you just now."
"All right," Arick said, his smile growing fierce.  "You've just raised the stakes, little sister.  I'm not going to go easy on you anymore."
"I'm real afraid," she scoffed.
Arick licked his lips and stretched his shoulders, his whole posture seeming calm and relaxed, and Sasha watched him carefully.  After all, she wouldn't improve unless Arick increased his effort each time they fought, forcing her to improve her skills or get beaten.  And part of her wanted to see just how good Arick actually was.
He jumped forward, almost dancing across the surface of the mat, and then feinted right before slamming down hard to the left, his sword moving like a blur.  Sasha bashed his sword out of the way and held her ground, not giving him the chance to force her back.  She swung sideways, her blade cracking loudly against his.  She swung over and over, each blow getting struck back with equal force, until her hands stung in pain and her arms ached.
She finally jumped back as Arick slashed at her, and he went off-balance for just a second, before she charged in, swinging hard at his head.  Their swords bashed into each other, and she let her movement swing her around to the side as he moved in the opposite direction to counter her attacks.  It wasn't enough to just defend against him anymore, she had to counter each one of his strikes with one of her own, or else he would simply overpower her, since he was bigger and stronger.  The fact that they were not actually trying to hurt each other seemed irrelevant.
She felt tired and sore, but adrenaline was pulsing in her veins and keeping her sword arm strong.  She engaged him again, their swords blurring through the air as they cracked into each other over and over.  Left and right, then high, low, slashing at his knees, blocking a brutal thrust at her neck, pushing off and circling around to get at his left side, swinging to deflect another harsh blow, then going to the right once more, over and over again, until she was dripping with sweat and panting for breath, her lungs burning like a furnace.
The spectators in the training room watched silently.  Everyone seemed to be watching them intently now, and each near miss was followed by a rapid intake of breath, each pounding attack met with a hum of appreciation.
Arick was breathing heavy now as well, showing sings of weariness for the first time since Sasha started training with him.  He came at her again and again, his sword blinking from one place to the next, and Sasha's own sword flashed just as quickly to meet it each time, the hammering blows deafening her.  He spun through a series of moves, trying to strike at her, but she kept up her defense, swinging with counterstrikes to keep him on guard.  She whipped her head, sweat flicking from her hair.  Arick's hair was likewise pasted to his head from the sweat.
He was a skilled fighter, that much was true, but he was predictable.  He went through the same motions every so often, his sword almost moving in a pattern, and Sasha was beginning to recognize it and find flaws in his defense.  In fact, his style indicated strongly to her that despite his skill, he had never been involved in a real melee battle.  Most of his fighting was done in the street against criminals or against those with less skill than him, and it showed in how he tried to control the pace of the combat.
He tried another series of movements, and grew frustrated when Sasha's sword was always there to meet his.  He backpedaled when she countered one of his blows and thrust quickly inside his guard for just a moment, the tip of the wooden blade snagging against the fabric of his shirt.  He pulled away, and she continued the assault, although her arms were growing tired and her sword did not move as fast as she wanted.  But Arick slowed down as well, and his attempts to block her sword were as slow as her own attacks as they fought to a draw once more.  They backed away from each other, panting hard for breath.
"Okay," Arick breathed, leaning on his sword and running a hand through his soaking wet hair.  "It looks like I've been underestimating you.  Either that, or I'm a better teacher than I thought I was."
"A little bit of both," Sasha said with a shrug.  She leaned forward, resting her free hand on her knee as she tried to catch her breath.
"You ready to give it a rest for now?"
"You quitting on me, big brother?"
"If we keep going, one of us will get hurt."
She nodded, her hair drooping in front of her face.  "You're probably right."
"But I have to admit," he said, the grin returning to his face, "that I would love to keep going to see which one of us comes out on top."
She lifted her head to look up at him, and then stood up straight, pushing her hair back and raising her sword once more, ignoring the throbbing pain in her arms.
"Well, come on then.  Unless you're scared of losing to a girl," she said.
Arick looked at her intently, his eyes narrowing, and he stepped forward quickly.  His sword moved as if it possessed a will of its own, and it struck in a flash.  Sasha aimed her own attack and the swords collided with a bang, so hard it felt like her arm would break.  Arick clenched his teeth and swung through another complex series of moves, his sword swinging in and out in a rapid flurry of slashes and strikes.  Sasha let herself fall into a defensive posture, giving Arick a chance to tire himself out, and moved backward under the force of his assault.  She slowly stepped back and allowed herself to get pushed toward the corner.  Arick noticed his growing advantage and increased his speed, his sword whipping through the air, battering Sasha backwards.
She waited until the perfect moment, and swung through a counterstrike that made him twist out of the way, nearly tripping over his own feet.  He backed away and immediately braced himself in defense, expecting a new attack.
But instead of attacking him once more, Sasha hurried to the wall and grabbed another sword from the rack in her left hand.  She spun around, a sword in each hand, and ran at Arick, swinging the swords in front of her.
The spectators howled in surprise, and Arick seemed too shocked to even defend himself.  Sasha's arms were aching and weak, so her two-handed attack was clumsy and awkward, but Arick was so stunned to see her wielding two swords that he was barely able to bring up his own sword to block her weak blows.  She laughed excitedly, her eyes wild, as she attacked him.
But his surprise wouldn't last for long, and she didn't have the energy to keep up the attack with two swords.  When he had his weapon held upright, she swung her swords together, aiming right for his sword.  She struck the top half with one sword, and just above the crossguard with the other, and the alternate strikes made the sword jump right out of his hand.  The sword went flying from his grasp, and one of the spectators in the crowd jumped out of the way as it went flipping over his head.
Arick gaped at her in utter disbelief, and held his hands up in surrender, staring at her with a combination of confusion and grudging respect.
"Do you yield?" she gasped, holding one of the swords up at his throat.
"You know I do," he said warily.
"Good," Sasha said, dropping the swords.  "Because I think I'm going to faint."
She fell into his arms and they both flopped to the ground, unable to stand any longer, both of them completely exhausted.  The spectators, both Red Guards and Verdan Legion soldiers alike, clapped and cheered loudly, applauding as if they had just watched a theatrical performance.
Sasha slid off of Arick's chest and rolled onto her side, laughing weakly as she panted heavily to catch her breath, feeling that every ounce of stamina was drained away.  Her arms felt like wet pieces of rope dangling loosely from her shoulders.  She barely had the strength to pick herself up off the floor.
"Are you okay?" Arick asked, still watching her in amazement.
"I'm fine, how are you?" she said, her hair drooping in front of her eyes.  She didn't have the energy to brush it away.
"Impressed," he said.
They were surrounded by people, who reached down to pull them to their feet.  Brannock Icebuilder and Garven Silverhorn both congratulated her on her skill and for such an impressive display, as Luther grabbed her arms and pulled her up.  Brannock helped Arick to his feet as well, and slapped him on the shoulder with a laugh.
"I think you just met your match, kid," Brannock chuckled.
Luther was similarly impressed.  "That was a neat trick, grabbing another sword like that."
"It certainly caught me by surprise," Arick admitted somewhat sheepishly.
"I wasn't very good with it, though," Sasha laughed.
"Maybe we could work on that."
"Sure, but right now I have to go outside and get some fresh air.  I need to cool off before I sweat to death."
"You need some help?" Luther offered.
"No," she smiled, "I think I can make it on my own."
She walked sluggishly out of the training area, waving at them as she left, and headed up the tunnel, still breathing heavily as she made it to the exit.  She pushed open the door and was greeted by a refreshing blast of cold air.  She was so overheated that the frigid air felt wonderful against her flushed skin.  She walked outside and stood in the snow, arching her head back and closing her eyes, letting the cold seep through her shirt and cool her off.  Her breath billowed out and steam rose from her body like mist rising from a lake.  Flakes of snow landed on her face and melted immediately.
She still wasn't up to her fighting standards from before her imprisonment, but she was getting close.  Defeating Arick was due more to luck than skill anyway, but he probably wouldn't see it that way.  She wondered if he was angry at her.
But it felt good to defeat him.  Back in Arawend, she could barely hold her own against him when he was just fooling around, and that had been only a little more than a tenday before.  It almost surprised her how quickly it all came back, but knowledge did not mean much when her endurance was still so low.  All she proved was that she knew how to fight, not that she was truly capable.  Her arms ached and her muscles burned, and it would take tendays of intense training before she could build up the muscle and stamina needed to really reach her previous potential.
Finally, the cold air began to nip at her skin.  She looked around the yard to see a few guards still shoveling snow, but not much else was going on.  She realized that she left her jacket back in the training room, but she decided to leave it there.  She ran her fingers through her hair, which was still damp with sweat, but at least she wasn't so overheated anymore.
She found her way back to the visitor's quarters and back to her bed.  Some of her things were still sitting there on the floor.  Her pack with some extra clothes, her gloves and her sword and scabbard.  She sat down on the bed and pulled off her boots and then yanked off her heavy pants as well.  Thankfully, she carried a full change of clothes in her pack, and she undressed tiredly, setting her sweat-soaked underclothes aside to dry out.  She slid on a pair of thin gray slacks and an old green tunic and then collapsed into the bed.
The next thing she knew, Arick was standing in the doorway with her jacket slung over his shoulder.  He grinned and nodded down appreciatively at her.
"Asleep already?  Didn't you get enough sleep last night?"
She nodded, her face pressed against the mattress.  "Thank you for bringing my jacket back," she said, not moving to get up.
He sat down beside her and tossed the jacket on the other bed.  His hand swept down her back and he leaned over her to speak in her ear.  "I thought you might like to know, dinner will be served in about an hour.  Dragonwind wants everyone to be there."
"Have I been asleep that long?"
"Apparently.  I guess I must have really worn you out."
"I wore myself out beating you so badly," she giggled.
He leaned in a bit closer, his hand sliding up and down her back and rubbing her shoulders.  "That you did.  I'll have to be more careful next time.  In fact, I was thinking that maybe we could train with two swords from now on, if you were interested."
"Sure, that sounds great."
"Hmm," Arick said, looking down on her resting form.  She could almost feel his eyes sweeping down her back and across her bottom and her legs.  His hand gently rubbed her back and then casually slid downward, stopping at her waist, where it slipped under her shirt and then moved back up, his hand caressing her skin.
"Arick," she muttered into the mattress.  "What are you doing?"
"Nothing," he said.  "Just making sure you didn't pull a muscle."
She sighed.  "Well, stop it."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm quite sure."
He pulled his hand out from underneath her shirt, resting it briefly on her hip, and then his hand began to explore her thighs.
"Not there either," she said.
He laughed humorlessly and took his hand away.  "Okay, if you say so.  I was hoping maybe you changed into this outfit for my benefit.  I was getting tired of seeing you covered and bundled up all the time.  I like this better."
"Well, if you ever want to see me like this again, I suggest you keep your hands off."
He nodded.  "I understand."
"You can keep rubbing my back though.  That was kind of nice."
He laughed again, this time for real, and shifted his seat so he could put both of his hands on her shoulders and start massaging her.  She groaned in pain as his hands pressed down and kneaded the sore muscles, his thumbs pushing against her shoulder blades and his fingers squeezing her upper shoulders.  She sighed in relief and let her muscles go limp.
Arick leaned in close once more to speak softly in her ear.  "You know, I actually have no idea what I'm doing."
She laughed at him and said, "Well, you're doing pretty good."
"If you roll over, I can massage your front as well."
She chuckled at that.  "What am I going to do with you, Arick?"
"You could finally give in to my romantic overtures and admit that you're madly in love with me.  That would be a nice start."
She sighed again.  "I don't know if I can do that," she said quietly.
His hands stopped their movements.  "Why not?" he asked.
"It doesn't feel right."
"What do you mean?"
What precisely did she mean?  She tried to think, but the words wouldn't come to her.  She just didn't know how to explain it to him.  How could he understand how she felt?  
She got her arms under her to pull herself onto her side, and then she rolled onto her back with a grunt, gazing up at Arick.  He looked honestly confused and a little worried.  She sighed and clumsily reached for his hand.
"I don't know what to do," she admitted.  "Nothing feels like the right thing to do anymore.  It was easy when we first met.  I could just ignore you."  She smiled warmly at him.  "But you're a very stubborn man.  I can't ignore you anymore, can I?"
"What do you want me to do, Orshana?" he asked her sincerely.  There was no trace of humor or sarcasm in his voice now.  "If you really want me to leave you alone, then I'll do that.  But you can't tell me that you don't feel anything for me.  You're just afraid to admit it."
"That may be true.  But it doesn't change the problem."
"I would never hurt you, I promise.  I just want the chance to prove it to you."
"Do you love me?" she asked.
He hesitated and then said, "I don't think I know you well enough to love you."
Sasha felt a surge of emotion run through her, and her eyes suddenly felt like they were going to run with tears.  It was as if a pressure was released from her chest, and she held Arick's hand a little tighter, looking up at him with a penetrating stare.
She managed to say softly, "That's what I hoped you would say.  If you said that you loved me, I would know you were just lying.  So thank you for telling me the truth."
"It doesn't mean I don't care," he started to say.
"I know, believe me, I know.  And I'm sorry that I don't tell you very much about myself.  But I don't ..."  She swallowed and blinked a few times to clear her vision.  "I mean, I haven't had a very good life, Arick, and I don't like to talk about it.  You were right.  Bad things happened to me in the past, but I can't tell you about them just yet."
"Okay," he said, holding her hand tightly.  "Thank you for finally telling me.  I promise, whatever happened, it won't change how I feel about you."
"You can't promise me that.  But don't worry about it.  When the time comes, maybe I'll be able to tell you everything.  I hope I can."
"I hope so too, Orshana."
I'm still Orshana to him.  He doesn't even know my real name.  How can he possibly understand me at all if he doesn't even know who I am?
She nodded and then rolled onto her side, letting go of Arick's hand and folding her arms underneath her head.  She let out a long, tired sigh looked sideways up at him.
"No falling back asleep," he said with a grin.
"I know.  I suppose I should get up."
"Here, I'll help you."
He stood up and took her hand to pull her up into a sitting position.  She ran a hand through her hair and tried to pat it down where it stuck up.  Arick laughed softly at her sleepy appearance, and Sasha could only smile awkwardly.  Wearing only her thin tunic, she felt unprotected from his eyes, which seemed to search out every curve of her body, but she resisted the urge to cross her arms over her chest.  She felt comfortable enough with him now that it didn't bother her.  After all, she wore nothing but a threadbare tunic for years in prison, and got used to the lingering glances the guards gave her sometimes.
Arick refrained from staring too long, though.  He wandered over to the foot of the bed and said, "Do you want me to leave while you change clothes?"
"You don't have to.  I'm not getting undressed, I'm just putting more clothes on over these ones.  You can hand me my pants while you're standing there, if you want."
With Arick watching her patiently, she pulled on her heavy winter clothes and buttoned up the front of her jacket.  She ran her hands through her hair once more and said, "Well, how do I look?"
"You look wonderful," Arick said with a smile, and his voice implied much more.
"Come on then," she said, taking his hand.  "Let's go get something to eat."
Chapter Twenty-Two
Speech in the Dinner Hall

Down in the dinner hall, most of the people from the caravan were already there, seated at the long tables and conversing loudly with each other and with the fort guards.  As Sasha and Arick came inside, the warm rush of heat and the chatter of competing conversations put a smile on her face.  She saw Darl, Olfred, and a few others seated at the far end of the hall, talking with some of the guards.  Dragonwind and his inner circle were all seated at the front, while most of the guards occupied the tables in the middle of the room.  Seeing everyone together at the same time gave Sasha her first real idea of just how many people where there, and it did seem that the people from her caravan did outnumber the guards.
There were a few empty seats at one of the side tables, so Sasha and Arick took a seat to find that the others at the table included Marden Thundersky and Keesa Goldrunner.  Marden gave them a fierce grin as they sat down.
"Look who's here," he said, "I heard you two put together a pretty entertaining show this afternoon down in the practice room."
"You did, huh?" Sasha said.
"News travels fast.  I heard you kicked this guy's butt up and down the whole room."
"Something like that."
"I wouldn't go that far," Arick said.
"Now, don't be embarrassed," Marden said, "Women love it when guys let them win a fight.  I always let women win the first few times."
"Oh, really?" Sasha replied.
Keesa leaned forward and shook her head.  "Don't listen to him, he doesn't know what he's talking about."
"Is that so?" Marden asked in mock offense.  He moved closer to her and whispered conspiratorially, "I let you win a few times, you know.  It was all a clever ploy to get you into bed with me."
"Well, it didn't work, now did it?" Keesa said with a smile.
"Not yet, it hasn't.  But just you wait."
Keesa laughed, her voice melodic and charming.  Her golden eyes flashed warmly in the light from the lamps that illuminated the dinner hall.  She wore a thick gray jacket with black lining and black pants.  Her short black hair was brushed straight back.  Sasha couldn't help but admire Keesa's beautiful eyes, and she found herself staring.  She didn't get close enough to the Orthas men she saw in Arawend to see their eyes, but she found Keesa's bright gold eyes to be incredibly pretty.
"I wish I would have stayed to watch your fight," Keesa said.  "Marden was just telling me about it, actually.  No offense, but when I met you earlier, I didn't think you looked like much of a fighter."
"I'm working on it," Sasha said.  "I'm still in training."
"You two are a couple, I take it?"
Sasha leaned back, starting to shake her head.  "Well, not exactly -"
"Sort of," Arick said.  "Well, maybe."
"Maybe?" Sasha asked suddenly, turning to face him.  "What does maybe mean?"
"I don't know, you tell me," Arick said defensively.
"We're not a couple!"
"Yet," he added.
Marden burst out laughing.  "What did I tell you?  He lets you win a fight or two, and now you're arguing over whether or not you're together.  Happens every time."
"Sorry," Keesa laughed nervously.  "I didn't mean to start an argument."
"Oh, we're not arguing," Sasha clarified.  "There's just been a slight misunderstanding.  But it's all worked out now."
"That's what you think," Marden said.
Sasha looked up as the conversation in the dinner hall seemed to fade out as some new people came in through the door.  They all wore their official blue and gold Legion uniforms.  The man in front wore golden epaulettes on his shoulders and a cape as well to help protect him from the cold.  He walked up to the front of the dinner hall where everyone could see him and waited a moment for the talking to die down.
Marden grunted sarcastically.  "It looks like the Captain finally decided to come into the same room as the rest of us.  This is probably the first time he's ever been here."
"He doesn't eat his meals here?" Arick asked.
"Nope, he spends most of his time in his office and personal quarters."
Captain Lucian Hightower seemed the kind of man whose hands were balled into fists even when he was asleep.  He stood with his back painfully straight, and looked like he was accustomed to speaking through clenched teeth.  His face was rocky and sharp with a prominent chin, and his blonde hair was run through with streaks of gray.  Surprisingly, he kept his hair cut relatively short, and it barely reached his shoulders.  His eyes were a bright blue and very intense, almost reminding Sasha of her father's eyes.
"Good evening, everyone," he said stiffly.  "By now, most of you have become acquainted with our visitors here, the caravan headed by the esteemed Farakas Dragonwind.  I know you'll make them feel welcome, as their stay might be a lengthy one.  Usually, we only see travelers here for a day or two, but in this case, it may be significantly longer than that.  All of you know the weather situation, of course, so I don't have to go into more detail about that.  Fort Wardenhall is open to all of you, and I hope everyone will find the accommodations to their liking.  If you have any concerns, please feel free to ask one of the men stationed here.  If you have a question for me personally, please see Verina Ravenwind, who works in my office, and we can set up a meeting."
He flexed his hands and placed them on his belt, as if trying to make his posture more informal, although he didn't seem capable of it.  "Farakas has generously offered to let his men perform guard duty here at the fort for a limited time while they are here, so that means the men under my command will have their duties reduced somewhat.  I believe this arrangement is beneficial to both parties, and I'm sure my men will appreciate some extra free time."  A positive murmur ran through the tables of guards, agreeing with his sentiment.
"As for our visitors, I would also like to make sure you are all aware that even though you are free citizens of Verdana, during your stay here you are still under my protection and subject to the rules of Fort Wardenhall.  You are guests, and I hope you will be on your best behavior while you are here.  If you have any questions regarding what rules we expect you to follow, all you have to do is ask one of my men, and they will inform you.  And likewise, I also expect everyone under my command to act in accordance with the highest standards of the Emperor's Legion.  I will not tolerate any problems or disturbances.  I hope I make myself perfectly clear."
He paused to examine the faces in front of him, but no one in particular seemed to draw his attention.  Pursing his lips and nodding affirmatively, he went on.  "One other topic I would like to bring up is the matter of the political situation in Verdana," he said in a strained voice.  "By now, I expect that everyone knows that the High Council has yet to choose a new Emperor.  While the long delay is certainly uncommon, it is not unheard of.  I am confident that soon, the Council will convene to choose our new Emperor, but I would prefer if you would not speculate on the matter.  It is not up to us to decide the name of the new Emperor, that is the responsibility of the High Council, and I believe that they will choose the right person, in the name of the Holy Judge.  Our responsibilities here remain unchanged, and we will continue to perform our duties properly, whether there is an Emperor in Arlora or not.  Is that also clear?"
Another murmur of assent from the crowd, and Hightower nodded to himself again.  Sasha got the impression that he was speaking to the Aushars as well as the Verdans, as if trying to reinforce the idea that the Emperor was their ruler as well.  But Sasha would never offer her loyalty to a Verdan ruler, and many of the people from the caravan felt the same way, probably all the way up to Dragonwind himself.  Once again, Marden's comments earlier came back to her.  Was Hightower concerned about so many Aushar gathered here, when the politics of Verdana were so unstable?
"That is all I have," Hightower said, folding his hands behind his back.  He tilted his head back so he could look down his nose at his audience.  "I hope you all enjoy dinner this evening.  In honor of our guests, I have given Samily permission to increase everyone's portions tonight.  And those of you not scheduled for guard duty this evening will also have some more to drink if you wish.  We have opened up an extra barrel of sweet ale, but I will not tolerate any drunkenness in my Fort, so drink in moderation.  Have a good evening, everyone."
Some of the guards clapped at his mention of extra drinks, or just out of politeness after his short speech, but he turned and headed out the door without another word, followed by a few of the guards who were still on duty.  Hightower, it seemed, was a man who did not enjoy socializing with his own men.  If he enjoyed socializing at all, that is.
All of a sudden, people started standing up and heading toward the kitchen.  Samily Greatwolf and her helpers began dumping ladles of stew into waiting bowls and handing them out, along with huge loaves of bread and baskets of fruit.  The stew was loaded with chopped vegetables, big chunks of meat, and flavored with spices.  The smell of roasting meat and cooking spices wafted from the kitchen, making Sasha's mouth water.
"One at a time!" Samily laughed heartily as people swarmed around the kitchen entrance.  "We have enough for everybody, so there's no need to push and shove!"
Sasha remained in her seat.  "I think I'll wait until the crowd dies down."
"Suit yourself," Marden said as he got up.
Keesa sat back and smiled, folding her hands in her lap.  The others all got up as well, so only Sasha, Arick, and Keesa remained seated.
"So," Sasha said, "You were going to tell us your life story, remember?  How did you wind up way out here?"
Keesa smiled and shrugged her shoulders.  "Well, it's not a very exciting story.  My father is a Captain in the Legion.  He used to command Fort Lightninghall, which is at the mouth of the Sankrete River, just north of Orthasa.  My mother's from a village near there, and they met, fell in love, got married, the whole thing."
"Sounds exciting to me," Sasha said.  "Is that why you're in the Legion?"
"Well, sort of," Keesa said vaguely.  "The Legion frowns on fort commanders getting married to local women, especially those who aren't Verdan.  So they recalled him to Arlora and stuck him in the Office of Recruitment to work as a trainer.  My mother came along even though she wasn't happy about it."  Keesa sighed and shrugged again, looking disappointed.  "I grew up surrounded by people in the Legion, so it made sense to join when I was old enough.  I thought my father could get me an assignment somewhere nice.  But they sent me here instead."
"Sorry," Sasha said.  "You think they sent you here on purpose?"
"I do," Keesa said with a slow nod.
"Well, if it makes you feel better, my mother was Aushar and my father was Verdan.  So I know what it's like to grow up with a mixed race."
"Really?" Keesa said, perking up.  "I couldn't even tell.  You look like a full Aushar to me."
Sasha smiled.  "That's because you aren't Aushar.  Anyone from Aushara can tell right away that I have a mixed background."
"Did you get picked on when you were a girl?"
"Sometimes I did."  Her mind wandered back to the day her father told her about her past, and the nasty things that Harlan's mother said to her.  She'd heard similar offensive comments a few other times in her life, but not very often.
"You'll have to tell me more about it," Keesa said with a warm smile, leaning forward to set her elbows on the table.  "It would be great to talk with someone who knows what it's like."
"Have you met Olfred?"
"Who?" she asked, but then her eyes lit up and she said, "Oh, I know who you mean!  I saw him earlier, but I wasn't introduced.  I'd love to talk to him as well if I get the chance."
"He's over there," Sasha said, pointing to one of the other tables.  "After dinner I'll bring him over so you can meet him.  His bloodline is so mixed, he can't even use Charms."
"Oh, my," Keesa said softly.
Marden came over with a bowl in one hand, a mug of mead in the other, and a chunk of bread  sticking out of his mouth.  He flopped down at the table and bit through the bread so the rest fell into his stew, making Keesa laugh.  He stirred it in the broth for a moment and then stuffed it back into his mouth.  Marden seemed to enjoy making woman laugh, so Sasha joined in as well.
"Looks like there's some room now," Arick said as he got up.
Sasha's stomach rumbled greedily as she got her meal.  After her short lunch and the long workout with Arick, she worked up a huge appetite, so she hinted to Samily that she was extra hungry.  Samily winked at her and scooped a second small ladle of stew into her bowl.
Marden made some more jokes, Arick talked about their trip up the Hale Road, Keesa told them a bit more about her life, and Sasha simply listened to what was going on around her.  The guards at the  next table over were joking around and spilling their ale.  Sasha glanced across the room at Dragonwind and the Red Guard, who did not seem to be enjoying themselves quite as much.  She could hear Alaster talking loudly at another table, being his usual loquacious self.  All in all, everyone seemed to be having a good time.
The mead didn't have much spice, but she was glad they had mead as well as the Verdan ale, which was about as flavorful as water.  But the guards seemed to enjoy it, so maybe it was an acquired taste.  Of course, most people from Verdana would say the same about spiced mead.  Keesa sipped at her ale through most of dinner, making one mug last the entire meal.  Arick echoed her own thoughts and mentioned how weak the mead was.
"It's the best we got," Marden said with a shrug.  "Samily's asked them to order some better spices, but there aren't enough Aushar stationed here to make it worth the effort of shipping it up here."
It wasn't long until people began filing out of the dinner hall.  Samily and the others from the kitchen began cleaning up, putting away the dirty bowls and mugs, and wiping down the tables as they were emptied.  Marden bade them farewell and left, since he was scheduled to shovel snow again in the evening.  Dragonwind and his crew finished and walked out, and Arick went with them, wishing Sasha a good night as he left.
"I guess I might as well get going as well," Keesa said, standing up.
"Are you on duty tonight?"
"Not tonight, but I'm scheduled for first watch tomorrow morning."
"I'll introduce you to Olfred.  It looks like he's getting ready to leave as well."
Olfred and Darl were on their way out, so Sasha and Keesa walked over and accompanied them outside.  It was brisk and cold, the snow still falling as hard as it had been all day.  The sky was a dull grayish blue and getting darker every moment.
Keesa and Olfred chatted animatedly about their backgrounds, while Darl and Sasha walked a few paces behind.  Darl stuck his hands into the pockets of his brown jacket and looked up at the falling snow.
"How are you today?" he asked.  "I heard you had another practice session with Arick, and you attacked him with two swords or something like that?"
"Yeah, I guess news travels fast around here."
"Not much else to do but gossip, I suppose."
"What have you been up to?"
"I helped some of the guys unpack more supplies from the wagons, and I shoveled some snow too before dinner.  Other than that, it was a boring day."
As they walked out into the yard, Sasha glanced to see the stable over to her right, and she realized that she hadn't checked on Dusty all day.  She got up late and then slept through the afternoon as well, so it slipped her mind.
Darl followed her into the stable as she went over to Dusty's stall.  He was munching on some horse feed, and his head perked up when she said his name.
"I'm sorry," she apologized, scratching his head.  "I hope you're doing okay."
Darl smiled and leaned against the stall, crossing his arms.  "Have you met Tolmas?  He's the stablehand here.  Nice guy, takes good care of the animals."
"I met him briefly last night before I went to bed."
"I'm sure Dusty will be just fine while we're here.  If you want, we could go for a ride tomorrow to give our horses some exercise.  It won't hurt to ride for a bit back down the road, even in the snow."
"That's a good idea," Sasha said.
"Do you think your man will mind?"
"Very funny."
He spread his hands innocently.  "Hey, Arick's a nice guy.  I know you said you're nobody's girl, but everyone else knows you and him are together now, even if you won't admit it to yourself.  I could tell a few days ago."
"Can we talk about something else, please?"
Darl let out a short laugh.  "Okay, if you want.  Let's go back out and join the others and then go someplace warm."
"Another good idea," Sasha said.  She patted Dusty's rump affectionately and said, "I'll take you out tomorrow, okay?  And maybe I'll talk Samily into giving me a treat to give you."
They walked back out into the snow and caught up with Keesa and Olfred, who were heading toward the cave entrance, still in conversation.  The sky had gone darker in just a few minutes, and was now dark gray as the sun set.  Torches flickered in the yard and bright braziers roared up in the guard towers.
"Come on inside," Keesa offered.  "I have an hour or two before I have to get some sleep.  We can talk for a little while."
"Sounds good," Sasha said.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Talking with the Girls

Sasha did not return to her bed until late that night.  She, along with Darl and Olfred, stayed up for awhile talking with Keesa in one of the cave's common areas.  A few tables were set up so people could sit and talk or play games to pass the time.  One of the other tables was occupied by four guards playing an intense game of Regents, which Olfred watched for a little while.  The guards greeted Keesa and seemed polite to the rest of them, but they weren't exactly friendly.
Keesa shared more of her life with them, and Olfred seemed thrilled to learn about her background, especially since she was from Orthasa, which he did not know very much about.  He asked her all sorts of questions about their religions and cultural practices and even the kinds of foods they ate.  Keesa moved to Verdana when she was still very young, she didn't know quite as much about Orthasa as Olfred hoped, but she knew enough from her mother to answer most of his questions.  Sasha found the discussion fascinating, although she didn't have much to add herself.
They left Keesa a few hours later, since she had to get some sleep before her shift on guard duty started at dawn.  She retired to bed, and Sasha left with the others back out into the yard.  It was pitch black except for the bright braziers burning in the fort towers, and the snow was still falling.
Olfred bade them a good night as well and left for the commander's office, where he was given a small corner room to sleep in.  Sasha didn't feel very tired yet, since she slept for so much of the day.  She returned to the visitor's quarters with Darl, and he went off to bed as well.  She wandered to her bed in the back room, and found the other two beds occupied by none other than Polla and Dravina, who were talking with each other with a candle burning on one of the tiny nightstands.  In the entire time she'd been with the caravan, Sasha didn't think she had ever seen the two of them apart.
"And where have you been?" Dravina asked with a grin, as Sasha sat down on her bed to take her boots off.
"I was with Darl and Olfred.  We were talking with one of the guards."
"What do you think about this place?" Polla asked, sitting up.  "I bet you like it here.  They have a sword fighting area and everything."
"It's okay, I guess.  Hopefully we don't have to stay too long."
"It's so great to sleep in a real bed again though!" Polla chirped.  "I was getting sick of sleeping on the ground.  I'm not really much of a traveler, you know.  Being stuck on that cart all day was so awful, and there was no privacy at all."
Dravina made a sour face.  "And when the snow started, ugh!  I hated it."
"It is nice to sleep in a bed again, you're right about that," Sasha agreed solemnly.  She changed out of her warm clothes and crawled under the thin blanket.
"The guys are really nice here too," Polla said.  "There were like five of them chatting me up at dinner."
"Did you talk to that tall one with the scar on his chin?" Dravina asked.
"His name's Ranvar.  He's not too bright, though, even if he is big and strong."
"I liked the skinny one with the darker blonde hair.  If it wasn't so cold outside, I think he would have tried to sneak me away from the fort to fool around."
"You think so?  The other guy kept staring at you too, I thought he might even ask you to spend the night with him."
"Please, we just got here!  I'm not easy like that.  Besides, we're gonna be here for a few days, I heard.  I have plenty of time to figure out which guy I like best."
Sasha was amused as the two of them chattered away.  They spent most of the time talking about men.  Which ones they liked, which ones they didn't, which ones they wanted to sleep with, which ones might even be marriage material.  It was funny but also a little odd to hear them discuss men with such intensity, since Sasha normally didn't think about men in that way.  Of course, being in prison made the subject pointless to think about.
She hadn't spent much time talking with either Polla or Dravina so far during the trip, because it was clear from the beginning that she had nothing in common with them.  They were both nice women, but their main interests seemed to be dating men and engaging in social gossip, two topics that Sasha knew very little about.  She had spent almost her entire life around men, so she didn't really know how to talk to women in the first place.  Growing up, the closest thing she had to a female role model was the women in her village, who treated her kindly but also acted aloof from her for a variety of reasons.  She never had a motherly figure when she was young, and all her childhood friends were boys as well.  She realized that she had never really had a female friend in her entire life.
Women like Polla and Dravina seemed to have come from a different world than her.  They were talkative, flirty, and very social.  Almost the opposite of Sasha in many ways.  She thought they were being silly by focusing so much on men, but at the same time, she felt a little jealous of them for being able to just flirt with men whenever they wanted without feeling awkward.  
Flirting was something Sasha knew she was not very good at.  The best she could manage was to carefully divert the flirting that men did with her, which she supposed was a method of flirting in itself.  But she sometimes wished she could just be open with men without being so guarded all the time.  Arick was right about that much.  She did have trouble letting her guard down.
"I thought you were still hoping to get Alaster to notice you," Dravina said with a smirk.  "You always listen so intently when he tells his stories."
"Alaster is so smart," Polla said.  "And he really is a successful merchant.  I know he's kind of down on his luck right now, but I'm sure once we get to White Flame, he'll be wealthy again in no time.  I really hope he'll let me come with him."
"You think he'll marry you?"
"He might," Polla said defensively.
"I don't think I'm ever getting married," Dravina scoffed.  "You want a husband and a bunch of kids, you go right ahead.  I'll stay happy and free to do what I like."
"You'll grow to be an old spinster," Polla teased her.
"Husbands are overrated.  It's better to just fool around with guys when you want and then get rid of them.  I like my freedom and my independence.  What do you think, Orshana?  You can take care of yourself just fine, right?  I bet you're not in any hurry to get married."
Sasha lay on her back with her hands underneath her head.  She sighed and said softly, "I do want to get married someday.  I'd like to have a family."
"Really?" Dravina seemed honestly surprised.  "I thought you wanted to be a soldier or something, I figured you didn't even care much for men.  I know that Arick's been hounding after you, of course," she chuckled.  "But the rumor is that you keep giving him the cold shoulder."
"That's the rumor, huh?"
"See, even Orshana wants to have a husband," Polla said confidently.  "You just have to find a good man and then you'll see."
The two of them went on for a little while longer before they finally decided to blow out their candle and go to sleep.  Sasha laid in bed awake for some time, since she wasn't really tired to begin with, so she just laid there staring at the dark ceiling and let her mind wander.  Their conversation once again set her thinking about Arick and what she was going to do about him.  She tried in vain to think about something else, but his face kept popping into her mind.
Maybe Polla was right.  Maybe she just had to find a good man and then things would fall into place.  Arick was a good man, but so was Darl and so was Olfred.  She certainly wasn't interested in marrying Olfred, and the feeling was likely mutual.  Darl might make a good husband, but there was something off about him she could never quite put her finger on.  He was nice, but she wasn't really attracted to him in a romantic way.
Arick, on the other hand, she was definitely attracted to, as much as she tried to deny it.  That was part of the problem with him.  And although she believed that Arick was a good man, she had a feeling he'd make a terrible husband.  He was charming and clever when he wanted to be, but she wondered how long it would be before some other pretty woman grabbed his attention.  At the moment, she felt that he cared about her for more than her body, but how long would that last?  Was Arick really the kind of man who could be a faithful husband?
Besides, he's not really interested in me.  He's attracted to Orshana, the woman I'm pretending to be.  Once he learns the truth about me, he'll lose interest soon enough.  I'm not the kind of woman he really wants.
There were more men in the world though.  Once she was back in Aushara, there'd be thousands of eligible men she might decide to marry.
Thinking on that, she finally drifted off to sleep.
Chapter Twenty-Four
A Secretive Departure

It was still pitch dark when she opened her eyes and came awake.  She turned to see Dravina fast asleep on the bed next to her.  She guessed only a few hours had passed since she fell asleep, so she laid there and closed her eyes in an attempt to return to slumber.  Eventually, she got bored and sat up in bed.  She doubted that she'd be able to fall asleep again, so she decided to get up and take a walk around the fort.  Maybe the dinner hall was open and she could get something to eat.  She dressed silently so as not to wake up her roommates, and then crept into the hallway, peeking into the other rooms to see everyone else was still asleep.
Outside, the very first lights of dawn were creeping over the mountains.  For the first time in awhile, it wasn't snowing outside, and the air was clear and crisp, although the sky was still overcast with the warning of more snow to come.
Her breath billowed out in a white cloud, and she shuffled her feet through snow that was almost to her knees.  The entire world looked a cold gray color in the light of dawn.
Keesa was probably on duty, so Sasha thought about going to say hello, but she didn't think it was a good idea to bother her.  Instead, she wandered to the stable and found Dusty still in his stall.  He was asleep, his head down, and Sasha chose not to bother him either.  She had only visited him briefly the night before, but she promised herself that she'd take him for a short ride today to give him some exercise.  She wanted Dusty to stay healthy and strong for the rest of the trip to Aushara and she didn't like leaving him alone in the stable for days on end.
She heard someone talking outside, the voices drifting across the inner yard.  It was probably some of the guards walking around.  The voices came closer and she looked up to see half a dozen figures enter the stable, led by Farakas Dragonwind.
He stopped in surprise when he saw her there.  "What in the world are you doing here, girl?" he asked her accusingly.
"Nothing," she said, equally surprised to see him.  "I couldn't sleep, so I got up and came out here.  What are you doing up?"
Dragonwind grunted something and went to one of the stalls.  Along with him were Brannock Icebuilder and Garven Silverhorn.  They nodded to Sasha and also went to get their horses.
"The weather might be clear today," Garven said as he picked up his saddle and placed on the back of his large black stallion.  "We're going to head out and see how bad the road is north of here.  We'll see for ourselves if it's as bad as they told us."
"Oh, I see," Sasha said.  "Do you think it might be passable?"
Garven gave her an indecisive shrug.  "The snow is surely too deep for the wagons .  But we might be able to make it on horseback."
"Does the commander here know that you're leaving?"
"No," Dragonwind said gruffly.  "You're welcome to tell him if you see him.  I don't know about you, girl, but I trust a Captain in the Emperor's Legion about as far as I can throw him.  I don't like staying here at all.  I'd walk to Long Hearth on foot if I thought I could make it."
"Good luck," Sasha said.  "If you can make it, will you send someone back to let the rest of us know that you're okay?  If the road is passable, I might even follow after you.  I don't like staying here either, to be honest."
"Good," Dragonwind said.  "You shouldn't."
Sasha wasn't sure exactly what he meant by that, so she just stepped aside as they saddled their horses, tied down their packs, and led the horses out of their stalls.  All the commotion woke up Dusty, who lifted his head and looked around, swishing his tail.  Sasha entered his stall and rubbed his head and whispered soothingly into his ear.  He seemed happy to see her, and clacked his hooves against the floor as she scratched him behind his ears.
Dragonwind and his men left the stable and Sasha followed them out a few minutes later.  They mounted their horses and waited as the gate was opened.  The guards in the towers looked down curiously, but no one tried to stop them from leaving.  Sasha guessed that the guards simply assumed that Dragonwind had permission to leave.  Or else they didn't care enough to try and stop him.  
Luther was there with two other Red Guards to help open the rear gates that headed north to Aushara.  Sasha hurried over to assist them, and they pulled the gates open wide.  As the group began to ride out of the fort, Dragonwind moved his horse over to Sasha and gave her one of his regular critical stares.
"I told Arick about our plans last night, so he already knows.  So do our families, of course.  Maybe we should have told the rest of you, but we didn't want anyone to ask questions or make a fuss.  I'm leaving Tharigan in charge of my men, so if you have any problems you can talk to him."
She was surprised that he bothered to explain himself to her, since he usually went out of his way to say as little to her as possible.  Dragonwind had little patience for anyone who didn't wear a Red Guard emblem on their chest, so she didn't hold it against him.  In a strange way, she found Dragonwind's gruff and rude behavior somehow endearing.
"Be careful, dad," Luther said as Garven rode past.
"We'll be fine.  Just take care of Riana and your mother.  You're in charge until we get back," Garven said.  "And try not to get into any trouble."
"I won't," Luther promised.  "Have a safe trip."
Once the riders were outside, they closed up the gate once more.  And then they all went up the steps to the top of the wall to see Dragonwind and others off.  The wind kept much snow from accumulating on the ledge leading down to the road, but the road itself had snow two feet deep in the center and incredible drifts of five feet or more along the edges.  The riders looked back once to wave farewell, except for Dragonwind himself, and then they rode out single file down the road until they turned a slight corner far ahead and were out of sight.
"Do you think they'll be okay?" Sasha asked.
"Of course they will," Luther said confidently.  
"I wonder when they'll be back."
"They might be back this afternoon for all we know.  If the road is too bad to travel, then they'll have to come right back."
"You're right," Sasha said.  
But she wasn't so sure.  Dragonwind didn't seem like he was prepared to just turn around and come back if the road was truly impassable.  He said he'd walk to Long Hearth if he had to, and Sasha wondered if he might do just that.  In some ways, making the trip on foot would be easier than on horseback, because he could use his Charms to travel across the surface of the snow and make better time that way.  Someone like Dragonwind might actually be able to make such a trip, even in terrible weather.
Although she did wonder why he was so determined to do so.  Staying for tendays in a Verdan fort wasn't exactly her idea of a good time, but it wasn't so bad here.  Hightower seemed content to leave them alone, and they outnumbered the Verdan guards here anyway.  She wondered why Dragonwind was so intent on leaving as soon as possible.  It wasn't like they had some important schedule to keep.
Maybe she could ask Arick about it later.  He knew Dragonwind far better than she did, so maybe he could offer some insight.  If anyone in this whole fort had a grudge with the Emperor's Legion, it was Sasha, so if she could accept staying here for a tenday, then anyone could.
Luther sighed and shivered a bit.  "Oh well.  I don't know about you, Orshana, but I'm going back to bed."
"I'm awake now, so I'll stay up," Sasha said with a smile.  "I'll see you later."
She rested her arms on the railing and leaned over the edge of the wall, looking down to the road below.  The horses' hoofprints were already obscured by the wind, even though it wasn't actually snowing at the moment.  In a few hours' time, they might not even be able to tell that anyone had left.
She puffed out a white breath and looked out absentmindedly across the sharp white ridges and peaks of the mountains surrounding them.  The tallest peak to the east was quite a distance from here, farther out in the middle of the Warden's Crown, but Sasha could just make out the tip of the mountain called the Skyspear.  Few people, even Aushar, had ever tried to scale the mountain, and most of them died in the attempt.  Sasha gazed out at the distant peak, wondering what it would be like to see the world from such a great height.
A flicker of movement drew her eye out to a flat ridge far on the other side of the Hale Road.  The gray light of morning cast most of the mountainside in shadow, but Sasha clearly caught a glimpse of something moving up on the top of the ridge.
It was a figure in the shape of a person, and for a brief moment, Sasha could not comprehend how anyone could possibly have gotten there.  It was at the top of a sheer mountain face, hundreds of feet from anywhere someone could climb to.  As Sasha watched in amazement, the tiny figure moved along the tip of the ridge and just stood there.
There could be no doubt.  It was one of the Icefolk, it had to be.  Although she couldn't actually see it from so far away, the figure could not have been a person, she was sure of that.  The Icefolk could reach summits that no person could ever touch.  It was said that they could simply walk through solid ice and snow, much like the Seafolk of the south could travel effortlessly through water.
If Sasha could have gotten close enough to see it clearly, she knew it would have blue skin and dark features, and eyes like shards of black ice.  Everyone in Aushara knew the tales of the Icefolk, and Sasha even knew of a few people who claimed to have seen them up close.  Of course, "up close" when referring to the Icefolk meant fifty or sixty feet.  No one, to her knowledge, ever got very close to one of the Icefolk.  They were always viewed from a distance.  
Sasha felt blessed by the Warden that she got to see one of the Icefolk with her own eyes.  Especially since she saw one of the Seafolk just a few tendays before.  She wondered how many people in the whole world of Evios had ever seen both an Icefolk and a Seafolk.  Was it possible that she was the only one?  As she watched the Icefolk in fascination, she got the distinct feeling that it was looking right back at her.  Or maybe it was just looking at the fort, that was more likely.
She wanted to call for someone to take a look as well, and looked around quickly for someone to tell.  Witnessing one of the mysterious Icefolk was a rare occurrence, and Sasha had the urge to share the moment with someone, even one of the Verdan guards.  Maybe she could run and get Keesa and show her.
But when she glanced back up at the ridge, the figure was gone.
Chapter Twenty-Five
Falling Into Routine

Dragonwind and his men didn't return that day, or the next day either.  The weather cleared up just a little bit when the sun was out, but at night the snow continued just as heavy as before.  If Dragonwind was able to travel down the road, Sasha hoped he would have sent someone back to let them know.  But after two days, there was still no word.
Arick told her that a stretch of the Hale Road known as the Western Hook would take almost two days to reach from the fort, and that was the section that was most likely to be blocked by snow.  It was possible they were trying to get as far as possible before deciding if they could make it or not, so Sasha just hoped for the best.  
The other Red Guards and their families were not very concerned about it, so Sasha decided they knew better than she did.  It didn't seem possible that anything could have happened to Dragonwind, but there was always the chance of a freak avalanche or even a localized blizzard that could have stranded them.  Tharigan Frostmorn was in charge for the time being, and he basically told everyone not to worry, that Dragonwind would be back in another couple of days.  But Sasha didn't know Tharigan that well, and she wasn't convinced that he was as confident as he sounded.
In the meantime, she made the best of her time while they waited for Dragonwind's party to return.  She went for short rides with Dusty in the morning, usually just traveling half a league down the road and back to give Dusty some much-needed exercise.  Darl accompanied her each time, and Arick came along on the second day, as if keeping an eye on her, which she found cute on one hand, and incredibly annoying on the other.
They took the southern gate when they left for their rides, just so no one would think they were going out to follow Dragonwind.  According to Marden, Captain Hightower was fuming over the Red Guards' sudden disappearance, although Sasha figured that Hightower would be happy to see them go.  But Hightower never said anything about it on the few occasions he came out to associate with his men.  He kept his expression neutral, his responses guarded, and never said or did anything that could be taken too strongly one way or the other.  He acted as if someone was watching over his shoulder every moment to make sure he was perfectly behaved.  If he was trying to seem casual, he was terrible at it.  If anything, his carefully reserved behavior only made him seem like he was trying to hide something.  According to Marden and some of the other Verdan guards, Hightower always acted that way, which sounded like terrible behavior in a commanding officer.
After her morning ride, Sasha helped shovel snow or do other errands around the fort until lunch.  Pretty much everyone took shifts shoveling snow during the day.  In the afternoon, Sasha usually spent some time down in the training area, sparring with Arick or just practicing by herself.  She stripped down to her underclothes and practiced until she was dripping with sweat.  Keesa came down and gave her some pointers and sparred with her for a few rounds, just to give her some experience facing someone other than Arick.
Keesa's fighting style was very loose and fluid, quite different from Arick's predictable and forceful style.  When she moved, she looked like she was sliding across the floor, and she held her sword loosely in her hand, so that it was hard to tell exactly where she was actually aiming her strikes.  She moved fast, with choppy cuts and rapid thrusts, seeming to halt each movement without following through on the strike, switching to another move before Sasha was ready to properly defend against it.  
Sasha found it fun and exciting to face her in combat, since her style was so unlike anything that she had experienced so far.  She was accustomed to facing people bigger and stronger and her, so it was a nice change to face Keesa, who was taller than her but not much stronger.  People from Orthasa typically were thin and lithe, and did not bulk up with muscle the way people from Aushara did.  Sasha actually had a slight strength advantage over Keesa, but it didn't account for much, since Keesa was so much faster and unpredictable with her fighting style.
"How did you learn to fight that way?" Sasha asked when they took a break.  She put her hands on her knees and leaned over to gasp for breath.
Keesa wasn't nearly as winded, so she swung her sword around casually, a broad smile on her face.  Her dark skin glistened with sweat and her golden eyes were bright and expressive.  
"I guess you could say I'm self-taught," she said.  "I learned the basics from my uncle on my mother's side.  My style is based on a traditional Orthasa martial art called Kasinla."
"Really?  They have names for their fighting styles?"
Keesa laughed.  "Yes, some of them.  The Sharuth have names for their fighting styles too."
"How does their style work?"
"Well, some Orthas carry long curved blades called urlas.   It's longer than a knife, but shorter than a standard short sword.  It's got a little curve with a hook on the end, and a very thin cross-guard."
"I think I've seen them," Sasha said.  "I saw some Orthas men in Arawend and they were carrying curved blades like that."
"Okay, well they're mostly decorative.  They stage traditional knife fights as a form of public entertainment.  They aren't really trying to fight each other, it's more about how perfectly they execute all the moves.  I saw it once or twice when I was very young, before we moved to Arlora."
"And that's how they fight with the knives?"
"Something like that," Keesa said.  "It's all about swift movements and rapid changes of direction.  Since the blades are pretty short, you have to just jump in and pull back quickly to keep your defense up.  I kind of adapted that style to fighting with a sword.  Actual urla fights are far more intense, but not really suited against an opponent carrying a sword."
Sasha practiced with Keesa a little while longer before she got too tired to go on.  It felt great to be working so hard on her combat skills.  It felt like she was fifteen years old again, training with her father every day.  She still didn't feel like she was up to her old standards, but she was getting there.
After her training sessions, she usually wandered around the fort or headed back to her room.  Sometimes she talked with Olfred or Darl, sometimes she spent some time with Arick, but she usually just walked around to cool off after her training sessions.
Arick normally tracked her down before dinner and they went to get something to eat together, usually sitting at a table with Marden, Keesa, and Olfred.   Usually Darl sat with Alaster and the others, and most of the other fort guards sat together at various tables.  The remaining Red Guards either sat near Alaster and the others, or took a table to themselves.  Sasha was interested in how everyone seemed to separate themselves into groups the way they did.  She wondered why Marden and Keesa happened to sit with them, since it seemed that none of the other guards sat with people from the caravan, for whatever reason.
"Me and Keesa are the rejects, you see," Marden said over his supper.
"Speak for yourself," Keesa laughed.
"You're not the only Aushar guard, though," Olfred pointed out.
"Yeah, but the other guys want to fit in with the Verdans," Marden said with a shrug.  "I could care less about that.  And Keesa here sticks out like a sore thumb.  No offense, darling.  Socially, the two of us don't really fit in."
"I hate to say he's right," Keesa said.  "But he does have a point."
"I know what that feels like," Olfred said, a bit sadly.
"I feel that way sometimes too," Sasha confided.
"Not me," Arick said, taking a drink of mead.  "I'm only sitting here because of Orshana."
She elbowed him in the side so that he almost spilled his drink.  Keesa let out a polite laugh, but Marden roared with laughter when he saw Arick almost spill it over himself.
Keesa was usually scheduled for guard duty at dawn, so she went to bed early each night, and Olfred typically went to bed early as well.  Marden would have a few more drinks and share a story or two with Arick or one of the other guards as the crowd thinned out after dinner, and Sasha liked to stay late to help Samily clean up, even though she didn't have to.
After three days at the fort, Sasha almost felt like her life was falling into a routine, and she was beginning to get bored.  Even if the Hale Road was truly impassable, she knew they could not stay much longer.  Dragonwind would order them to leave the fort and head back south to Verdana rather than stay at the fort for the entire winter.  They didn't have enough supplies to last that long anyway, so they'd have to leave before spring in any case.
It angered her, but she tried to keep her frustration in check.  After making it so close to her destination, it seemed like a waste to turn around and go back.  She didn't want to return to Verdana and go all the way around the Warden's Crown, but she'd make the trip if she had to, since she didn't really have a choice.
Sasha usually took a walk around the fort after dinner and stop by the stable to brush Dusty, or walk along the walls with Arick.  She appreciated the fact that Arick gave her plenty of space since their talk a few days before.  He seemed to have temporarily given up trying to sneak her into bed, but she supposed that he was just biding his time.
Of course, there wasn't anywhere for them to have privacy here at the fort, even if she was interested.  But he still spent time with her during the day, and Sasha found herself warming more and more to his presence.  She was more comfortable with him without his constant innuendos and sexual comments, and once he figured that out, he kept his mouth shut and enjoyed her company.  And Sasha enjoyed his company as well, although she didn't know how to tell him that.
Although she was beginning to almost enjoy her stay at Fort Wardenhall, the first thing on her mind each evening was when they'd be able to leave.  While Dragonwind was gone, they were basically stuck there until further notice.  Sasha wasn't the only one who was concerned about staying at the fort much longer.  Alaster Snowborn in particular voiced his opinion that they should be moving on, and Sasha couldn't blame him.  It was nice to stay at the fort a few days to recover from their travels in the blizzard, but now it was time to move on.
Chapter Twenty-Six
A Game of Regents

Late in the evening on the third day since Dragonwind's departure, Sasha and Arick went into the visitors' quarters and kicked the snow from their boots.  Arick slept in one of the larger rooms with some of the Red Guards, so they went down the hall to his room.  When they came inside, Sasha saw that Luther and Tharigan Frostmorn were seated at a narrow table against the wall, playing a round of Regents.  Sasha wandered over to the table and watched for a moment as Arick went to his bed to take off his heavy coat.
Luther glanced up at her and gave her a pitiful smile.  "I'm terrible at this game," he said.
"I don't even know how to play," Sasha admitted with a shrug.
Tharigan frowned at her, his thick eyebrows crunching up.  Then he shook his head in disappointment and moved one of his pieces.  "I learned how to play when I was but a lad," he said in a gruff voice.  "And I ain't even that smart."
"My father taught me a few years ago," Luther said, "but I've never gotten the hang of it."
He hesitantly moved one of his soldiers and then studied the board after his move, trying to see if it was a good idea or not.
Tharigan moved one of his own pieces with a tired sigh.  "You're cornered now," he said.
Luther's shoulders dropped and he moved the soldier token again.  "I just don't see how you can figure out all the positions," he said.
Sasha sat down on the edge of Arick's bed and watched them play for a few turns.  Arick stretched out on his side next to her, propping his head up on his hand.  She first heard of the game of Regents until she was a teenager, but she never had an opportunity to learn how to play.  Her father considered the game to be a pointless Verdan pastime and she didn't think he ever learned to play either.
The game was played on a circular board divided into semi-circular spaces from the outside edge of the board down to the center, much like a board for playing darts or throwing knives.  There were three kinds of tokens; soldiers, nobles, and the king.  Each player had an assortment of soldiers and nobles, but there was only one king token, which each player moved every other turn.  The way the board was arranged, tokens could move to adjacent spaces in their own ring, or to two separate spaces on the rings closer or farther from the center.  
The goal of the game, as Sasha understood it, was to surround the king token with your own nobles.  Soldier tokens could destroy nobles or other soldiers through a variety of different positions on the board, and nobles could destroy other nobles or even take control of them by surrounding them.  The game was meant to serve as a representation of court politics and intrigue, with the nobles vying for control and influence over the king, while their soldiers fought in the background.
Watching the game made Sasha see just how incredibly hard it was, since the strategy for moving your tokens was impossibly complicated and could change from turn to turn.  Tharigan grunted in disapproval each time Luther made a poor move.  Eventually, Luther's forces dwindled as his soldiers were killed one at a time, until he was left with only two soldier tokens and four nobles, while Tharigan still had ten of his soldiers and six nobles on the board.
"You can't win the game with less than four nobles," he reminded Luther.  
"I know, I know," Luther said, slouching down with his chin in his hands.  He stared at the board for some time and then finally moved one of his nobles.  Then he sighed and moved the king token closer to his nobles, although the king was still several spaces away.
"You want to just quit now?" Tharigan asked.  "I can kill off two more of your nobles in the next three turns, no matter what you do."
"No, let's keep playing."
In fact, it only took Tharigan two turns to destroy two of Luther's nobles, leaving him without enough left to surround the king.  He sat back in frustration and just glared at the board and his devastated forces.
"Better luck next time," Tharigan said, pushing his chair back.  He stood up and scratched at his bushy red beard.  "I'm gonna head to the kitchen and see if I can talk my way into a nice mug of spiced mead before I go on guard duty."
"That doesn't sound like a good idea," Sasha said with a grin.
"Yeah, we'll who's gonna stop me?" Tharigan muttered.  "Besides, it ain't like there's anything to guard against.  Do they think ice trolls will attack us or something?"
Sasha sat down in his seat.  "You want to play again?" she asked Luther.  "Maybe you can teach me how to play."
"No, I think I've had enough for tonight."
"What about you, Arick?  You know how to play?"
"Sure, but I'm not very good," Arick said, sitting up in bed.
Luther sighed and got up.  "I guess I'll go and find something to do.  Maybe I'll join Tharigan for a drink or something."
"You don't have to leave," Sasha said.
"I'm bored anyway.  Not much to do around here."
As he walked out, Arick came over and took his seat at the table.  He picked up all the pieces of the game and began to rearrange them in their starting positions while Sasha watched him.
"Did Luther and Tharigan leave so that you and I could be alone together?" she asked him directly, watching as he placed some of the soldiers in a small group at one edge of the circular board.
Arick looked up innocently.  "I didn't ask them to leave."
"Did they think we wanted to be alone?"
"Why?  Do you want to fool around while they're gone?"
"I don't think so.  Not here where anybody can walk by and see us."
"Well then," Arick said diplomatically, "let's go out to the wagons.  No one will find us there."
"Won't it be cold?" Sasha asked with an amused smile.
"We can turn on some lanterns and warm the place up."
"I'll think about it."
"Really?"
Sasha laughed at the look on Arick's face.  "Let's just play this game first."
"All right," he sighed.
He placed all the tokens in little groups around the outer edge of the board, and then placed the king token right in the center.  Sasha controlled the soldiers and nobles on her side, and Arick controlled the ones on his side.  At the end of each turn, they could move the king on every other turn.  Arick quickly explained how the moves worked, how many spaces the tokens could move and in what directions.  Right away, the game seemed too complicated to understand in one learning session, but Sasha paid close attention and let Arick make the first move.
The first few turns were simple moves to bring out her forces.  She moved her soldiers out, deciding to rely on combat instead of using her nobles, since that strategy seemed harder to understand.  She understand soldiers and fighting, but nobility and court intrigue never made sense to her.
The king token generally stayed near the center of the board, since Sasha would move it in one direction on her turn, and Arick would move it right back in the other direction on his.  He moved out his soldiers and nobles both, gradually moving his soldiers toward Sasha's forces, and the nobles toward the king.  Sasha spent a few turns trying to figure out his strategy, and then gave up and instead just attacked his nobles.
She scored a few kills and lost a few soldiers as well, but quickly realized she could block Arick's movements with the king by blocking his path with her own tokens.  So she brought some of her soldiers next to king to prevent Arick from moving it back toward his nobles.
"Nice move," he said with a grin.  "You seem to be getting the hang of it.  But like I said, I'm not very good at this, so don't get too confident."
"I won't.  If I can actually win, then I might get confident."
As the game progressed, she realized how hard it was to balance her soldiers with her nobles.  Using just one of them was never a winning strategy, she needed to make use of both.  So she started bringing out the nobles, and actually managed to surround one of Arick's nobles after a few turns of careful maneuvering.  Arick couldn't believe she pulled it off, and congratulated her on the successful move.
"Here, replace my token with one of yours," he said.  "You control that one now."
However, Arick still was winning, since he had killed more of her troops, and he was closer to getting control of the king.  Sasha managed to draw out the game for a little while longer, blocking Arick's attempts to surround the king with his nobles, but eventually he brought in enough of his soldiers that he could kill off more of her forces.
He picked up one of his nobles and set it down firmly on the board to completely surround the king token.  "That's it," he said.  "Looks like I win."
"I guess so," Sasha muttered.
"You did pretty good though, better than I could play when I first learned.  If you want a real challenge, you should play Olfred.  He's like an expert at this game."
"I don't think I'm ready for that just yet," she chuckled.  
"So what do I get for winning?"
"We forgot to make a wager."
"Let's pretend that we did."
"Okay, what wager did we make?"
Arick laughed and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.  "You're going to let me decide?"
Sasha slouched back in her chair and folded her hands in her lap.  She glanced toward the hallway, but there was no one coming.  They weren't really alone, though.  She could hear people talking in one of the rooms down the hall.  She sighed and looked at Arick from across the board.
"What was the first wager we made?" she asked.
Arick leaned forward, setting his elbows on the table.  "If I remember correctly, if I won the contest, you would give me a kiss."
"Was that all?"
"Right here," he said, pointing at his lips.
She laughed again and shrugged her shoulders playfully.  "This game shouldn't even count, you know.  You were just teaching me to play.  If I knew what was at stake, I would have tried harder to win."
"Are you saying you lost on purpose?"
"I didn't know that I would have to kiss you."
"Sorry," he said, "but a wager is a wager."
"But we didn't make a wager, remember?"
"Then let's play again," he said, starting to sort out the tokens.  "We'll make a wager this time, and if I win then you owe me a kiss."
"I'm not really in the mood to play again, to be honest."
He scooped the tokens on the board into his hand.  "You are such a tease, you know that?  You're enjoying this cute little back and forth way too much."
"Well, I enjoy it a little bit," she confessed.  "And it is very cute.  Thank you for putting up with me.  I hope it doesn't bother you too much."
"I'm nothing if not patient," he said casually, placing the tokens one at a time back on the board, in their starting positions.
"I can't understand why.  I already told you about ..."  She quickly glanced back into the hallway to make sure no one was within earshot.  "I mean, I told you that I've never slept with anyone before.  I'm not going to be any good at it."
"That's not the point," Arick said with a grin.  "Practicing is half the fun.  And then, once you are good at it, that's the other half of the fun."
She chuckled nervously and looked at her hands.  She was blushing, she was sure of it.  It felt so strange to be talking openly about sex.  She wondered how many other men would be as patient as Arick was.  Not many, probably.  Although she felt that she understood men about as well as she understood the strategy of Regents, which was barely at all.
She actually felt disappointed that there was no real privacy in the building.  She would feel more comfortable if they were really alone, then maybe she could allow herself to get close to Arick, since she wanted the same thing he wanted.  She just wanted it on her own terms, and Arick was apparently willing to let her do exactly that.  She briefly considered taking him up on his offer to head down to the wagons, but it was too late for that now, and she was in no mood to go outside again.
She made a decision, and took a deep breath.  "Okay, I'll tell you what," she said.  "You can escort me back to my room.  I don't think Polla and Dravina are back yet.  So if there's nobody there, then I'll give you a kiss.  How does that sound?"
"That's the best news I've heard since we got here," Arick said.
They left the room and walked back down to her room at the far end of the building.  As they passed one of the other rooms, she looked in to see that Polla and Dravina were inside chatting with Alaster and a few others.  She could feel Arick right behind her, and he whispered in her ear, "It looks like the odds are in my favor."
They entered her room and she sat down on her bed.  Arick slid down beside her, setting his hand down on the bed as he leaned in close.  Sasha felt her body go rigid involuntarily, and she sat up straight, her hands in her lap.
"You're so scared," he said quietly.
"Yeah, I really am," she replied.  "I feel like I'm twelve years old, flirting with the boys in the village, and my father is looking over my shoulder."
He put his hand in hers.  "If it makes you feel any better, I feel very special to be the first man to get the chance to kiss you."
"Can I ask you something?" she asked suddenly.  "And I want you to be honest.  How many ? how many women have you slept with?"
"A few," he said, and then paused to think about it.  "Six, I've been with six women before."
"How old were you the first time?"
"Fourteen.  It was with a girl from my village.  We had a celebration one night in the summer, and she took me back out behind her house and we lost our purity to each other.  Her name was Carline."
"Fourteen," Sasha repeated.  "And I'm twenty-six.  That's pretty pathetic, don't you think?"
"Not at all.  You're a little older than most, but I'm sure there are lots of people who keep their purity past the age of twenty.  I lost it early, I'll admit that."
"And the other women you've been with?  Were they just ? just one time each?  I mean, have you stayed with any woman for a long time?"
"Sure.  I've had serious relationships," he said.  "I don't know if you remember Ursula, from the Wolf's Head?  She was one of the waitresses there.  She and I had a thing for about a year when I first started living in Arawend."
"Why did you stop being with her?"
"We didn't really have much in common.  She wasn't attached to anyone and neither was I, so we just sort of came together, since I was living upstairs and we saw each other every day.  But neither of us really took it seriously."
Sasha sighed again, trying to relax.  She was stalling and she felt annoyed at herself for being such a coward.  It was stupidly funny in a way.  She could pick up a sword and fight a man without any problems, but letting a man give her a simple kiss was an impossible task.
"The point is," Arick said gently, "that I've never really chased after a woman before, okay?  I've slept with women, sure.  But those times just kind of happened.  But I've never met a woman and really been interested in her like I am with you.  You're different, you're special."
"I believe you," she said, looking at him.  "I really do.  That's why I feel so stupid and so ? so nervous about this.  I don't know why you've stuck around for so long."
"Because I care about you.  And I think you care about me to."
"I do," she said, and they started to lean into him.
Suddenly, Dravina strolled into the room and sighed theatrically.  "Gosh, I don't think I could listen to Alaster talk a single minute more!" she said, flopping down on her bed.
Arick pulled away and gave Sasha a pained smile.  He gave her hand a squeeze and chuckled to himself.  There had been a brief moment between them, but now that moment was gone.
Dravina turned and seemed to notice the two of them for the first time.  "Oh, I'm sorry," she said as she realized her poor timing.  "Were you two in the middle of something?  I'm not interrupting, am I?  I can go back out if you want," she said quickly, sitting up.
"It's all right," Arick said with a short laugh, as he stood up.  "It's getting late anyway.  I think I'll head off to bed myself.  I'll see you tomorrow, Orshana."
"Yeah," Sasha said dumbly, looking up at him.  Their hands separated and Arick gave her one final glance over the shoulder as he walked away.
She felt frozen in indecision, and Dravina just looked at her with concern, but neither of them said anything.  Sasha summoned her courage and pushed down on the bed to force herself to stand up.  She hurried out of the room to chase Arick down the hall.
He turned around when she said his name.  She went up to him and put her trembling hands on his shoulders and then stood up on her toes to plant a kiss on his lips.  She'd never kissed a man before, she didn't even know if she did it right.  But she pressed her mouth against his, and then his arms were around her, holding her tightly as he kissed her back.
Finally, they pulled apart, Sasha's head spinning dizzily.  She let out a deep breath that she realized she had been holding, and came down off her toes, feeling weak and lightheaded.  She held onto the front of Arick's shirt to maintain her balance.
"There," she breathed.  "I'm glad we got that out of the way."
A few strands of her light red hair dangled in front of her eyes, and Arick brushed them aside gently as he looked into her eyes.  "I enjoyed that very much," he said.  "I hope that was just the first of many to come."
Sasha nodded.  "Yes, I hope so too."
She slumped against him and slid her arms around him, pressing her cheek into his chest.  She forced herself to laugh breathlessly.  "Thank you for being so good to me, Arick.  Thank you for being so understanding.  It means a lot."
He swept his hand up and down her back and kissed her forehead.  "Well, thank you for trusting me.  I know when we first met I was a little rough with you.  I'm glad you forgave me for that."
"That was just an act, wasn't it?  You were just pretending to be so tough and macho because you thought I might like it.  This is how you really are, I think."
"I'm a bit of both, actually."
"Sensitive on one side and tough on the other?"
"Well, one part of me in particular is pretty sensitive right now."
Sasha laughed gleefully and backed away.  "I'm afraid that part is going to have to stay sensitive for right now.  It took me all that time just to build up the courage to kiss you."
"It was definitely worth the wait."
Sasha sighed and became serious once more.  "Listen, I wanted to tell you something.  If you really want me to, I'll come with you to White Flame."
His eyes opened wide in surprise.  "Really?  You'll stay with me there?"
"Yes, I would like that."
"So would I."
"Good.  It's settled then."
Arick moved a bit closer, hesitated briefly, and then leaned in to kiss her again, more gently this time.  Their lips touched, and Sasha closed her eyes, feeling a surge of heat rush to her face.  She felt lightheaded again as Arick slowly pulled back, ending their kiss.
Is this what being in love feels like?  I'll have to be careful, or else I might learn to enjoy it.
She put her hands on Arick's chest and pushed herself away, as if some physical power was bringing them together and she had to force them to separate.
"Good night, Arick," she said as she let go.
"Good night," he replied, reaching up to touch her arm.
Sasha wandered back to her room, her legs weak and her mind racing.  Dravina gave her a sly grin and laughed to herself, but didn't say anything.  Sasha didn't think she was capable of having a conversation anyway, her thoughts just kept shifting back to Arick and her own amazement that she had really kissed him.  The whole thing seemed surreal and magical, like something out of a dream.
I don't believe it, she thought.  I really am in love with him.  How in the name of the Warden did that happen?
She changed for bed and crawled under the blankets, and as she drifted off to sleep, she wondered if she was going to dream about him too.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Sasha, Age 16

It was snowing hard, but there was no wind, so the flakes came straight down, blanketing the village in a sheet of white snow.  Sasha's breath billowed out in puffs of white as she took a moment to catch her breath.  More than a dozen people, her father's men, stood a few yards away, watching her intently.
In each hand, she held an axe, and their weight dragged her arms down like ship anchors, making her tired and her movements slow.  But after almost an entire year of training with a weapon in each hand, she was accustomed to their weight.  She couldn't remember if she had suggested using two axes or if her father had, but she dedicated herself to the more complex fighting style that wielding two weapons allowed.
One of the men watching her was an older Aushar named Uvane Cragwind, who everyone called One-Ear because he lost an ear during a battle in his youth, leaving a jagged scar down the side of his head.  He pursed his lips and nodded, his arms crossed over his chest.  "Let's see some defense," he suggested.
Orden nodded.  "All right, Sasha.  Go full defense this time."
"Yes, dad," she said.
He moved up on her like a mountain wolf sneaking up on a deer.  She instantly held her axes up at an angle to block his incoming strike, the metal clanging loudly in the otherwise silent air.  She let his sword push her back, carefully stepping backwards as he swung in again, blocking the sword with a wince as the impact sent a tremor up her arm.
She let her training take over, trying not to think about her movements, and letting the axes seem to move of their own volition.  Her father increased his speed, swinging the sword down again and again, from different directions, moving without any pattern at all, as if each attack was a completely random movement.  Sasha's axes swept smoothly through the air, effectively blocking each strike and deflecting each blow smoothly and efficiently.  Soon, their weapons seemed to sweep through the air like a peculiar dance, swishing through the falling snow and colliding off each other like the bang of a hammer on an anvil.
She continued moving backward, her feet guiding her around in a slow circle, not letting her father get around her or cut her off.  All the while, her axes swept left and right, swinging high and low, parrying and blocking each attack from her father.  He moved with an easy grace in contrast to his bulky form, his sword slipping and swerving like a snake made of steel, coming at her from all angles, trying to find an open spot in her defense.
He sped up again, rapidly whipping the sword at her, the repeated clanging impacts deafening in her ears.  Her arms moved without her even thinking about it, taking the punishment and moving in a blur despite the growing pain and weakness.  There was no pattern to her father's hurried attacks, but her axes blocked them all perfectly.
"You can stop.  We've seen enough," One-Ear said.
Orden backed away, slipping his sword into the scabbard at his hip with a quick movement.
Sasha fell to her knees, panting for breath, letting her arms hang limply at her sides.  A faint smile crossed her lips, and despite her weariness, she felt a kind of elation.
Old man Dosko laughed in a wheezy voice, his cloudy eye covered in a patch now, his other eye seeming to glow a fierce red.  "Not bad, little girl.  You're still no match for an old man like me, but you've done pretty well just the same."
"She's still young," Orden said, glancing down at her.  "But she shows promise."
"That she does," One-Ear agreed.
The others conveyed similar opinions, and Sasha sat in the snow, regaining some feeling in her arms while they discussed her skill.  She gripped the axe handles so tightly that her hands cramped up, so she flexed her fingers, wincing in pain a bit.
"How well would she do against a Legion soldier, though?" Kashus Stoneward said gloomily.  "Going through the motions is one thing, but she's not strong enough to face someone for real, and she won't be even when she's an adult."  He stood in the back of the group, his thumbs hooked into his belt, his arms bare despite the cold.  
"Give it a rest, Kashus," One-Ear said, giving her a positive grin.  "She'll do just fine in a few years, if she keeps up her training."
"I agree," a man named Ebron Wintercall said, nodding.  Like One-Ear and Kashus, he was one of her father's trusted men, his closest advisers.
Another, Drakus Windrunner, also agreed.  "She's got skills, Orden.  She'll make a fine raider.  I could take her down to the Heights and give her some experience, if she's willing."
She looked quickly up at Orden, but he was already shaking his head.  "No, not yet.  She's still too young, and she hasn't grown into her weapons."
"You don't see many folks swinging two axes around," old man Dosko chuckled, fiddling with his pipe and patting his pockets for some smoking weed.  "They'd be surprised to see someone like her coming at them, that's for sure."
Kashus Stoneward grumbled and turned way.  "She's your child, Orden.  You can train her all you want.  But I think it's a bad idea."
"Your opinion is noted," Orden said.
One-Ear came over to her and extended a hand.  She took it gratefully and he pulled her to her feet.  He offered to carry her weapons, and she handed them over, her arms aching.
"I think you might be even better than I was at your age," he said confidentially.  "You should be proud of yourself, Sasha.  You did very well."
She beamed with happiness at his praise, since she rarely got positive feedback from anyone other than her father.  That was the reason that they all came to witness her demonstration today, so they could all see for themselves how her training was going.  To hear one of her father's close friends giving her praise felt wonderful, and the aches in her arms and hands seemed to fade.
"Thank you," she said, almost blushing.
"Let's get something to eat," Orden said as they began to walk back toward the village, which was just over the next hill.  "We have lots to talk about tonight."
"Can I come along too, dad?"
Orden smiled and put his arm around her.  "You want to stay and listen to our meeting?"
"Yeah, I really do."
One-Ear said, "Don't you have better things to do then sit around a listen to a bunch of old men talk?  Isn't there some lucky boy in the village you'd rather spend the evening with?"
That time she did blush, and she shook her head with a lopsided smile on her face, feeling embarrassed.  "No, there aren't any ? I mean, I don't have anyone like that."
One-Ear raised an eyebrow in surprise.  "Well, now that is a shame."
"We're not here to discuss my daughter's love life," Orden laughed, giving her arm a supportive squeeze.  "So let's stop embarrassing the poor girl."
It wasn't uncommon for girls her age to get engaged to be married, or even to be pregnant by now.  At the very least, Sasha felt she should be spending more time with boys in the hopes of finding one she might want to marry.  But so far, she spent little effort trying to attract any of the boys in the village, although she didn't think the boys weren't interested just the same.  At least three boys in the village had their eye on her, she knew.
One of them was her childhood friend Kovan, who was a year older and already growing up tall and strong, although she didn't find him very handsome, and he tended to drink more mead than she thought was healthy.  Her other friend Harlan left the year before to follow his uncle to another village near the mountains to become a trapper, so Sasha didn't see him anymore.  If he had stayed in the village, she might have married him, she liked to think, even though Harlan's mother still hated her for being half-Verdan.
But the truth was that she wasn't all that interested in being married or being in a relationship at all.  She never came right out and said it to anyone, because she knew it was a strange way to feel, but she had worked hard to prove herself as a fighter over the past couple years, and spending time with boys would have interfered with her training.  Getting engaged, or even worse, getting pregnant, would have probably ended her dream of becoming a real warrior with her father, and she wasn't going to let that happen.  She could get married later, when she was a bit older.  She was only sixteen, after all.  She had plenty of time.
Back in the village, everyone sat around one of the fire pits and joked and told stories as they ate dinner.  The sun went down early and soon it grew dark outside, and the fire was built up to a roaring bonfire, casting them all in a flickering orange light.  Sasha didn't say much, but she had a mug of spiced mead that sent a pleasant warmth down into her bones, and she sat back to listen to her father and his men trade stories and talk about politics.
"Blackmane's health is failing," One-Ear said seriously.  "When he goes, the entire Council is going to pounce on the throne and fight over it like a pack of hungry wolves."
"Good riddance to him," one of the others grunted, stuffing a chunk of smoking meat into his mouth.  Sasha didn't know his name.  "The old man is worse than useless."
Kashus Stoneward stood near the fire, staring into the flames.  "He may be a stupid and useless old man, but as long as he sits on the throne, there's some hope that we can make a change for the better.  Once he dies, everything will be thrown into chaos."
"Maybe we need a little chaos," the other man said.  
"No, what we need is someone in White Flame who gives a damn about saving our homeland from the thieves in Verdana," One-Ear said, taking a drink from his mug.  "I really wish Shav Wolfbreaker had stayed in the Council.  He was one of the good ones."
"A good man, perhaps," Kashus said.  "But a poor administrator and a poor politician."
"A good politician is an oxymoron," old man Dosko said from the back, to some polite laughter.
"A good administrator can get things done," Kashus said, ignoring him.  "And good politician would actually follow the will of the people.  The Warden knows we need someone like that."
"Agreed," Orden said.
Sasha listened to them talk for a little while longer, as the sky grew black and the cold truly set in, snow falling steadily the whole time.  She liked to see how her father and his men discussed the political situation and how their opinions differed, what each of them thought was the best course of action.  It was interesting for her to see the subtle differences in their political beliefs, and how they worked to compromise their individual goals.  All of it was still a bit over her head, since she didn't have their knowledge of the situation, and had very little real knowledge of White Flame and the Council of Chiefs.
"When the time comes, we'll have to strike," her father said, repeating something he said often.  "We won't have the luxury of choosing the time and place.  It will be sudden and we won't have lots of time to plan."
"We can't just jump in to this," Kashus argued.  Of all the men in the group, he seemed to be the one who advised caution and restraint most often.  "We have to wait until the time is right.  Revolution is not something done on a whim."
"That's what a revolution is," One-Ear argued back.  "It's unpredictable and it's out of our control, we just have to follow it to the end.  That's all we can do."
Kashus was intense, the flames reflecting brightly in his eyes.  "If we don't take control of it, then anything we try to accomplish will be blown to the winds.  What's the point of fighting if all our efforts will be wasted on having some other tyrant sitting on the throne?"
"What you're talking about isn't a revolution," Orden said.  "It's a coup."
"Don't kid yourself, Orden.  A military coup is exactly what we're going for here."
As the evening progressed, a few of the men announced they were heading off to bed.  The fire was dying out, sputtering and crackling softly, and Sasha saw that old man Dosko was already asleep, curled up against the side of a house.  One-Ear had already left, but her father and Kashus were still awake, although they stopped talking about politics as the night wore on.  They and a few others were telling stories from their youth.  Sasha had already heard some of the stories before, so she got up and stretched tiredly.
She woke up old man Dosko and helped him up so he could sleep in his own bed.  Beyond the heat and light of the fire, it was bone-chillingly cold and utterly dark.  Navigating the village was easy, even in complete darkness, but Sasha walked with Dosko until they reached his small house near the front of the village.  Dosko lived alone, since his wife had passed away years before and his children had moved on to other villages.
"Thank you much, little girl," he said as he pushed aside the furs hanging in front of his door.
"I'm not a little girl anymore," Sasha said with a smile.
"Oh, yes you are.  But not for much longer, I'll admit.  I guess I'll just have to call you 'young woman' from now on, won't I?"
"Good night, Dosko," she said as she helped him inside.
"The Warden keep you safe, dear."
She walked through the dark village, the wind blowing through her hair and giving her a slight chill.  She summoned a Charm to keep the cold at bay for a bit longer, and looked up into the black sky, although she could not see the tiny points of light scattered across it because of the clouds.
Some Aushar said that the stars were actually enormous mountains of bright white ice floating distantly in the void of the heavens, known as the Halls of Ice, where the Warden brought the souls of the departed to spend eternity.  Sasha didn't know if she really believed that, even though she prayed to the Ice Warden on a regular basis.
But she gazed up and wondered if her mother was there in the Halls of Ice, maybe even looking down on her.  She knew very little about her mother, except what Orden told her.  And when spoke of her, he only spoke of the good things, the positive side, the happy memories.  If Orden's description was to be believed, Orshana Snowfire was nothing less than a shining beacon of purity and goodness.  Sasha knew that wasn't the truth, and that Orden was simply unable to speak badly of his sister all these years after her death.  Orden had an almost obsessive devotion to his sister's memory, so Sasha didn't press him for details.
It didn't really matter, she knew.  But she looked up to the sky just the same, and wondered to herself,  Are you there, mother?  Do you approve of this life I have chosen for myself?  Would you have raised me differently?  Are you proud of me?
But no answer was forthcoming.  Even if her mother knew of her thoughts, she couldn't respond.  The Warden wasn't the kind of deity to speak directly to those who worshiped him, and the souls that walked the Halls of Ice could not communicate with the living.
Sasha's mind drifted from her mother to her biological father, the man whose identity was a mystery and whose name she would never know.  When she first learned the truth about her birth, she was devastated, but in time she developed a detached indifference to it.  She wouldn't let the violent and brutal circumstances of her mother's pregnancy dictate her life.  She learned that from Orden.  Despite the pain and rage he felt, he treated Sasha, his adopted daughter, with nothing but love and kindness.
What are you doing right now, my true father? she thought vaguely.  Violating another innocent woman?  Maybe murdering someone or committing some other cruelty?  Do you even know about the child you had with my mother?  Or do you care?  I doubt it.
But know this.  If the two of us ever meet face to face, I will kill you.
She found her house and ducked inside, shivering a bit and brushing snow from her shoulders.  In her tiny bedroom, she undressed in the darkness and put on some dry clothes to sleep in.  As she crawled into bed, she heard the door open again, and the sound of someone tapping snow from their boots.  She sat up in bed, knowing by the sound that it wasn't her father.
The door to her bedroom creaked open just a crack and she could just make out a shadow on the other side of the door.
"Oh, you are still awake," came the voice of Kashus Stoneward.  "Good, I was hoping you hadn't gone to sleep yet."
"What do you want?" she asked.  "Where's my father?"
"He'll be here in a minute.  Don't worry, I'm not staying here tonight, I'm staying with Uvane."
"Oh, well what do you want?"  
Kashus sighed.  "I wanted to tell you that you did well today.  I know Orden's a good trainer, but I'd have to be blind not to see that you have natural skill.  I don't doubt that in a few years, you'll be good enough to take on just about anyone.  I wanted to tell you personally."
Sasha was stunned to hear such praise from Kashus.  He rarely had anything positive to say about anything or anyone, and he rarely talked to Sasha in the first place.  Perhaps that's why he waited until now to tell her.  He didn't want to say it in front of everyone.
"Well, thank ? thank you," Sasha stammered.
"But listen," Kashus said.  "I'm going to give you a piece of advice.  If you were smart, you would give up this dream of becoming a warrior like the rest of us.  You're still young, you have your entire life in front of you.  The road we've chosen is not an easy one, and it usually ends in tragedy.  I  hate to see someone so young get caught up in this kind of life."
"My father tried to talk me out of it," Sasha said coolly.  "And I didn't listen to him, so don't take offense if I don't listen to you either."
"I know," Kashus said.  "But I'll tell you one more thing.  You heard us talking about revolution and rebellion out there tonight.  It's going to happen, probably much sooner than we want it to.  And when it does, people are going to die.  It won't be some grand, noble adventure like you hear about in stories.  It will be bloody and miserable, that I can promise you.  And not all of us will survive it."
"I know that.  I'm not naive."
"I didn't say you were.  But you're still young, far too young to die in a cause like this.  I'm willing to die for our freedom, but I'm an old man and I have no family.  Orden is willing to die too, as are the rest of us.  But you're too young to make that choice."
"That's your opinion.  I have just as much right to fight as you do."
"Maybe.  But think about your father.  What do you think would happen to him if you joined in this rebellion and were killed because of it?  It would destroy him."
Sasha did not know what to say to that, so she mustered up some courage and said, "That's not going to happen.  But thank you for your concern."
"Just think about what I've told you," Kashus said.
"I will," Sasha replied.
"Good night, then," he said, letting the door close.
"Good night."
She remained sitting up in bed for a few moments.  Kashus left the house, and a few minutes later, she heard Orden come inside.  Sasha finally laid back down, staring up at the dark ceiling of her small bedroom.
She wondered why Kashus chose to speak to her.  If he wanted to convince her to give up her dreams, why start off by praising her skill at fighting?  And did he really think that she hadn't already considered the consequences of her actions?  Part of her wanted to be angry at him for not minding his own business, but deep down she sensed the utter sincerity in his words.  Whatever his reasons, he truly seemed to want what was best.  For Orden's sake as well as her own.  Maybe she should give him the benefit of the doubt.
Eventually, she drifted off to sleep.  The next thing she knew, it was morning, and tiny slivers of light shone through the cracks in her bedroom door.  She yawned and shrugged off her covers, then crawled out of bed and got dressed.  Her father was already out of the house, so she made a quick trip to the privy and then headed outside in the hopes that someone was cooking some breakfast she could share.
It was still snowing, and the sky was a hazy, swirling white.  As she walked out her door, she could tell right away that something was happening in the village.  There were surprised voices up ahead, and the sound of horses.  There were no horses in the village, so that meant messengers.  Only truly important messengers ever traveled to the far villages by horse, usually they traveled by dog sled like everyone else.
Sasha walked quickly and then broke into a run as more people emerged from their houses to see what was going on.  She made her way to the front of the village, where she could see three large horses milling about, two of them with riders sitting upright in the saddles.  
The third rider, a young man with blazing red hair and a blue sash draped over his black fur coat, was standing in the middle of a small crowd of people.  He was talking, but Sasha couldn't hear what he was saying.  She spied her father there, as well as Kashus and One-Ear and the others.
Her father turned away, his face pinched in anger.  Some others raised their voices, and more people filed out into the clearing to hear what the rider was saying.
Kashus spoke loudly and gestured toward the growing crowd.  "You might as well tell everyone," he said, his voice impatient and angry.  "It won't stay a secret for very long anyway."
"Damn it all," One-Ear was saying to himself, shaking his head.
The rider looked around uncertainly at the other two riders, but they just shrugged their shoulders helplessly and offered no advice.
"Okay," the rider said.  "Listen everyone!  I have some dire news from White Flame."
Somehow, Sasha knew what he was going to say before the words left his mouth.  There was only one thing that a rider from White Flame would come all the way here to tell her father.
"King Robern Blackmane is dead!"
Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Return of Dragonwind

Sasha woke early, as usual, and sat up in the darkness, rubbing her eyes.  She scooted backward so she could lean against the wall, and debated lying back down and trying to get some more sleep.  But now that she was awake, she felt ready to get up, and sighed as she swung her legs off the bed.
If she had any dreams during the night, she didn't remember them, but whatever ideas coursed through her sleeping mind had done their work.  She felt like a new person, and actively looked forward to seeing Arick today.  Her nervousness and indecision the night before seemed like a hazy memory.
She dressed in the darkness and snuck out of the room.  Poking her heads into the other rooms, she saw people sleeping soundly and wondered if she was the only person awake.  When she reached the room where Arick slept, she saw his form curled up under the blankets, fast asleep.  She was tempted to wake him up just for fun, but decided against it.
Outside, the air was cold and clear, and for once it wasn't snowing.  The sky was still dark, with just the tiniest bit of morning light creeping over the mountains.  The burning fires in the four corners towers flickered and wavered lazily.  Sasha blew out a cloud of white breath and walked across the yard, her feet sinking into the few inches of snow on the ground.
It was so quiet she could just faintly hear the humming of wind blowing down the road.  Except for that, the early morning was completely silent.  Sasha stood in the center of the yard and just looked around, feeling as if the entire world had stopped just for her.
Something moved on the corner of her vision and drew her attention up to one of the corner towers.  She glimpsed a dark shape pass in front of the flames and guessed it was the guard on duty simply walking around the fire.  But as she watched, she suddenly saw two more bodies appear seemingly out of nowhere.  When they stood on the other side of the fire, Sasha saw them clearly and it took her several strange moments to realize that she didn't recognize them.
They were Aushar men, their red hair shining brightly in the light of the fire.  But they weren't men from her caravan, and they certainly weren't guards since they didn't wear Verdan uniforms.  They just appeared in front of the fire, even though she hadn't seen them come from anywhere.
Almost as if they had ?
Suddenly a loud cry erupted across the yard, so unexpected in the calm silence that Sasha flinched in fear as the cry echoed into nothingness.  She knew that sound.  It was the strangled scream of a dying man, and it froze the blood in her veins.
Her body seemed to move almost by itself.  She bolted across the yard, kicking up snow from her heels.  Suddenly there were more screams and shouts of surprise, and more bodies began to appear out of nowhere at the top of the walls, swinging over the top and landing deftly on the walkway, dressed in heavy furs, red hair glinting, their hands full of swords and axes.
"Alarm!" someone screamed.  "Alarm!  We're under attack!"
The shock of seeing her people swarm over the walls lasted only for a moment.  Sasha hit the stairs and rushed to the top of the wall overlooking the road.  Before she even got there she saw a mass of Aushar scaling the wall and converging on the corner towers, cutting down the fort guards ruthlessly.  
Keesa's on duty this morning! her mind flashed. 
The Aushar warriors descended down to the yard, more than twenty of them, and they swept across as fort guards began to emerge from the cave entrance, swords drawn and shouting for more help.  Suddenly the entire yard was full of the sounds of battle, as the attacking Aushar collided with the outnumbered guards.  There was the familiar clang of blades and the cries of the dying.  
Sasha knew she couldn't help them.  She had no desire to see the Verdan soldiers killed; she had no quarrel with them, but there was simply nothing she could do.  The invading Aushar warriors barely spared a glance in her direction as they poured over the wall.  She wasn't armed and she had red hair, so she was not their target.  She simply ducked out of the way as they ran past.
She got up and ran for the narrow bridge that spanned the road above the huge gate.  It led to a smaller guard tower on the other side of the road.  Even as Sasha reached the bridge, she saw a Verdan guard running across the bridge in her direction, sword in hand.  It was Keesa, the dark face underneath her helmet giving her away.  Behind her at the guard tower, three Aushar warriors climbed the wall and were now racing after her.
Sasha waved her arms frantically and shouted, "Behind you!  Keesa, they're behind you!"
Keesa spun and saw her pursuers coming at her, and she braced herself, swinging her blade left and right in preparation for a fight, just as Sasha saw her do in practice.  But this time it was no training session, and she faced three opponents.  The Aushar advanced on her confidently, one of them laughing as he chopped his axe downward in a threatening manner.
"No!" Sasha cried.  "Don't!"
The Aushar warriors stopped momentarily, looking confused and wondering why there was an Aushar woman coming at them.  Keesa spun back around and aimed her sword at Sasha defensively, trying to keep everyone in her sight.
"Don't come any closer, Orshana!" she warned.
"I didn't know about this!" Sasha replied desperately, holding her hands out to show she wasn't armed.  "I had no idea, I swear to you!"
"How can I believe you?"
"Please, just lay your sword down!  You can't fight all of them, they'll kill you!"
Keesa seemed to look past Sasha, her eyes glancing across the fort.  The other guards were surely dead by now, their screams having died out, and more Aushar were on the wall, half a dozen of them coming up behind Sasha.  Keesa turned to see the other three Aushar advancing slowly on her.
"I swear I didn't know about this," Sasha said again.  "But if you surrender, I promise they won't hurt you.  Don't throw your life away."
"I'm not stupid," Keesa muttered, shaking her head.  She looked sadly at the sword in her hand, and then flipped it up over the railing and tossed it down to the road below.  Then she went to her knees and lifted her hands above her head.
The Aushar approached and Sasha shouted at them, "She's not armed, don't you dare hurt her!"
"Relax, girl," came a familiar voice behind her.
She turned to see none other than Farakas Dragonwind walking towards her, his sword stained with blood.  A few drops were spattered on the front of his black leather armor.  He gestured to the others and they grabbed Keesa and hauled her to her feet.
"Take her down to the cave with the other prisoners," he said gruffly.  "Take her armor and make sure she doesn't have any weapons on her."
"Yes, sir," one of the Aushar said as they walked off.
Keesa glared at them and cast one suspicious glance at Sasha as she was taken away.  Sasha sighed loudly and leaned against the railing, shaking her head.  She pressed her hands into her face and then pushed her hair back out of her eyes.  Dragonwind eyed her carefully and the other Aushar headed back to the fort.  She heard hollering and shouts of victory now instead of the screams of the dying, and she sighed again as she looked at Dragonwind.  The others walked away, leaving the two of them alone in the middle of the bridge.
"I guess I shouldn't be surprised to see you out here," Dragonwind said, wiping his sword in the snow and returning it to his scabbard.  "You always seem to show up when something important is going to happen."
"I can't believe this," she muttered.  "I don't even know what to say.  How long have you been planning this?"
"Ever since the moment Riverstorm died," Dragonwind said matter-of-factly.
"That's why you were in such a hurry to leave here."
He nodded.  "We were only supposed to stay here for one day.  Just long enough to get an idea about the fort's defenses and help plan the attack.  But the storm delayed us getting here, and we were already two days late when we left."
"Did anyone else know about it?"
"Just me and my men.  Don't worry, Arick didn't know about it.  Even Garven's son Luther didn't know."
"I'm not sure how I feel about this," she admitted, staring at him.
"I don't really care how you feel about it.  It's already done," he said as he turned to walk away.  
Sasha crossed her arms and shivered against the freezing wind.  Dragonwind headed back to the fort and Sasha followed him grudgingly, her emotions twisting inside her.  The whole attack was over so fast that she didn't even have time to think about what was happening.  A few minutes was all it took to overcome the guards, the attack was so swift and unexpected.  She felt dazed at how quickly it all happened.
She tried to put it together in her mind.  Did Dragonwind really intend to attack the fort ever since she joined up with their caravan?  It all seemed too incredible for her to understand.  If Dragonwind was to be believed, if it wasn't for the snowstorm they would have traveled straight to Long Hearth, and then what?  Met up with an invading army of Aushar soldiers planning an assault on Fort Wardenhall?  Sasha couldn't even contemplate it.
This attack was nothing less than an outright declaration of war with Verdana.  The possible consequences made her head spin.  What did Dragonwind hope to accomplish by attacking the fort?  And what was going to happen now?
She crossed the bridge and looked down into the yard to see smears of red staining the white snow everywhere.  There were a few dead bodies scattered around, and Sasha looked away, feeling foolish and guilty, as if she had somehow taken part in their deaths.
She was no stranger to death.  She had killed men before.  But even if the Verdan guards were not her friends, they weren't really her enemies either.  Instead of feeling happiness at the thought of her people striking a devastating blow against the Emperor's Legion, she only felt disappointment that it had to come to this.
Dragonwind seemed to read her mind, not that it was hard to see what she was thinking.  "This doesn't bother you, now does it?  You're a smart girl, you knew this was bound to happen sooner or later.  You've heard the same gossip as everyone else.  Once Riverstorm died, it was only a matter of time before we rose up against them."
"I know," Sasha said.  "I just didn't expect it like this."
Dragonwind stomped down the steps to the yard below.  "I thought that you, of all people, would have been looking forward to it."
"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked him as he walked away, but he didn't respond.  
She waited at the top of the wall for a few more moments and saw as some of the other people from her caravan emerged from the visitors' quarters.  There was Alaster, hugging a blanket around himself, staring around in disbelief, with Polla peeking over his shoulder from the doorway.  Darl was there as well, standing out in the yard, staring at the bloody snow with a look of shock on his face.
And there was Arick, running over to Dragonwind to talk to him.  He was smiling, excited, and Sasha guessed that she couldn't blame him for feeling that way.  Maybe if she hadn't been awake to actually witness the attack, she'd be excited about it too.
Arick gestured back toward the visitor building and said something Sasha couldn't hear.  Dragonwind seemed to laugh, although Sasha didn't think that was even possible, and then he hooked his thumb in her direction and walked off.  Arick looked up and saw her standing there at the top of the wall, and she gave him a little wave to let him know she was okay.  She descended the steps as he ran over to her.
"Orshana!  Are you all right?"
"I'm fine, Arick."
"Did you know this was going to happen?  Why are you awake so early?"
She chuckled humorlessly.  "A coincidence, I guess.  I woke up and came outside right as the attack started."
"I can't believe they planned all of this and none of us knew about it," Arick said, shaking his head with a clumsy smile.  "I feel like an idiot for not realizing what they were up to."
"Yeah, me too," Sasha agreed as they walked together into the yard.
A few of the Aushar soldiers ran over to the rear gate and began to pull it open.  Outside, even more Aushar soldiers were outside, waiting to be let in.  Sasha couldn't even count how many people were now running around, there had to be at least sixty Aushar in total, more men then in the entire caravan put together.  Considering how few Verdans were on guard duty and how little they anticipated any kind of attack, it didn't surprise her how easily they were overcome.
"This is it," Arick laughed, his voice giddy.  "This is the day that we declared our independence again, and you and I were right here to witness it!  How amazing is that?" He took her hands in his and looked warmly at her.  "And years from now, we can tell our children all about it."
Sasha smiled but she didn't have the energy to laugh, and she gently pushed him off.  "Let's not get ahead of ourselves," she said playfully.  "I gave you a kiss last night, but that doesn't mean I want to start having kids with you."
As the gate opened, the men outside started filing inside.  Sasha glanced at the group of Aushar and then her eyes seemed to focus on the man in front.  Dragonwind headed over to the group to speak to him, and the man pointed at the others, giving orders and directions.
Arick said something else, but Sasha didn't hear him.  The world went strangely silent in her ears as she stared blankly at the man talking to Dragonwind.  He was tall and imposing, but the lines on his face and streaks of gray in his hair marked him as older than the others.  He wore a black fur jacket and black pants, and an unused sword hung from his belt.  He sported a red mustache but a shaved chin and cheeks, and the mustache drooped down the sides of his mouth, giving him a perpetual frown.  His long hair was tied in a ponytail.
His voice didn't carry far, so Sasha couldn't hear him, but she didn't have to.  She had heard his voice many times before, and it was burned into her memory.  He didn't look exactly the same as he looked the last time she laid her eyes on him, but that had been more than seven years ago.
It was Kashus Stoneward.  The man who betrayed them.
Sasha took one step, then another, and then she was running, kicking up snow, her ears ringing with the sound of a scream that she only vaguely realized was coming from her own mouth.  Her face was burning, her eyes blazed with a fury like she had never known.  
She caught movement from the corners of her eyes, but the people around her moved in slow motion.  She had no weapon to strike the betrayer down, but she could use her hands to strangle the life out of him if she had to.  The world stretched out like a blur, and there were sounds, other shouts, but the only thing she could see was the man who betrayed her father so long ago.
Kashus was just standing there.  He turned at the sound of Sasha's scream, and suddenly his eyes went wide, either in surprise or in fear, Sasha didn't care.  Their eyes met, and Sasha felt as if their shared gaze was a bolt of lightning.  Kashus was frozen in place, he didn't even bother to reach for his sword, and Sasha lunged at him, her hands aimed for his throat.
Something struck her and she went flying, and she screamed as she hit the ground, trying to punch and claw at the strong arms holding her down.  But they grabbed hold of her arms and pulled her down, and she fought and struggled like a mad woman.  It took three of them to restrain her, one grabbing each arm and the other holding her tightly from behind.  She thrashed and kicked, her hair whipping back and forth like flames in the wind.
"Orshana!" someone shouted.  There was a face in front of her, two hands grabbing her shoulders and trying to force her to look.
"What's going on?" Arick asked her desperately.  "What's the matter with you?  Orshana!  Why are you doing this?"
"Let me go!" she screamed.  "I'll kill him!  Let me go!"
"What are you talking about?" Arick asked in utter confusion.
"Kashus!" she shrieked uncontrollably.  "You betrayer!  I'll kill you!  I'll kill you!"
The pain swelled inside her, as if someone poured burning coals into her chest, and her legs buckled.  She slumped down, gasping for breath, closing her eyes tightly to stop the tears from coming, even as they rolled down her cheeks.  She went limp, the strength to fight ebbing away, the pain and regret taking its place, pressing down on her.
She opened her eyes and pulled weakly at the men holding her arms, but they held her in an iron grip, even though they looked just as confused as Arick did.  Everyone stared at her and no one seemed able to speak.  They just stood around in shock, like statues placed around the inner yard of the fort.
"Orshana?" Arick whispered.  "Please tell me what's going on."
But Kashus answered for her.  He stepped forward, brushing aside his guards when they tried to hold him back.
"I don't believe it," he said, his voice low.  "I'm looking right at you and I don't even believe it.  What, in the name of the Warden, could have brought you to this place at this exact time?  It almost makes me want to believe in fate."
"You traitor, you oathbreaker," Sasha hissed through clenched teeth, her voice weak.  "You have no right to be here.  I swear I'm going to kill you, if it's the last thing I ever do."
"Orshana," Arick said again, his face distraught.  "Why ? ?"
Kashus glanced at him and then looked questioningly back at Sasha.  "Orshana?  If I remember correctly, that was your mother's name."
There was a long, tense silence, as Arick looked back and forth between them, completely baffled.  Dragonwind and a few others came closer to hear what was being said, their faces passive.  Their brief celebration was over now, halted while Kashus and Sasha stared each other down.
"They don't know who you are, do they?" Kashus asked finally.  "But of course they don't.  Someone would have told me that you were here.  You must have used a fake name when you were in Verdana.  You were planning to tell them eventually, weren't you?"
Sasha only stared at him, her eyes blazing with hatred.  
"What's he talking about?" Arick asked her.  He stepped right up to her, demanding answers.  "What's he talking about?  If Orshana isn't your name, then what is it?"
Dragonwind came up behind him and put his hand on his shoulder.  Arick tried to shrug him off, but Dragonwind held firm and pulled him back a few steps.  Dragonwind looked at Sasha, his face expressionless, like it always was.  But there was a flicker of something in his eyes.
"I'm sorry, Arick," Dragonwind said.  "I had my suspicions about her from the start, but I kept them to myself.  Turns out I was right."
Kashus said, "You suspected who she was?"
"I did," Dragonwind said with a nod.  "But I didn't have proof, until now of course."
"Can someone tell me the truth?" Arick demanded.
"Her name is Sasha," Kashus said.  He looked her in the eye and then gave her a little smile.  "Sasha Snowfire.  She's Orden Snowfire's daughter."
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Back in a Prison Cell

The main floor of the fort office had two small holding cells in the back.  The one they put Sasha into was even smaller than her old cell at Dandrakan Prison.  There was no bed, just a wooden bench and a chamber pot in the corner.  The three guards Kashus sent with her locked the cell door and walked away, leaving her alone.
She jumped at the bars and rattled them for good measure, but they were solid and immovable.  She fought the urge to shout and cry out, but instead turned around and kicked at the wall to let off her fury and wear herself out.
Just another few steps and I would have had him!  He was almost within my reach!  I shouldn't have raised my voice like that, I should have been more careful!  I could have picked up a sword and gone right up to him!  I could have stuck it right in his ribs and no one would have tried to stop me until it was too late!
But the sight of Kashus overwhelmed her.  She couldn't believe he was there, just as Kashus couldn't believe that Sasha was.  What were the odds that Kashus would plan his assault on the fort while Sasha was staying there?  It was an almost supernatural coincidence, an impossible coincidence.  When she saw him, she just snapped.  
She fell onto the bench and buried her face in her hands, trying to comprehend what was going on.  It felt like the world was spinning around her.  Kashus' reappearance threw her entire life into a whirlwind.  Somehow, she had almost forgotten about him, about his betrayal, about his complicity in her father's death.  She had forgotten he even existed.
The Warden brought me here, the Warden was watching over me, she thought.  I should have drowned in the hurricane.  I should have died.  But the Warden watched over me the whole time.  I have to believe that.  He helped me escape from the prison, he brought me to Arawend, he was guiding me every step of the way.
If she hadn't met Arick that day in the Wolf's Head Tavern, she would never have joined up with Dragonwind's caravan.  The other caravans were all heading west, but Dragonwind chose to go north along the Hale Road.  Sasha joined up with the only caravan that could have taken her to the fort.  And then the unnatural blizzard prevented them from leaving.  It felt like a hundred brief coincidences had lined up perfectly to bring her to this moment.
Did you send the snowstorm as well? she asked the Warden silently.  Did you bring me here for this reason?  Was I sent here to meet up with Kashus?
She raised her head and opened her eyes, her mind racing.  Resting her hands in her lap, she leaned back and slouched against the wall.  
Did you send me here to punish him for what he did?  Am I supposed to kill him?  If that's what you wanted me to do, then I failed.  I pray that you give me strength and help me understand what I should do.  I am your loyal servant always.
Her thoughts were interrupted when the door banged open.  Sasha remained still as several figures appeared in the hallway and stopped in front of her cell.
The years had not been kind to Kashus.  He looked as if twenty years had passed instead of just seven.  Thinner and more gaunt, with dark lines under his eyes and his hair going gray, he looked like a man cursed with a hard life.  But he still maintained his imposing physique, although he didn't look like he was up to a fight.
He studied her for a moment, and then gave her a frustrated sigh.  He seemed at a loss for words, and simply waited for her to speak.  Accompanying him were Farakas Dragonwind,  Garven Silverhorn, and two other Aushar men she didn't recognize.
She stared at the wall and sighed.  "So what are you going to do with me?"
"That's a good question," Kashus said.  "If I let you out of this cage, are you going to try to kill me the first chance you get?"
"I might," she said, looking down.
Kashus walked up to the bars and absently scratched at his cheek.  "Under the circumstances, I won't hold it against you.  You have a right to hate me, I understand that."
"You betrayed us," she snapped, glaring at him.
He nodded.  "I did what was necessary."
"Necessary?" she said disbelievingly.  She tensed up and then jumped at the bars, grabbing them and shaking so hard the bolts in the ceiling rattled.  "Necessary!  You lied to us!  You betrayed us!  You swore your sword to my father and you broke your vow!" she screamed.
Kashus leaned back as she spat her fury at him.  "And they killed him!" she screamed.  "They killed him!  And you made it happen!"
Dragonwind grimaced and went to reach for her, but Kashus motioned for him to step back.  "It's okay, if she wanted to grab me, she could have.  She doesn't have a weapon.  She knows she can't hurt me."
"What good would it do?" Sasha muttered, letting go of the bars and turning her back on him and returning to the other side of the small cell.  "If the others are following you then it doesn't even matter anymore."
"They are following me," Kashus agreed.  "That should tell you something."
"Why?" she demanded from Dragonwind.  "Why are you supporting him?  How can you?  He already betrayed Aushara once before, and he'll do it again!"
"Listen, girl," Dragonwind growled, pointing at her.  "Don't you raise your voice at me, or I'll keep you in that cell until you rot, you understand me?"
"Calm down," Kashus ordered.  "There's no point in making idle threats.  We both know we can't keep her locked up.  Besides, we'll need her sword before this is all over."
"I'll give you my sword, right between your ribs."
"That's enough from you!" Dragonwind snapped.
"Stop it!" Kashus bellowed, and Dragonwind backed away, immediately cowed.
 In the tense silence afterward, Garven Silverhorn cleared his throat awkwardly and said, "Maybe you should just tell her what happened, sir.  If I understand it, she was in prison for awhile, so she probably doesn't know the whole truth."
"What truth?" Sasha asked suspiciously.
Kashus nodded to himself and regained his composure.  "The truth, Sasha, is that your father's rebellion was going to fail whether or not I had betrayed him.  The Legion had a secondary force of almost two-thousand men in reserve.  Even if we could have beaten the main force, and that wasn't very likely, then the reserve force would have slaughtered us.  We were going to be defeated no matter what, so I did the only thing I could do.  I joined with the Legion, and I let them send their cavalry behind our lines.  It was not a decision I took lightly."
"And how much did they pay you for your loyalty?" Sasha spat.
"Nothing," Kashus said calmly.  "The only thing I asked was that they let the prisoners go after it was all over."
"You're lying."
"I'm not," he said, shaking his head regretfully.  "Olrian Helmbreaker is not the sort of man who takes prisoners.  He would have shown no mercy, and once he sent in his reserves, they would have killed every last person they found.  They would have tracked us down and killed every last one of us, Sasha.  It might have taken them years, but they would have done it."
He paused thoughtfully and continued, his voice strained.  "And they wouldn't have stopped at just those of us who took part in the battle.  They would have killed our families, anyone who they thought was helping us, anyone they even suspected of a crime would have been eliminated.  You think the Emperor's Delegation is bad now?  You can't even imagine what it would have been like if Helmbreaker had still been hunting us down."
"So you betrayed us?" Sasha said incredulously.  "They still killed my father and threw the rest of us into prison!  What did you accomplish?"
"I saved the lives of three hundred people," he said matter-of-factly.  "I wish I could have saved more.  But more importantly, as far as Helmbreaker and Thorun Riverstorm were concerned, the rebellion was over.  There was no need for them to send their army into Aushara to hunt us down, because they had all of us right there.  It wasn't the perfect solution, but it bought us time."
"What are you talking about?"
"Do you remember, when you were still a child, how your father and I argued about the revolution we wanted to bring about?  I always told him that we had to plan ahead, and strike at the right time.  But he never listened to me."
"I remember."
"Do you see what I was talking about?  Orden could have waited to launch his rebellion, and we might have been successful.  But when the Council dissolved and Verdana came into take over our government, he started the rebellion even though he knew we weren't strong enough yet.  He might have been an expert at hand-to-hand combat, but your father was not a military strategist.  We should have held back and waited for the right time to strike, but instead he launched an attack that we were not able to win."
"You don't know that," Sasha said.  "We might have won the battle.  We were winning when you betrayed us."
"I'm sorry, Sasha, but we would have lost anyway, and it would have been ten times worse for us in the end.  I had a choice to make.  Follow your father and die beside him, and doom Aushara to even worse suffering under Riverstorm's control.  Or give up your father and end the battle right there, and maybe save some of our men, in the hopes of fighting back some other day when the odds were in our favor."
"You make it sound like such an easy decision," Sasha sneered.  "But I think you're just a coward.  You were just trying to save your own skin."
"Believe what you want.  Many others feel the same way you do.  It's true that I'm not beloved in Aushara.  There are many people who think I'm a traitor, just like you do."
"That's because you are a traitor."
"I betrayed your father.  But I didn't betray my homeland.  And I want to break free from Verdana just as bad as you do.  But like I always told Orden, a rebellion will only work if you strike at the right time."
"And when is that going to be?"
"Now!" Kashus said intensely.  "Right now!  When they're weak and fighting amongst themselves!  Riverstorm's death has thrown them into chaos, and now we've struck the first blow against them.  The Delegation in White Flame was taken into custody last night, and today we attacked all three Verdan forts on Aushar land, not just this one.  For almost eight years, we've been building up our strength and waiting for the perfect time, and it's finally here!"
Sasha was at a loss for words.  "You ? you arrested the Delegation?  You mean ..."
Kashus nodded proudly.  "The Delegation is gone and we're going to put a new Aushar King on the throne.  Aushara is independent again!  Any agents of the Verdana government or the Emperor's Legion are getting kicked out and sent home."
A rush of emotions swept through her, muddling her thoughts and making her feel lightheaded.  Surprise, joy, disbelief, a sudden euphoria.  She held onto the bars of her cell for support.  Her heart was pounding and she didn't have any idea what to say.
An overwhelmed smile broke out on her face, and she laughed involuntarily, feeling suddenly giddy and excited.  She laughed and covered her mouth awkwardly, looking at Kashus with bright eyes, unable to hold in her happiness.  She wanted to jump up and down and shout for joy, she wanted to grab someone and just embrace them, but the only available person was Kashus, and her joy did not quite turn him into her friend.
But with a shaking hand, she reached through the bars, and Kashus kindly took her hand into his and held it passionately.  She giggled a bit, still overwhelmed with emotion, and Kashus chuckled a bit as well.
"Congratulations," Sasha squeaked, barely able to talk.
"Thank you," Kashus said sincerely.  "I hope this means you'll join with me.  I can't tell you how much it would help us to have you on our side, Sasha.  We need our people to be united, now more than ever."
Sasha slid her hand back into her cell.  "I don't know, I don't know," she said, shaking her head.  "It's all too much for me right now."  She retreated back and sat down, setting her hands flat on the sides of the bench to keep them still.  Her heart seemed about to burst in her chest.
"The people of Aushara remember your father, and they remember you too," Kashus said.  "If you returned home right now, you would find thousands of people flocking to you and offering to fight for you.  I know you hate me, but for the sake of our people, I hope you'll join with me to create a unified front against Verdana."
"Just give me some time to think about it, please.  I can't even think straight.  Five minutes ago I wanted to cut your heart out, and now I want to give you a hug."
A faint smile crossed Kashus' lips.  "Fair enough," he said.  "I guess it's been an exciting day for both of us."
"Yeah," Sasha breathed, starting at the floor.
Kashus spoke to the others.  "Garven, find someone to go get Sasha something to eat and drink, and to keep watch outside during the night.  I'd feel better if she stayed here until tomorrow.  Farakas, we need to see how many men we have and how quickly we can move out.  And we have to get that fool Hightower to formally surrender to us.  After that, we can open up the cave and get everyone out and march them back to Verdana."
"I still think we should keep them locked up for a few days," Dragonwind said evenly.
Kashus just shook his head.  "I want them gone.  Let them run back home with their tails between their legs."
"You're going to let them go?" Sasha asked.  "All of the guards and the others?"
"Yes," Kashus said.  "They can't hurt us now.  They can have the clothes on their backs and take the Hale Road right back to Verdana.  Maybe if they're lucky, the weather will cooperate and they won't all freeze to death."
"I thought ..." Sasha muttered, and then shook her head.  "I don't know what I thought.  I was afraid you might execute them or something."
"I'm not a monster like Helmbreaker.  The guards here are just pawns of the Verdan government, and they know it.  Most of them surrendered without a fight."
"It might sound crazy, but some of them are friends of mine."
"I understand.  Don't worry about them.  If they're smart, they'll quit the Legion and refuse to fight against us.  Maybe you'll even see them again once this is all over."
Sasha thought about Keesa, and Marden, and Samily, and the others.  She hoped they were okay, and she hoped Kashus was right.  
She spent the rest of the day locked in her cell.  They brought her food and drink, and Kashus came by in the afternoon to talk with her again, although their conversation was pretty much the same as before.  Perhaps it was his clumsy way of apologizing to her, to try to explain himself and make her see his point of view.
She hated him so much that it hurt her to think that he might be right.  If she had been in his position and knew what he knew, what would she have done?  What would her father have done?  For the moment, she chose to accept that he was telling the truth about the reserve forces, since Dragonwind and the others backed up his claim.  If her father's rebellion was truly doomed to defeat, could she have made the same decision?
No, I would not have.  I would have rather fought to the death.
Of course, that was her father's influence pressing on her.  Kashus was more logical than that, he always had been.  She realized quite clearly that his actions that fateful day never truly made any sense to her.  Maybe that was why she hated him so much.  It wasn't just that he betrayed them, it was that his betrayal went against his entire personality and everything he stood for.
Kashus and Orden disagreed on almost every aspect of the rebellion and what they were trying to accomplish.  But Kashus hated Verdana just as much as Orden, if not more.  Her father's wish for rebellion was molded by what had happened to Sasha's mother.  It was a quest for personal vengeance.  But Kashus joined the rebellion for purer reasons than that.  He wanted Aushara to be free and independent.
That's why his betrayal always seemed wrong to her.  But if he was telling the truth about why he betrayed them, then it cast the entire event in a different light.  In that context, maybe it made more sense.  But regardless, it didn't absolve him of his guilt.  No matter what else happened, Sasha would never forgive him.
But maybe she could understand him just a little.  Maybe that was enough for now.
Later that night, she heard the door open and someone come inside.  She laid on the bench in her cell, trying to get comfortable enough to sleep but having no luck.  She didn't know what time it was but it must have been late.
She sat up and turned her head to see Arick Hammercloud standing in the hallway, leaning against the bars, looking at her with a guarded expression on his face.
"Hello, Arick," she said softly.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
She nodded.  "I think so.  They might let me out of here tomorrow.  If I leave Kashus alone, then he said he'll let me go."
"You would have killed him," Arick said.  "If they hadn't stopped you, you would have just killed him in cold blood."
"Yes, I would have."
"I still can't believe it.  I didn't think you were capable of something like that."
"Yeah, well," Sasha sighed, looking down at her hands, "there are lots of things about me that you don't know."
"I guess there are."
Arick lowered himself to the floor and took a seat.  He pressed his back against the far wall and stretched his long legs out across the hallway so his boots were touching the bars of her cell.  Sasha slowly got up from the bench and stepped over the bars, and sat down cross-legged on the floor, placing her hands in her lap.
"So tell me about yourself," Arick said with a slight smile.  "I guess you can tell me the truth now, since I know who you really are."
"I'm so sorry I lied to you, Arick.  I can't tell you how sorry I am.  I hope you understand why I couldn't tell you the truth about me."
"I do, I guess.  It seemed pretty crazy to me at first.  I was just so shocked, you know.  Dragonwind had to explain it to me."
"I wanted to tell you, I really did," Sasha said.  "I just didn't ? I didn't know how to break it to you.  I wasn't sure if you'd even believe me."
"Did you really spend seven years in Dandrakan?"
"Yes."
"That's crazy," Arick said, shaking his head.  "I can't wrap my head around it."
Slowly, in small pieces, Sasha told Arick most of her life story. Her father and her upbringing, her years of training, the failed rebellion that ended in her father's execution, and the role that Kashus played in his betrayal.  She told him about her long imprisonment on the island fortress, the years of depression and misery, and the night of the hurricane.  Arick listened in rapt attention, asking questions here and there, amazed by the entire ordeal.
"I heard that a few men escaped Dandrakan that night," he said.  "But a day or two later they were discovered and all but one of them was killed.  I never heard anything about you though."
"Dragonwind did though, didn't he?"
"Somehow he found out that a young Aushar woman escaped with the other prisoners, but they never found her body.  He said the only young Aushar woman that could possibly have been at Dandrakan was you.  He knew who you were, of course.  So when you showed up in Arawend with a vague background and some skill with a sword, he suspected you from the beginning."
"To be honest, Arick, I thought that you figured it out.  Back when we first met, you went so out of your way to help me, I thought maybe you knew the truth."
"Nope, not at all," he said, with a short embarrassed-sounding laugh.  "I remember your father's rebellion, of course, but I didn't know very much about it, to be honest.  I didn't even know he had a daughter."
"So you really were just trying to get me into bed?" she asked with a grin.
"Or course," he grinned back.
She paused nervously, and then blurted out, "Do you still feel that way about me?"
His smiled faltered a bit, but then he chuckled softly and shrugged.  "I don't know how I feel about you anymore.  Everything's different now.  And I have to admit, I feel pretty foolish.  I liked Orshana very much, but you're not Orshana anymore."
She realized her heart was beating fast, and she took a deep breath, trying to keep herself composed and calm.  "I'm still the same person I was yesterday, I promise.  I feel better now that you know the truth.  I don't have to try to lie to you anymore.  In a weird way, it's a big weight off my shoulders.  Although I wish that I could have told you the truth personally, instead of what happened today."
"Well, everyone knows now."
"What did they have to say about it?"
"Alaster said that he knew all along, of course," Arick said, and they both laughed about it.  "I guess they were all in shock, sort of like I was.  Olfred was speechless when they told him who you really were.  He wanted to come talk to you but they wouldn't let him."
"I'll probably have to answer lots of questions tomorrow.  I hope they aren't mad at me."
"I don't think anyone is mad.  If anything, they feel sort of special that they traveled all this way with you and never realized that you were so famous."
"Famous?  I don't think that's the word I would use."
"It's true, though.  You're practically a celebrity now.  Although that little episode with Kashus has put some of his men on edge, so they don't exactly trust you yet."
Sasha sat up and leaned forward.  She placed her hands on the bars and then rested her head in between two of them.  "So do you still want to do sword practice if they let me out tomorrow?"
"If what I've heard is true, then maybe you should be the one giving me some training."
"Once upon a time I was very good," Sasha confessed.  "I used axes though, not swords.  But seven years in a prison cell took that away from me."
"You know, you didn't finish your story," Arick said.  "You escaped from the prison, but what happened after that?"
"I had some help from a guy named Renny," she said with a laugh, and told him how she made her way from the Gray Sands all the way to Arawend, about how she got her horse Dusty, and how she talked her way out of a Legion patrol on the way there.  
"The Warden must have really been watching out for you."
"I really believe he was."
They talked for a little while longer, with Sasha giving more details about her life, and Arick telling her what was happening out in the fort.  All of the Legion soldiers who surrendered in the fight were being held in the cave under guard.  Kashus wanted to send them marching back to Verdana first thing in the morning, but Dragonwind advised him that it would be better to just leave them imprisoned for a little while longer.  If the prisoners were released now, they would just be fighting against them when the Legion marched to try to reclaim the fort.  The prisoners could be used as hostages if need be.
Keesa was alive and stuck with the rest of them.  And Sasha was glad to hear that Marden Thundersky was also alive and well, but even though he was an Aushar, he was being kept under guard with the rest of them.  Kashus didn't trust anyone from Aushara who willingly joined the Legion, and Sasha supposed that she didn't blame him.  Although she found it ironic that Kashus, of all people, would have a reason not to trust an Aushar.
Arick slowly got to his feet and rubbed his sore legs.  "Okay, I think it's time for me to go and get some sleep.  I think we'll be busy tomorrow."
"Thank you for coming and talking to me," Sasha said as she got up.  "Hopefully they let me out.  I'll tell Kashus I won't cause him any problems."
"That's good to hear."
"I'll never forgive him though."
"We all understand," Arick said supportively.  "No one's asking you to forgive him.  But if you could put your differences aside and fight with him, then it would mean a lot."
"I can do that," she promised.
They kissed between the bars and held each other, and then Arick said his farewells and left her alone again.  She leaned her head against the bars and closed her eyes, feeling a little better about herself.  She might be imprisoned once again, but it was only one night.  And in the morning, everything would be different.  She felt sure of it.
Chapter Thirty
On Good Behavior

"Do you think you can behave yourself this time?" Dragonwind asked as he unlocked her cell door.  It opened with a creak and he watched carefully as she walked out in the hall, his other hand firmly on the handle of his sword.  Two more of Kashus' men were there as well, keeping a close eye on her, as if she was capable of fighting three of them at the same time, or would be suicidal enough to try.
"If you don't trust me, why even let me go?" she asked.
"Because Kashus apparently trusts you, although I certainly wouldn't if I was him."
"Can I ask why not?"
Dragonwind let the cell door swing closed and asked, "Do you know who my father was?"
"Yes," Sasha said.  "I know who he was."
Theras Dragonwind had been one of King Blackmane's advisers in White Flame in the years leading up to Blackmane's death and Verdana's takeover of the government.  By all accounts, he was a corrupt, greedy, opportunistic criminal who destabilized Blackmane's authority to gain more power for himself, and single-handedly paved the way for the Delegation to take control of the throne.
"I have no love for my father," Dragonwind said.  "He betrayed his king, his people, and his own family.  He was murdered about a year after Blackmane died.  Stabbed to death in his bed.  Most likely by one of the servants in his own household."
"I knew he died, but I didn't know how."
"My point is this.  If I ever find out who betrayed my father, I will kill him.  And I don't even love my father.  The man was a disgrace and he's better off dead, to be honest.  Some people say that the man who murdered my father deserves to be rewarded.  But I wouldn't let that stop me from getting my revenge.  You understand?"
He pointed at her.  "Your father was a hero.  And we all know that Kashus is the one who betrayed him.  So if I was in your position, I wouldn't stop until Kashus was dead."
"I guess I'm more patient than you are," Sasha said.  "I can wait until after we gain our independence from Verdana.  Once that is done, then I'll kill him."
Dragonwind narrowed his red eyes and stared at her, as if trying to decide if she was just being sarcastic.  The other Aushar stepped aside to let Sasha pass, watching her intently, but neither of them said anything.  They were part of Kashus' force, so Sasha didn't know them.  They watched her with a combination of respect and distrust.
When she was outside, she looked around the fort to see that a layer of newly-fallen snow had covered up all of the blood stains.  The bodies had been removed, of course.  Sasha never got around to asking how many people died in the attack, since she didn't really want to know, but she suspected that the only casualties were the Verdan guards.
She caught sight of a few people looking at her from a distance.  Two soldiers on the wall, a handful more by the gate.  Just watching her, not doing anything else.  Maybe they already knew that she was going to be released.  She stood in the snow, unsure what to do next.  Anywhere she went, she was bound to find curious onlookers.  After all, she tried to kill their leader the day before.  She was surely a topic of gossip all across the fort.
The door opened behind her and Dragonwind came out.
"So what's the plan today?" she asked.
Dragonwind grunted noncommittally.  "This afternoon we're gathering up the prisoners and sending them on their way.  And then we sit and wait for our reinforcements."
"How many reinforcements?"
"About five hundred men at first.  They're waiting in Long Hearth for orders.  Kashus sent a runner last night to tell them the attack was successful.  They should arrive in a couple of days, and then we'll start to build up the defenses here."
"Why didn't you just bring everyone here when you attacked the fort?"
"Lack of supplies.  We couldn't bring that many men without hauling wagons of supplies with us.  I was sure that we could take the fort with just a few men, so we left the main force behind to await orders, just in case anything went wrong."
Sasha nodded to herself.  She expected something like that.  "What about the other forts?  Kashus said they were attacked too?"
"Yes, but we haven't heard word from them yet.  Hopefully they fell as easily as this one, but I wouldn't count on it."
Sasha wanted to ask more questions, and get more information about what was happening and the progress of their rebellion.  It took some effort to fight the urge to just pester Dragonwind with dozens of questions, but she managed to restrain her curiosity.  Dragonwind had already said more words to her in the past few minutes than he had during their entire trip north, and she didn't want to test his patience.  The only reason he was even hanging around was to keep an eye on her.  He certainly wasn't required to answer her questions anyway, so she decided to leave it alone for now.
However, Dragonwind gave her one more bit of information freely, without her having to ask him.  "Once the reinforcements get here, Kashus is heading back to Long Hearth to organize our counter-attack when Verdana makes a move against us.  I'll be going with him, and I suspect he'll want you to come along as well."
"I understand," she said, stuffing her hands into the pockets of her jacket.
She walked over to the stable and went inside.  She hoped that someone had remembered to feed Dusty the day before.  She walked over to his stall and saw that there was still some food left in his food tray, so someone took the time to care for him while she locked up.  She brushed him and talked softly into her ear, and he whinnied a bit and seemed to enjoy the attention.
"Sorry, I was busy yesterday," she said.  "I'd love to take you for a ride, but I don't think they're going to let me do that just now."
Brushing Dusty served to distract her from the million thoughts floating around in her head.  Dusty was a good companion at times like this, because he didn't ask her any uncomfortable questions and didn't mind when she rambled on.  He turned his head to look at her with his big, brown eyes, and Sasha rubbed his forehead affectionately.
"You don't care who I am, do you Dusty?" she asked him.  "You don't think any differently about me now that my identity's not a secret anymore, do you?"  Dusty blinked and shook his head as Sasha scratched his ears, and she laughed as he seemed to answer her question.
From the back of the stable came a familiar voice.  "Well, look who it is," Darl said as he came inside.  He walked over to the adjacent stall and rested his arms on the wall between them.
"Good morning," Sasha said casually, glancing sideways at him.
"Sasha Snowfire," he announced.  "You know, I think I was more surprised when I found out about you than I was when I heard that they conquered the fort yesterday.  I still can't believe that you've been keeping that secret for so long."
"Give it a rest, Darl," she said, shaking her head.  "I'm sorry I lied to everyone, but I would really rather not talk about it.  I'm hiding in here because I don't want to face everybody right now."
"Sorry?" he said, raising his eyebrows.  "You don't have to be sorry about anything.  We were all excited to think we knew somebody like you.  You know, you're pretty famous."
"Yeah," she muttered.  "That's what Arick said."
Darl shrugged.  "I mean, I never heard of you before, no offense.  I guess I'm not very informed about things like that.  But Alaster knew about you, and Olfred just about fainted when he learned who you really were."  He laughed and shook his head a bit.  "I still can't believe it myself, some of the things they said about you."
"Like what?"
"They said you escaped from Dandrakan Prison.  How in the name of the Warden did you pull that off?  I thought Dandrakan was supposed to be impossible to escape from."
"I did escape.  But I got lucky.  Maybe I'll tell you about it sometime, but not today."
Darl nodded, a smile still on his face, and then he looked around the stable.  "You know," he added in a lower voice, "we were all standing right there when you freaked out and tried to attack the guy in charge here.  That was another big shock, to put it lightly."
"I bet it was.  You might say that I was pretty shocked too."
"But I guess they let you back out, so that means ..."
"Yes, Darl, I'm fine.  I'm not going to freak out like that again, I promise."
"Good," he said simply, nodding.
"I am starving though," she said, changing the subject.  "Do you know if there's anybody in the dinner hall right now?"
"You missed breakfast," he said, "so I don't think there's anyone in there now.  But I'm sure that Samily would be happy to get you something to eat."
Sasha gave Dusty one final affectionate pat on the head and set her brush on the floor.  "That sounds like a good idea."
Chapter Thirty-One
Sending the Prisoners Home

Sasha stood by the doors to the dinner hall with her arms crossed.  Beside her, standing very close, was Arick, and he glanced down at her as if to gauge her reaction.  Darl and Samily were behind them, and Samily looked out anxiously, rubbing her hands together.
One by one, the Verdan guards were marched from the cave entrance and lined up in rows in the middle of the yard.  They were dressed appropriately for the weather, which was a good thing, since they would need warm clothes.  Sasha guessed that most of them didn't know exactly what was going on.  Kashus' men, as well as the Red Guard, stood around the prisoners with their hands on their weapons as a simple warning not to start any trouble.  Four of Kashus' men were mounted on horses, waiting by the front gate.
For the most part, the Verdan soldiers looked like they didn't have any fight in them, although Sasha wondered if they had any fight in them to begin with.  According to Kashus, most of them surrendered almost immediately once the fighting started.
Sasha looked through the crowd of Aushar onlookers.  She saw Alaster, Polla, and Dravina  standing by the office, and Noren and the other members of their caravan standing around as well.
"Where's Olfred?" she asked quietly.
"I haven't seen him since this morning," Darl replied.  "I'm surprised he's not here."
Sasha was surprised too.  Everyone told her how much Olfred wanted to talk to her the day before, once her identity had been revealed.  She expected him to track her down and talk to her, but she hadn't seen him all day.
In the crowd, she spied both Keesa and Marden, although they didn't see her, and were looking around nervously like everyone else.  Eventually, all of the Verdan guards were marched out of the cave, as well Captain Hightower, who looked defeated and humiliated, far different than the last time Sasha saw him.  He hunched over, his blonde hair hanging in front of his face, and lined up with the others, looking as if he would welcome an executioner's axe.  Perhaps sending him back to Verdana was actually a worse punishment for someone like him.
Kashus Stoneward was up on the top of the wall, standing directly over the front gate.  He set his hands on the railing and looked out across the faces of the Verdan prisoners.
"This land belongs to the people of Aushara," he said in a booming voice.  "And this fort now belongs to the people of Aushara as well.  You are no longer welcome here.  Verdana has no authority over Aushara, and we will no longer tolerate your Legion on our lands."
He straightened his back and nodded to the Aushar men down on the ground.  They began to pull open the gate, and the ones on horses backed away to let the gate open all the way.
Kashus swept his arm to motion behind him.  "So you are all free to go," he said.  "Go back to your own homeland, go back to your empty throne and your selfish leaders.  And don't ever return to Aushara!  You can tell your leaders that if they dare send their armies into Aushara ever again, we'll fight to the last man!  This is our homeland!  Verdana will never again control us!  Aushara is free now and forever!"
The Aushar shouted and cheered, raising their swords and their axes high.  Sasha had no weapon to raise, but she raised her voice with the rest of them, Kashus' words and the power of the moment filling her with pride and a nervous energy.  Arick's hand reached down and found hers, and she squeezed it tightly.
"Go home!" Kashus ordered.  "Go back to Verdana!"
"Go!" some of the Aushar began to shout.  They surged in toward the prisoners, and a few of the Verdans headed for the gate, glancing all around as if expecting a volley of arrows in their back as soon as they stepped outside the fort.  A few of them hurried through the gate and ran down to the road, stomping awkwardly through the knee-deep snow.
"Follow the road and you'll get home in a few days if you hurry!  Don't bother praying to your Judge for help!  He has no power here in Aushara!  Go ahead and pray to the Warden, but he won't listen to you either!"
Sasha saw that a few of the men carried small packs, which made her feel slightly better.  It wasn't impossible for someone to travel down the Hale Road on foot and make it to Verdana in five or six days, even in deep snow, but without food it would be very hard to make it.  The thought nagged at her that some of these men might go hungry and freeze to death in the snow.  But Kashus had no reason to be unnecessarily cruel, so he allowed them to take some supplies.
Kashus showed them mercy by allowing them to leave at all.  He could just as easily have ordered them all executed, and there was nothing Sasha could have done to stop it.  In fact, some of the Aushar might have preferred it if the Verdans were summarily killed instead of set free, but Kashus, despite all his other faults, was not a butcher.  For that, Sasha felt as if she should thank him.
Most of the former guards were shuffling out of the fort, and the mounted Aushar trotted out the gate as well to keep an eye on them.  She heard Kashus speak to them from above the gate.  "Follow them out and make sure none of them try to sneak back here."
She heard some shouting over the general cheering of the crowd, and then saw that some of the guards were arguing and refusing to leave.  A bunch of Aushar came over and tried to bully them out, but they raised their voices and pushed back.
"Get your hands off me!" one of them bellowed.  "I'm an Aushar like you, and I'm not going anywhere!"
It was none other than Marden Thundersky, shouting in the face of two Aushar who were pushing him back.  There were a few other Aushar guards behind him, also refusing to leave.  A crowd was now forming around them, and Sasha let go of Arick's hand to run and get a closer look.
"Get out of here, or we'll cut you down!" one of the Aushar threatened.
"Go ahead!" Marden shouted back, his red eyes blazing with anger.  "You send me to Verdana and they're gonna execute me anyway!  You might as well kill me now!"
"You can't send us to Verdana," one of the others pleaded.  "They'll think we helped you, they'll just throw us in jail or execute us!"
"That's not our problem!" one of Kashus' men laughed.  "You turned your back on Aushara when you joined the Legion, so you get exactly what you deserve!"  Kashus' men had their weapons drawn and waved them threateningly, forcing Marden and the others back toward the gate.  Sasha was surprised to see Keesa behind them, although she wasn't raising her voice, she was apparently reluctant to leave as well.  
"What's the problem here?" Sasha asked loudly, walking up to the Aushar.
"These dogs don't want to go home!" one of them sneered, raising his axe.  "But if they don't get moving, I'm gonna put them out of their misery!"
"Lower your weapon," Sasha snapped at him.
"Who are you to tell me what to -" the Aushar snapped back, turning to glare at her.  Then his eyes suddenly went wide and his arm immediately dropped.  "Oh, I'm sorry.  I didn't know ..."
"Get out of my way," she said, brushing him aside.  The other Aushar warriors also quickly followed her demands and lowered their arms, backing away slightly, as if they were afraid of her.
Maybe they are afraid of me.  After my outburst yesterday, I may have developed a reputation.  Or maybe they just respect me.  Whatever it is, I don't like it.
She walked right up to Marden and asked, "Why don't you want to leave the fort?"
Marden and the others stared at her briefly, and then Marden glanced up at the Aushar with a confused look on his face.
They don't know about me, she realized.  No one told them.
"You can't just send us to Verdana," Marden said, the edge of panic in his voice.  "They'll accuse us of helping you because we're Aushar.  You know what the Legion does to soldiers they accuse of being traitors?  They put them to death."
"The other Verdan soldiers know you didn't help us," Sasha said.
"Don't be stupid!" Marden hissed.  "You think any of them are going to defend us?  They were already talking about it when you locked us up!  As far as they're concerned, anyone with red hair is guilty!"
Sasha nodded.  She looked through the group at Keesa, who was standing in the back.  "What about you, Keesa?  You're not an Aushar, why are you staying?"
"I was too friendly with you," Keesa said, her voice low.  "You know that I never fit in with the others.  They don't trust me either.  They already accused me of helping you.  Besides, I was on duty during the attack, so I'm twice as guilty."
Kashus strode towards them with Dragonwind on his heels.  The main gate was still wide open, but all of the Verdan guards had already run out, leaving the yard mostly empty.  Now, a crowd grew around Sasha to hear what was going on.  She looked at Kashus and could not quite read the expression on his face.  
"Please," Marden begged.  "Just throw us back in a cell if you don't trust us."
"Why should we?" Kashus said as he stepped forward.  "You joined the Emperor's Legion of your own free will.  You must have known your loyalty would be questioned if Aushara ever rose up again."
"It was just a job," one of the men behind Marden said lamely.
Marden looked Kashus right in the eye.  "I didn't want a bunch of blonde-haired cowards always in a position of authority over us.  That's why I joined up.  I wanted to make sure that there were at least a few people in the Legion who actually cared about Aushara."
Dragonwind studied them and put his hands on his hips.  "What about her?" he asked, gesturing toward Keesa.  "She's not Aushar at all.  She's half-Verdan if I heard right."
"So am I," Sasha said quickly.  "That doesn't mean anything."
"You're saying we should let them stay?" Kashus asked, studying her.
"They're Aushar," Sasha said simply.  "This is their homeland too."
Kashus took a breath and looked across the faces of Marden and the others.  He slowly turned his gaze on Sasha and narrowed his eyes just a fraction.  Sasha did not blink, she stared right back at him fearlessly.  Surprisingly, he seemed somehow pleased at Sasha's behavior, and a rare smile curved his lips for just a moment.
"All right," he said finally.  "Stick them the office cells for now.  If they want to prove their loyalty to Aushara, I'm sure they'll have a chance soon enough."
Marden's shoulders slumped down in relief and he offered no resistance as he and the others were herded out of the yard and toward the fort office.  Keesa cast Sasha a meaningful glance and went along with the others.
Kashus drew her aside.  "Let's take a walk together."
They went over to the stairs and walked to the top of the wall.  Kashus folded his hands behind his back and looked out across the mountains as he stepped to the railing.  Sasha casually walked up beside him.  It was as if he was daring her to push him over the edge.  The thought did cross her mind, but she resisted the temptation.
Below them, she saw the last of the Verdan prisoners disappear down the road.  If they were smart, they'd trade positions amongst themselves as they traveled, so that the same few people were not always in front of the group.  The ones in front would tire faster from having to walk through the deep snow, while the ones in the back would have an easier time, since the snow would already be packed down for them.  Unlike the Aushar, they couldn't walk on the surface of the snow.  If the ones in front switched places with the ones in the rear at regular intervals, they'd all fare better during the trip south.
"Do you think they'll make it all the way to Verdana?" she asked.
"I think so," Kashus replied.  "The weather should be good, and we gave them some food and warm clothes.  I see no reason they shouldn't all make it, unless they do something stupid."
"And then the Legion will send more men here after us."
"They've  probably already sent them," Kashus said casually.  "They surely know of the attacks on the other forts by now, so it stands to reason they'll suspect we've taken this one."
"So we have, what?  Five or six days until they arrive?"
"Something like that.  We'll have more men here by then, and then we'll turn this little outpost into a fortification.  That gate down there will become a wall.  We'll stop them here."
"And then what?  All-out war with Verdana?"
"If it comes to that, yes.  But I don't think it will.  They have enough problems right now trying to choose their new King.  They can't try to wage war with us when they're so divided."
Sasha set her hands on the railing.  "I wish my father was here to see it."
Kashus turned and looked at her.  "So do I.  Your father was one of the best of us."  He sighed and then returned his gaze to the mountains beyond.
"Did you know they were going to execute him?" she asked.
"Yes.  Yes, I did.  They promised me that all of the prisoners would go free except for your father's commanders, who would be imprisoned.  Your father would be the only one to face the sword.  That was our deal."
Sasha felt her breath tighten up in her chest, and she cleared her throat uncomfortably.  "And what about me?  I would have gone free with the others?  If I hadn't ? if I hadn't tried to save him?"
"That's true," Kashus said softly.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't want that to happen.  I didn't know that Helmbreaker was going to kill your father right there in front of everyone.  I assumed he'd be taken to Verdana to face some sort of trial.  I thought that ?"
He trailed off.  "I don't know what I thought," he said finally.  "It all happened too fast.  And then I saw you there, and Helmbreaker ordered you sent to prison as well.  It wasn't supposed to happen that way, Sasha."
Her hands tightened on the wooden railing, and she closed her eyes while trying to calm herself down.  "What difference does it make?" she hissed through clenched teeth.  "You should be thankful that they sent me away.  I would have killed you the moment they set me free."
"You could kill me now."
"Believe me, I want to.  I would have done it yesterday if I'd had a sword in my hand."
"But now, maybe you feel differently?"
"It won't bring my father back."
Kashus said nothing for a few moments, just looking out and admiring the beautiful view.  The sky was clear at the moment, but in the distance to the north they could see more storm clouds rolling in, hinting at more snow to come, probably before evening.
"We could have kept Captain Hightower as a hostage," he said.  "Some of your father's men are still in prison.  We could ransom them."
Sasha nodded absently.  "One-Ear is dead.  He died helping me escape."
Kashus looked at her, surprised, and then nodded solemnly.  "Uvane was a good man, he'll be missed.  I know Ebron is being held in the Imperial Fortress dungeons in Arlora, and maybe Jannick as well.  I knew that you and Uvane were held in Dandrakan, but I don't know where the others were sent."
Sasha laughed bitterly to herself.  If Kashus could use hostages to ransom the Aushar who were still held in prison, then she never had to escape from Dandrakan in the first place.  She may have been ransomed anyway, and One-Ear would still be alive.  The painful irony of the situation made her angry at no one in particular.  Once again, she thought of the Warden and tried to understand his plan for her.  She didn't believe that she could have survived the escape attempt without his guidance, but her situation had changed so much that she began to wonder what her purpose was.
"I never asked you who was going to take the throne of Aushara," she asked.
"Do you think I would sit on it?"  He shook his head.  "I already told you that there are many who believe I'm still a traitor, just as you do.  Few would accept me as a King."
"Who, then?"
"Blackmane had a cousin named Alvorus Steelwind.  You might have heard of him.  He commanded the Chiefguard in White Flame when Blackmane was still alive.  Since then he's been a Captain in the city guard, since the Delegation had no use for him.  He's a good man, and I think he'll make a fine King.  His relation to Blackmane will give him a legitimate claim to the throne."
"Okay, that's good.  To be honest, I did think you might want the throne for yourself."
"No, I'm not interested in that," he said.  "After your father's rebellion, I could have secured a powerful position for myself with the blessing of the Delegation.  I think they even expected me to."
"What did you do after the battle?" Sasha asked, suddenly very curious.
"I retreated to the Empty Hills," Kashus said.  "Spent two years waiting for everyone to forget about me.  Then I started slowly making contact with some of our allies.  Some of them gave up hope for a rebellion against Verdana, but enough of them still had faith in the cause, so we just started working from scratch to build up our forces to strike when the time was right.  We've been working for five years now."
A distant shout caught Sasha's attention for a moment, and she leaned over the railing to get a better look.  She saw two riders coming up to the fort, one of them waving his arms.
"What's going on?" she asked.
Kashus stepped away from her and then suddenly started running along the wall to the corner tower facing the south side of the road.  Sasha found herself running after him.
"The Legion is coming!" the rider cried out as they ran up the slope to the gate.  "The Legion is marching right now!"
"What do you mean?" Kashus demanded angrily.
"They're coming up the road right now, sir!  It must be an entire army!  Hundreds of men!"
"That's impossible!"
"They're less than a league away!"
Kashus bolted from the wall and down the steps to the yard, where he started shouting orders and yelling for the men to get their weapons.  They opened the gate long enough for the two riders to come back inside, and then immediately barred the gate up again.  Men began to flood out of the cave and the outbuildings, and Kashus barked orders and demands.
Sasha stepped to the railing and looked out along the road.  The sky was clear and there wasn't a flake of snow in the air, so she could see quite a distance south.  Just on the edge of her vision, she could see a dark shape moving down the road, like a huge crawling shadow.  Moments later, she could make out individual shapes.  Soldiers and horses.  
She summoned a Charm to increase her hearing, and could just barely make out the the sound of their boots and hooves marching in unison, clomping into the snow.  She could see the shimmer of flags flapping in the cold breeze and the murmur of voices.  
The Legion was on the move.  She stared in horror as their numbers became more evident, even at this distance.  There were more than just hundreds of men, as far as she could see there possibly more than a thousand.
"Sasha!"
Arick was suddenly behind her, staring out as well.  "We have to get ready right now," he said quickly, taking her arm.
"Yes," she said.  "And I need a sword."
Chapter Thirty-Two
The Battle of Fort Wardenhall

"How could they possibly have gotten here so fast?" Brannock Icebuilder asked no one in particular.  He stood with Dragonwind and Garven Silverhorn in the yard, surrounded by running men, as Dragonwind coordinated their defenses, shouting orders back and forth to the men on the wall.
Arick buckled his sword belt on and said, "They didn't get here that fast, they must have started coming here days ago."
"But how?" Sasha asked, frustrated.  "Why?"
"It doesn't matter now!" Dragonwind snapped.  "Both of you fall back with Stoneward and the others and get ready to get out of here!"
All around them, the Aushar warriors were pulling on stiff leather armor or even strapping down Verdan steel armor.  They ransacked the armory and training area for more weapons, arming dozens of men with bows and arrows.  Now, men lined the walls, armed with bows, ready to rain down projectiles on the oncoming Verdan army.  Sasha could hear their trumpets on the wind.  They were not very far away now.
"How can we get away?" Arick asked, his voice harsh.  "Where are we going to go?  Our only hope is to stay here and hold them off until your reinforcements arrive."
"There's no way we can hold them off!" Dragonwind snarled.  "There's too many of them, and this place isn't fortified to withstand that kind of attack!  We'll be lucky if we can keep them at bay for a few hours!"
"What about you?" Sasha asked.
"Someone has to stay behind, and it's going to be me."
"Farakas," Arick said, "you don't have to -"
"Go!" he roared.  "You have to get out of here!  All of you!  Especially you, Sasha, you're as important to the cause as anyone, you have to get out right now!"
Sasha met his eyes and gave him a short nod, and then she ran off toward the office.  She heard Arick and Garven behind her, still trying to argue with Dragonwind.  But it was hopeless.  Dragonwind was not going to change his mind.
She bolted into the office building and hurried to the back where the cells were.  As she stormed through the door, she heard the prisoners yelling.  She grabbed the cell keys off the wall and ran to the doors, ignoring Marden Thundersky and the others as they shouted frantic questions.
"What's going on?  We heard shouting!  Someone said we're under attack?"
Sasha stuck the key in the door and then hesitated.  She reached through the bars to grab the front of Marden's jacket and pulled him forward.
"Listen to me!" she shouted over them.  "The Legion will be here in a few minutes, so you all have a choice!  You can stay here and hope they take mercy on you, or you can go out there and try to hold them off.  Decide right now!"
Marden shook off her hand.  "Let me out of here," he demanded, "and I'll fight with you!"
"So will I!" one of the others cried, and then they were all shouting at her.  
"The Legion outnumbers us a hundred to one," Sasha said over their rushing voices.  "Some of us are staying behind to give the rest a chance to escape.  Do you understand me?  If I let you out of here then you'll be fighting against impossible odds and you'll all be killed."
"Are you staying behind with us?" one of them asked.
"No," she admitted.  "I'm leaving.  The choice is yours.  You can either stay here and wait for the Legion to execute you, or you can die with a sword in your hand!"
They instantly shouted their loyalty to Aushara and each of them swore to fight, so she turned the key to unlock the door.  It swung open and they surged out, following after her and running out of the building.  Sasha ordered them to grab weapons in the armory and report to Dragonwind, who was already up on the wall to prepare their last-minute defense.
She could hear Dragonwind barking orders up on the wall.  "Archers wait until I give the word!  They'll try to breach the gate first!  Focus your fire on anyone who gets close to the gate!"
Keesa came up to her and touched her arm.  "Good luck, Orshana.  I wish I could go with you."
"Good luck to you too, Keesa," Sasha said sincerely.  "It was an honor to know you.  Maybe we'll meet again someday."
Keesa's golden eyes shimmered and she ran off to the armory.
Arick suddenly was there, running up to her.  "What are you doing?  Are you crazy?"
"We need all the men we can find," Sasha explained.  "Kashus wanted them to prove their loyalty, so now's their chance."
He shrugged off another comment, and grabbed her arm to pull her along.  
"Come on, let's go!"
Sasha and Arick ran to the rear gate, where an unruly crowd was forming.  Garven and his son Luther opened the gate.  All of the civilian members of Dragonwind's caravan were carrying whatever possessions they could fit into a bag, and there were still a few people running out of the guests' quarters.  Horses were brought from the stable and everyone mounted up as quickly as possible.  Only a few of the Red Guard were coming with them.  Farakas Dragonwind and the rest of his men would stay behind, along with all of Kashus' men.
Alaster Snowborn was there with the others, shouting as if he was in charge.  Polla and Dravina both climbed on top of the same large horse, although neither of them had ridden before.  All of the family members of the Red Guard, their wives and children, were there as well, climbing up into saddles, mothers bundling up with their children, holding them tightly as they trembled in fear.  Samily Greatwolf was there, looking terrified.
It would have been much easier if they could use wagons to transport the families, but the only carts in the fort were buried in snow, and they didn't have time to dig them out.  They took every horse in the stable, but there weren't enough for everyone, forcing many to ride double.
Kashus Stoneward pulled himself up into a saddle and quickly turned around to see who was there.  His eyes met Sasha's and he seemed relieved to see her.  He quickly shouted for Garven and Luther to get mounted.  The other Red Guards were already on horseback, trotting out the gate to lead the way for everyone.
Darl hurried over to Sasha, pulling two horses behind him.  He handed Dusty's reins to her and said breathlessly, "We can't find Olfred, he's gone missing."
"What are you talking about?"
"He's not here," Darl said.  "No one has seen him since this morning."
Arick hauled himself up onto his own black stallion and caught a pack that Garven Silverhorn threw to him.  As he tied it down over his saddle, he said, "Where the hell could he be?  If he's not here, then ..."
Darl just shrugged, looking worried.  "This morning he left the fort because he said he left some his books in one of the wagons down on the road.  But I don't think he ever came back.  And we checked his bed in the office, and all his things are gone."
"I don't believe it," Sasha said angrily.  "That lying bastard."
"What do you mean?"
Sasha grabbed hold of Dusty's saddle and pulled herself up.  "Don't you see?  Olfred must have warned the Legion about the attack!  He knew they would be here because he's the one who sent for them!"
"Olfred?" Darl said in disbelief.
"That's the only explanation," Sasha said, shaking her head.
"Damn it," Arick snapped.
Sasha thought back and realized how often Olfred asked her how she felt about Verdana and made vague hints about Aushara's politics.  He did the same to the others, always masking his inquiries as honest curiosity.  And the morning that Dragonwind left, Olfred was so worked up and bothered that he seemed almost angry about it, even though he claimed that he knew ahead of time.
He probably sent word to the Legion that day, she thought.  He must have, for them to arrive here like this.  But then she realized that wasn't possible either.  That was only five days ago, and there was no way the Legion could have come all the way from Verdana in only five days.  Olfred must have sent a message to them earlier than that.  He must have sent word to them while they were still on the road.  But how could he have known Dragonwind's intentions that far in advance?
By now, the sound of the approaching army was audible, the clank of their armor and thud of their marching footsteps.  Shouts could be heard from beyond the wall, the Verdan commanders yelling orders to their men.  Dragonwind's voice boomed out, yelling at his own men, getting ready for the attack.
"Now!" he roared.  "Fire!"
A booming crash rattled the front gate and it shuddered with the blow, snow tumbling from the heavy boards.  Only a battering ram could make such an impact, Sasha knew.  It would not take long for the gate to fall.  The Aushar warriors rained arrows down at the Legion soldiers, but Sasha watched as three men fell back as the Legion returned fire.  Their archers were well-trained and far more accurate than the Aushar.
The gate shuddered again, followed by the sound of wood popping and snapping.  On the bridge over the road, they fired more arrows down, but Sasha knew it was no use.  There were simply not enough men to defend the fort against such a huge force.  She could hear the boom of another battering ram crash into the huge gate on the road, and she could almost see the entire bridge rattling with the tremor of impact.  Arrows soared over the wall and fell into the yard randomly, sticking out of the snow like stalks of deadly grass.
"Go!" Kashus shouted, waving the others frantically through the gate.  Alaster, Darl, Samily, and all the others rode their horses out as fast as they could, before the entire fort was lost.  The snow was deep but they rode hard through the drifts, kicking up a mist of snow behind them.  Sasha pulled back and waited at the gate for just a moment, watching as the front gate thundered forward, wood splintering along the hinges.  Dragonwind's voice could not longer be heard.  Sasha didn't even know if he was still alive.
"We're not going to make it," she said in a whisper.
"There's nothing we can do!" Arick shouted.
Sasha yanked on Dusty's reins and swung him around.  She kicked her heels in and Dusty took off through the gate in a panic as the sounds of breaking wood and screams echoed behind them.  She was the last one out, and hunched down in the saddle as Dusty galloped down the slope, gripping the reins tightly.  Her hair whipped behind her head and she risked one glance over her shoulder.
The main gate on the road was covered in a drift of snow fifteen feet high, giving them some protection.  But even as she watched, the gate rattled back and forth, and snow began to tumble down in a small avalanche.  Even fifteen feet of snow wasn't enough to hold the Legion back.  The gate was going to collapse, if the Legion didn't breach the main fort gate first.
So they ran.  Out in front rode the Red Guard with Kashus behind them, and then most of the civilians.  Arick and Sasha caught up with the others quickly, as many of them were not experienced riders and couldn't control their horses.
Dravina and Polla were falling behind, with Polla crying in terror, her arms wrapped around Dravina.  She was shouting for Dravina to hurry up, but they both looked like they were going to fall from the saddle if they picked up any more speed.  Their horse was one of the wagon horses, and it wasn't accustomed to one rider, much less two.
Sasha slapped Dusty's reins, forcing him to hurry.  She rode up alongside their horse and shouted for them to slow down.  She grabbed Polla's arm and forced her off the horse and onto Dusty, and she trembled with fear as she grabbed Sasha's shoulders.
"Just hold on!" she ordered, and then shouted for Arick.
Arick didn't need any more directions.  He swung around and hauled Dravina off the horse as well, and then kicked his stallion into a gallop, right behind Sasha.  They rushed down the road, leaving the other horse behind as they tried to catch up with the others.
They ran on, plowing through drifts of snow and constantly looking over their shoulders to see if they were being pursued.  The fort must have fallen; there was no way that the defenders could still be holding on.  The thought that Dragonwind was surely dead, as well as Marden and Keesa and all the others, smoldered in Sasha's chest like a burning coal.  She couldn't dwell on it.  There would be more than enough time to mourn later.
The sky above them seemed to turn gray, and she looked up to see the storm clouds swarming over the mountaintops.  They were running right into the heart of a new storm, and the first few flakes of snow appeared in the air, signaling what was to come.  Up ahead on the horizon, the sky was dark  and blurry with snow.
They were forced to slow down as the snow piled up and became too deep for their horses to safely run through.  Dusty shook and whinnied in protest as Sasha urged him on through drifts of snow that reached his chest.  Carrying two riders was not helping either, and she could feel him tiring underneath her, his breath coming hard.
"Come on, Dusty," she said into his ear.  "I know you don't like it, but we have to keep going, just a little farther, come on."
"Just a little farther is right," Arick said from up ahead of her.
"What do you mean?" she asked as they turned around a bend in the road.
She raised her head and let out a groan of disbelief as a towering mountain of snow emerged up ahead of them, stretching across the entire road.  It loomed over them like a wall of solid ice, blocking the road entirely.
"Oh, no," Polla whimpered, burying her face in Sasha's back.  "We can't make it, we're not going to get out of here."
"Be quiet," Sasha said, trying not to snap at her.
Up ahead, Kashus and the Red Guards huddled together, talking loudly with each other.  Sasha rode forward and saw that the wall of snow was choppy and imperfect.  It took her a few moments to realize what had happened.
"This wasn't blocked earlier, was it?  It must have been open just a few days ago."
"I think so," Arick said.  "It must have avalanched.  Yesterday, by the look of it."
Kashus was shouting at the others, and Sasha caught snippets of what he was saying.  She could have used a Charm to increase her hearing, but she didn't think it mattered.  She knew what he was yelling about, she didn't need to hear his exact words.
The thought made her wonder once more how Olfred could have betrayed them.  He told us that his background was so mixed that he couldn't summon Charms.  But was that the truth?  He could have been able to use Charms all along and been lying about it.  How would we have known otherwise?
He was a perfect spy.  He could have used a Charm to increase his hearing and secretly listened in on private conversations while we were sitting around the campfire, and none of us would have been the wiser.  That's how he learned what Dragonwind was planning, he must have overheard them discussing it during the trip.
A cold wind swept down from the wall of snow, filling the air with flakes.  She could only hope that they weren't headed into the middle of a blizzard like the one they endured on the trip north.  Trying to travel on foot through a snowstorm like that would be almost impossible, especially with the civilians slowing them down.
Darl rode over to her, looking scared.  "What are we going to do?" he asked her.  "They'll be after us any minute now, we can't just stay here."
Sasha knew the answer, but she didn't want to say it.  So she looked over to Arick and asked him the same question.  "What are we going to do, Arick?"
Arick kept his gaze fixed on Kashus and the Red Guards as they argued.  "We'll have to abandon the horses," he said simply.
"But we can't make it on foot," Darl said.
Arick could only shrug his shoulders.  "We don't have a choice."
"How far are we from Long Hearth?" Sasha asked.
He didn't answer right away.  Then, he looked at her and said hesitantly, "Some of us could make it in two days if we took the Rim, and if the weather didn't get too bad.  But there's no way that all of us can take the Rim, it's too dangerous.  And the weather looks like it's going to get worse."
"So what are you trying tell me?"
"Five days," he said.  "If we're lucky."
Behind him on the horse, Dravina was shaking her head, her face pinched in despair.  "There's no way I can do that, I'm sorry, I can't march for five days through this snow," she said, tears on her cheeks.
I don't think we have enough food for five days of travel anyway, Sasha thought.
"What's the Rim?" Polla muttered sadly.
"It's the Warden's Rim," Sasha answered, looking up at the snow-covered ridges that surrounded them.  "It's like a trail along the upper edge of these mountains.  It's a shortcut through parts of the Hale Road, but you can't possibly take wagons or horses, you have to do it on foot."
"And it's dangerous," Arick said again.  "Even in good weather, only skilled travelers take the Rim.  In bad weather, you'd have to be suicidal to try it."
"Or desperate," Sasha said.
The Red Guard soldiers carefully dismounted from their horses and summoned Charms to walk across the surface of the snow.  Instead of sinking up to their shoulders in the deep snow, they quickly hurried across the crust and ran off to the side of the road, heading up the drift to one of the jutting ridges up to their left.
Kashus rode back to talk to the rest of their group, while his men hurried on ahead.  His face was turned in a perpetual scowl, and his anger seemed to radiate heat that melted the snowflakes falling onto his shoulders.
"We have to keep moving," he said.  "And we can't take the horses with us, so we'll leave them behind and get as far as we can on foot.  I know that not everyone will be able to travel easily on the snow, but the rest can help out.  But we have to get started right now, so everyone get your packs together and take whatever you can carry."
The choice was simple.  Either go on and travel to Long Hearth on foot, or turn around and go back to the fort, where the Legion was waiting for them.  They couldn't possibly take the horses, and if they could get some distance across the wall of snow blocking their path, then it was unlikely the Legion could possibly follow them farther than that.  The soldiers from Verdana couldn't summon a Charm to walk across the snow, so they'd be stuck unless they wanted to tunnel their way through the enormous drift just to pursue Sasha and the others.  And the Legion certainly was not going to risk taking the Warden's Rim, even they even knew what it was.
"We don't have to actually go all the way to Long Hearth, do we?" Darl asked as he slung his pack over his shoulder, standing waist-deep in the snow.  "I mean, once we're past this part of the road, we could make camp and wait for the reinforcements, couldn't we?"
"We wouldn't have any shelter," Alaster answered.  "And it looks to me like this storm is going to get bad like it was before."
"But we could hold out for a day or two, couldn't we?  Maybe we could find a cave or something?" Darl asked, trying to sound hopeful.
"Listen," Kashus said.  "There's an army of five hundred men from Long Hearth and they're coming this way.  The runner we sent should have reached them by now, so they might be on the move already.  If you want to try to make camp and wait for them, that's your choice.  They'll probably reach you in three days."
"But if we keep moving, we'll reach them in two days, or even sooner than that," Sasha added.  "We'll be better off if we just keep going until we rendezvous with the army.  They'll probably have extra supplies and they'll be able to help anyone who needs it."
Alaster tied down a rolled blanket over his quality leather backpack and then pulled his arms through the straps and buckled it across his chest.  "Miss Snowfire is right," he said.  "We have to get moving, and the sooner the better.  The Legion could come galloping around that corner any minute now."  Once he secured his pack, he stuck his foot into one of the stirrups on his horse's saddle and pulled himself up enough that he could place his foot on the surface of the snow next to him.  He concentrated for a moment and then stepped off carefully to stand right on the surface.  He hurriedly jogged over to where Kashus was already waving people up the slope so they could cross the huge wall of snow.
Sasha pulled her hood tight and adjusted the straps on her pack.  Inside she carried some bundles of dried meat and hard bread, just enough food to last her a day or two, and two tightly-rolled blankets in addition to a thick scarf and some extra gloves.  She really didn't have much else except the clothes on her back and the sword hanging at her hip.
She sighed and placed her hands on the sides of Dusty's face.  The horse looked at her with its large brown eyes, and lowered its head a bit.  Sasha pressed her face into Dusty's snout and whispered softly, "I'm sorry, but I have to let you go now.  I wish you could come with me."
"Sasha!" Arick shouted from the ridge.  "Let's go!  They're coming right now!"
She waved Arick off and looked at Dusty's face once more, rubbing the white splotch of color across his nose.  "Goodbye, Dusty.  You've been a good friend," she said, feeling like she was going to choke up.  "I hope you find someone else to care for you."
With that, she walked off onto the snow, summoning her Charm and running lightly over to the edge of the lowest part of the slope.  A few other stragglers were still coming as well, so Sasha wasn't the last one to leave.  Polla was having some trouble already walking on the snow, as her feet kept sinking in, and Sasha helped her up.  Together, they all climbed the drift and met with Arick and the others along the ledge overlooking the road.
Kashus was a few steps behind the rest of them, looking up over the edge of the rockface to the road far behind them.  "I can hear them coming, but I can't see them yet."
"Let's get moving, then," Alaster said, taking Polla's hand.  She seemed to gain some confidence from him, and together they ran off to follow after the Red Guards, who had already gone ahead.  Darl, Dravina, and the rest of them followed.
Arick stuck out his own hand to Sasha.  "Yes, let's get moving," he agreed.
Sasha took Arick's hand and nodded.  She turned to look back down one last time to see Dusty waiting for her down on the road.  She hoped he would be okay.  He was her oldest friend in the whole world.  Leaving him behind was the most difficult thing she had done since her escape from Dandrakan.  
Goodbye, Dusty.
And then they were off, running across the ledge and then up and over the top of the huge drift of snow, hand in hand.  The Legion couldn't catch them now, but they were running from one dangerous situation right into another.  There was a storm brewing up ahead, and they were heading right into the middle of it.
Chapter Thirty-Three
The Escape

For the next few hours, no one wasted time and energy talking.  Everyone was focused on keeping their Charm active so they didn't fall chest-deep into the snow.  A few of them did anyway.  Polla regularly sank into the snow down to her waist and had to be pulled back up, weakly apologizing each time, but as the day wore on it happened more and more often as she grew weary.  Darl lost his concentration a few times and fell, but he refused help and climbed out each time by himself.  Sasha's Charm was naturally weaker than theirs, and she nearly sank into the snow as well a few times, but thankfully, Arick was always there to catch her.
Even if the road hadn't been blocked by the huge drift of snow, it became obvious that they would have abandoned their horses anyway, since the snow was just too deep for the animals to go through.  It was at least eight feet deep as far as Sasha could tell, deep enough that they couldn't even sink to the ground if they wanted to.  
"Please, just let me rest!" Polla cried in frustration.  "I can't do this anymore!"
"We all need a rest," Arick said.  His grip on Sasha's hand remained firm, but she sensed his weakness.  Even a trained warrior with lots of experience traversing the snowy wastelands couldn't summon his Charms indefinitely.  If they kept going much longer, they'd all be too tired to start up again.  Everyone was sweating and grumbling in pain with the effort of keeping their Charm going for so long.
Alaster flopped down into the snow as well, panting for breath, his face bright red and dripping with sweat.  Sasha had to admit that she was impressed with the merchant's endurance.  He kept pace with Kashus and the Red Guard pretty well, and he supported Polla much of the time on top of that.  He might be a blustering braggart who talked too much, but he possessed reserves of physical stamina that she had not expected.  Even Dravina managed fairly well so far, despite her tearful claims earlier.
The snow fell heavier now, with big fat flakes.  It would be dark in another couple of hours, which did not bode well.  The storm clouds seemed to converge on them from all sides, and Sasha felt in the air that the coming storm would not be light.  The others knew it as well, but no one spoke of it yet, as if talking about it out loud would curse them.  The only good thing so far was that the wind was not very strong, and the snow fell straight down.  Sasha didn't think she could keep her Charm active if she was also trying to push against the wind, and if she couldn't do it then there was no way people like Polla or Darl could manage.
Garven and his son Luther came up to them and told everyone they could take a break.  Luther looked completely exhausted, and sank into the snow with the others.  Garven fared better, but he looked tired as well.
"Arick, Sasha," he said.  "Kashus wants to talk with you."
"What about?" Sasha asked, breathing hard but not letting herself fall into the snow just yet.
Garven glanced back, but no one was paying attention to him.  "He wants to take the Rim, and he wants to see who else is willing to go along with him."
"Why?" Arick asked, shaking his head.
"Just come on and let him tell you."
Kashus waited for them at the front of the group.  He crouched and let his Charm slip so that he was sitting carefully in a kneeling position only a few inches deep into the snow.  Around him sat a few of the other Red Guard soldiers:  Brannock Icebuilder, Tharigan Frostmorn, and a few others.  Luther Silverhorn was there as well, even though he wasn't officially a Red Guard.  Sasha walked up to him and then gratefully sank down into the snow as she let her Charm fade away.  However, she knew she would have trouble getting up again, but she needed a rest as bad as any of them.  Luther looked happy to be seated as well, and he smiled tiredly at her.
Arick knelt down like Kashus did, so that he only dropped a few inches into the snow.  Sasha sank into the snow up to her waist and stretched her arms out to keep from sinking farther, and she merely gave Arick a tired grin.  He smiled back, equally tired, and both of them looked to Kashus to hear what he had to say.
By now, word had spread among the group that Olfred was the one who betrayed them, or that he was at least the most likely suspect.  Kashus did the math in his head just like Sasha did, and he knew that the Legion must have been warned about the attack several days in advance.
"The assaults on Fort Snowhall and Hammerhall have probably failed," he said bitterly.  "If they knew about our plans to attack Wardenhall, then they would have reinforced the others just to make sure.  I don't think we can count on the forts to be under our control now."
"Even if the attacks failed, Steelwind still has four-thousand men at his command," Tharigan reminded him.  "He can protect the Overlands, and he can set up a defense at Glacier's Edge.  That was one of the backup plans anyway."
"I know," Kashus said.  "But I need to know what's going on out there, and we don't have time to wait for the reinforcements to meet with us.  I want to be in Long Hearth as soon as possible."
"It's too dangerous," one of the others said forcefully.  "The Rim is only safe in the summer, you know that.  Trying to navigate the edge of the mountains in this storm will get you killed, Kashus.  We can't take the risk."
Garven, seated beside Arick and Sasha, spoke up.  "Don't forget that right now, Steelwind doesn't know that accountant kid was the one who betrayed us.  For all we know, he thinks it was one of his own people.  He might be changing his plans right now because he thinks he's been compromised.  The longer we wait, the more things are going to get out of hand."
"Right," Kashus said.  "We have to get information to him and find out what's going on.  I know the Rim as well as anyone, and I think it's worth the chance to get back to Long Hearth in half the time.  Anyone who wants to join me is welcome to."
"I'm coming," Garven said immediately.
"Me too," Brannock agreed.
Luther spoke up as well.  "If my father is going, then so am I."
"Some of you have to stay with the civilians," Kashus said, looking at the others.  "They'll need your help, and you have to explain what happened to Keshard and his men when you meet up with them.  You have to tell them to head back to Long Hearth immediately.  I'll probably be gone by the time you get there.  With any luck, I'll be at Glacier's Edge by then."
Tharigan scoffed at that.  "You might be dead by then, lying in a ravine underneath one of the Warden's peaks.  Don't do this, Kashus.  You're gonna risk your life just to get there a few days earlier?"
"Have you ever taken the Rim?" Garven asked Tharigan.  "It's not an easy trek, I'll give you that.  But you can make the trip, even in the winter, if you know what you're doing.  I've done it before, and so has Kashus."
"The storm is coming," Tharigan said simply, pointing to the west, where the clouds were darkest.  "You want to try the Rim in the middle of a blizzard?"
"All the more reason for us to hurry," Kashus said.  He seemed like he was itching to get going right that moment.  "Now, who else is coming with us?"
The other Red Guards all declined, each of them agreeing with Tharigan that the trip was too dangerous and not worth the effort to just gain two days of time.  That left just Garven and Brannock.  Kashus wasn't worried about it.  In fact, Sasha got the impression that he preferred to have most of them continue on with the civilians.  It occurred to her that the fewer of them traveled the Rim, the fewer losses if they met with disaster.
She had never journeyed across the Rim, but she knew that her father had traveled it at least twice when he was a young adventurer.  It was not a trip for the faint of heart.  The winding path, if could even be called a path, crept right along the edge of terrifyingly steep rock faces, and an unwary traveler could find himself losing his balance in the wind and falling to his death hundreds of feet below.  The Rim was really little more than a rocky lip above a series of sheer drops, with cracks and missing sections that reduced the width of the path to just a few feet.  Other sections reached across connecting ridges and rocky slopes that were fully exposed to the wind and the elements.  One wrong step could take you tumbling off a ridge and down to certain death.
The Rim was for adventure-seekers and travelers who wished to avoid the main length of the Hale Road for whatever reason.  Sasha hadn't thought of it before, but she now realized that Fort Wardenhall was actually located on a section of the Hale Road that couldn't be avoided by taking the Rim.  That must have been intentional.  After all, it didn't make sense to build a fort on the road if anyone could just take a shortcut around it.  But the Warden's Rim was only accessible at a few locations, and even those who dared to travel it had to use the Hale Road in a few places like everyone else.
"What about you, Sasha?" Kashus asked.
She was taken aback, surprised that he asked her.  "Me?  You want me to take the Rim with you?"
"That's why I asked you to come over here.  I'll understand if you don't want to."
"Why would I?" she asked.  "I mean, do you want me to come with you?"
Kashus gave a her a calm look and then spread his hands in a gesture of appeasement.  "It's up to you, but I wasn't lying when I said that people will flock to you when you return to Aushara.  If you don't believe me, ask these men here.  They'll tell you the same thing."
Sasha looked back at Garven questioningly.  He nodded with Kashus' words.  "Your father was a hero, Sasha, and his death made him a martyr.  And everyone who knows about your father knows about you too.  You're almost as much of a hero as he is, to be honest."
"Are you serious?" she asked, feeling overwhelmed.
He nodded sagely.  "Alvorus Steelwind is popular and he has strong support in Aushara, but many of our people have long memories, and they remember what happened the last time we attempted a rebellion.  Kashus already told you that many people don't trust him, so his support of Steelwind has caused some concern.  But if you were to come forward and give your support to Steelwind ..."  He let the sentence hang and then just gave a shrug of his shoulders.
Kashus was still watching her intently.  "Like I said, the sooner we arrive in Long Hearth, the sooner we can get some important information to Steelwind.  If you came with me, it would make a huge difference in rallying the support of the people."
"That puts a lot of pressure on me."
"I apologize," he said, but there was little apology in his voice.  "But we are in a very fragile position right now.  If we've lost the other forts like I suspect we have, then our entire strategy has been blown to the winds.  We're not going to get another chance at this.  If Verdana pulls itself together and rallies against us, the entire rebellion could fall apart."
"And I can make that much difference?" Sasha asked incredulously.
She studied the looks on their faces, and saw that they believed it.  Before, she thought Kashus exaggerated her fame back in Aushara, but now she wondered if he stretched the truth at all.  After her real identity was revealed, she went out of her way to avoid people at the fort, so she didn't really know what they thought about her.  And then in the sudden panic of their escape and the weary trudge of their long march north, there was no time to wonder about what Kashus told her.  But now that she was actually sitting in a group of loyal Aushar warriors who raised a rebellion of their own, she saw the respect and admiration in their eyes.
Not for her, but for Orden.  In her years in prison, she foolishly let her father's memory fade away out of regret and guilt, and she supposed that the people of Aushara did the same.  But maybe that wasn't the case.  If they still remembered her father, then maybe Kashus was right about her.  Maybe she could swing the people in his favor.
She turned to look at Arick, who was watching her nervously.  "Sasha, please don't tell me you're considering it," he said.  "The Rim is way too dangerous.  I've had to pull you out of the snow a few times already because you lost your footing, and this is easy going so far.  The Rim is far worse than this, and one misstep could kill you."
Sasha ran her hand through her hair thoughtfully and then turned back to Kashus.  "When are you leaving?  How much time do I have to think about this?"
Kashus pointed over his shoulder.  "The crossing is right there.  I'll give you two minutes to make up your mind, and then we're heading out."
He stood up, brushed snow from his knees, and gestured to the civilians, who had mostly caught their breath and looked like they were able to get moving again.  "Tharigan, go tell them we're leaving in a minute.  You'll be in charge after I leave.  Get them safely to Keshard and then get back to Long Hearth as soon as you can."
"I will," Tharigan said as he stood up.  "Good luck, Kashus.  May the Warden protect you."
"May the Warden protect all of us," Kashus said.
As everyone moved away, Sasha and Arick were momentarily left alone.  Sasha crawled over and knelt in the snow in front of him, setting her hands on her thighs.  He looked back at her warily, his emotions balancing between frustration and worry.
"I want to do this," she said, looking in his eyes.
"But why?" Arick persisted.  "It's crazy, you don't have to do it.  Just come along with the rest of us and we'll get to Long Hearth in a few days.  Why would you want to do something as risky as taking the Rim in a snowstorm?"
It was hard to explain, but she took a moment to think about it and then said softly, "You know, when I was a girl, I never really thought that I lived up to my father's expectations.  He never told me that, but I always felt like I should have been stronger, I should have been a better student, I should have made a better life for myself.  My father was larger than life.  It's hard for me to even describe what he was like.  But I always wanted to make him proud of me."
"I'm sure he was," Arick said gently.
"But I failed him," Sasha said, looking at Arick intensely.  "And I failed myself.  Ever since he died, I've felt like ? like I was lost, do you understand?  I spent my whole life trying to live up to his expectations, and then after he died I had nothing left."
She paused, unsure how to tell him what she was feeling.  He didn't say anything, he waited for her to continue, and reached out to hold her hand.  
"Ever since I escaped from Dandrakan," she said softly, as if only speaking to herself, "I've felt like the Warden was leading me.  I was at the mercy of the hurricane and he saved me, and led me to shore.  He brought me right to those raiders I found, and that's how I got Dusty and that's what led me all the way to Arawend."
"And that's when you met me," Arick said.
"Yes, exactly," she said eagerly.  "There's no other way to explain it, is there?  The Warden brought me right to Arawend, and right to you.  And we came to Fort Wardenhall and the Warden brought me right back to Kashus, a person that I wanted to kill.  I have to believe the Warden did all of this for a reason, Arick.  It doesn't make any sense otherwise."
Arick nodded slowly, studying her face.  "So you think that the Warden wants you to go with Kashus across the Rim?  Is that what you're trying to say?"
"Yes.  The Warden has led me all the way here, and I have to keep following where he wants me to go.  It just feels like this is what I'm supposed to do."
"I never marked you as being very religious," Arick said with a gentle, mocking smile.
"Me neither," Sasha said, smiling back.  "But I've gone this far.  And if Kashus says that I can inspire our people back home, then I believe him.  If I don't go with him to help any way that I can, I'll feel like I've let my father down again.  I know that sounds stupid, but ..."
"It's not stupid," Arick said.  "Maybe the Warden is watching out for you.  I don't know, I've never put much faith in that sort of thing.  But if you go with Kashus, you know that I'm coming with you."
"Arick, you don't have to -"
He quickly reached up to touch her lips and shushed her into silence.  "You're not going to talk me out of it," he said firmly.  "If the Warden is leading you then that means he led you to me, and that means I'm coming with you.  Even if I do think the whole thing is crazy."
He lowered his hand, and Sasha could not hold back a smile.  For just the moment, she felt like the two of them were alone out there.  They were just two people out together in the mountains, sharing a special day with each other.  She was glad that Arick was there with her.  She realized it would have been harder for her to keep going if he wasn't there to help, and she felt much better about going along the Rim now that Arick was coming along as well.
"Thank you," she whispered.
"A few days ago, you asked me if I loved you," he said, leaning forward.  "I said I didn't know you well enough to love you.  Remember that?"
"Yes, I do," she answered, as he took both her hands in his.
"I still don't know you very well.  But I do love you."
"I love you, too."
They kissed hesitantly at first, and Sasha ran her hand along the side of Arick's face.  She giggled as they pulled away, and said, "You need a shave.  The stubble on your chin tickles."
"I'll take care of that as soon as I can," he said with a grin.
She kissed him again, and then they were interrupted by Garven Silverhorn, who stood nearby and cleared his throat loudly, folding his hands behind his back and politely looking away.
"It's time to go," he said.  "Kashus wants to get to the Windpeak Camp before nightfall."
"We're coming," Sasha said.
Chapter Thirty-Four
The Warden's Rim

Sasha briefly ran to say goodbye to her other friends before they left.  She gave Darl a big hug and a quick friendly kiss on the cheek, which surprised him.
"For luck," she said, grasping his hand.  "I might be gone by the time you get to Long Hearth, so I don't know when I'll see you again."
"Good luck to you too, Sasha," Darl said sincerely.  "Please be careful."
"I'm always careful," she said lightly, and hugged him once more.  
She went off and found Dravina, Polla, Alaster, and Samily already heading out.  She said farewell to them as well, embracing them quickly, even giving Alaster a quick hug.
"Take care, Miss Snowfire," he said with a nod.  "It's been an honor to meet you.  I hope to see you again in White Flame when they crown Alvorus Steelwind our new King."
"I'll be there," Sasha promised.
"Be careful, sweetheart," Samily said warmly, giving her a big hug that nearly smothered her.  "May the Warden look after you."
"So long, everyone.  Have a safe trip to Long Hearth!"
After she grabbed her pack and made a last-minute check to see if there was anything she was missing, she hurried across the snow to where Kashus and the others were already on the move.  They climbed up a steep embankment to a narrow ledge above the road, which led to a gap in two solid rock faces and down to a path leading downhill.
Sasha pushed her fingers together to make sure her gloves were on tight, and then she pulled up her hood and tied the string to draw it tight as well.  The faint rumblings of hunger were already coming from her stomach, but that could wait until later.  For now, the smart thing was to make as much distance as they could while they were still fresh and rested.  She could eat once they made camp for the night, and she expected to be starving with hunger and dead tired by that time.  They had several hours to go before night fell, and a considerable distance to cover.
The narrow path twisted between the rocks and opened up to a wide sheet of snow that extended for perhaps a hundred feet before dropping off to nothing.  Even the land was misleading here, since the last dozen feet or so before the precipice was nothing but a lip of snow hanging from the cliff edge. If she walked to the very edge, the snow would just break away under her feet and send her down to the rocks far below.
The anticipation of traversing the Rim sent adrenaline running through her veins, and she used the feeling of new energy to summon and sustain her Charm as they marched along the ridge.  The snow was falling steadily, the sky still dark with clouds.  But it wasn't a storm yet, it was only snow.  Once the wind picked up, that's when traveling would become difficult.
Garven led the group, walking out in front since he had the most experience.  Kashus and Luther followed him, and then Arick and Sasha, with Brannock bringing up the rear.  The six of them walked in silence, saving their breath for the long trek.  Kashus turned to look back over his shoulder often, as if to make sure Sasha was still there.  For now, she was able to keep her Charm going with some effort, but as the march wore on, she would not be able to keep it up.  Ahead of her, she could hear Luther huffing and puffing as well as he sustained his Charm.
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me, she prayed silently as they trudged along the slope.  I have come this far with your guidance and your strength to help me, and I believe that I am doing as you would wish of me.  All I ask is that you keep my friends safe.  Darl and Samily and Polla and all the others, please watch over them and guide them safely to their destination.  Many brave Aushar sacrificed themselves to let us escape, and I pray you will make their sacrifice worthwhile, and let those who died walk in the Halls of Ice with their ancestors.  Farakas Dragonwind, Marden Thundersky, and everyone else who died to give us a chance to get away.  
She sighed and then added some to her prayer.  I don't know what God my friend Keesa worshiped or prayed to, but I hope that she has found peace as well.  She fought for us and she was not even Aushar.  Her memory will not be forgotten.
They headed uphill, circling around the edge of one of the lower peaks of the Crown, and then walked across a steep ledge that continued along the side of one of the other peaks.  By now, they were walking in almost the completely opposite direction of the Hale Road, since the road swung to the east to the Western Hook before continuing north.  The Rim kept a more generally northward direction, but the big problem was the drastic changes in elevation as well as the narrow path.  Some parts dropped down quickly to short connecting ridges, before going straight back up, meaning they would have to climb some fairly steep inclines thought the deep snow.
After two hours, Sasha was exhausted and weary to the bone.  Her Charm lost its edge and she was sinking regularly up to her knees in the snow, which made her even more tired.   Thankfully, the snow was only about that deep, since the wind sweeping across the peaks kept it from accumulating much deeper.  Sasha wasn't the only one running low on stamina, as both Luther and even Arick were slogging through the snow rather than keeping their Charm up.  
The sky was growing dark, the snow coming down heavily.  Sasha could feel at least an inch of it stuck to the top of her hood and on her shoulders, weighing her down.  She gritted her teeth and kept walking, forcing her way through the snow, her chest heaving with each labored breath.
Off to her left was a spectacular view of the mountains, and it was shame that she didn't have time to enjoy the scenery.  The section of the Rim they were walking along looked out across the western line of peaks, and just beyond them she could make out the hazy gray expanse that was Aushara, but the sky too dark to see it clearly, and the swirling snow blocked most of the view.  On a perfectly clear day, she might have been able to look all the way to the sea from this high up.
"How much longer until we reach the camp?" she heard Kashus ask.  
Garven stopped and let himself sink into the snow.  He was covered in snow, and his beard was caked with white flakes.  Putting his hands on his hips and taking a few breaths, he answered, "Over the next peak, I think.  Another hour or so."
"We need a rest," Kashus said decisively, glancing at Luther, who seemed about to collapse.
"It will be dark soon," Garven said.  "We have less than an hour of light left."
Kashus slipped his pack from his shoulders and set it down.  "We're making good time, we can spare a few minutes," he said, kneeling down in the snow.
"If you say so," Garven said, nodding to himself.  He walked over to Luther and patted him on the shoulder in a fatherly fashion.  "How are you holding up, son?"
"I could do this all day," Luther said.
They all got a good laugh out of it and sat down to catch their breath.  Sasha flopped down into the snow, panting heavily for breath.  Her face stung with the cold, but other than that she felt nice and warm from the exertion.  She fumbled with her pack to pull out something to munch on.  Her thighs and calves were painfully sore from the walking and constant work of keeping her Charm active, so she carefully tried to stretch her legs out.
They all seated themselves against the rock face, looking out across the mountains.  In their tired state, none of them wanted to risk sitting too close to the edge.  It would be easy for someone to lose their balance and go over.
Brannock took a seat beside them and fished a small metal flask out of his pocket.  He took a sip and then handed it over to Arick.  "Want a shot to warm you up?" he asked.
Arick took it gladly and took a quick drink and then passed it to Sasha, who did the same.  It was strong spiced mead, which succeeded in giving her a kick even though it was ice cold.  There was only a little bit left, so Brannock sighed and finished it off.
"And now the real hard part begins," he muttered as he tucked the flask away in his pack.
"Now that you have nothing to drink?" Sasha asked.
"Truly, it is a shame," Brannock said sadly.
For a few moments, they just sat and caught their breath.  The snow came down constantly, and in just a few minutes, Sasha's outstretched legs were covered in a thin layer of snow.  It came down so heavily that it was like a haze in the air.  Sasha was exhausted, but she felt good about the trip so far.  She hoped Garven's estimate was accurate and that they would reach the campsite in about an hour.  She didn't know if she could go much longer than that before she got too tired to continue marching through the snow.  She quietly chewed on some stale bread.
Brannock took out a stick of dried meat and took a bite out of it, chewing thoughtfully.  "You know, I never got to meet your father," he said conversationally.  "I was a city guard in White Flame back in those days.  When Blackmane died, the city was almost out of control, so I stayed to try to keep order, even though I wanted to go and join your father's army."
"You should be glad you didn't," Sasha said quietly.
He nodded and wiped his hand across his snow-flecked mustache.  "I remember when we first got the news that he was defeated, and that the Emperor's Legion was going to march straight into White Flame.  We were in shock, all right.  I mean we couldn't even believe it.  Many of us really thought that the Snow Wolf was going to smash the Verdans and push them right back into the sea."
Sasha didn't have anything to say to that, so she said nothing.  She never really thought about the immediate aftermath of the battle, and how the people in Aushara took the news that her father's rebellion failed so miserably.  At the time, she had her own problems to worry about, and now, it seemed irrelevant.
"I deserted the city guard the day Olrian Helmbreaker entered the city," Brannock said.  "I knew our days were numbered.  The city wouldn't be safe for people who openly supported the rebellion.  That was before the Delegation even came to power."
Sasha looked over toward Kashus, who was talking with Garven.  She kept her eye on him and said, "I'm still surprised that you and the others follow Kashus.  I never imagined that he would still be involved in any rebellion, after what happened last time.  I'm surprised that anyone trusts him."
"Some don't," Brannock said.  "The people who returned home after your father died spread the news that Kashus betrayed them, and there were quite a few who wanted him dead.  But the soldiers who fought for Kashus, the ones under his command, backed up his version of events, about the secondary force and all that.  Most of the warriors in Aushara don't particularly like Kashus, but they understand that he didn't have much choice."
"What about you?"
Brannock gave a noncommittal shrug.  "Kashus is a haunted man, haunted by his mistakes and by your father's death.  He won't show it now, because we need him to be strong.  But he's not the man he used to be.  I believe that he's trying to make amends for that one terrible decision he had to make."
I know what that feels like, Sasha thought.  I'm not the same person I was either.  And maybe I'm seeking a little redemption as well.
She reached over and set her hand on Arick's arm and brushed some of the snow off his jacket so she could rest her head on his shoulder.  "What about you?" she asked with a grin.  "Why are you involved in all of this?"
"For the same reason men always do crazy things like this," he said, putting his arm around her.  "I'm trying to impress a woman in the hopes of getting her into bed with me."
"Oh?  And here I thought you might have some more noble goal in mind."
He smiled back and leaned in close so their their faces were just inches away.  She could feel his warm breath on her face and it felt good.  "I'm doing this for a woman, and that's the most noble goal there is."
"That's very true," Sasha whispered as they held hands and cuddled against each other.  "You're not just trying to protect me though, are you?"
"I've seen you fight," he said.  "You don't need my protection.  If we run into any trouble, you'll be the one protecting me."
She laughed, and was about to reply when Kashus stood up and brushed the snow from his legs.  He reached down to pick up his pack and knocked snow loose from it as well.  Glancing up into the sky, he said, "All right, we better get moving.  We can get plenty of rest once we reach Windpeak.  The sooner we get there, the better."
Sasha sighed and looked back at Arick, who could only give her a lopsided grin as he got to his feet.  He reached down and pulled Sasha up as well, and then it was time to get going again.  In the few minutes they'd rested, the sky grew a bit darker, and the snow seemed to get heavier each minute.  So they moved off and tried to keep their spirits up with the knowledge that they only had a little farther to go before they could rest again.
However, Garven's estimate of an hour was a little short.  They trudged up and down another steep series of inclines and around the side of another peak, getting dumped on with snow the entire time, and after an hour they were still some distance away from their destination.
Sasha leaned over and put her hands on her knees, her breath billowing out in white clouds.  They were all covered in thick, heavy snow that clung to their clothing.  They abandoned their Charms and just stomped through the snow.  Garven, Brannock, Kashus, and Arick took turns in the front of the group to be the first one to walk through the fresh snow, while Luther and Sasha remained in the back because they were having the most trouble.  If anything, Luther seemed even more exhausted than Sasha was, but he tried to sustain his Charm for far longer, and she could see how hard it was for him to keep going.  But the young man didn't complain at all, even though Garven let them stop briefly a few times, for Luther's benefit.
"We're almost there," she heard Kashus announce from the front of the group.
It was very dark now, but there as still just a little bit of light left, just enough for Sasha to see where she was walking.  She squinted to see ahead of them, but could not make out anything beyond the swirling wall of gray in front of her.  Walking in the footprints of the people in front of her made it much easier, but she was still weary and tired from walking for so long.  They had been on the move most of the day now, and desperately needed some rest.
After another half hour of walking along the narrow ridge, the path finally opened up and they found themselves in a bowl-shaped area underneath a large outcropping of rock that rose above them like a huge signpost.  It was not a cave, but the rock provided some protection from the elements, and the space was enough for all of them to lay out without anyone having to get too close to the cliff edge.
"Welcome to Windpeak Camp," Garven said tiredly, dropping his pack and walking to the center of the area, sweeping away snow with his foot.
"Not much of a camp," Arick said as he looked around.  "But I'll take it."
"Let's get this snow out of here and get a fire going," Kashus ordered.
They each chose a space and began to remove as much snow as they could without the benefit of shovels.  They brushed and kicked snow away tiredly, working in almost complete darkness, until most of the camp area was clear.  Underneath the carpet of snow they found a central fire pit and some old cut sections of a log that served as seats around the fire.  Garven dug into the snow drifts against the rocks and found a crevice where some firewood was stashed, and he carried it out to dump it in the fire pit.
"Oh, praise the Warden," Sasha muttered.  "I really wondered what we were going to light a fire with.  Someone left that here in case of an emergency?"
"Yes," Garven said as he crouched down to arrange the firewood into a neat pile.  "Travelers bring it with them during the warm seasons and pack away any extra for people to use." 
He pulled off his gloves and rubbed his hands together briskly, and then reached into the wood to snap his fingers, a burst of flame popping out.  It took a few tries but eventually the wood caught the flames.  The fire seemed a flimsy, pathetic thing in the middle of the blizzard, but it was a fire just the same and Sasha was eager to warm her hands beside it.
Brannock had planned ahead and brought a metal pot with him, so they stuffed it with snow and set it over the fire to boil some water.  They each had provisions in their packs to eat, but they didn't have anything to make a suitable stew with, so they would just have their meal with some hot water to wash it down and hopefully warm them up a bit.  For the most part, they ate silently, too tired and weary to have a conversation.  The snow continued to dump all around them, falling as heavily as Sasha had ever seen it.  She still couldn't believe so much snow could fall this early in the season.  It wasn't even midwinter yet, and there seemed to be no end to the snow.  She wondered if the rest of Aushara had weather like this.
They unrolled their blankets and furs, and curled up for the night.  Luther took the spot close to the fire, while Kashus, Brannock, and Garven arranged themselves in a semi-circle on the other side, bundling up with the few blankets stuffed in their packs.  Along with the fire, they would stay warm enough, despite the cold and the snow.
Sasha and Arick combined their blankets and lay down with each other a bit farther from the fire.  Garven gave a little shake of his head, and even a bit of a smile, when he saw them curled up together underneath their blankets.  Nobody else seemed to notice or care.
Even though she was exhausted from the long march across the Rim, Sasha lay there for a few minutes and found herself strangely unable to sleep.  Arick was pressed close to her, his arm around her waist, and she could feel his warmth against her back.  She sighed and closed her eyes, feeling safe and secure, as the crackling campfire cast a flickering orange light over the six of them.
After laying in silence for another minute, she felt Arick's arm reach up to gently brush her hair away from her face. "What are you thinking about?" he asked softly, as the snow very slowly began to bury them under the blankets
"I'm just thinking about the future," she said.  "What's going to happen after all of this is over.  If it will ever really be over."
"What do you want to happen?"
I don't want to be a soldier or a warrior anymore, and I surely don't want to be some kind of symbol.  I thought I could come back to Aushara and escape from all of that, escape from my background and my history, escape my father's memory.  Turns out that's harder than I thought it would be.  Here I am, stuck right back into the middle of things.  This isn't what I wanted at all.
But instead of saying that, she rolled over so that she was facing him, and edged closer, putting her arms around him.  She brought her face close to his and said, "I just want a normal life.  I've had enough excitement already."
"Time to settle down?"
"Yes, I think so."
"Have a nice little house somewhere?  Maybe a few beautiful kids?"
She chuckled at the thought of kids running around, and she hoped they wouldn't be as wild and stubborn as she was when she was that age.  "Maybe," she murmured into Arick's ear.  "It does sound very tempting."
"What a coincidence," he said, "I would love to have a life like that too."
"I thought you liked working as a fighter and all that?"
"Well, like you said, I think I've had enough excitement in my life already.  I think it's time to settle down.  As soon as I meet the right woman, of course."
"Oh, of course."
"Do you know any women that might be interested in a guy like me?"
"I can think of one or two," Sasha said with a giggle.  She pressed her lips to his and he held her tight, kissing her deeply.  She let herself slip away and let out a long sigh, running her hands through his hair.   Arick's hand slid around her arm and he placed it against her chest very lightly.  It was the first time he had really touched her like that.  Her heart was beating strongly and she was sure he could feel it even through her thick jacket.  She put her hands on his and held it against her, smiling at him.
"It's a shame that we don't have more privacy," she breathed.
"They're probably already asleep," Arick said with a smirk.  "And if they aren't, we could always move a bit farther away."
She smiled and planted a kiss on his chin.  "Sorry, but not tonight.  I think we'll just have to wait a little bit longer for the right time."
"You're right.  Right now isn't a very good time for anything."
"Yeah," she said, snuggling against him.  "Things were going pretty good for us, weren't they?  And then everything went wrong all at once."
"But here we are, still together."
"Thank the Warden for that.  How did we ever find each other like this?  When I first met you back in Arawend, I thought you were nothing but an arrogant, macho jerk."
"And I thought you were some innocent little girl who couldn't take care of herself.  See how wrong we both were?"
She looked up at him and gently caressed the side of his face.  Under the darkness of the blankets, she could just make out the reflection of the fire shining in his brown eyes.  "I do think the Warden brought us together.  Just like he brought me here.  He brought me to you as well."
They embraced and kissed passionately, and fell asleep in each others' arms.
Chapter Thirty-Five
Snowstorm at the Top of the World

Sasha awoke to the sound of wind howling above her.  She lifted the edge of their blanket and a tiny avalanche of snow poured in.  She squinted against the bright light and pushed the blankets away to find herself full in the middle of a blowing snowstorm.  Arick groaned in annoyance and tried to pull the blankets back over his face, and Sasha crawled free, shielding her face with her hand against the blowing snow.  She winced in pain when she stood up, her legs cramped and aching.  She didn't know how early it was, but the sun was up so it must have been mid-morning at least.
The campfire sputtered weakly, sending out nothing but a thin wisp of smoke.  Sasha stumbled over to the fire but she didn't think she could get it going again.  She saw two large lumps near the fire under the sheet of snow, and she gave each of them a shake.  One of them rustled and sat up to reveal Brannock, who shook his head and looked into the blowing snow with a disapproving look.  The other lump was Luther, who lifted his blankets and then quickly pulled them back over his face when he saw the weather.
"Where's Kashus?" Brannock asked as he got to his feet, his beard flapping like a banner.
"I don't know, he isn't here."
"Damn this snow.  This isn't good."
"Tell me about it."
She had to empty her bladder, so she hurried off to the rear side of the camp area and quickly did her business, nearly freezing her backside off in the process.  By the time she got back, Arick was already awake and rolling up their blankets.  Sasha helped him pack everything back up and get it stuffed back in their packs.  Luther reluctantly crawled out of the snow and got to his feet unsteadily, blinking sleepily and turning so that he faced away from the blowing snow.
"Where's my father?" he asked.
"With Kashus, I think," Brannock replied.  "They must have decided to scout ahead a bit."
Arick looked off into the haze of snow and muttered, "Probably trying to figure out if there's even a chance we can keep following the Rim in this."
"Do you think we can?" Sasha asked.
Arick glanced back at her and shook his head.  "It doesn't look good."
Brannock retrieved some more firewood from the crevice in the rocks, but then seemed to change his mind when he brought it over and dumped it on the ground.  The wind was too strong, and it would take them forever to even boil some water.  Sasha didn't think they would be staying here much longer anyway, so using up more of the firewood seemed like a waste.
They all packed up their things and put the extra firewood back.  Sasha kicked snow over the fire to put it out completely, and ate the rest of her rations, figuring that she would need the energy for the march to come.
When Kashus and Garven came back to the camp a few minutes later, Sasha knew what they were going to say before they even said it.  It would have taken a total avalanche blocking their path to convince Kashus to turn back now.
"Is everyone ready?  We should get moving," he said simply.
Arick looked concerned, and glanced over at Sasha, as if to see what she was thinking.  Beside them stood Luther, who still looked exhausted.  He managed to make it through the long trek the day before, but Sasha didn't think Luther would be able to do something like that today.  By the look in his eyes, he was not looking forward to it, but was afraid to say anything in front of his father.
"How bad is it out there?" Sasha asked, since no one else was willing to.  "It's snowing pretty hard, Kashus.  You think maybe we should wait to see if it clears up?"
"It won't clear up," Kashus said, shaking his head.  "The storm reaches all the way to the north end of the Rim."
"We knew the weather would be bad when we first started up here," Brannock said.  "This isn't some big surprise."
Garven walked over to Luther.  "Besides," he said, "the storm is moving southward, and we won't be able to outrun it.  If we turn around and head back the way we came, we'll face the storm that way too.  So we might as well stick with the plan."
"All right," Sasha said.  "I'm not going to argue, I was wanted to know."
"What do you think, Luther?" Garven asked, putting his hand on his son's shoulder.
"I'll be okay," Luther said hesitantly.  "But I don't think I'll be able to keep up with the rest of you.  I don't think I can summon my Charms.  I tried to use one a few minutes ago and it made my head hurt.  I'll have to walk without them."
"You overexerted yourself yesterday, that's all," Garven said.  "It happens sometimes, you'll just have to be careful."
"Don't worry about falling behind," Kashus said diplomatically.  "I think all of us will be moving slowly today.  That's why I want to get moving right now.  We made good time yesterday, so should be able to reach the split by nightfall, and then we can follow the road to Long Hearth even in the dark."
Sasha moved closer to Arick and tugged on the straps of her backpack to make sure they were tight.  She felt good at the moment, but she didn't think it would last long.  Trudging through knee-deep snow in the middle of this blizzard would sap the strength right out of her, but she didn't feel like she would be the only one.  The only two members of their group that seemed capable of navigating the Rim in this weather were Brannock and Garven.  Even Kashus looked tired and haggard this morning, and Arick didn't seem enthusiastic about it either.
"What do you think?" she asked him.
"It's going to be a long day," he said softly.
She tried to give him a smile.  "Regretting your decision to come with me?"
"Of course not," he said, smiling back.
But his posture and the tone of his voice told her a different story.  He sounded like that the last few days before their arrival at Wardenhall, when they were pushed to the end of their endurance.  And they rode horses that time.  Now, they were on foot, traversing an already-dangerous mountain trail, and they weren't fully recharged after a full night of sleep.  He was right, it was going to a long day.
She put his hand in hers and squeezed, feeling the warmth of his touch even through the gloves that they both wore.  "It will be okay," she promised.  "We can make it together.  If you get too tired to keep going, just let me know and I'll carry you."
"Okay.  I'm too tired to go on right now."
Sasha held out her arms.  "Okay, hop in and I'll carry you the whole way."
They both had a good laugh, and the humor relieved their mood.  They walked off to the edge of the camp and followed Brannock, who took the lead.  Kashus followed closely behind them, with Garven and Luther in the back.
Kashus and Garven had already made a path through the snow leading away from camp, making the way easier at first.  The snow swirled and flew around them, the wind sweeping along the ridge to blow it right into their faces.  Sasha tied her hood tightly, leaving just a narrow slit around her eyes open, and the others did the same.  Once they passed around the edge of the rockface, the area opened up, revealing the true intensity of the storm.
The churning mass of white snow coming down on them was awe-inspiring in its power and magnitude.  The entire sky, from horizon to horizon, seemed to be full of blowing snow, and the clouds obscured the sun so that Sasha still didn't even know where it was in the sky.  Everything around her roiled and swirled with snow, and if it wasn't for Brannock in front leading the way, she wouldn't even be able to figure out where the actual Rim was.
After awhile, time seemed to stop, and the world consisted of nothing but the space in front of her as she placed her feet down into the tracks made by Brannock and Arick.  On either side of her, she could see nothing but snow.  She just focused on keeping her stamina up and not using up too much energy summoning her Charms.  She activated her warmth Charm a few times when the cold was at its worst, but she kept it to a minimum, preferring to reserve as much energy as she could for the task of just walking through the snow.
They traded places a few times to give the people in front some time to relax, and Sasha walked in front of the group for a little while, with Kashus behind her to give directions.  When they walked along a ledge against one of the peaks, the going was easier, but when they crossed along a narrow ridge, Sasha lost her bearings and needed someone to keep her walking in the right direction.  If she moved a few feet too far to the left or right, she might walk right off the top of the ridge and fall down the slope.  If that happened, she might survive such a tumble, but she would never be able to climb back up.
They stopped briefly a few times so Luther could catch his breath.  Thankfully, Arick brought extra rations, and he shared some with Sasha and Luther.  Brannock took the opportunity to wish out loud that he had some mead to drink.
And then they were back on the move again, trudging through the snow in a tight line.  Arick and Garven took the lead, with Luther in the middle walking closely behind his father, and then Kashus and Sasha in the rear.
"How are you doing, Kashus?" Sasha asked wearily.
"Fine," he grunted.  "I'm surprised you care."
"I don't care about you, but if you don't make it then this whole trip was for nothing."
"I'll make it, don't worry.  You seem to be holding up all right."
"I have to admit, I've been better."
Spending the last day with Kashus made her want to talk more with him, to ask him more questions, to perhaps get to know him a little better.  Now was not the time, but when they arrived in Long Hearth, she wanted to find the time to having a longer conversation with him.  For the time being, she chose to ignore their history together in order to join forces to help their homeland.  But in the back of her mind, she still had trouble accepting it.
Maybe I should save my hatred for the man who actually killed my father.  Kashus might have betrayed him, but Olrian Helmbreaker is the man who actually held the sword.
At some point, Sasha lifted her head when she realized that the sky was growing dark, and was surprised to realize that the sun was beginning to go down.  They spent the entire day on the move, only stopping a handful of times for short breaks.  Her legs were nearly numb from the cold and pain, but it could have been worse.  If she had to be honest with herself, she expected to feel far worse after such a rough day of travel.  The snow still came down heavily and the wind never let up, but somehow they avoided any major problems.
"How much farther until we meet with the road again?" she asked.
Garven, trudging along behind her, said, "We're still a few hours from the split.  It'll be dark before we get there, but once we reach the road the going will be much easier.  There's an outpost at the end of the road that's only a few leagues off.  If we keep going we'll be able to sleep in beds tonight."
"That sounds wonderful," Sasha said with a short laugh.  "You hear that, Arick?"
"I heard," he said, looking over his shoulder at her.  "And don't worry.  If there aren't enough beds for all of us, then I'll be nice and let you share mine."
"You have that backwards," she laughed.  "I'll have the bed, and if you're nice, then maybe I'll let you share it."
"That works too."
It was time to keep moving again.  They crossed around another peak, and Sasha glanced up at one point to see the tons of snow that loomed over their heads along the side of the mountain.  If there was an avalanche, they would be crushed under the weight of the snow coming down.  
She didn't look up again until they passed the ledge and crossed out into open ground again, marching across the top of a high connecting ridge that dropped off steeply on either side of them.
However slowly, they were still making good progress, and she tried to keep the thought of a warm bed in mind as they walked along the ledge.  They were getting closer to their goal, but she could not get careless because they were almost there.  She refocused her concentration and kept walking.  She was so used to the snow blowing around her that she barely noticed it.
"Let's switch around," Kashus said from up ahead.  He and Arick were at the front of the group, and it was time for someone else to take the lead.  The sky was growing dark now.
Brannock was in front of Sasha, so he stepped forward, letting Arick and Kashus walk around him so they could go to the back of the line and get a bit of relief.  As Arick walked by Sasha, she reached out and touched his arm, and he smiled back.
Behind her, Luther wavered on his feet and took a step forward.  Garven reached out to steady him, but Luther's leg suddenly went out from under him and he fell over so quickly that he didn't even have time to get his hands out under him.  He flopped sideways into the snow, and instantly began to roll over, the weight of his pack rolling him towards the steep edge.  He waved his arms in a frantic attempt to find something to grab onto.
"Luther!" Garven cried, stumbling forward.
"Grab him!" Kashus screamed.
The top of the ridge dropped off to a steep rockface covered in snow, and Luther nearly went over the edge as Sasha and Garven leapt after him.  He cried out in fear, and Sasha grabbed his flailing hand.  Garven slid farther down and pinned down his legs, and then the three of them teetered unsteadily on the edge of the drop, loose snow trickling down over the steep precipice.
"Sasha!" Arick shouted in a panic, kneeling in the snow a few yards above her.
"I'm okay!" she shouted back.  "We've got him!"
"Please don't let me go!" Luther cried.
Garven steadied himself and shouted back up to the others. "Don't come down after us!  Just stay where you are!"
"We don't bring any rope!" Brannock shouted.
"We can climb back up!  We have to go slow, that's all."  
Luther shook with fear, lying flat on his back with his head and shoulder practically hanging over the edge.
"I'm so sorry, dad, I just lost my footing, I'm so sorry -"
"It's okay," Garven said calmly, "I've got you.  Don't move too fast now.  Be careful and try to sit up."
"I don't think I can," Luther said, trying to keep his voice under control.
"Unhook your pack.  Just let it fall, we'll do without it."
Luther used his free hand to undo the buckles on his pack, and let it slip from his shoulders.  He reached out his hand and Garven very carefully took it, helping him sit up.  Underneath them, Sasha could feel the surface sheet of snow beginning to slide closer to the edge.  They didn't have time to wait, they had to get back up before the snow broke free and slid right off the top of the ridge, taking them with it.
"Now, let's very carefully go back up," Garven said, his voice almost impossibly calm.
"The snow is moving," Sasha said, her voice tight.
"I know.  Just relax, and don't panic."
Sasha laid on her stomach, her head facing downhill, and she very carefully pushed herself up and then maneuvered herself around to face the other direction.  Luther managed to get onto his hands and knees, and began to crawl up the slope, with Garven right behind him.  Sasha blinked away snow in her eyes and tried to follow, but the sheet of snow began to break away, and she felt it begin to inch downwards.
"Keep going," Garven said firmly.
"Come on, come on!" Brannock shouted.
"Hurry up, Sasha!" Arick pleaded, leaning far over, reaching out even though she was still much too far for him to grab.
One trembling step at a time, Luther climbed back up the slope, until Brannock was able to grab his hand and pull him up.  Garven was next, and just as he was reaching up for a hand, the snow began to break away, separating from the top of the ridge in one huge sheet, cracking apart from it like a slice of bread being pulled in half.
"Hurry!" Kashus yelled.  "Jump now!"
Garven lunged forward and Brannock grabbed his arm.  Sasha scrambled up as the sheet broke away, and Arick leaped after her, with Kashus grabbing his legs.  With the sound of cracking ice, the snow broke free and slid down the rocky slope in a small avalanche, and Sasha leaped in the midst of a wall of snow washing over her, desperately reaching for Arick's hand.
Their hands touched and his fingers grabbed her, catching her as the ground gave way.  She fell down and hit the rocky surface, snow blinding her, and tried to grab for a handhold, but the rock was slick with ice and there was nothing for her to hold onto.
"I've got you!" Arick cried out in a strained voice.  He dangled over the edge of the snow, with Kashus and Garven holding his legs, as he stretched out to keep his hold on her hand.  "Come on, climb up!  Don't let go!"
"I can't!" she cried, trying to find footing.
Arick tried to pull her up with both hands, but he didn't have enough strength left.  Sasha tried to grab with her other hand, but she was too off-balance and could not keep a hand on him.  He gripped her hand as tight as he could, but her glove began to slide off her hand.  She managed to grab his sleeve with her other hand, but she knew she couldn't hold on for long.
She stared up helplessly at Arick, feeling herself slip away.
"Arick ..." she whispered.  "Please ? I'm sorry ? I can't hold on ..."
"No!" he shouted.  "Climb up!"
"I can't, I'm not strong enough!"  She clenched her teeth and tried to lift herself up, but it was no use.  She didn't have the strength to climb up on her own.  Her strength was drained by the long walk all day through the blizzard, leaving her too weak to hold on.
"Pull me up!" Arick shouted.
Kashus and Garven held his legs, but Sasha saw more snow breaking loose and tumbling down around them.  They could hold him, but if they tried to dig in and pull him up, they would only succeed in breaking away the rest of the snow and probably lose Arick in the process.  Kashus's face was twisted in torment, looking on with horror at what was about to happen.
"We can't pull both of you up," Garven said.  "I'm sorry, but you have to try harder!"
"I can't," Sasha said weakly, looking into Arick's eyes.
"Don't do this to me ..." he whispered.
Her hand started to slip out of the glove, despite Arick's grip on her hand.  She reached up once more and made another attempt to lift herself up, but it wasn't enough.  She could feel her hand slipping out of Arick's grasp.
"I love you," she said, feeling tears roll down her cheeks.
"Sasha!"
Her hand slipped out of the glove and she fell.
Her face smacked against the icy rocks as she slid wildly down the slope, hopelessly grabbing for purchase.  She could hear Arick screaming her name as she went over the edge and flew out into darkness.
Chapter Thirty-Six
Children of the Land

She landed on her feet on the steep rockface twenty feet below the edge and immediately tumbled over backward with a wave of snow coming down after her.  All she could see was a whirling surface of white, the sound of rushing wind and her own muffled impacts pounding in her ears.  The mountainside was coated with snow, softening her landing as she tumbled down, completely out of control, arms and legs flailing madly in an attempt to steady herself.
She cartwheeled down like a limp doll, crashing through the deep snow and gaining speed as she fell.  Her backpack was ripped away from her and went sailing off, and her hood fell down so that her face was packed with snow.  Her scabbard stuck into the snow, jamming the hilt painfully into her hip, and then ripped away from her belt.  She couldn't control her mad descent down the side of the mountain so she didn't try, focusing her energy on remaining conscious.  Her body crashed into the snow and then spun free to crash down once more, the world spinning around her.  She snatched gasps of breath in between mouthfuls of snow.
On and on she tumbled until she lost consciousness, the constant spin of the world around her too much to handle.  Her body flipped and rolled down and finally slid across the surface as she neared the bottom, kicking up a spray of snow that showered in her wake.
When she came to, she was lost in darkness.  Snow pressed against her face, suffocating her.  Upside down, she struggled against the hard-packed snow, which held her body like a vice.  She punched and kicked her way free and fell onto her side, managing to crawl free from the snow that buried her.  The blood had rushed to her head and pounded painfully in her skull.  She felt dizzy and nauseous, and rested on her hands and knees in the deep snow, trying to steady her breath and keep from throwing up what little remained in her stomach.  Her arms and legs ached from her descent down the slope, the muscles strained and sore, but she didn't feel any broken bones or serious damage.
All around her was blowing snow and hazy darkness.  In the shadow of the mountain, there was little light to see by, and the snow and wind whipped at her, forcing her to pull her hood back up and tie it tight.  She summoned a Charm for heat and shivered as the fleeting sense of warmth crept into her freezing body.
I'm alive.  How am I still alive?
She tilted her head back and looked up at the looming mountainside above her.  How far had she fallen?  Five hundred feet?  Six hundred?  She couldn't even tell from her vantage point.  In fact, she couldn't even see where she fell from.  The mountainside swept up above her, filling her vision, but she couldn't make out exactly where the Rim was.  Messy tracks in the snow marked her chaotic descent, but they became invisible halfway up the slope, blurred by the blowing snow and wind, and she couldn't see where they began.
I can't believe I'm still alive.  It must be some kind of miracle.  Her heart pounded in her chest, and her breathing was fast and uneven, as the shock and terror of her fall finally began to sink in.  
I'm only alive because I fell from the ridge where the slope was shallow enough to break my fall and let me roll down the side of the mountain, instead of just falling to my death.  Even so, it must be a miracle that I survived falling that distance.  I could have broken my neck, I could have struck my head on the rocks.  I should be dead right now.
Numbly, she touched her face with her bare hand, and flakes of dried blood came away on her fingers.  She struck her face on the rocks and cut herself just as she fell.
It doesn't matter now.  I'm alive, and that's more than enough.  All I have to do now is figure out a way to get to safety.  I have to get out of the middle of this snowstorm.
She wrapped her arms around herself and huddled against the bitter cold, trying to figure out where Arick and the others might be.  Were they looking for her?  She didn't even know how long she remained unconscious.  Had they already moved on?
She closed her eyes, her mind flashing with the memory of Arick screaming her name as her hand slipped from his.  Her bare hand stung with the cold, so she balled it into a fist and tucked it into a pocket.  Another brief rush of heat came from her warmth Charm, but it wasn't enough.
She reached for her pack but it was long gone, lost in the dizzying fall.  It was probably lodged in the snow somewhere three hundred feet above her.  She didn't have any food left, but she did have extra gloves that would have come in handy.
Kneeling in the snow as the world around her swirled with snow, her heart began to sink, the realization of her situation slowly dawning on her.
There's no way I can climb back up to reach them.  I'm stuck down here.
She tried to stand, but the snow was far too deep for her to try to walk.  It was probably twelve feet deep at least, and even as she sat there it felt like it was getting deeper.  And she couldn't waste what little strength she had trying to summon a Charm to walk across the surface.  She needed that strength for her warmth Charm.
The snow was like a relentless force down here at the base of the mountain, far worse than up on the ridge, coming down in blinding waves driven by the howling wind.  She couldn't see twenty feet in front of her, and when it became fully dark, her visibility would be zero.
She tried to think.  She faced the western side of the mountain, and the sun set in the west, so she might have daylight for a little longer.  But she was already lost in the shadows of the numerous peaks all around.  Her descent took her into a steep valley in the middle of the range, and direct daylight only reached down here in the middle of the day.  Even as she considered her surroundings, the sky seemed to lose what little light remained, becoming a huge gray shroud hanging over her.
I have to find somewhere to get out of this wind.  The only thing I can do right now is try to stay warm.  I have to wait out the storm, I don't have any choice.
She tried to crawl across the surface, but her hands sank up to her elbows and her knees sank to her waist with each forward step.  All around her, she saw nothing but blurry snow whipping across the empty landscape.  There was nothing to block the wind, not a rock, not a tree, nothing but flat gray expanse.  But her visibility was so low that there might have been cave thirty feet away and she wouldn't even notice it.
Out of desperation, she tried to summon her Charm to walk on the surface.  But moving carefully on her hands and knees, she realized that she needed less strength to summon it and less concentration to sustain it.  She had never tried doing it that way, but it seemed to work, and it gave her the chance to crawl farther away from where she first dug herself free.  She managed to crawl a few yards away to where the surface of the snow was not already broken.
Once she was far enough away, she let her Charm slip, but she only sank about three inches down this time.  It was enough that she could crawl without too much difficulty, but the effort of crawling wore her out even faster than walking with her Charm.  Her bare hand stung with pain from the cold.  Before long, she risked losing her fingers to frostbite.
She panted for breath, squinting against the snow blowing in her face, and tried to look around to get her bearings, but she had no idea which way she was facing, and looking up at the peaks above was little help.  She wanted to try to crawl north, but she was so turned around she had no idea which direction that even was.
She summoned her warmth Charm again, but it lasted just a moment before the heat was sucked away by the wind.  She rested on her side and stuck her freezing hand into her jacket to try to keep it warm.  She looked helplessly out at her surroundings, but she couldn't see anything.  It was getting so dark that she might as well crawl with her eyes closed.  The only thing she could hear was the deafening rush of the wind in her face.  How long had she been crawling, just a few minutes?  
Her arms trembled with the cold, and she felt a tightness in her chest that grew until she had to gasp in pain, and winced as tears dripped down her cheeks, burning with cold.  She sobbed to herself, lost in the middle of this snow-covered wasteland.  There was no denying it:  she was going to die here.  As the tears fell and her chest was wracked with painful sobs, she prayed once more to the Ice Warden.
Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  Do not let me die here.  I have tried to follow your directions and do as would wish of me.  I thought that you were leading me somewhere.  But now I am lost and hopeless.  
I am at your mercy here in the heart of your furious storm, and I beg you to show me your kindness one more time.  You have shown me the way and protected me for so long, do not abandon me now, I beg of you.
I am ever your faithful servant ?
She blinked away the snow in her eyes and felt a rush of anger warm her face.  Gritting her teeth, she got back up and pushed forward through the rush of the storm.  She kept her bare hand tucked into her pocket, crawling with only one hand.  Her tears froze on her cheeks and she wiped them away.
The Warden is a harsh God for a harsh land.  He does not give pity and he does not show mercy to the weak.  I must ignore the cold.  I must ignore the pain.  I will find my way out of here without his help.  I am Aushar and I am not going to die here in the snow.
I must ignore the cold.  I must ignore the pain.
I am Aushar!
She crawled onward blindly through the snow, seeing nothing in front of her but flickering darkness, her limbs numb and aching with pain, her chest burning with the exertion, the cold air freezing in her lungs.  But she forced herself to keep going, ignoring the cold and the pain, repeating the words in her mind, not stopping no matter what.
I must keep going.  If I stop here, I'm going to die.  If I try to rest, I will fall asleep and freeze to death.  I am Aushar and I am not going to die here in the snow.  I welcome the Warden's fury, I embrace his power and I will not let it destroy me.
Time lost all meaning.  The world became nothing but a well of darkness swallowing her up and filling her with a cold agony that burned in her veins.  Her legs were numb, her face was frozen, her heart was filled with ice.  Visions floated in her memory, images of her father, images of Arick, images of her entire life seemed to rush by like a whirlwind in her mind.  But her body kept moving, one step at a time, one inch at a time, pushing even though she had no energy left to go on.
And when she finally had nothing left, she slumped motionless into the snow.
I am Sasha Snowfire.  I am Aushar.  I love you, Arick.  I am sorry.
There was a light ahead of her.  She lifted her head to see a dull blue glow emerge from the darkness, like a distant lantern swaying in the wind.  It seemed to come closer, shimmering and twinkling, its faint light a shining beacon in the absolute darkness which surrounded her.  Sasha blinked once, but her vision was blurred and her eyes felt as if they were frozen.
The Warden is coming for me.  This must be what death feels like.  He is bringing me to walk in the Halls of Ice with my ancestors.
But it was not the Ice Warden, it was something else.  The snow seemed to blow around it, as if it emitted some kind of magic to block the wind.  A figure emerged from the snowstorm, its body glowing light blue, its body formed from blue ice.  It was in the shape of a man, but its eyes were black and expressionless, and it stepped across the surface effortlessly.
It was one of the Icefolk.  It walked up to Sasha's prone form and gazed down at her.  She could not feel any warmth from its body of ice, but she reveled in the faint blue glow.  
It spoke to her.  Its voice was not made of sound, it was like an echo in her mind, a hazy whisper like the sound of melting snow.
Why are you here, mortal one?  What do you seek so far from your home?
Sasha could not speak, her voice was gone, so she spoke to the creature with her thoughts.  I am lost here and I do not want to die.  Please help me.
How are we to help you, mortal one?  We have no sustenance to offer you, no flame to warm your body, no shelter to protect you.  You have come here to surrender your soul to the Land.  We will stay with you if that would give you succor.  You need not die alone.
No, I want to live.  I have something I must do.
What is there for you to do?  Your mortal lives are so brief, they are but an imperceptible moment to the Land, the blink of his eternal Eye, and yet your lives are filled with such weakness and such sadness.  Why would you fight to live, when your lives are full of pain?
I want to help my people.  I want to avenge the death my friends and my family who have died to protect our land.  I want to fight for Aushara.
The Icefolk tilted its head, as if considering her thoughts.  Sasha felt a strange humming in her mind, like some kind of alien laughter.
We have known many of your kind and spoken to them in their final moments.  Many mortals have wished to live, but their answers are always the same.  They wish to stay alive for the sake of the living, those who they love and who love them.  But you wish to stay alive for the Land.  We find this interesting.
Aushara is under attack.  The people of Verdana seek to conquer us and rule us.  We must break free from their control.  I must help my people regain their freedom.
All around her, Sasha sensed movement.  She could feel the presence of more of the mysterious Icefolk, although she could not move her head to see.  At the very edges of her vision, she glimpsed the faint blue glow of their bodies as the Icefolk moved around her.  She could not tell how many, but there was more humming in the back of her mind, almost drowning out her own thoughts.
The voice of a different Icefolk came into her mind.  Yes, we know of those whom you speak.  The foreign outsiders have come in strength, as they did before.  We remember.  The ones with yellow hair, the ones from the south.  They are unwelcome, they are not of the Land.
I want to fight them, Sasha thought weakly.  My father fought them.  I would honor his memory.  I want my people to be free once more.
Your people are bound to the Land, as are we, the first Icefolk said, looking down at her as it spoke into her mind.  And the Land is bound together with us.  But the invaders are not of the Land, they are connected to the Other.  Their presence here weakens us all.  And it weakens them, even though they do not know it.
They are my enemies and I will fight them.  My only wish is to see my people become free once more.  That is all I want.
The other Icefolk said, You are not truly of this Land, we know this.  We can see into your soul, we know that you are also born from the invaders.  You walk the line between Lands, you are created from both and belong to neither.
I am Aushar! she cried.  Aushara is my home!  My true father was Verdan but that means nothing to me!  This is my home and these are my people!
The first Icefolk gazed down at her, and within the cold black eyes, Sasha felt that the creature felt sorry for her.  Look into the heart of the mortal, not just the soul.  See how this one's heart aches for the Land?  We know your history, we can see your memories.  It is true that you believe the Land to be your true home.  The Other has no hold on your heart.
I thought that ? I thought that the Warden was watching over me.  That he was protecting me.  And now I have come so far, and I am almost home.
The Land does not concern itself with your individual lives, mortal one.  The Land seeks only to give Power to mortals like you, and in return, you surrender your souls to the Land when it is time.
But what about you?  What about the Icefolk?  You live here just like we do.  Will you help us fight off the soldiers from Verdana?
We are the Children.  We do not involve ourselves in the lives of mortals.  We only speak to you now because you are so near death.
But you said the Verdans make the Land weaker.  Will you stand by and let them continue to rule over us?  What happens if the Verdans take control again, and more and more of them come north like they did before?
Then the Land will weaken further.  We know this.  But we cannot interfere with your lives, and we cannot fight the invaders.  We must leave that to the mortals.
Then save me, Sasha pleaded.  I will fight them.  My father fought them as well, and my presence will inspire many others to join our fight.  If I die here, then my people may not succeed in their fight against the invaders.
There is some truth to what you say.  We find this interesting.  It is twice now that you have given us something new to think upon.  Perhaps you are a unique to the mortal race.
The Icefolk were silent for a few moments, and Sasha could feel the buzzing in the air as their thoughts swarmed around her.  They were communicating with each other, but their thoughts were too fast and alien for her to comprehend.  Although she could no longer feel her body, her own thoughts were clear and precise.  Somehow, the presence of the Icefolk kept her mind sharp.  If they stopped exerting their will over her, she'd slip into unconsciousness once more and that would be the end.
I want to help my people, that is all I ask of you.  Do not let me die out here.  I have given my life to serve Aushara and to honor my father.  I am not asking you to fight, I am asking you to give me the chance to fight.  I will not rest until the people from Verdana are gone from the Land!  This is my home, just as it is your home!  Please save my life, so that I may fight against the invaders who weaken the Land and weaken our people!
After a time, the Icefolk spoke once more.  We cannot help you here.  As we have said, there are no flames here to warm your frozen body, and no sustenance to give you strength.  Even if we chose to help you, there is nothing we can do.  Soon, even our energies will not be enough to keep your soul from being given to the Land.
You can take me to safety.  There is a city just on the other side of the mountains, a place that my people call Long Hearth.  You can take me there.
Alas, we cannot carry you, mortal one.  You would die before we reached that place.  The only way we can go there is to Travel.  No mortal has ever Traveled before.  It would likely destroy your body.
I am going to die anyway.  I will take the chance.  If you would take me there, I would honor your memory always.  I would tell my people how you saved me.
No, mortal one, you will not.  If you survive the Travel, you will have no memories of this meeting, or any memories of us.  We would prefer to keep our ways secret from your kind.
With that, Sasha felt the Icefolk crowd around her.  They knelt down and brought their blue hands down to press upon her body.  She felt a prickling sense of heat and energy flowing into her numb skin, and it seared through her body like a paralyzing tremor of pain.  She opened her mouth to scream, but there was no sound.
And then her world went black.
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Miracle in Long Hearth

She heard someone screaming for help.  Her eyes seemed frozen shut, but she opened them up enough to see hazy spots of fire in the distance, among blurry shapes moving around her.  They were talking, but she couldn't quite understand.  She shivered and tried to struggle when they grabbed her, suddenly afraid, but her limbs wouldn't move the way she wanted.
Where am I?  What is going on? she wondered vaguely.
"By the Warden!  Get her inside!" a man shouted.  "Tell Mardie to put more wood on the fire!"
"Wherrmmi?" Sasha murmured through blue lips.
The image above her seemed to coalesce into the face of a man, someone she didn't know.  There were others around, helping carry her toward some nearby buildings.  Torches burned brightly on stakes outside, ringing the building and illuminating the area in a wavering orange light.  Sasha blinked and tried to move her arms and legs, but to no avail.  The sky was dark, but a sliver of orange sunset still glowed on the horizon.  Flurries of snow filled the air, but it was nothing like the blizzard.
"Whoarrryoo?" she muttered, her mind spinning.
"Come on," the man said, pushing open the door to the dwelling so the others could carry her inside.  "We'll have to pull off her clothes, they're covered in ice.  Mardie!  Get some more furs!  And start boiling some water!"
Sasha wanted to ask these people who they were, and where everyone else was.  Dimly, she remembered Arick leaning over her, begging her to climb.  And then she slid away from him, and his distraught face staring down as she fell from his grasp.  But her memories seemed to swim and swirl, and she couldn't clearly think of where she had just been.
She slipped back into blackness, briefly, and regained consciousness in time to see the strangers around her pulling off her clothes, which felt as if they were frozen to her skin.  She wanted to tell them to stop, and weakly tried to move her arms to grab at her jacket as they pulled it stiffly off of her and tossed it to the side.  The room smelled of smoke, and the hazy warmth felt like a numb burning on her body, like a long-forgotten sensation.
A woman's voice, scared and worried.  "By the Warden, she's half frozen!"
"Get those furs heated up!" the man snapped.  "We've got to get her warm!"
They placed her body down on a thick roll of furs, and Sasha winced in pain as the warmth seeped into her brittle skin, the slightest bit of heat feeling like fire in her veins.  She gasped and tried to speak, to figure out what was going on.
"Wheresarick?  Whareyoupeple?" she slurred, "Howdigethere?"
"Quiet, child," the man said, leaning over her, pulling more blankets across her chest.  "You're going to be just fine.  Just try to relax.  We'll get you warmed up in no time."
She felt smothered by the sudden rush of heat.  They slid a metal tray full of hot coals underneath the bed they placed her in, and wrapped her in more blankets.  Someone placed a spoon against her lips and she felt warm water dripping down her throat.  She coughed violently, her body wracking with spasms.  The painful envelope of heat seemed to awaken a surge of throbbing pain, as if thawing out a ball of agony inside of her.  She groaned and closed her eyes tightly.
"It's okay," the woman soothed her.  "You need your rest, you have to warm up.  Just try to rest, and later you can tell us who you are."
"Sasha," she muttered as she lost consciousness again.
She drifted in a sea of blackness, once more adrift in the Dragon's Mouth.  And then she was lost on a mountaintop quaking with snow.  She was fighting someone, fighting her father, fighting a faceless figure dressed in rags.  The dreams were like a feverish torment, and she awoke to find sweat pouring down her face.  Someone saw that she was awake, and once more helped her drink some warm broth.  She managed to swallow a few times before falling asleep once again.
More dreams.  She saw the sparkling blue bodies of the Icefolk, and then she was standing in front of Olrian Helmbreaker as he raised his sword to execute her, and then she was fighting a mob of mercenaries in the Gray Sands who ripped her clothes off and held her down as they ravaged her.  The visions and dreams were like half-awake hallucinations, the terrible fears and doubts in the back of her mind pushing forward to invade her thoughts.  Her father was there, shaking his head in disappointment.
"How are you doing?" came a voice.
Sasha opened her eyes and they swirled around as her vision cleared.  Before her sat the man and woman from before, looking down at her nervously.  The small room was like a furnace, and Sasha weakly tried to push some of the blankets off, her entire body slick with sweat.
"What is going on?" she whispered.  "Who are you?"
"My name's Farland, and this my wife Mardie.  You gave us quite a scare, you know.  You were frozen solid.  I don't even know how you were still alive.  One of the men heard voices outside and went looking and found you in the snow."
Sasha closed her eyes and blinked hard, and then sighed wearily, feeling like she didn't have a single ounce of strength.  "What are you talking about?  Where are Arick and the others?  How did I get here?"
Farland glanced at his wife and then shook his head.  "You were by yourself.  We found you alone out in the snow.  But there weren't any tracks.  I mean, it was like you just appeared there out of nowhere."
Slowly, his words began to sink in.  "Where am I?" she asked carefully.
"This is my home," Farland said.  "We run a tavern here for travelers coming down the road.  Right now we still have a few men here from the army they sent up the road a few days ago."
"I mean, where is this place?" Sasha asked tiredly.
"We're just south of Long Hearth."
Her head was swimming as she tried to make sense of it.  The last thing she remembered, she was still trying to traverse the Rim with Kashus and the others.  They were still almost half a day from getting back to the Hale Road, and Long Hearth was hours from there.  She tried to think of the very last thing she remembered and came up empty.  She could recall getting up in the morning, heading out into the storm, walking through the snow ? and then nothing.
How did I get to Long Hearth already?  And how did I get here if Kashus and the others aren't here yet?  What happened to me?
It felt like there was a gaping absence in her memory, something she should have remembered but was now a complete mystery.
"How long have I been here?"
"All night," Farland said.  "About eight hours or so."
"Is it morning already?"
"Not quite.  The sun isn't up yet."
"Is Kashus here?"
"Kashus?  You mean Kashus Stoneward?  No, he left for Wardenhall almost a tenday ago.  Somebody arrived the other day, a messenger I guess, and most of the army went up after him right after that.  That was maybe three days ago."
Sasha swallowed and felt like she wanted to go right back to sleep.  Mardie got some more broth and some fresh bread and Sasha took the time to eat and fill her stomach, and as she ate she tried to figure out what was going on.  As soon as she swallowed her first mouthful of bread, her stomach began to growl and twist in hunger.  When was the last time she ate?  She could barely even think clearly, but she felt like she hasn't eaten in days.  She gratefully swallowed the warm broth and slumped back against the furs, feeling almost normal again.
Why don't I remember anything?  How in the world did I make my way all the way here?  Did I get hurt or something?  They told me I have a cut on my forehead, so maybe I fell and gave myself a bump on the head?  But I couldn't have made it here all on my own.
The more she thought about it, the more frightened she got, so she tried to think of something else, something to distract her.  Eventually they left her alone in the room, relieved that she seemed to be recovering.  Outside she heard a few people talking, but she couldn't quite tell how many people were there.  Farland said he ran a tavern, so Sasha guessed they were customers, eating their breakfast early in the morning.  The room they gave her wasn't a room they rented to travelers, it was one of their private rooms in the back of the tavern.
She crawled free of the bed and sat up, dressed in just her thin underclothes, which felt damp and sticky.  They undressed her when they brought her inside, she remembered, and she felt a strange sense of violation at the thought of strangers taking her clothes off, but it was the right thing to do, so she didn't resent it.  Her jacket, pants, boots, and other clothes were hanging on hooks on the wall to dry out.
Her hand hurt.  She flexed her stiff fingers and examined her hand, but nothing was wrong with it.  She rubbed the gash across her forehead, but it wasn't serious, it was just a scratch.  Other than that, she seemed uninjured.  She felt sore and bruised all over, though, as if she had been in a fight with a group of people beating and punching her.
Outside her room, she heard someone shout something.  A few men stomped down the hall in a hurry, and Sasha set her bare feet on the warm floor and tried to stand, leaning on the bed for support.  Her legs felt about as strong as frayed rope, and she wobbled like a newborn deer before sitting back down on the bed.  Someone else ran down the hall, zipping past her door.
"What's going on?" Sasha called out.
Mardie appeared in the doorway.  "Kashus Stoneward is back!" she said excitedly.  "He just returned with a few men!  I don't know why he's here, I thought he was staying at the fort!"
"Tell him I'm here," Sasha said quickly.  "Go and tell him that I have to talk to him."
"Why?"
"Just do it," she insisted.  "Go get him right now!"
Mardie nodded and hurried off, and Sasha wearily brushed her hair out of her face and slouched in the bed, trying to gather some strength.  Maybe Kashus could explain what happened to her, but she had a nagging feeling that he wouldn't know either.  
Suddenly the door outside banged open and Sasha heard several people noisily shuffle inside.  There were voices of people asking questions, and Sasha heard another voice she recognized right away as that of Kashus.  "- not possible, I don't know who you're talking about.  Just get us someplace to sleep!  We were caught in the storm and it took us all night to get here!"
"We're exhausted, please," came Brannock Icebuilder's voice
Mardie said, "Well, she said she wants to talk to you.  She's in the room back there."
"It's the girl we found last night," Farland added, talking to them as well.  "She just appeared out of nowhere, half frozen and nearly dead.  She she said her name is Sasha."
"Sasha?" Kashus snapped.  "I said that's not possible!"
Sasha wanted to shout to get their attention.  But she heard someone stomp and stumble through the tavern, and then a snow-covered figure burst into her room, grabbing the door frame to keep from falling over.  His long red hair dangled down, dripping with wet snow, and his face was tired and weary.  But his eyes were wide open, staring at her in shock and utter disbelief.
It was Arick.  His hands trembled as he let go of the door, his face twisting up in a rush of emotions.  Confusion, fear, relief, bewilderment, and love flickered across his tired eyes.  His mouth hung open, and he was unable to speak.
Sasha just looked up at him, fear and doubt welling up in her chest, and when she spoke, her voice was little more than a terrified squeak.  
"Arick, what's going on?  What happened to me?"
"You ..." he whispered, as tears began to stream down his face.  He stumbled into the room and fell to his knees, wrapping his arms around her tightly.  
"We thought you were dead.  I thought I lost you," he gasped.  "We saw you fall, and we thought ? I thought you were dead.  It's a miracle, thank the Warden!  Oh, the Warden saved you, it's a miracle ..."  He broken into sobs, pouring out his grief into her.
Sasha discovered that she was crying too, and she didn't even know why.  She gasped and held into Arick, his words filling her with dread.  
Kashus and Garven appeared in the doorway, just staring at her.  Garven shook his head disbelievingly and stepped away, and behind him, Brannock and Luther were also staring in shock, looking as if they had witnessed something supernatural.  Farland and Mardie were in the back, glancing over Brannock's shoulder to see what was going on.  Kashus slumped against the door and nervously covered his mouth with his hand, as if to stifle a scream.
"Impossible," Brannock whispered.  "She's dead, she's got to be dead ? there's no way she could be here already ..."
"The Warden saved her," Luther said, gaping at her.
But Kashus merely lowered his hand and gave her a trembling nod.  A crooked, unsteady smile curved his lips.  It was full of hope and relief and surprise, and tears appeared in his eyes as well, but he wiped them away with the back of his hand.
"Welcome back, Sasha," he said, his voice quivering.  "It's good to see you again."
The tearful, emotional reunion left Sasha feeling even more physically drained.  It was like waking from some kind of dream, and discovering that the world was not what she imagined it to be, and she didn't know whether to be happy or terrified as the truth became known.  There was little time to rejoice, since Arick and the others were utterly exhausted from their long journey down from the mountains.  They hadn't been able to rest for almost twenty-four hours, ever since leaving Windpeak Camp the previous morning.
In bits and pieces, Arick managed to tell her what happened.  Luther lost his footing and had to be rescued from the edge before he fell, but Sasha didn't made it back to the top of the ridge in time before the snow collapsed.  She fell right out of Arick's hands and disappeared over the precipice.
"We tried to come up with some idea to go after you," Arick said softly as sleep nagged at him.  He had shed his wet clothes and bundled into bed with her to get warm.  Kashus and the others went to another room to get some sleep, apparently content to let Arick stay with her, or perhaps nervous about being in the same room with someone they believed should be dead.
Sasha sensed the incredible pain in his words.  It was only his weariness that let him speak of it without breaking down into sobs once more.  "We knew that you might have survived the fall.  I was so scared that you might have survived but were injured.  We argued about trying to go down after you.  But Kashus finally said we had to keep moving.  There was simply no way that we could try to rescue you ?"
"Shhh," Sasha whispered.  "Get some sleep, Arick.  I'm here with you now.  I don't know what happened, but it's over now.  Just get some sleep."
Arick passed out moments later, and Sasha laid there against him for a little while, trying to come to terms with what he had told her.  But she was too tired herself, and it was just too much for her to really comprehend.
Did I really fall down the side of the mountain?  Could that really have happened to me?  I have no memory of it.  I can't even believe it happened.  But I'm still alive.  I must have survived the fall.  But what happened to me and why don't I remember any of it?
Did the Warden actually save me?
Sasha fell asleep before too long, and they slept through most of the morning, wrapped in each other's arms.  Some time in the early afternoon, Farland gently woke Sasha up by nudging her arm and told her that Kashus wanted to get moving as soon as possible.  She could hear numerous voices out in the tavern's main room.
Blinking slowly, Arick opened his eyes and stared at Sasha, and then he reached out to touch her, trying to convince himself that she was really alive and really there beside him.  Neither of them said anything as they got out of bed, but Arick kept his eyes on her the entire time, seemingly lost in thought.
He even helped her get dressed.  By now, her jacket and pants were dry, so she pulled them on slowly, her sore muscles protesting.  Unfortunately, her body still ached and her legs were wobbly and weak, so walking unassisted was out of the question.  Arick let her lean on him as they walked down the hall to the main room.
It was already crowded with people, and most of them didn't even notice when Arick and Sasha came out and took a seat at a table by the wall.  Mardie came over and gave them each a bowl of steaming spiced porridge before she ran off to get some drinks.
"Keshard and Tharigan should be back here the day after tomorrow," Kashus was saying to a group of men standing around him.  "They'll have some of the people from the fort, a bunch of civilians who were traveling with Farakas.  I don't think the Legion will even try to make it up the road right now, but you have to be prepared for some kind of scouting party to come along.  After Keshard gets back, you have to assume anyone else coming up the road is part of the Legion."
"So what do you want us to do when they get here?" one of them asked.
"The Legion is probably already on the move to Glacier's Edge," Kashus said.  "We need as many men as we can possibly get to meet them there."  He sounded tired, his voice ragged and low, which was no surprise, since he must have only gotten a few short hours of sleep.  Even though he was older than most of them, he seemed to have reserves of strength and endurance that put the rest of them to shame.
"Tell Keshard and Tharigan to split our forces here.  At least half of them should stay to guard the road, but we need to send a force across the Heights to Glacier's Edge to meet up with whatever men Steelwind still commands.  I don't even know if they'll get there in time, but we really don't have a choice."
Garven was there as well, looking tired and weak as he spooned porridge into his mouth.  Luther was nowhere to be seen.  "Do you think that's where the Legion will make their push?  They might go straight for White Flame," he said, and when he looked up he noticed Sasha and Arick seated across the room.
"No," Kashus said.  "They know we have an army waiting for them.  They can't go to White Flame, because we'll just circle behind and have them surrounded.  They have to face us."
"How many men do you think they have?"
"I have no idea," Kashus said.  "We'll find out when we get there."
The door opened, letting a blast of snow fly in.  Brannock Icebuilder came in and slammed the door behind him.  "The sleds are ready, Kashus.  We can leave at any time."
Kashus stood up, holding onto the table for support.  "Good.  Are the others awake yet?"
"Over there," Garven said.
Kashus spotted them and nodded to himself.  "I hope you slept well," he announced.  "Once you're done eating, we're heading out.  We don't have any time to waste."
"Are you sure about this?" one of the other men said carefully.  "You only got a few hours of sleep, Kashus.  You all look half-dead.  Don't you think you should stay for maybe another day and get some rest?"
"You saw the message from Steelwind," Kashus said darkly, shaking his head as he leaned on the table.  "We have maybe three days before the Legion marches north.  Steelwind needs all the support we can muster."
"But what can you hope to accomplish?  Everyone who supports the revolution is already here or with Steelwind.  You sent messengers this morning, right?  So you don't have to go there in person to tell him what's going on."
"There's more than that," Kashus said.  "We aren't going straight there, we have to go to Farrow and try to get Wolan Grayfrost and his men to help us.  He's got a thousand men at least, and this is our last chance to get them to join the fight."
Sasha's head perked up.  Wolan?  He was one of my father's sworn swords.
"We've tried to get them to join our cause for the past two years," the other man said in frustration.  "Why do you think they'd join you now?"
Kashus sighed and shook his head.  "Not me.  He'd just as soon kill me as look at me.  But we have someone else he might be willing to throw his support behind."
"Who?" the Aushar asked, perplexed.
"That girl over there.  She's Orden Snowfire's daughter."
All of the other men jumped up and spun around in shock, and Sasha felt twenty pairs of eyes staring at her in disbelief.  They all began to raise their voices, and a few of them started to walk over to her as if to examine her more closely.  But Kashus drowned them out.  Even exhausted and weak, he possessed the power to demand people's attention.
"Listen!  Anyone who wants to come along is welcome to join us.  We'll explain everything on the way.  But some of you have to stay here.  The moment Keshard and Tharigan get back - and I mean the very instant they arrive - you have to tell them everything that's happened.  Keshard needs to split his forces and send as many men as he can spare to Farrow.  Whoever's left here must hold the road and keep the Legion from getting through.  The weather should help him with that part."
The men wanted to protest, and most of them were still staring at Sasha in undisguised disbelief, curiosity, and even outright suspicion, but Kashus waved them off and limped out the door, followed by Brannock, who cast a glance in her direction but said nothing.  After he was gone, the men began to argue with each other and with Garven as well, but he mostly ignored them, and none of them seemed willing to openly confront Sasha herself.  But she could tell that at least half of them didn't believe for a second that she was who Kashus claimed her to be.  She was too tired to try to defend herself, so she focused on her meal and let them talk amongst themselves.
They ate quickly and returned to their room to finish getting dressed.  A few minutes later, they were both ready to go, since neither of them had anything except the clothes on their back.  Sasha pulled on her single glove and then looked at her bare hand.
"Here you go," Arick said, handing her the other glove.  "I kept ? I mean, I held onto it."
She took it from him and held it in her hand.  "Thank you," she said softly.
"It was ? it was the only thing of yours that I had," he said, looking away.
"Arick."
She walked up to him and they embraced gently.  She rested her head against his chest.  
"I don't remember what happened yesterday," she said.  "But it doesn't matter what happened, because I'm here now.  Okay?  So let's just forget about it."
"I can't," he whispered into her ear.  "I can't forget something like that."
"I don't want to think about it.  When I see you looking at me that way, it just scares me."
"I'm sorry."
"Maybe the Warden saved me and maybe he didn't.  I don't know.  But I'm not a ghost, and I'm not back from the dead.  I'm alive and I'm here.  I'm still me, I'm the same person I always was."
Arick said nothing, and the intense look in his brown eyes was full of amazement and love, and even more than that.  There was a depth of passion in the way he looked at her, an almost religious sense of wonder and worship.  Sasha tried to understand what it must have been like for him, and didn't even know where to start.  He watched her fall, but it was more than that; he was the one holding on and he lost her.  He wasn't strong enough to pull her to safety, and he blamed himself for it.  His own sense of guilt and personal failure must have been tearing him apart.
She hoped that it would fade in time.  Because right now they had more important things to worry about.  Once they were ready, they headed outside, where Kashus and the others were getting ready to depart.  Half a dozen large sleds were lined up in the road, pulled by teams of dogs that yipped and barked in anticipation.
Kashus walked up to them.  "Listen, Sasha.  I sent out runners this morning, right before I got some sleep.  They're going to spread the word to all the towns and villages they can between here and White Flame.  They're sending a message that you are here and you have chosen to join us against the Legion.  I hoped to have more time to spread the word and rally support, but there's no time for us to do that," he said with some frustration.
"I understand," Sasha said.
"We're going to a town called Farrow, it's right on the edge of the mountains.  You remember Wolan, don't you?"
"I remember him.  He's one of the people who doesn't trust you?"
"He was always your father's man," Kashus said simply.
"Did you tell them about ? about what happened yesterday?" Sasha asked hesitantly.
"No," Kashus said immediately.  "I don't need crazy rumors and stories to spread like that, it will only make things harder.  I don't care what happened, I don't care if the Warden himself came down from the Halls of Ice and carried you out of the mountains.  All that matters is that you're still here, and when we get to Farrow, I need you to make those people believe in you the way they believed in your father."
"You know that I'll do whatever I can."
"I'm asking a lot of you right now.  The next few days are going to make all the difference.  A tenday from now, we'll either be free from Verdana, or we'll all be in chains or dead."
"You can count on me, Kashus."
"Good.  Let's hope the Warden is still watching out for us."
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Sworn Swords in Farrow

They sailed across the frozen hills, bundled up in the sleds against the wind.  Sasha and Arick sat together, with one of Kashus' men standing over them steering the sled.  Kashus, Garven, and Brannock were in the other sleds with some of the other men, but Sasha didn't learn all their names until that night when they stopped for camp.  She spent the trip lost in her thoughts for the most part, snuggling close to Arick and still trying to make some sense of what she had been through.  Her excitement at finally returning to her homeland was muted by her weakness and slow recovery from her experience in the mountains, which she didn't even remember, and the foreboding knowledge of what the next few days might hold.  She and Arick talked with each other during the sled ride, but they avoided topics that were now uncomfortable for both of them.
It was getting late when they finally stopped to make camp.  They stopped along a sparse wooded area and the men began to cut some firewood as Sasha climbed free of the sled, taking one of the blankets with her to hang from her shoulders.  Snow trickled down from the treetops as the men hacked away branches for the fire.  Some of the others were unhooking the dogs and unloading blankets and furs for them to sleep on.
She found Garven Silverhorn unpacking some salted meat for their dinner.  He looked up as Sasha approached, and nodded in greeting.
"Good evening, Sasha.  How do you feel?"
Sasha tugged her blanket more tightly around herself.  "Better than I did last night.  I noticed that Luther isn't here.  Did he decide to stay in Long Hearth?"
"He suffered a bit more than the rest of us did," Garven explains.  "Physically, I mean.  He was in no shape to come along.  He wanted to join the battle, but he's only seventeen, so I told him no.  He'll stay there and wait for the rest of our family to arrive."
"I wish I could have said goodbye."
"You'll see him again," Garven said with a relaxed grin.  "Once this is all over, we'll have a big celebration in White Flame together."
Sasha smiled at that.  Behind her, they were getting the fire going, and Sasha could already feel the welcome heat pushing against her back.  She had resisted the urge to use any Charms since they left Long Hearth, fearing they would sap what little strength she had.  She looked forward to sitting by the fire and getting something to eat.
"Arick told me a little bit about what happened yesterday.  I hope Luther doesn't think that ? I mean, I hope he doesn't feel responsible for anything."
"You really don't remember any of it?" Garven asked curiously.
"Not a thing."
Garven tugged at his beard and leaned against the sled.  "You know, I've heard stories about things like this.  About people getting lost in the mountains or out in the wild, and then getting rescued but not remembering who rescued them.  But nothing quite as dramatic as what happened to you."
"Yeah," Sasha said vaguely, looking back toward the fire.  "Well, do me a favor and don't go around telling everyone."
"I won't," Garven promised.
They spent the night stretched out around the fire, and Sasha slept deeply, feeling somewhat more refreshed in the morning.  Her limbs still felt sore, but she finally felt some energy returning to her body, and she walked around camp to get her blood flowing while they got ready to depart once more.  She certainly didn't feel one hundred percent better, but it was a start.  Arick was also feeling better after a full night's sleep, and he almost seemed back to normal.
"Do you think we have time to do some more training?" Sasha asked jokingly.  "I don't have my sword though.  I must have lost it."
"I don't think we have time," Arick said with a smile, hooking his thumbs into his belt.  "We're leaving in just a few minutes."
"Leaving to go to war," she said, her smile fading.  "What do you think will happen once we get there?  Are we really going to fight another battle against the Legion?"
"As far as I know, that's the plan."
"I did that once before, and it didn't turn out very well for me."
"This time will be different."
"When I was still in prison," she said, mostly to herself, "I promised myself that I wasn't going to fight anymore.  I thought I was done fighting.  I guess that I was wrong about that."
"You don't have to fight if you don't want to."
"Are you going to fight?"
"You know I am."
Sasha breathed out a long, trembling sigh, and then walked over to him, taking his hands in hers and looking up in his eyes.  "The last time we fought against the Legion, they killed the only person I loved.  I don't want that to happen again, Arick."
"I wish I could tell you not to worry," he said honestly.
Just then, Kashus called them over.  It was time to leave.  Arick gave her hands a tender squeeze and they walked back to the sled.  The dogs were wagging their tales and pawing anxiously at the snow, ready to get going.  Once Sasha and Arick climbed back in, they were off once more.
The sleds coasted across snowy white hills and long, flat stretches, kicking up sprays of powdery snow.  The sky was clear and bright, and the Warden's Crown rose high off to their left, the peaks shimmering white in the morning sun.  The wind whipped through Sasha's hair and ruffled the furs atop the sled.  They stopped briefly for lunch but spent most of the day traveling as quickly as possible, putting leagues of featureless white plains behind them.
In the early evening, they finally reached the town of Farrow.  Sasha had never been there, never even heard of the place, and without a map she didn't even know exactly where it was located in relation to the town of Glacier's Edge, their eventual destination.  As the sleds came to a slow stop, she sat up to get a look at the town.
Farrow was nestled in a natural valley just a few leagues north of the base of the Warden's Crown, and it was marked with a feature Sasha had never seen before in an Aushar village.  A row of guard towers were spread out around the perimeter, about twenty feet off the ground.  Farther in toward the town, there was a line of houses with smoke rising from the stone chimneys, and crude wooden fences encircling areas where farm animals meandered aimlessly.  There were a few other buildings, one of them clearly a town hall, and a few that might have been taverns or gathering places.  More homes were scattered farther back, and behind that a line of towering pine trees like those of the Blue Forest.  
A call went out as soon as their sleds became visible to those in the guard towers, and men and woman began to emerge from all around.  When the sleds stopped, the dogs sat on their haunches and looked around, panting with their tongues lolling from their mouths.  
An Aushar woman came forward as Kashus stepped down from his sled and began to snap questions at him, but Sasha couldn't hear what she said.
"Just get Wolan and tell him I have to see him," Kashus said.
"Go back home, betrayer!" someone in the crowd shouted.
"We have nothing to say to you!" someone else said.
Kashus crossed his arms over his chest and glared at the woman, barely even noticing the mocking shouts from the crowd.  "Get Wolan here now," he demanded.  "I don't have time to waste arguing with you."
Sasha and Arick got down from their sled and stepped forward.  Garven and the others were there as well, backing up Kashus, who didn't seem to need it.  A few people in the crowd glanced Sasha's way, but weren't interested in her.  She stood to the side, partially shielded by Arick, as they waited in a tense stand-off.
The crowd increased in size as more people from the town gathered to see what was going on.  More of them shouted insults at Kashus, who accepted them without comment, and the rest of them, Sasha included, became the target of the crowd's anger.  They hurled insults and curses and shook their fists threateningly, but no one drew a weapon at least.
The whole scene felt surreal and wrong to her.  She'd never seen Aushar behave this way towards their own people.  It made her feel sick to her stomach.  Kashus had hinted to her that there were Aushar who hated him for what he had done, but she hadn't seen evidence of it until now.  The whole village seemed to be full of people who hated him, as Sasha herself once hated him.
The crowd opened up and Wolan Grayfrost stormed out into the open area in front of Kashus, his red hair billowing in the wind.  He looked much like Sasha remembered him.  The faint line of a scar ran along his forehead and cheek, an injury he had sustained on the day her father died.  A longsword hung from his hip, and his hand rested like a warning on the pommel of the blade.
"What do you want here, oathbreaker?" Wolan snapped.  "Haven't we told you enough times to leave us alone and go tell your lies to someone else?  We don't want you here."
"We've struck the first blow against the Verdans," Kashus said evenly, speaking loudly enough for everyone to hear him.  "We've had the Delegation in White Flame arrested, and we attacked the three Legion forts on Aushar land just a few days ago."
"We know what you've done," Wolan said.  "You've raised another rebellion.  Are you going to betray this one like you did the last?  This is your fight, oathbreaker.  If you've come here to ask for our help again, you can just go back home.  We want nothing to do with you."
"Right now there's an army of Legion soldiers heading north toward Glacier's Edge," Kashus said, all but ignoring Wolan.  He was speaking to the crowd.  "The attacks on the western forts were not successful, and now the Legion is coming to attack the army led by Alvorus Steelwind.  This is the last chance for you and your people here to join the rebellion against Verdana and help us regain our independence.  This is your last chance to fight for your freedom."
"We would already have our freedom if it wasn't for you!" Wolan shouted, his hand gripping the handle of his sword.  Voices in the crowd shouted agreement with him.
"If Steelwind's army falls," Kashus warned, "then the Legion will come through here and you'll be at their mercy.  What are you going to do, tell them you weren't part of the rebellion in the hopes they'll leave you alone?  You're part of this whether you like it or not."
"You're nothing but a coward and liar!" Wolan snapped, his eyes blazing with hatred.  "You destroyed our chances the first time we rose up against them!  And now you've raised another rebellion that's doomed to fail, and come begging for our help?  Why did the attacks on the forts fail, betrayer?  Did you warn the Legion that your own army was coming?"
Kashus glared back at him, but barely even raised his voice.  "What do you want from me, Wolan?  You want to fight the Verdans?  Well, this is the best chance you're ever going to have.    If we fail, we will never have this chance again.  Are you going to fight for your homeland, or are you going to stand there and let your personal hatred for me stop you from helping Aushara when it needs you most?"
"You dare question my loyalty?" Wolan shrieked, yanking his sword from its sheath.  Kashus did not even move a muscle as Wolan stomped toward him, pointing the blade right at his neck.  "I'm going to do what we should have done to you eight damned years ago!"
Sasha had enough, and she pushed past Arick to rush up beside Kashus.  
"Stop this!" she shouted, her hands balled into fists, her eyes wide and staring right at Wolan.
"Out of the way, woman," Wolan snapped, glancing at her.  "This is none of ? "
He stopped in his tracks, his sword still pointing at Kashus, as he turned to look at her more closely.  His face seemed to go slack, and the sword point wavered in the air, before he finally let the sword lower to the ground.  Blinking in bewilderment, he said softly, "Sasha?"
Kashus looked at her and nodded approvingly.  "That's right, Wolan.  I'm sure you remember Orden's daughter, don't you?"
Wolan could only shake his head.  "But you're ? you're in prison.  How can you be here?"
Voices in the crowd began to murmur and whisper as everyone seemed to gaze at her, confusion and concern etched on their faces.  She took a deep breath and walked directly in front of Wolan as the crowd seemed to merge closer to them.
This is it.  This is the moment I've been dreading.  It was so easy for me to be Orshana, but now everyone is going to know who I really am.  Kashus wants me to be like my father, but I can never be like him.  All I can be is myself now, and that will have to do.
"My name is Sasha Snowfire," she said loudly, glancing at the crowd before returning her gaze to Wolan.  "Orden Snowfire was my father.  I fought with him in his rebellion, and I was there when he died.  I spent seven years in prison, but now I've returned to Aushara.  If you don't want to talk with Kashus, then you can talk to me."
"What are you doing here?" Wolan asked, his voice more firm.  He clenched his teeth in anger, and thrust his sword back toward Kashus.  "What are you doing with him?  Have you joined the betrayer?  If Orden was here he would -"
"Put that sword down!" she shouted at him, and he immediately lowered the blade once more and took a step back.  "Don't you dare speak to me that way!  You don't have the right to tell me what my father would do!"
She glared at him, feeling her own anger rising.  She had never been close friends with Wolan, but she knew he was a good man and a loyal sword for her father.  But now, staring at him and the crowd gathered around him, she began to realize what had happened to these people in the years since her father's death.  Was their love and respect for Orden really so strong that it would blind them to the truth right in front of their faces?  Did they hate Kashus so much they would refuse to fight just to spite him?  It pained her to see how her father's memory held them back.
"He betrayed us," Wolan said, his voice no longer angry but simply hurt.  "You know what he did, you were there.  How can you stand beside him?  You should be here, with us," he said in a pleading voice.
Sasha looked at him sadly and just shook her head.  "Kashus doesn't matter to me, Wolan," she said, hoping to make him understand.  "He's a betrayer and an oathbreaker.  He's nothing to me.  He can drop dead right now for all I care."
She looked up at the crowd of people and scanned across their faces.  They were men and women, young and old, and they looked at her with anxious eyes.  She could see their desire for truth, the longing, the urgency in their gazes.  They had spent so long mourning the death of her father, wishing he was still there to lead them.  But he was dead, and when his dream of a free Aushara died with him, it was as if it died in the rest of them as well.
All this time, and I never realized how dedicated they were to him.  I guess I just didn't realize it at the time because I was right in the middle of it.  I'm his daughter and even I can not claim to be this loyal and true to his memory.  These people love my father more than I do.
"This isn't about Kashus," she said.  "It's not about me, and it's not about you.  It's not even about my father.  This isn't about individuals, it's about all of us.  It's about everyone here."
"You expect us to just forget what he did?" Wolan asked incredulously, still gripping the handle of his sword tightly.  "Just smile and pretend it never happened?"
"Forget about Kashus," she snapped, getting annoyed.  "Why do you care so much about him?  What does he matter at all to you?  Verdana is marching on Aushara right now, and we're asking you to help fight them, and you're going to refuse to help defend our homeland because you don't like Kashus?"
"I swore my sword to Orden," Wolan said proudly, daring to step towards her again, the sword still in his hand.  "I fought for him and I would have died for him.  But I'm not going to fight for some betrayer.  And I'm not going to fight for you either."
"Besides," he sneered, "You're not even really his daughter."
Sasha's hand shot out and slapped him across the face.  The sound was like the crack of a whip, and his head jerked back as if he'd been struck with a hammer.  The crowd gasped in surprise and she even heard Kashus blurt out something in shock.
Wolan stumbled a step back, stunned and speechless.  But Sasha didn't give him the chance to salvage his pride.  She ran right up at him and shoved him hard in the chest, and he staggered backwards, off balance, and fell hard onto his back.
All around her the crowd seemed to converge, but it was like a force field held them back.  No one tried to grab her or stop her, and no one came to Wolan's defense.  She kicked the sword out of his hand and it went spinning across the surface of the snow.
"So what are you going to fight for?" she demanded.  "Your pride?  Your homeland?  If the only person you're willing to fight for is my father, then you don't need that sword anymore, because my father's been dead for a long time."
Wolan scrambled to his feet and glared at her, his body tensing like he was about to attack her, but he held back.  His sword hand clenched and unclenched, as if still holding onto the sword.  "You're dishonoring Orden's memory, you don't deserve to be here. You're nothing but a traitor like Kashus," he hissed.
Sasha turned her back on him, leaving him seething in anger, almost trembling he was so mad.  But he didn't move against her again, he just stood there breathing loudly, staring at her, the muscles in his sword arm tensing.  All around them, the entire village seemed to hold its breath.  
Sasha regained her calm and she just looked back at Wolan dismissively.  She wondered what might have happened if she hadn't been sent to prison.  If she had returned to Aushara after the failed rebellion, would she have become obsessed with her father's memory too, the way Wolan was?  Every day spent going over the battle in her head, letting her anger and pain and regret become an all-consuming emotion?  Wolan had been a good man once, but he spent so long blaming Kashus that he forgot what his promise to Orden really amounted to in the first place.
But Sasha spent most of her time since the battle rotting away in a cell and wondering what her father's rebellion really meant to her.  In truth, her father's dream and his own personal goals meant very little.  She didn't join his rebellion and train to be a fighter because of what he believed or wanted.  She did it for herself.  She fought for Aushara for her own reasons, not her father's.  And she knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that her father wanted it that way.
She kept her gaze on Wolan, but she spoke to the entire village.  "You weren't the only person who swore their sword to Orden.  Lots of people did.  But you know something?  I never swore my sword to him, even though he raised me and trained me.  I followed him into battle and I would have died for him, but I never swore my sword to him.  You know why?"
Wolan swallowed back some of his rage and whispered, "No, I don't," through his clenched teeth.
"Because I already vowed to fight for our homeland.  I swore my sword to Aushara," she said.  "My father was just a man.  No better than you, no better than Kashus.  He wasn't perfect, and he wasn't always right.  But I can tell you one thing.  He believed in our people, he believed in our homeland, and he believed in fighting for our freedom.  You didn't swear your sword to him, Wolan.  You swore your sword to his dream, to his cause."
She sighed slightly and glanced at the people around her.  Looking over her shoulder, she saw Kashus nodding slowly, a sad, mournful look in his brown eyes.  He understood that better than anyone, perhaps.
"If Orden was here, it would break his heart to see the us fighting amongst each other," she said.  "He wanted to unite us, to bring us together against the Verdans.  He wanted a free and independent Aushara.  And if you're not willing to fight for that just because Kashus is standing over there, then maybe you don't share Orden's dream after all.  Or maybe you're just afraid.  As I'm concerned, if you don't fight against the Verdans then you might as well be helping them.  You have the nerve to call me a traitor, but you're nothing but a coward."
She gave him one last look and then walked away.  The crowd opened up before her and she went back to the sleds, not bothering to make eye contact with anyone.  Kashus reached out and placed his hand questioningly on her shoulder as she walked past him.
"That's all I have to say," she said quietly.  "I don't know what else to do.  They have to decide for themselves what they really believe in.  If they believe in Orden's dream, then they'll fight for it.  If they'd rather dwell on the past, then they'll stay here and can't help us anyway."
Kashus let her walk off and turned to face the crowd, which was deathly silent, looking at each other nervously or staring at the ground with downcast eyes.  Sasha didn't know if anything she said wold really stick with them or not.  It was much easier to make excuses than to take action.  Maybe they'd think about what she said, but it would be hard for anyone to change their ways after so long, and she wondered if they would really listen to her.  It might be too late for them to change their ways, too late for them to admit it to themselves.
Kashus surveyed the crowd, including Wolan, who stood in the back with a disgusted look on his face.  "If you want to fight the Verdans, then meet us in Glacier's Edge as soon as you can.  If you want to keep fighting against the rest of us, then go ahead and stay here if that's what makes you happy.  I know that I'm going to do everything in my power to defeat our enemies and set our people free.  If any of you feel the same way, then come and join us."
Arick was waiting for Sasha and she fell into his arms, taking a deep breath and closing her eyes as a wave of stress washed over her.  She wrapped her arms around him and held tightly for support, and he gently brushed her hair out of her face.
"Are you okay?" he whispered.
"I'm fine," she said, pressing her cheek against his chest.  "I'll be okay."
"That was a great speech."
She smiled.  "I did my best.  Let's see if it's good enough."
Chapter Thirty-Nine
The Last Stand

Sasha arrived in Glacier's Edge to discover that she was already expected.  The messengers that Kashus sent from Long Hearth quickly spread the word that the daughter of Orden Snowfire was alive and had joined forces with the army of Alvorus Steelwind.  By the time they arrived, several hundred people had already filtered in from the surrounding villages and towns to meet her, with more arriving all the time.  Just the rumor of Sasha's existence increased the size of Steelwind's army by almost five-hundred.
The day before, the army received word that the High Council of Verdana had finally chosen a new Emperor King.  It was one of the late King Riverstorm's cousins.  Apparently, the Aushar rebellion finally mobilized the Council to a unanimous vote, although it hardly mattered by that point.  The Emperor's Legion, twenty-thousand men strong, marched on Aushara to defend their forts before the rebellion even started, and the attempted attacks on Fort Snowhall and Fort Hammerhall never even took place.  The only reason the assault on Wardenhall succeeded was because the harsh weather along the Hale Road slowed the Verdan advance so much that they didn't arrive in time to stop it.
This battle would not be like the one in the Blue Forest.  No surprise attack, no convenient valley to contain the invading forces.  The land south of Glacier's Edge was a mostly featureless plain that stretched to the Sanshos Road, with only a few short hills and some scattered woodland areas to hide the advance of an army.  Steelwind's forces would see the Legion coming a long way off, but the Legion would see them as well.
"Twenty-thousand at least," Kashus muttered.  "It's almost the whole damn Legion.  They're coming in three waves, and we'll have to meet each of them."
Steelwind set up a command tent up on a little rise overlooking what was to become the main battlefield.  About forty people were crammed in the tent, discussing plans and strategies for the upcoming battle, and almost all of them were people Sasha had never met before.  She sat far in the back, watching the debate intensely, knowing that she had little to add to their deliberations.  She was only there for the morale of the other troops, not to offer military strategy, so she let everyone else do the talking and just listened.  Unfortunately, Arick didn't merit a place in the command tent, so the only other people in the room she really knew were Kashus and Garven.
Alvorus Steelwind was stocky, ugly man with a scraggly red beard and big, bushy eyebrows.  He bared his teeth when he spoke, revealing smoking stains on the few teeth that remained, and his eyes were hard and merciless.  So far, he had been superficially polite to Sasha, but she could tell that deep down, he didn't want her there.  They had only exchanged a few words so far, with Steelwind preferring to save his breath for Kashus and his other commanders.
"When will Keshard and his men get here?" he asked gruffly, arms crossed as he studied a map of the region.
"We don't know," one of the others said.  "Tomorrow night, maybe?  When they do arrive, they're going to be exhausted, so we can't rely on them to be much help."
"Drevan should be here by now."
"We don't know when he'll get here either."
"Well, go find out," Steelwind said harshly.  "Send someone to meet him and find out when he's going to arrive."
"Yes, sir," the man said, bowing out.
Steelwind commanded a grand total of fourteen-thousand men, including the soldiers still on their way.  At Glacier's Edge, his total force numbered less than thirteen-thousand.  But if they held out long enough to build their full strength, and maybe with some luck add a few hundred more people due to Sasha's notoriety, they might field a force of fifteen-thousand against the Legion's twenty.  Not perfect odds, but very good ones.  The Legion might have more men and better equipment, but the Aushar had the advantage of their Charms and knowledge of the terrain.
Sasha continued to watch them discuss their tactics.  Steelwind chose to divide his forces into five main groups, each led by a central commander.  The three largest divisions would meet the Verdan army straight ahead, while the two others would protect the flanks of the main army and function as reinforcements if needed.  Their battle strategy was to simply hit the Legion with everything they had in a single attack, in the hopes the cold break the Legion's ranks and force a general retreat.
"We have to beat them here," Steelwind said savagely, smacking his gloved hand against the map.  "We won't get a second chance, and we don't have the manpower or the supplies to stage a defensive movement.  If we don't completely crush them right here, they'll regroup and come back at us in less than a tenday, with fresh reinforcements from all over Verdana."
They did a short vote around the tent and everyone else seemed to be in agreement.  This battle was going to be the last, and only, stand they would be able to make against the Legion.  They might be able to wait another couple of days for more men to arrive, but it was not worth the time, knowing that each day that passed, the Legion would be gathering its own strength and also moving farther into Aushar lands.  They had to make their strike now, before the Legion could properly calculate the strength of the Aushar forces.  They simply did not have time to wait any longer.
"I'll lead the first army," Steelwind said.  "We'll charge right for the center of the line as soon as they pass the edge of the trees here.  They'll have to commit their forces by then.  They'll probably split into three groups, but they might try to separate into five or more and try to circle around us, but I doubt it."
"They can't move on the snow easily enough to pull off a maneuver like that," someone pointed out.  "We'll be able to outflank them no matter what."
Steelwind nodded.  "Exactly.  So they'll stick with three waves, moving here, here, and here," he said tapping his finger against the map.  "That's the most likely scenario.  We have enough men to meet each force in turn.  If somehow, Helmbreaker does attempt to split up his army into four or five groups, our own other forces will be able to meet them."
"Who will lead the other armies?"
Steelwind put his hands on his hips and looked around the tent.  "Margus, you'll be in command of the second group.  Take Shardcastle's forces with you and take the right side.  Joltir, take group three along with all the men from the coastal cities, you know them better than anyone."
He turned to Kashus, who seemed surprised.  "Kashus, you're in command of group four.  You're already in charge of what remains of the force from Long Hearth, as well as Wolfstorm and his men from Gray Lake.  Cover the right flank."
A few men grumbled when they learned that Kashus would command one of the groups, but Steelwind silenced them with a stare.  They might trust Kashus to take part in the rebellion, but a few of them would have preferred if Kashus was not given anyone to command this time.  But no one said anything against him, so Steelwind let the matter drop.  Kashus did not bother to defend himself against the unspoken accusations, and simply nodded respectfully, studying the map.
"What about the last one?" someone asked.  "You want Keshard to maybe be in charge of that one, assuming he gets here in time?"
Steelwind frowned and shook his head.  "Keshard isn't here.  I have someone else in mind for the fifth group.  I was thinking that Snowfire's daughter might be a good choice."
Sasha jumped to her feet.  All around her, the others voiced their disbelief and began to argue against his decision, and Sasha couldn't even think to say anything.  They didn't have anything against her personally, she knew, but they still argued firmly against her being in command of anyone.  And Sasha didn't even know if she disagreed with them.  She stood there, mouth agape, as their arguments washed over her, their voices drowning out anything else.
"... just got here, you can't expect her to .."
"... going to choose her over me?  I've fought with you for five years ..."
"... no disrespect, but she's not qualified to ..."
"... just because of her name, you can't ..."
"Quiet," Steelwind barked, and the men gradually quieted down.  Some of them glanced back at her, eyes narrowed in frustration, but she was surprised that a few of the men were almost smiling at her.  Did they think it was a good idea?
"Well?" he asked her.  "Do you think you're up to the responsibility?"
"I don't know what to say," Sasha admitted, feeling dizzy.  "I don't know anything about being in charge or leading anyone in battle."
"I'm aware of that," Steelwind grunted.  "But you're the perfect person to take command of the fifth group."
"Why?  I've never been in command of anyone before.  I'm not even much of a good fighter anymore, much less a leader."
"All of the new arrivals from the last few days will be combined into the fifth group, plus a few random squads of people from some of the outlying villages.  I'll be honest, the fifth group will be mostly civilian fighters, not trained warriors.  I have to put them somewhere, and I think they'll do very well if someone named Snowfire is the one leading them."
"I'm not my father," Sasha said, shaking her head.  "I'm honored, but I really think you should let someone else be in charge."
There was a moment of silence, and then Steelwind pursed his lips and nodded.  "Okay, if that's what you want.  In that case, you'll be joining it as a soldier.  Elverd, you take command of the fifth group instead.  Take the left flank."
"Yes, sir."
"Okay, now let's get down to specifics," Steelwind said, returning his attention to the map.  Everyone seemed to forget Sasha was even there, so she gratefully flopped back down into her chair and sat back to listen to the rest of the meeting.  She caught Kashus watching her, but she ignored him and tried to be invisible.
When the meeting was over, she wandered out into the wide camp, which was made up of a huge number of small tents and little shelters dug into the snow.  The sky was dark, but the camp was illuminated by the hundreds of little camp fires everywhere, like a field of stars spread out in front of her.  The wind was bitterly cold but there was no snow, which was actually unfortunate.  Snow would have helped them in the oncoming battle.  
Sasha summoned a Charm to block the wind a bit, and she walked through the camp, letting her mind wander.  Everyone she passed called out her name and waved, since by now everyone in the entire army knew she was there.  Strangers came up and shook her hand, people tried to offer her some mead or some trinket of their appreciation, and she did her best to politely turn them down.
"Sasha!  It's good to have you with us!"
"I met the Snow Wolf once, you know.  What a great man he was."
"Miss Snowfire!  Hello!"
"How are you tonight, Sasha?  We're all ready to meet those Verdan bastards tomorrow!"
"It's so great to meet you!  What was your father really like?"
"I named my son Orden in honor of your old man."
"Sasha, I just want you to know what an honor it is to meet you!"
"When those Verdan soldiers find out we have a Snowfire fighting on our side again, they'll be shaking in their boots!"
Sasha pushed her way through the constant stream of old friends she never knew, admirers and supporters, friends and followers.  None of them knew her, but they all knew who she was, and they felt that was enough.  She didn't brush anyone off, but she did her best to hurry away until she was finally by herself.  She rubbed her hands together and exhaled a cloud of white breath as she looked out across the wide, empty plain just south of the town.  Far in the distance, she could make out tiny specks of light in the darkness.  The fires from the Verdan camp, perhaps less than twenty leagues away now, not very far at all.
I still can't believe it.  Here I am, right back in the middle of a battle.  The very last thing I ever wanted to do again, and yet, here I am.  It's like I can't escape my past.  And the people here, they think I'm some kind of legend or hero like my father was.  Steelwind wanted me to command one of his armies!  How did I get involved in all of this?
She sighed and closed her eyes, letting the cold breeze blow through her.   Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  I believe I have done as you wished of me.  My presence  has brought more of my people here to fight, and it seems that they find some sense of strength in me, or at least in my name.  Perhaps that was your plan for me all along.
I don't know what happened to me out in the mountains, and I believe that I'll never know the truth.  Maybe you saved my life that day, maybe something else saved me.  But whatever happened, I believe that it was to bring me to this place.  I have spent so long trying to deny my past and forget my oath to defend our land, but you have kept me on the path.
Thank you.  I am your loyal servant always.
She heard footsteps behind her, and glanced over her shoulder.  A warm smile broke out on her face when she saw it was Arick trying to sneak up on her, a heavy cloak hanging off his shoulders.
"Hey," she whispered softly.
"Hey," he said in return.  Standing at her back, he wrapped his arms around her and engulfed her in the thick black cloak.  Immediately, she felt a rush of comfortable warmth spread through her cold limbs.
Arick rested his chin on her shoulder and said, "So how was the big meeting?  Did everything go okay?"
"I think so," she said.  "They have a plan and I think it's a good one.  We're outnumbered, but I think we still have the advantage over them."
"That's what everyone's saying.  I spoke to Brannock a little while ago and he said the odds are in our favor.  He really thinks we'll be able to fight them off."
"You don't sound convinced."
He chuckled and hugged her tighter.  "Maybe I'm just trying not to be too cocky about what's going to happen tomorrow."
"You, not being cocky?  Well, that's a first."
"Well, I used to take things for granted.  I'm not going to do that anymore."
"Arick ?"
"It's okay," he said softly, "I know you don't want to talk about it."
"No, it's not about that," she said.  She scooted around in a circle to face him, with his arms still around her.  She slid her hands around his back and gave him a quick kiss.  "I might not even fight in the battle.  They assigned me to the last army group.  We'll be protecting the left flank of the main army and we night not even take part in the battle, if everything goes well."
"What about me?" Arick asked.
"You'll probably be with Kashus, I would guess."
She explained the battle plan as well as she could, including where Kashus would be and how the entire force would be split up.  She also told him all the knew about the Verdan forces, and then mentioned that Steelwind asked her to lead the fifth group.
"General Sasha," Arick said.  "Now that does have a ring to it."
"Very funny."
"You turned him down though?"
"Of course I did.  I can't lead an army," Sasha said.  "I'm still trying to learn how to fight as good as I used to."
"I think you'll be fine.  Just grab two swords and go at them like you did with me."
"I certainly need more practice if I want to use two swords.  When I was younger, I used to wield two axes.  Maybe I'll learn to do that again."
"We haven't had time for training lately."
"We haven't had time for a lot of things," she said.
"Come on," he said with a smile.  "I have some spiced mead back in my tent.  How about we go  and have a drink?"
"That sounds wonderful," Sasha replied.
They snuck back through the camp, which was settling in for the night.  Everyone wanted to get to sleep early, knowing they'd be up as soon as the sun rose.  Although Sasha wondered how many of them would be able to sleep at all.  Many would probably lie awake all night thinking about what was to come in the morning.  Camp fires flickered and snapped, sending embers floating up into the darkness, and the cold wind continued to blow, making the tents flap and wave.
Arick's tent was in a row with some of the others that came from Long Hearth, including Garven and Brannock, but neither of them were around.  They were probably still talking with Kashus.  Arick hunkered down and pulled the tent flaps open for Sasha to crawl inside, and then he crawled in after her.  The tent was just barely big enough for two people to sit inside, and it did little but block the wind.  The bottom of the tent was lined with furs lying on top of the snow.
He left the flap open a bit to let in some light from a nearby camp fire and then pulled out a bottle from his pack.  They didn't have any mugs, so he just drank straight from the bottle and handed it to her.  Sasha took a long drink and then sighed in relief as the mead spread its familiar warmth through her body, easing some of the tension in her muscles.
"Should we raise a toast?" Arick asked, taking another drink.  "Here's to a successful battle and the utter decimation of the Verdan Legion."
"I'll drink to that," Sasha chuckled, feeling some of her worries fade away.
They drank the whole bottle in a matter of minutes and Sasha laughed to herself as she chucked the empty bottle outside.  "Maybe we should go and find some more."
"Sorry, that was the only one I could find," Arick said.  "We're not the only ones trying to take the edge off right now.  We all could use a drink, I think."
He stretched out on the furs and propped up his head on his elbow.  In the dim light, Sasha could just barely make him out, seeing little more than a gray silhouette against the side of tent.  His eyes, however, shone in the darkness, glinting in the faint light.  She sat up and neither of them said anything for a few moments.
Maybe there's nothing left for us to say, she thought.  Or maybe we simply don't have to say anything.  In less than twelve hours, our entire world might change.  We might be defeated for all I know.  By this time tomorrow, I might be in chains again.  We might be dead, we might be victorious.
The last time I fought in a battle, I wasn't so afraid.  I was excited and couldn't sleep.  But maybe I didn't have as much to lose back then.  I was young and I felt invincible.  But I'm not invincible now, and I have so much more to lose.
What if this is our last night together?
She reached over and tugged the tent flap closed, so that they were alone in complete darkness.  Outside, she could hear the hiss of the wind, wrapping them in a cocoon of soft sound.  Slipping out of her heavy jacket, she crawled over to Arick and gently lowered herself over him.  Their lips touched and she felt his arms slide over her waist, pulling her close.  She tasted spiced mead on his lips and ran her fingers through his hair.
Arick's hands slid down her back and caressed her hips.  She pulled away from him briefly, her hands trembling a little bit as she began to undo the buttons on her overshirt.  Arick helped her pull it off, and then she slid her undershirt over her head and tossed it aside.  She shivered a bit when Arick's rough hands moved across her skin.  
She felt Arick's eyes on her, even in the pitch darkness.  He pulled his heavy woolen sweater off and she placed her hands against his bare chest.  He sat up, kissing her, and touched her face tenderly.  She could feel his breath on her cheek.
"Are you sure you want this?" he whispered.
"We might not have another chance," she breathed.
"I love you, Sasha."
"I love you too, Arick."
Chapter Forty
The Battle of Glacier's Edge

When the sun rose that morning, the Emperor's Legion was visible in the distance.  The entire camp was a frenzy of activity, with men running around trying to find armor and getting their weapons ready, kicking snow over their now-smoldering campfires and grabbing one last drink of mead to calm their nerves.  The sky was clear and bright, without a breath of wind or a flake of snow.
Sasha and Arick managed to dress themselves in the cramped little tent and then crawled out to join the others.  There were horns blowing and commanders shouting, as thousands of warriors, men and woman, young and old, all got ready for the battle together.  Sasha glimpsed women emerging from a few of the tents only to scamper away in the other direction.  Wives, girlfriends, or just camp followers giving their men some courage in the final night before the battle.
Arick grabbed her hand.  "Sasha, listen, if anything happens -"
She put her finger against his lips.  "Don't say it.  We're going to be just fine.  After this is over, I'll meet you back here, okay?  Promise me."
"I promise," he said.
She kissed him.  "I love you.  We have to go now, I'll see you after the battle!"
Arick nodded, but the look in his eyes was anything but certain.  They separated and Sasha ran through the camp to one of the weapon carts for those without their own swords.  Most of the good weapons were already picked, but Sasha found a decent sword and slid her arm through a metal buckler, tying it tight to her forearm.  She got a metal cap from one of the armorers, who gladly gave it to her, knowing who she was.
Everyone was running around, gathering into the five separate groups organized by Steelwind.  All around her, there were trained soldiers in heavy leather armor, wielding longswords and battle axes and two-handed war hammers.  Among them were civilians and other random fighters from all over Aushara, carrying hand axes and swords, dressed in leather and fur with a few shields and helmets among them.  Their red hair shone like fire in the morning sun, and their brown eyes and red eyes were open wide to greet the oncoming army.  They shouted and bellowed, yelling orders or just personal war cries, their voices rising up like a deafening crescendo, as if their voices could drive fear into the hearts of their enemies.
She heard horns blaring in the cold air, coming from the central plain far off to her right.  She ran among a group of soldiers bolting across the snowy expanse to a rise where a huge crowd of others awaited them.  Behind them towered the westernmost tip of the Warden's Crown Mountains, leagues off to the east, like a giant observer to the battle about to commence.  People shouted encouragement and spat curses at the Legion, which was now surging across the plain.  Sasha saw their blue and gold banners waving, their steel-tipped spears held high, their armor glinting in the morning sun. The enormous army moved in one solid line, so that Sasha couldn't even make out the division of their ranks.
Her own people spread out on the front side of the plain, arranged in three huge columns of several thousand men each.  Even from her current position, she could hear them bellowing and roaring, and the clash of their swords against shields.  She almost thought she could hear Steelwind himself shouting orders.  The fourth group, led by Kashus, was situated far on the other side of the battlefield, too far away for her to make out any details.
Arick is there somewhere.  Along with Garven and Brannock and Kashus.
Her head snapped around as someone began yelling at the gathered soldiers, telling them to get in lines and be ready to move.  All around her, people shuffled and arranged themselves in straight rows, lined up diagonal to the battlefield.
Their job was to hold and protect the rear flank of the main force, to keep any Legion units from trying to circle around.  Most likely, they would face a charge from cavalry as well as archers, hoping to thin out their defenses to make room for a flanking maneuver.  But the flat, open terrain here would prevent any surprise movements or unforeseen tactics.  What Sasha knew about military strategy told her the battle would be a straightforward affair, without much maneuvering or flanking due to the inability of either army to shift position or split their forces without being seen.  
The Legion had superiority in numbers and was composed entirely of trained soldiers with better equipment than the Aushar, so the Warlord General, Olrian Helmbreaker, would use that to his advantage.  He would simply bring the majority of his forces right into the heart of Steelwind's army in the hopes of overpowering them in the initial charge of the battle and smashing through the Aushar lines.  If he could break the strength of their main army, then the remaining forces, which he must know were composed mostly of armed civilians and inexperienced fighters, would either retreat or fall into disarray.
No one spoke as they watched the Emperor's Legion march steadily across the plain.  Sasha glanced at the people around her.  They were common villagers and civilians, dressed in fur and leather, gripping short swords or hand axes that might have been used to chop firewood a few days before.  Some wielded pickaxes or other makeshift weapons, and one old man far down the line held a huge butcher knife in his hand.  Some of them were older than Kashus, their red hair fading to gray, their faces lined and weathered.  There was a middle-aged woman down the row, carrying a heavy mace in her hand, her bright red hair tied in a bun on her head.  Some of them were younger than Sasha, some still possibly in their teens, just like she had been once upon a time.  Excitement and fear flashed across their faces.  
"Are you ? are you Sasha Snowfire?" came a whispered voice beside her.
She turned to see a young man looking at her in amazement, his red eyes wide open in recognition.  He had an old sword in one hand, with chips and nicks along the front edge of the blade, and a battered shield in his other.  He looked no older than twenty.
"Yes," she said, nodding.
"I thought you were, you know, like in charge or something."
"No, I'm right here fighting with the rest of you."
A few others mumbled around her, and she glanced around to see more surprised faces.  The man in line behind her leaned forward and said in a gruff voice, "When I heard you were here, fighting alongside that fellow Steelwind, I had to come here to see for myself.  But I never thought I'd be fighting by your side for real."
"It's ? it's an honor," the young man said nervously.
Sasha shook her head and smiled at him.  "No, it's an honor for me to fight beside all of you.  Right now we're all in this together."
"It's happening!" someone blurted up front.
With a long howl of a trumpet, the Emperor's Legion charged.  Arrows soared across the open field to fall across the front lines of the Aushar army, and then they burst forward in a huge screaming mass, heading straight for the oncoming Verdans.  More arrows launched from the far side of the Aushar lines to scatter through the Verdan soldiers.  Men fell in their tracks, arrows sticking from their chests.  The first blood graced the snow.
The armies clashed in a huge battering collision of swords and shields, bodies flying to the ground, men struck down and trampled, weapons splashed with blood.  More men surged from the back, pushing the others forward, squeezing them into a swirling mass of bodies, the space where the armies converged turning into a brutal melee half a league wide.
"Hold!" one of the men up front snapped when a few of the people in her group took a few steps forward, as if ready to run down into the fight.
The Legion moved in three waves, just as Steelwind predicted.  The first wave charged forward, and the other two split off and moved to the left and right to sweep around the Aushar forces, but the Aushar in reserve, composed mostly of the second army, moved around to meet them.
"Here they come!"
Sasha looked up and saw fast-moving black shapes sweep across the open field, the powerful Verdan cavalry finally making their move to cut across the Aushar flanks.  Over one hundred huge horses surged across the wide open space, their thundering hooves kicking up sprays of white snow, riders holding huge longswords ready to chop down the Aushar footsoldiers.
"There!" a man screamed.  "They're going straight for it!  I don't believe it!"
The front line of charging horses immediately tumbled and crashed down into the snow, throwing their riders.  Sasha watched in shock as two-thirds of the horses went down as if the ground was pulled out from under them.  She heard the horses wail and scream in pain even from so far away, and the sound cut her to the bone, making her wince.  The riders in the rear of the column tried to slow their mounts, but more of them went down, and the few who remained were suddenly swarmed from all sides by Aushar warriors, unable to get up to speed.  Riders were yanked from their saddles and quickly killed, and the riderless horses turned and fled.
"It worked!" she heard a man cry victoriously.
The rest of the Legion didn't seem to notice, and just kept coming forward in a relentless wave of bodies slamming into the Aushar, but the failure of the cavalry charge opened up the side of the battlefield for the Aushar to shift further along the eastern flank.  Sasha watched the tide of the battle in absolute amazement.d
During the night, dozens of Aushar ha snuck out to the battlefield under cover of darkness and secretly pounded long metal stakes into the frozen ground, using numerous combined Charms to work silently and leave no footprints upon the surface.  The stakes were connected by long lines of chain  just under the level of the snow to conceal them.
Steelwind and his commanders knew that the Legion cavalry was the greatest threat in the battle.  Her father's final battle taught them that much at least.  So they arranged the lines of chain along the flanks of where their own army would move, in the hopes that the cavalry would make their run in the most obvious place.  It was a careful strategy and unlikely to work perfectly, but somehow, it did just that.
Another line of cavalry coming from the far side were already slowing down and trying to redirect their assault, seeing that their comrades had fallen into the trap.  A few of them hit the chains and went down, forcing the rest of them to stop and turn around, or to try to carefully navigate the field to avoid the hidden chains.  This gave the Aushar more than enough time to swing toward them as arrows rained down from the fourth army's position, striking horses and riders alike.  The cavalry was taken care of, almost completely neutralized in one fell swoop, and the few riders who remained were trying to ride into the main battle to do what damage they could.
The battle continued for what seemed like hours, but it couldn't have been for more than a few minutes.  Sasha watched in rapt attention, holding her breath, trying to follow the shifts and changes along the front lines.  The Aushar gained momentum at one point, but was pushed back once again.  The Legion sent their third wave forward right into the heart of the battle to give their army the advantage, and the Aushar forces finally began to break under the power of superior numbers.  The line began to crumble, and the Verdans looked like they were about to break through.
"Ready!" the commander cried.
Sasha took this one last moment to pray.  Lord of Ice, Lord of the Wind, Lord of the Sky, please hear me.  You have done so much for me, you have given me the strength to overcome all my obstacles, and the courage to fight against my enemies one more time.  Your land and your people have suffered too long under the authority of Verdana, and now is the time for us to take back our freedom and our destiny.  Please give your power to the people fighting here with me, give them your courage and your bravery.  Help us destroy this army that seeks to enslave us.
I will not ask you to save my life.  I believe you have already done that once before.  But if I should die in battle this day, I hope to spend eternity in the Halls of Ice with my father and all those who have died before me.  And I beg you to give strength and comfort to the man I love.  Watch over him for me.  I am your loyal servant always.
"Look!  Look over there!" someone screamed joyously.
The entire army seemed to turn and watch as a huge surge of men appeared behind the main force of Steelwind's army, charging toward the battlefield with a deafening war cry.  They were Aushar, hundreds of them, their dark red hair waving as they rushed down from the camp area in one concentrated surge of bodies.
"Keshard," Sasha muttered.  She had never even met the man named Keshard, but she knew that it must be his army from Long Hearth, arriving just in time to finally turn the tide in their favor.   She had no idea how he could have made it here so incredibly fast, but the sight of his army pouring down along the side of the battlefield sent her heart racing.  
"It's Keshard!" she shouted.  "He made it!  It's Keshard and his men!"
"Ready!" the commander cried once more, raising his arm.
All around her, the crowd cheered and shouted, raising their weapons.  Sasha found herself screaming right along with them.
"Now!"
They leaped across the snow, running full speed, hair whipping behind them, their feet barely even touching the surface.  Sasha felt her heart pounding, the long-forgotten rush of adrenaline pounding in her veins as she descended into the fray.  All traces of weariness and anxiety and fear were gone as the entire fifth army flowed across the field like an avalanche.
They rushed along the eastern flank of the Legion army and slammed into the spread out mob of soldiers, just as the huge army led by Keshard came up and swept into the Aushar lines, pounding against the Verdan warriors who led the Legion charge, forcing them back.  Sasha ran in the middle of a pack of Aushar and they collided with the Legion soldiers, hitting the invading army from two directions at the same time.
Blood splattered across the snow, bodies fell, men screamed and died all around, both Verdan and Aushar.  Sasha struck at a Legion soldier, slamming her sword into his chest and knocking him back.  He stumbled and fell back, and was immediately set upon by two others, a sword jammed into his neck.  Bodies swirled and circled around her in a storm of combat, and she ran at another Legion soldier who was facing off against an Aushar wielding a battleaxe.  Just as the Verdan's sword slashed across the man's exposed stomach, Sasha leaped forward and buried her blade up to the hilt into his ribs.  They both slumped into the snow, and Sasha yanked her blade free, blood splashing across her arm.
She was breathing hard, her heart pounding, and lifted her buckler to deflect a sideways slash that cracked against the metal surface, rattling her arm.  The Legion soldier swore at her and she dove in, stabbing him in the thigh and he bashed down at her, the tip of his blade scraping against her helmet.  When Sasha rolled to her feet, she saw that one of her comrades had stabbed him in the back, pushing him down into the blood-soaked slush at their feet.
She ran through the fray, striking where she could, blocking blows against her shield and always moving, trying to see in all directions at once.  Despite the rush of adrenaline and excitement, she was still not the fighter she had been once upon a time.  She was not as fast and powerful as most of the others, and chose her combats carefully.  Blood splattered against her face, and she felt deafened by the screams and howls all around her, cries of pain and cheers of victory.  She was lost in a tornado of clashing bodies and clanging steel.  Here in the middle of the fight, she had no way to know who was winning or what was happening anywhere else.  Her world shrunk to a circle thirty feet in diameter, and it was filled with blades and blood.
A Legion soldier with blood splashed across the front of his armor, his blonde hair pasted to his sweaty face, lunged at her, sword outstretched.  She twisted and blocked the strike, almost losing her feet on the slippery ground.  She felt someone tumble past her arm, and swung around to smash her buckler into another Verdan's back, slamming him away from her.  She staggered clumsily and swung her sword back at the other man, who barreled into her and heaved with his sword, knocking her own sword away, making her arm rattle with pain from the impact.
His sword slashed by in a blur and something pounded into her chest.  Breath burst from her lungs and her legs slipped away from underneath her.  Landing on her back, she splashed down on the wet snow, dazed and breathless, her shield arm going numb.  The sky shone bright blue over her head, and her vision was edged by more bodies fighting and swarming around.  The man who struck her was gone, off to fight someone else.
She let her sword slip from her hand, and slowly reached up to touch the front of her leather jacket.  She felt slick warmth dripping across her neck and under her left arm.  She pressed down on her shoulder with her right hand, and her glove came away bloody.  Her breath began to quicken, and she pressed down harder, feeling the long slash in the front of the jacket, and the bloody gash in her skin underneath.  And then the pain came, making her cringe and cry out.  She groaned and squeezed her eyes shut, feeling tears leak down the sides of her face.
"No, no," she breathed, voiceless.
Blood leaked down the sides of her chest and soaked through her shirt.  Her hand shook uncontrollably as she unbuttoned the jacket and tried to pull away the bloody cloth to reveal her injury, but she couldn't do it with one hand.  So she let her head fall back and simply pressed down with her hand, hoping it was enough to stop the flow of blood.
"They're retreating!" someone screamed an unknown time later.  "They're retreating!"
"Come on!  Let's keep after them!"
Sasha attempted to shout for help, but she couldn't speak or catch her breath.  Her vision was blurry and unsteady as she tried to look around, seeing nothing but more bodies laying in the snow  around her, both Verdan and Aushar.  She couldn't even count them all.  Weapons lay like discarded toys among the tumbled bodies.   All of them were dead, except for her.  She was the only living person in a field of death.
She saw people coming towards her, scanning the field of corpses.  The sounds of battle still raged, but were farther away now, receding into the distance.
"Here," she gasped, raising her hand.  "Help me, please."
"Lonny!  Over here!" a man shouted.
"Help," Sasha mumbled weakly.  Blackness enclosed on her vision as the men ran forward, and she let herself slip into unconsciousness.  She drifted in and out of awareness, opening her eyes as a few people appeared over her, talking rapidly.  Someone knelt over her and pressed down hard on her chest.  She tried to ask their names, but she couldn't speak.  It felt like every drop of blood in her body had spilled onto the snow.
"We got more injured folks over here.  We need some help.  Are they bringing litters down or what?  This girl here needs stitched up."
"They got a bunch of folks from Edge coming down right now."
"Here, keep talking to her."
"You're gonna be fine, little sister.  Just keep looking at me.  You got a nasty cut there, but you're gonna be all right."
They gave her something to drink and then shifted her onto a wooden pallet with a man on each end to carry her away.  When they lifted her up, she tilted her head to the side and looked out across the battlefield.  Dozens of people walked around, checking the bodies to see if anyone else was alive. 
Hundreds, thousands of bodies littered the open plain, and the once-white snow was now a pink slurry.  Other people carried out injured Aushar on makeshift stretchers, and even more of them walked out under their own power, arms slung over the shoulders of their comrades to help them walk away.  There were a few injured Verdan soldiers as well, hands raised weakly in surrender.  Sasha didn't have the energy to care about them.
Tired of seeing so much pain and death, she closed her eyes to stop looking at the bodies as she floated past them.  There were just too many for her to contemplate.  How many brave Aushar lost their lives defending their homeland on this day?  How many of them would never see their families again?  How many Verdan soldiers met the same fate, fighting a meaningless war in a foreign land?
Sasha's clothes were soaked from lying on her back for so long and she felt freezing cold.  But she didn't have the energy to summon a Charm.  She mumbled an incoherent question to one of the people carrying her, and he merely said, "We're taking you back to the camp.  Just hold out for a little longer."
She passed out once more, and when she opened her eyes, there were more than a dozen people crowded around, some of them kneeling right beside her, the others standing behind them, looking down anxiously.  Her left shoulder was smeared with blood and little black stitches were sticking out of the closed wound.  She tried to lift her head but didn't have the strength.
"You're okay, Miss Snowfire."  She blinked and saw an elderly man beside her, wiping his hands on a rag.  "Your collarbone is broken, I'm afraid. But you're going to be just fine, I think.  Looks like he just barely got you with the tip of his sword.  Pretty damn lucky if you ask me."
Lined up in rows on each side of her were more injured people stretched out on wooden pallets or lying on the ground, some of them with minor cuts or stab wounds, and some of them much worse off than Sasha was.  People hurried around, helping the doctors and getting food and medicine to the wounded.  A woman scampered by, her arms full of bandages.  Sasha could hear cries of pain and sorrow, but despite that, there seemed to be a feeling of joy and excitement running through the camp.
The doctor moved away to treat someone else, and Arick was there behind him, immediately kneeling down next to her, taking his hand in hers.  He smiled widely and leaned in to kiss her.  One of his boots was off, and his bare foot was wrapped in a gray bandage, his toes sticking out.  Other than that, he seemed unharmed.
"Hey," he said, his voice quavering a bit with emotion.  "Are you okay?  How do you feel?" he asked.  He squeezed her hand tightly and she did her best to return it.  His eyes were wet with tears.
She sighed and then gave him a weak smile.  "Alive," she croaked.  
"That makes two of us," he replied.
"The battle ? it's over?  We won?"
He nodded.  "Yeah, the fight is over here.  Helmbreaker called a general retreat a little while ago and they're trying to do a defensive withdrawal.  Steelwind gathered most of the men who could still fight and went after them.  He'll chase them all the way to Arlora."
A young man seated on the other side of her held her arm and said excitedly, "We won, Miss Snowfire!  We beat them!"  She realized he was the one standing with her before the fight.  She was happy to see that he was still alive, even though she didn't even know his name.
"Your foot?" she said to Arick.
He chuckled in embarrassment and then nodded.  "Yeah, an arrow got me in the foot right at the start of the battle.  I didn't even get to do any fighting."
She didn't have the energy to laugh, but she smiled at him.
He leaned closer and said, "You got it worse than I did.  Do you want to see the damage?  The doctor was right, you got very lucky."
"Yes, show me."
Arick helped lift her head up so she could see the long, straight cut running from the tip of her shoulder, across her broken collarbone, and down across her left breast.  They pulled open her jacket and sliced away her bloody shirt in order to get to the wound, but someone had kindly folded her jacket back over her chest to protect her modesty.  The edge of the cut was pink and bloody, but it was now closed up with a line of tiny black stitches.  She would have to remain stationary for a few days until the cut healed enough that she wasn't at risk of the stitches ripping out, and it would take awhile for the broken bone to mend, but it was surely going to leave a nasty scar across her chest.
"Lucky," she muttered.
Arick let out a worried sigh and placed his hand gently on her chest, as if reassuring himself that he could feel her heart beating.  "Another inch deeper and it would have cracked through your ribs and you'd be in a lot more pain than you are now," he said uncomfortably.  "It might have ? it might have killed you.  So yes, you're incredibly lucky."
"I know.  We both made it."
"We did."
The other people crowded around Sasha gave her their good wishes and thanked her again for joining the battle, and then they eventually wandered off to help out where they could.  There were still more wounded coming into the camp, both Aushar and Verdan, and anyone able to help out was busy fetching supplies or blankets or preparing food and trying to keep things organized.  And then they had to start the long, awful work of clearing the battlefield of the dead.  That would take the rest of the day and most of the next.
When Arick was alone with her, they kissed once more, and he slipped his hand underneath her to embrace her, but Sasha winced in pain when she tried to sit up.  He apologized nervously and then folded a thick fur blanket over her so she would stay warm, trying to keep her comfortable.
He said, "When they brought you in, I didn't know how bad you were hurt.  All I could see was the blood, and I thought that ? well, I thought you weren't going to make it."
"Shhh, it's okay."
"I was so scared," he said.  "After everything we've been through ? I thought I lost you once before, and now this ..."
She was too tired to keep talking, so she just held his hand.  He wiped his eyes and then composed himself.  Sasha didn't know what to say to him, how to console him.  She remembered the cocky braggart she met in Arawend and had a hard time identifying him as the man who sat now before her.  She wondered what she had done to make him care about her so much, since she spent their first few days together doing nothing but pushing him away.
"I'm not ? going away again," she whispered.  "Promise you."
"I'm not going anywhere either.  You're stuck with me now," he said intensely.  "I'm going to stick right by your side from now on."
A girl came by carrying bowls of steaming broth, and Arick took one.  He propped Sasha's head up on a blanket and then carefully spooned broth into her mouth, trying in vain not to spill any down her face.  She laughed a few times, but laughing only caused her stitches to pull and sting, so she tried not to, even as Arick himself found the humor in it.  The food brought much-needed warmth and strength back into her numb body.
A little while later, Garven Silverhorn arrived to see her.  His arm was in a crude sling, his hand  wrapped in a bandage with blood soaking through.
"Sasha," he said in relief.  "I heard you made it through okay.  It's good to see you again."
"Good to see you too," she said, still wrapped up in a blanket.  
"I thought you might like to know that Wolan Grayfrost came through after all.  His people ran into Keshard's army and joined up with them on the way here.  They used dog sleds and horses, that's how they got here so fast.  So it looks like your speech managed to convince them.  They certainly showed up at the perfect time.  They helped turn the tide."
"Where are they now?"
"They joined up with Steelwind to chase after the Legion."
"How far will he follow them?  He won't follow them all the way to Verdana, will he?"
"I think that was his plan," Garven said.  "He wanted to personally kick them completely out of Aushara.  He also wanted to take Helmbreaker captive if he could, but I don't see that happening now.  Helmbreaker is long gone, running with his tail between his legs."
"So," Sasha said, "does that mean it's really over?  We're really free?"
"Looks that way," he said.  "But there is one more thing I wanted to tell you."
"What is it?"
Garven rubbed his beard with his good hand.  He spoke calmly without much emotion, but Sasha could see the pain in his eyes.  "Kashus didn't make it.  Brannock's dead too."
"I'm sorry," Sasha said.  "I don't know what else to say."
"I know you didn't care for Kashus, but ..."
"He redeemed himself in the end, I think.  He died fighting for our homeland.  We can't ask any more than that."
"We'll honor him when the time comes," Arick said.  "Kashus and Brannock, and everyone else who gave their lives."
"And Dragonwind," Sasha said.  "And Marden, and Keesa, and the others at the fort.  They sacrificed everything so we could even be here."
"That's true," Garven said with a nod.  "We've lost a lot of good people.  I hope they're looking down on us right now, glad to know their sacrifices meant something."
"I know they are," Sasha said.  "And my father is right there with them."
Epilogue
The New King of Aushara

It was cold and blustery outside on the day King Alvorus Steelwind was officially given the crown of Aushara.  Fat white snowflakes swirled in the air over the city of White Flame under the cover of a gray sky.  In the eight tendays since the Battle of Glacier's Edge, the nation of Verdana had given up any hold over its northern neighbor.  The Emperor's Legion was recalled to Verdana and the Legion forts on Aushar land were abandoned.  White Flame was completely cleansed of any Verdan sympathizers in the days following the rebellion.  The Emperor's Delegation and anyone else with Verdan loyalties was forcefully exiled south.
The massive crowd gathered below Winterhome numbered in the tens of thousands as the crown was placed on Steelwind's brow, marking the reign of the first Aushar King in nearly a decade.  The crowds cheered and roared, shaking the roots of the city with the power of their joy and celebration.  The streets were packed with bodies, shoulder to shoulder for several blocks.  Not a single one of them had blonde hair.  There were horns and trumpets, banners and flags, and buckets of colored confetti raining down from high windows to mark the grand occasion.
Sasha Snowfire stood far back to watch the ceremony, her hands tucked into the pockets of her  fur coat.  Flakes of snow landed on her bright red hair.  Steelwind gave a speech, his already loud voice amplified by a Charm so the crowd could hear him, but this far back it was impossible to know what he was saying.  Sasha didn't need to hear him, because she already knew most of it.  Despite her limited role in the freedom of Aushara, there were still those who believed that the daughter of the great Orden Snowfire deserved a place within Steelwind's council of advisers.  Sasha turned down any such position within the government.  Much to Steelwind's relief, she suspected.
"All hail King Steelwind!  All Hail King Steelwind!" the crowd roared.
Sasha didn't join in the cheering.  Steelwind was a decent man, a brave warrior and utterly dedicated to his homeland, just like Sasha was, but there were better people who could have become King.  She didn't like the idea of hailing an individual person.  It reminded her too much of the way the people of Verdana honored their Emperor King.  She felt the crowd should have been cheering, "Hail Aushara!" instead.
Arick put his arm around her shoulder and held her tight as they watched the rest of the coronation ceremony, lost together in their thoughts.  True to his word, he stuck with her every day since the battle, and the two of them barely spent an hour apart since then.  Sasha rested her head against him and he rubbed her arm affectionately.
They lived in a small house in White Flame that formerly belonged to one of the Delegation's many low-level administrators.  Since neither of them had a job, they lived there for free, but Sasha didn't think they would stay much longer.  She didn't like living in the city and was more than ready to move out and find somewhere else to live.
Most of their friends from the caravan were in the city as well.  Alaster, Darl, Dravina, Polla, Noren, Samily, and all the rest were living in White Flame and making new lives for themselves.  Alaster and Polla were living together and were likely going to get married soon.  Dravina and Darl developed a surprise romance and were together as well.  Darl found an apprenticeship working as a blacksmith, and was busy making armor for the newly-created Aushar Guard, the first national army of Aushara under the direct authority of the King.
The three forts were already being resupplied and staffed with new units of Aushar Guard soldiers.  The forts would serve much the same function as before, but now they were under the control of Aushara and would serve as the first line of defense if Verdana ever tried to encroach on Aushar land again.  Garven had already been promoted to the rank of Captain in the Guard and accepted the new position of Commander of Fort Wardenhall.  He would be leaving soon to take his new post.
They were the survivors.  But watching the celebration made Sasha think about those who had not survived, the ones who had been left behind.  They always seemed to be on her mind.
Kashus was buried in his home village of Gray Lake.  But not everyone was given such a ceremony.  Sasha thought about the ones she had been friends with for so short a time.  Farakas Dragonwind was put to rest in an unmarked grave near Fort Wardenhall, along with all the others who lost their lives there, like Marden Thundersky and Keesa Goldrunner.  For some reason, their deaths bothered Sasha more than the others.
The one who had betrayed them all, Olfred Brightwell, was never seen again.  It amazed Sasha to think that one person could be responsible for so much misery and death.  If Olfred had not betrayed them to Verdana, then everything would have been different.  Steelwind might have conquered the other forts.  The Battle of Glacier's Edge would never have happened.  Dragonwind and all the others might still be alive.  
Where is Olfred now, I wonder?  Living comfortably in some Verdan city with his reward for being a spy?  Do all those deaths on his conscience bother him at all?  I hope he knows that every single person in Aushara knows his name now.  A new identity won't even help him, because his appearance is too unique.  Eventually someone from Aushara will find out where he's hiding, and on that day he'll find a knife drawn across his throat.
After the coronation, a parade made its way down one of the major avenues through the city.  Joyous citizens lined the streets and threw flowers at the rows of strutting horses, musicians and entertainers, wagons with large decorations mounted on them, and long columns of soldiers.  Many of them had fought at Glacier's Edge, but the city guard soldiers who helped depose the Delegation were also given a celebration.  Sasha had no interest in taking part in a parade, so she stayed out of it.
"There's Garven," Arick said, pointing.
He rode one of the horses coming down the street, waving mechanically at the crowd along with many others on horseback.  His son Luther rode beside him, beaming at the crowd, enjoying his moment in the sun even though he had not taken part in the battle.  But Sasha didn't mind him being there.  Luther had earned his place by his father's side.
"Want to get out of here?" Arick asked, leaning down so she could hear him over the roar of the crowd and the blare of the trumpets.
"I would love to get out of here," she said with a smile.
They wandered through the city for a little while, walking hand in hand.  The streets away from the parade were mostly empty, so they were alone for the most part, traveling through a city fresh with snow from the night before.  Some sections of the street were not even marred by footprints yet.
They went across one of the arched bridges over the Heart River and Sasha stopped in the middle, looking toward the ocean.  Arick leaned against the railing and looked at her with a grin.  Recently, he had let his facial hair grow out a little bit, and he had a neatly trimmed mustache and beard on his chin.  It made him appear older and more distinguished, and Sasha enjoyed the way he looked.
"What are you thinking about now?"
"Nothing," she said, brushing her hair back.
"I don't believe you.  You're always thinking about something."
"Not always."
"I told Garven we'd meet him and the others for dinner tonight, don't forget.  He's leaving in a few days.  We're having one last big party to wish him farewell."
"I remember.  What about us, when are we going to leave?"
"I don't know," Arick said with a shrug.  "I could still accept another job with Bayron Wolfhunter.  I could get an assignment in almost any city south of here, if that's what you want."
"Is that what you want?"
"Not really," he said, setting his elbows on the railing to follow her gaze out toward the sea.  "But what else can we do?  I could join the Guard and find work almost anywhere, but I'm not interested in that either."
"You like living in a city though, don't you?"
"Sure, I guess."
"Not me," she said, shaking her head.  She knocked some snow from the railing and watched it flutter down to the ice below.  "I want to go and find a nice little village somewhere.  That's where I feel safe, that's where I belong."
"That's fine too," Arick said.
"Do you think you could live somewhere like that?  Could you give up all the excitement of living in a big city?"
"I think I've had enough excitement to last the rest of my life," he chuckled.  
"If that's true, then I've had enough excitement to last a dozen lifetimes," Sasha said, nudging him in the ribs and giving him a quirky smile.  "You want exciting?  Jump into the ocean from the top wall of Dandrakan Prison in the middle of a hurricane.  Now that's exciting."
"I bet you didn't think that way at the time."
"No, not really," she said, her smile fading.
I don't think most people would even believe me if I told them what I've been through.  Arick is the only person who really knows the whole story.  If I really wanted to, I could share it with everyone and turn it into some kind of legend.  
The daughter of the hero Orden Snowfire, witness to the attack on Fort Wardenhall, survivor of the Battle of the Blue Forest and the Battle of Glacier's Edge, the only person to ever successfully escape from Dandrakan Prison, the woman who fell from the Warden's Rim and magically reappeared leagues away with no memory of how she got there.  It would make quite a tale
"So what are you thinking about now?" Arick asked again.
"The future," she said quietly.
"You and me?"
"All of us.  All of Aushara, I mean.  We have a King now, but what's going to happen in the long run?  We'll always have to be vigilant that someday Verdana might try to take over again.  Steelwind won't be King forever, and he has no children.  Who will be King when he dies?  Will our next King be weak like Blackmane was?"
"We don't have to worry about that right now," Arick said, taking her hand.  "Right now the future is just the two of us.  We are the future of Aushara."
"I like the sound of that."
"Maybe one of our children will become King," he suggested.
"One of them?  How many are we going to have?" she laughed.
"I don't know.  Five sounds like a nice number."
"Don't I have a say in this?  I'll be the one giving birth to them, after all."
He took her in his arms and smiled.  "Well, how many do you want to have?"
"Let's just have one and then see how it goes," she grinned, slipping her arms around his waist and standing up on her toes to kiss him on the lips.  
"I want to marry you," he said.
"Do you really want a stubborn half-Verdan girl as your wife?"
"Yes, I do.  Do you really want a cocky, macho jerk as your husband?"
"Yes, I do," she said, pulling down on his collar so she could kiss him again.
Above them, the snow continued to fall.  
About the Author

Mike Kenny started posting short stories on a personal Geocities website in 1996.  In 2002, he graduated from Lycoming College with degrees in Creative Writing and Philosophy.  He continued to post fiction on his personal website until 2008, and later posted works on websites such as FictionPress.  The Snow Wolf's Daughter is his first official novel published with his real name.  He was born in Pennsylvania and currently lives in Wisconsin.
