THE ORB OF WRATH
NIC WEISSMAN

Selected acclaim for Nic Weissman
‘‘The Orb of Wrath is a compelling, well-written and meticulously crafted epic fantasy novel. Nic Weissman has proven himself to be a gifted storyteller with a vivid imagination and world-building skills.’’
Blog Write-Escape

‘‘It is a fantasy, one of my favorite genres. I found the sentences lyrical. Everything flowed, nothing jarring. It is easy to become caught up in the beauty of this work.’’
Author Jordan Elizabeth

“In the manner of great fantasy, The Orb of Wrath by Nic Weissman keeps his plot spinning, full of sub-plots, intrigue and the magic of other lands. (…) Follow the words of Nic Weissman as he builds wonderful scenes, interesting characters and a story of true adventure in another world. No detail is too small as this world is staged, as two young men who have always been there for each other stand side by side on the greatest adventure of their lives.”
Blog Tome Tender

This is what readers are saying:
“Author Nic Weissman is an exciting breath of fresh area in the world of Fantasy. (…) The Orb of Wrath doesn’t waste any time getting you into a very fast-paced adventure in the spirit of R.A. Salvatore or Margaret Weis/Tracy Hickman with a foundation of an ancient foundation of a battle between Black and Silver Dragons! (…) He tops many of their contributors in the depths of his story, a true Picasso of wordsmithing.”
‘‘It’s extremely exciting to read, I literally couldn’t stop reading it. It kind of gets you far far away from your boring everyday life with the epic scenes, picturesque views, dragons, magic, knights, elves and ogres… And it is also written so beautifully! Thanks a lot for the great time I’ve had reading this amazing book!’’
‘‘This was a great book. Full of intrigue and a group of diverse characters that it’s hard not to like. With everything from action to underhanded politics this book will leave you waiting for the sequel. Can´t wait to see where this group’s next adventure takes them.’’
‘‘Amazing book! Great character development and an even better story build-up. I was so excited at the end that I didn't want to put it down. There's a little bit of everything in The Orb of Wrath; from vampires to romance! Can't wait for book #2.’’
‘‘This was an excellent read, fast moving and full of twists and a very enjoyable plot. I cannot wait for the next book in the series.’’
‘‘This was an awesome story...I do love a good fantasy!!! As a reader, I was taken away to distant lands where a myriad of characters awaited. There was plenty of action, adventure and intrigue. I highly recommend it to others!!’’

Download Nic Weissman's books available now



The Orb of Wrath: © 2015 by Nic Weissman
Cover Design: Nic Weissman
Fifth Edition: © February 2021, Nic Weissman

This edition has been translated by Emma Colina and it has been edited by Richard Nicol.
Cover Image: © Atelier Sommerland, used under license from Shutterstock.com
Page divider ‘divider”29115_640.png’ is public domain (CC0) and was obtained at pixabay.com.
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the relevant provider and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



To my love
 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
First Part: The mansion on the hill
Prologue
Chapter 1: The Commander's house
Chapter 2: The Royal Box
Chapter 3: Arrows and bows
Chapter 4: The garden of jasmines
Chapter 5: The mansion on the hill
Chapter 6: The city of the Emerald Lake
Chapter 7: Thirst for evil
Chapter 8: An unexpected meeting
Chapter 9: The Royal Palace
Chapter 10: Truths and secrets
Chapter 11: Books and potions

Second Part: Assault to the vampire's crypt
Prologue
Chapter 1: Beyond the portal
Chapter 2: The soldier, the gnome and the wizard
Chapter 3: The cave
Chapter 4: The valley
Chapter 5: The orb
Chapter 6: The castle
Chapter 7: The laboratory
Chapter 8: The crypt
Chapter 9: Life or death
Chapter 10: Leap into the void
Chapter 11: The prelude to the battle
Chapter 12: Ronu's story
Epilogue
Appendix
About the author
Discover other books
Connect with Nic


FIRST PART
THE MANSION ON THE HILL

PROLOGUE


The hatred and rivalry between Azuharr and Tazar dated back to almost a thousand years ago. Azuharr was a black dragon, evil and twisted, like all black dragons. Tazar was a silver dragon, wise and well-meaning.
When Tazar was just a teenage dragon, in his eighties, he lived with his mother in their lair, a huge cavern in the depths of a mountain in the Metallic Mounts. Tazar would become an adult in a few years and leave his mother's home, but the time had not yet come.
One night, without warning, two black dragons attacked them by surprise. They were father and son. The oldest of these was a great wyrm, an extremely old and fully developed dragon, powerful and huge. The other was Azuharr, an adult dragon somewhat younger, but also very dangerous. Somehow they had managed to find out the location of the lair, where his mother had accumulated a prodigious treasure spanning centuries.
Tazar and his mother fought against the intruders bravely. In an epic battle, one the bards would have sung for generations, if any had been privileged to witness it, Tazar and his mother managed to bring down and destroy the great wyrm. Unfortunately, Tazar's mother received a fatal wound. Before dying, his mother told him to flee, knowing that Tazar would have no chance against the adult dragon, enraged by the death of his father. She also asked him to never return to the lair, as it would put him at serious risk.
In the most difficult and painful decision of his life, young Tazar left his mother before she lost her last breath, and managed to flee and save himself, not without great difficulty. In the following years, some humans helped the dragon. Without such support he might not have survived and therefore Tazar established a bond of appreciation, committed to the human race. 
Tazar then hid and waited.

.
CHAPTER 1: THE COMMANDER'S HOUSE


Erion should exercise extreme caution now. He glided with very small steps on the cable that he had tended from the guard tower to the roof of the commander's mansion. As he walked, he concentrated on the next step, and tried not to look down at the void beneath him. He must be about fifteen or twenty steps above the street. A fall from there would probably be fatal, but Erion had a lot of experience and was not worried, nor particularly nervous. 
At the moment, everything was going smoothly. The surveillance he had done in previous days had worked perfectly. He had been able to determine the schedules of the city guard and also of the commander's house, which allowed him to plan the day and the right time to strike. On Wednesday at eleven, when it was pitch black, the guards changed shifts. He knew the right moment in which he could slide smoothly through the window of the first floor of the guard´s tower and climb quickly and quietly to the highest floor of it, while the soldiers were switching weapons on the ground floor. 
From the roof of the tower, and with the help of his small hand crossbow and a harpoon, it was easy to lay the cable. But he had to move quickly and remove it before the new guards took their positions at all levels of the tower.
While walking along the cable, he could hear the noise of the soldiers leaving to go to their homes, or perhaps to an inn. Luckily they were already distracted and none of them happened to look up just then. In addition, his dark clothes were very well camouflaged against the colors of the stone with which most of the buildings from the area had been built. This, coupled with the fact that this was a night with a waning moon, made it a little more difficult to distinguish him.
Gradually, he came closer to the facade of the commander's palace. He was about to get there. Maybe five steps more. Suddenly, a small gust of wind shook him slightly and he had to struggle not to lose balance. The cable had some slack and began to wobble on the sides. He waited, patient, while the movement ceased. He took a deep breath and continued. Two, three, four steps and hop, a little jump let him reach the roof of the mansion. 
Without missing a beat, he dropped the harpoon from the place it was embedded in. He verified that there was no one on the street and then, with a deft flick of his wrist, released the cable from its handhold on the tower, and withdrew it quickly and without making any noise. He hid the material in a corner of the roof where it was hard to see. He was in.
One of the advantages of entering a home for the second time is that you know the layout of the building and you know where you can hide. The big disadvantage is that, because people do not like being robbed, you always find surprises or additional protection that was not present the first time. However, Erion was wise and insightful. He always waited for at least a year and a half before "visiting" a house for the second time. He had found that people would relax again a year or so after a robbery. However, they always added some extra precautions permanently. He wondered what surprises awaited him this time.
He walked stealthily to the door leading to the terrace. It was locked. And the lock was of good quality. If he remembered correctly, the time before that door couldn't be locked. Surely, the commander had thought impossible for someone to come in from there with the guard tower right in front, but this time he had been careful by protecting all possible entries. 
He put his hand in a pocket inside his jacket and pulled out a set of picks. Even good-quality locks weren't going to prove difficult in his capable hands. He slid the pick in the lock. A flick of the wrist. Clack! A second attempt and he heard the musical sound of the lock giving way and opening.
He hurried into the building. The booty would probably be found again in the commander's office. Although, maybe this time, it would be stored in a vault as Oris commands and not in the simple safe like the last time. After looking out and seeing that no sound was heard, he began to descend the stairs. Arriving downstairs, he went straight to the office. The door was open.
The office was as he remembered it, a lovely room with a balcony overlooking the main square of the city, walls covered with hardwood, premium Tylar furniture, and some family portraits and a few landscapes. There was also a small bookcase in the corner, next to the door. Between the center of the room and the balcony, there was a large desk with several drawers and some papers on the table. 
The safe, which used to be in the corner under a small table, was gone. He began with the obvious, checking behind each painting without success. Then he began looking for hatches under the carpets, also without success. He approached the desk and began to check the drawers. One was locked.
At that moment he heard a noise somewhere in the house. The sound seemed to come from the lower floors. Rapid footsteps going up the stairs could be heard. Immediately he recognized the footfalls of a dog or similar animal. For some reason, the dog had not barked. He had heard about guard dogs that were trained in Golsou to surprise their victims and kill them with one bite to the jugular. The hardest training of these animals was, precisely, that they may learn to curb the instinct to bark and thus avoid alerting the victim.
Erion had to act quickly. He put his hand inside another pocket and pulled out a small package wrapped in a crumpled paper. He undid the wrapping and found a small piece of meat. He walked to the doorway and threw the piece of meat down the aisle, just as the animal was approaching that particular floor. 
It was a large attack dog. Brutal, murderous teeth jutted out of its mouth, making it clear that it had detected him. Luckily, the piece of "prepared" meat had already been placed before it, and the animal could not help but jump on the piece and devour it in two bites.
In a flash, Erion perched on a corner of the roof of the office. Now he just had to wait. The poison was quick, but he didn't want to give the dog the option to attack before it fell. Less than a minute later he heard the animal collapse in the hallway. Erion climbed down and went to check the situation. The dog lay on the ground. He couldn't tell if it was dead or had lost consciousness but, considering the size of the animal, it was probably just unconscious. In any case, it wouldn't bother anybody in several hours. He put it into a utility room facing the same corridor, closed the door and went back to the office. 
Normally, he would have rather not gone into that house, with his relatively recent previous visit. The home of the Royal Commander of Andon wasn't the same as the home of any other wealthy person, especially if it was located opposite the tower of the town militia. But his biggest client had made a special request, and he couldn't say no. He must find a document that was allegedly kept in the house in a sealed envelope. His client, by messenger, had shown him the design of the stamp: a griffin with outspread wings in the wind. 
His client had offered an interesting sum for completing the work, delivering the document during the afternoon of the next day, at a meeting previously arranged in that city. But one of the conditions was that the envelope had to still be sealed. In other words, his client didn't want him to see the contents of the envelope. For him, this wasn't a problem. The payment that had been offered was fair for the difficulty and risk of the job. Another instruction was that the job had to look like an apparent common robbery. So he had to take all the valuables that he could reasonably get his hands on, and obviously he could keep them all. This was excellent. He could thus get a double reward for that job. And, as usual, he was going to try to get every last gold coin.
He approached the closed desk drawer and took out his set of picks. After a couple of scuffles, the drawer gave in and opened. There were several documents inside the drawer. He began to read: Irrigation Project of the Xelake Valley. That could be interesting, though, of course, it wasn't going to provide much gold. He had to find the safe. 
Erion stood in the middle of the room and looked at it again carefully. He had observed the commander in public. He had seen how he behaved in front of his wife. He seemed to be a man who didn't even trust his relatives. Money was probably one of those things that he didn't trust his relatives with. For some reason, he was convinced that the safe would be back at the office, not in the bedroom or any other room in the house. Then he remembered ... the library. He was sure that it hadn't been there the last time.
He approached the cabinet that stood in the corner of the room and began checking behind the books. He found nothing relevant. The bottom of the unit was apparently a hollow base that also served as an ornament. Then, for an instant, he saw something strange. He wouldn't know how to define it. Maybe a reflection? No, not that exactly. It was something very dim. Erion had a great visual acuity. The ability to quickly perceive and interpret small details was a useful skill in this occupation. Probably someone with a less trained eye wouldn't have seen it. But it was there, no doubt.
He began to feel the base of the bookcase with his hands. Then he was surprised. After touching the wall behind the bookcase, he perceived texture and a temperature that didn't correspond with what he expected. It was the unmistakable feeling of chromed metal that is often used to build the doors of safes.
They had set up the safe in plain sight, directly on the wall under the bookcase, and then had applied some kind of spell to hide it. It was possible that any other thief, who did not know that the bookcase had been recently installed, would completely overlook it. Erion was glad of the insight of his eye, his visual memory and having been in this house a while ago.
His deft fingers slid through the door of the safe to reach the lock. It was a new safe and had a very modern double system of numerical combination and a lock. Erion had little experience with such safes. He decided to start with what he knew best. He pulled out his picks and began working on the lock. It was certainly of good quality. It took a couple of minutes to visualize the mechanism in his head and after some struggle, he saw the solution. He pushed with the pick in his left hand while making small circles with the pick in his right hand. Suddenly, he heard a clack. Then he took a different pick, more like a hook, and introduced it into the keyhole. After a couple of attempts he managed to hook it on the part of the appropriate gear and after another turn, he heard a new clack. This time it was slightly louder than the last. It was the unmistakable sound of celestial music, a lock opening.
Now he had to deal with the combination. He slipped under the furniture to support his ear to the door of the safe. Erion put his fingers on the combination wheel and began to spin the mechanism. A while later, after some effort and concentration, the last number of the combination triggered the mechanism, definitely opening the safe.
Inside he found a bag with coins (thirty-five platinum and fifty gold coins), love letters and a small locked chest. The coins amounted to a value of four hundred gold coins (which was the currency of reference in the Kingdom of Bor and in most of the world of Oris). This amount could be considered a small fortune, something like the income of an average family in Bor for four years. But compared with the fortunes that the rich and noble accumulated, it was not a really large sum. 
He put the box in his pocket, to examine it later, while he took a look at the letters. The commander exchanged passionate letters with a woman named Jeifer Kibat, certainly his mistress of the moment. The origin of the name indicated she was from the Aurum Emirates, a very exotic choice for a lover. He thought about blackmailing the commander with the disclosure of such information, although possibly, his wife already knew. Even if he decided to do such a thing, he thought it best not to use the letters as evidence, as this would link him to the theft. In this job, the client’s interests were the priority. 
When he was about to continue reviewing the letters, he heard footsteps again; clearly, this time, they were human. He narrowed the door of the safe so it seemed closed, quickly hid behind the portiere next to the balcony and waited. His experience told him that in such situations, usually you could get away with it if you kept your cool. Being able to remain calm at all times or not was often what distinguished a good professional from the one who ended up in jail or hanged. The cadence of the steps indicated an elderly person. Possibly it might be the housekeeper. Because of his vigilance, he knew the commander and his wife would not be in residence. However, with rich people like him, you could always count on one or more servants staying to guard the house. Discretion and secrecy were his greatest allies in this case.
The truth is that the dog being trained as an attack dog was actually a stroke of luck. This had allowed him to neutralize it without the housekeeper noticing his presence. If it had barked, the servant would have become a serious risk because they would have tried to set off an alarm. This would have put Erion in a difficult juncture, between leaving or having to use more drastic methods, which was always a nuisance. He never wanted to hurt any servant. Even if their master was the most despicable person in the world, they were often innocent people.
After a while, a very long one, the steps began to fade, toward the downstairs area, and then he heard a door shut. Probably the servant had gone to bed. Perhaps the servant had risen only to use the bathroom or perhaps suffered from insomnia. In any case, he had to have the utmost discretion, until he left the house.
He came out of hiding and continued looking through the letters. Among the letters of love, and some other minor letters, he finally found what he had come for. The seal of the griffin was unmistakable. He decided to take everything he had found in the safe and put it inside his jacket. The best thing was for them to think that he had emptied the safe without looking carefully at what it contained, so it would be more difficult for someone to understand that the intention of this theft was to take that letter. To give a more dramatic touch to the situation, he decided to leave the door of the safe wide open.
Then he turned back around to see what else he could take. Only one of the paintings seemed to have some value. He picked it up and, with a small knife, quickly removed the canvas from the frame. He rolled it and put it into his small backpack. On the desk he found an elaborate silver paperweight. It was a sculpture of a castle. The work had some merit for the level of detail that the artist had put into it. He took it, as well.
He glanced at the bookcase, but none of the books seemed particularly old or valuable. All were recent and indicated the dubious taste of its owner. He rechecked the desk drawers and found nothing valuable. Again he found the folder he had seen before and decided to check it out. The documentation described various details of an irrigation project in the valley near Xelake, north of the mark. This project was not known by the public. From what he saw, the plans were highly developed and it was obvious that there was an intention to carry them out. The documents indicated dates that year and the following year. The maps indicated the areas that would be flooded to create a small dam and the pipelines that would be established and the lands that would be irrigated. 
The information itself was quite valuable, especially if the commander never perceived that the plans had been looked at. With this information, he could buy some of the land that would be later watered at a low price and then sell them after completion of the project for a much higher amount. He could sell the information to any of those affected by the flood in the area of ​​the dam. They could get rid of the lands before they were devalued, or worse, expropriated by the mark or the kingdom. He could set a seed store in Xelake, with other agricultural products that allowed or would facilitate the growing of crops from the irrigation. This would make him an instant monopoly because at the time, that part of the mark had some very arid lands for those crops and only wheat and other cereals were cultivated there. Surely there were other, more intelligent choices, if he thought a bit, but this is what he could quickly improvise.
He kept flipping through the sheets. They included a detailed accounting of the project. Mr. Balta'ryon would be in charge of the monopoly on water management, in a lifelong concession and in which he was free to set any price for the water. Since then, they seemed to be extraordinary privileges. And everything despite that, the mark and the kingdom equally funded seventy percent of the cost of the work, and the employer only thirty percent. This was getting interesting at times. In the last section of the file of documents he found a loose sheet in the middle of the papers. It seemed to be entries from a bank account. A number of important amounts had been deposited in the Calen Bank, which was the only bank in the mark and had just been established a few years earlier. All proceeds were in the commander's name. In another document, the commander appeared as head of the Commission of Water Development of the Mark.
That son of a bitch! How many people had suffered from shortage to pay the taxes that would finance that work? How many peasants would be abused in the future once the project was finished? He had to do something. He had to think of something.
He decided to act. He took the pen and inkwell that the commander used to write regularly and opened the terms and conditions page of the concession to the employer. That document was final and was confirmed with the signing of the king of Bor. The idiot probably didn't even know what he had signed. The fact was that the document would be difficult to change. Moreover, as it was past all controls, it would probably remain intact until publication. 
After reviewing the document for a while, with maximum concentration, he sought the table of terms and under the conditions for setting the price of water, added: With a maximum of the market price of water in the Deepcliff Central Square; the original text stated to be determined by the dealer. Deepcliff, capital of the kingdom, had abundant water sources of high quality close to the city and was one of the cheapest places to buy it in the country. The change in practice nullified the privileges of the businessman and this would make him feel deceived and betrayed by the commander. Erion had a knack for forging documents and knew that only the best expert could distinguish the handwriting that was added.
Then he took a sheet of paper from the table, the same kind that the commander had used to write down the bank account entries, and began writing a letter saying:

Dear Principal Cashier of the Calen Bank
Hereby I beg you to undo the following entries in my bank account number 4392:
(The letter listed below all the entries of the fraudulent transfers contained in the sheet, with the amount, entry date, and volume, page and log sheet thereof.)
I also request that you issue a check for the value of such amounts on behalf of the social work of the Order of Light for use in their charity work and their soup kitchens, and remit it to its headquarters located in 4 Arrow Street, Roko, Norvik County.
Signed
Ahruman, Commander of Andon

Erion took an envelope from the desk. He folded and put the letter inside. He closed the envelope and applied the commander's seal he found in the top drawer. He stamped the letter and put the letter in his pocket. Then he replaced all the documents as he had found them and placed them in the drawer. 
Erion chuckled. Once the bank executed the order, the commander would notice the money having disappeared from his account. Although the bank would say it had been from his own order, the first suspicion of the commander would certainly be that he had been a victim of foul play by the businessman. His reputation was not exactly that of a gentleman, and this favored Erion. This way, the farmers from Xelake would probably be greatly benefited, as well as the poor that the Order of Light attended throughout the kingdom. The two brainiacs, the commander and the businessman, would get nothing, and they would become enemies. 
Well, maybe not everything would turn out so great, but he had to try. Luck is for the bold. In addition, he had nothing to lose because they could not track the mess back to him; obviously he was counting on getting away without being caught. The stakes had increased; if he was caught in that moment, he was to be surely hanged. A way as any to make life more interesting.
He shuffled the room a little more, knocking some books off the shelf, to reinforce the impression of a hasty and messy theft, but carefully as to not make noise. There was not much else to do in that office. He slipped into the hallway and then quickly checked the rooms in that floor: essentially two bedrooms. There was always a fine balance between how many goods you could get, and how much risk you wanted to take. He quickly decided he would not seek to steal anything from the other floors. With the presence of the housekeeper, it was too dangerous. He also decided to invest only five or ten minutes more checking the rooms on that floor before leaving the house. He almost always managed to find valuables in the first minutes. He had a lot of practice. 
He picked up a few more objects, including some jewelry, and put them in his backpack. Then he climbed to the roof and picked up his hook and cable. He had lost too much time. The tower guard had already taken their positions at every floor. He had to find a different way out.
He approached the south side of the roof, facing Elf Street. It was a busy street during the day, not the best way to enter or exit. However, at that hour of the night, with a little luck and if he was fast, he could escape without incident. He fixed his harpoon, and dropped the cable to the street. He carefully observed if the road was clear and then quickly slid down the facade. At the bottom, with a deft flick of the wrist, he picked up the harpoon and the cable and put them away.
He walked stealthily to the corner, looking at the junction with the next road. There was no one. He slipped back into the shadows until the next site. He would be well hidden there, as this street was narrow and dark. He took his hood off and changed his jacket into a more appropriate one he carried in his backpack. Then he went on his way like a normal passerby. 
Erion walked through the empty streets without stopping for a moment. He passed very few people. A while later, he was back in The Flying Donkey where, even at that time, there was noise downstairs, where the tavern was located. But he didn't stop. He climbed to the second floor and went into his room and locked it.
Mithir was awake and waiting impatiently. With a quick gesture Erion said that everything had gone well. Whispering, he explained in detail everything that had happened. His friend's face lit up when he got to the part of the story about the fake letter. Mithir had to stifle a laugh. In the adjacent room, people were sleeping and they didn't want to wake them, especially this particular night.
Mithir was dumb. Maybe this was not entirely accurate. The boy did not seem to have any physical problem that prevented him from uttering words, but for some reason, he didn't speak. Erion couldn't remember ever hearing him utter a word. However, he could issue grunts, groans, murmurs and laughter, for example. Mithir was also the closest thing to family he never had. He had met him as a child in the orphanage. His friend had entered the orphanage when he was very small: perhaps about two years old, when Erion was six. Immediately he decided to take account of protecting the smallest of the other older boys. As he had experienced, the orphanage was very hard with the weakest and youngest. The older boys immediately began to abuse you. Erion had promised to try and help him avoid the hardships that he had suffered. The child was relatively fragile and would not have lasted long in that place without his help. 
Mithir was also other things. For example, he was the best magician Erion had ever met. Although he hadn't met many. But it was obvious he had a natural talent for magic.
They distributed the loot in their usual way. A quarter each. The rest would be dedicated to their investment project. Erion would make the payment in the next town they'd visit. 
He then remembered the small box. He asked Mithir to revise it. The magician performed some quick hand movements, and then he stopped. He then performed another series of gestures and uttered a murmur that sounded like a growl. Mithir explained by signs that the box didn't seem to have traps or magical protections but that, by contrast, the content itself seemed magical.
Mithir and Erion had learned sign language long ago and it was the fundamental mechanism they used to communicate. Very few people knew this language in the Kingdom of Bor. They had had to pay a very large amount to a very important wise man who lived in Killian, Kiyats County south of the kingdom, for him to teach them and train them. But it had been worth it. Over time, he had gotten used to it and Erion felt that this communication was almost "normal"; in some aspects even better, since they could communicate in silence. And they could do it without anyone around them understanding. It was like speaking a foreign, eccentric language.
Erion took out his picks for the last time that day, and opened the small chest with more difficulty than he expected. Inside it was a charm enshrined in a pendant. The amulet was shaped like a dove. Mithir looked at him and smiled.

CHAPTER 2: THE ROYAL BOX


With a stroke of the spur, the warhorse began his ride around the track of the tournament. Abakai leaned forward to get the maximum range with his spear and prepare for impact. His opponent came from the front at a blistering pace, while the large audience held its breath. 
The knight he was competing against was Elynath, champion from the Mark of Calen. A warrior of great experience, equally feared and respected by all his contenders, and had also been a champion of the tournament of the Kingdom of Bor twice. They said his white horse, Mephineus, was the fastest of the ones competing: a thoroughbred of the Aurum Emirates. The spear struck the armor of the opposing knight with a huge roar. 
Vargarr watched, carefree, from the Royal Box. As a Major from the Bor Army, he had the privilege of attending this box as a guest of honor on any occasion. He always tried to attend when the most famous knights participated in the competition. He enjoyed thinking that, with a little luck, one of the gentlemen would die during the joust. This would make the show more vibrant and interesting. It was so tedious and boring when the warriors turned out unharmed! Someone tapped him on the shoulder.
“Who do you think will win?” Lakajev asked, as he sat on Vargarr's left.
“Elynath has more experience, and still has a formidable arm. He's a famous knight and most people see him as a favorite,” the Major answered.
“How about you?” 
“I bet on Abakai. I've seen him training with the military during the last month.” Vargarr laughed under his breath.
“Um! Maybe I should have gone with him too.”
The contestants galloped back to their starting positions, where their squires waited to facilitate a new spear. In a match like that, they had five each. In the first attack Abakai had taken a direct hit to the chest, and had lost his spear with the strike, without hurting his opponent. The knights collected their second spear.
“Are you sure that Abakai is a safe option? I see him limping a little after that blow.”
“Ha ha ha! No way! The impact wasn't that bad. I think that he's actually faking an injury. I would say that he's going to try to tire the Calen champion before going on the offensive. Pay close attention during the fourth spear.”
Count Lakajev was not particularly fond of tournaments and jousts. But he always wanted them to be regularly celebrated in his county. It was the best entertainment for the common people, and a distracted populace was easier to manipulate. It was easier for them to accept a tax increase or a change in regulation to extend the powers of the Count. “Bread and circuses,” he had been told by his tutor while he studied before joining the County's militia. 
He turned to watch Vargarr, who missed nothing of the fight, leering with a sadistic glint in his eyes. He found Vargarr to be rather unpleasant, but he was one of the best allies that he could count on for his goals. In addition, Vargarr was also very ambitious and this was always useful.
“Since you've come here, I understand that you have news,” Vargarr asked. 
“You understand well,” the Count said.
“Has Devgon returned?”
“Yesterday afternoon I visited him at the close of the session of the Chamber.”
“Wait, pay attention now,” Vargarr warned.
After two more thrusts without major damage from any of the opponents, the Knights collected their fourth spear. Without having put his horse in position, Abakai started surprisingly, making a sharp turn with the reins. His horse turned electrically and galloped in a trained move. This last sprint seemed much more violent than the ones that preceded it. 
Calmly, Elynath placed his horse in position and also galloped. He spurred his horse to try to reach speed quickly. But it was too late. At three quarters of the track, Abakai's spear accurately struck the old champion and threw him off his horse. The tremendous impact broke the spear into many pieces.
“Yiha!” Vargarr hissed. “Now you will see why he has chosen the fourth spear for his surprise attack.”
Abakai quickly rode the way back to the position of his squire and picked up the fifth and final spear. Attacking a rimless knight with a spear was not considered a particularly honorable maneuver, but it was perfectly legal. Again he galloped, this time aiming at the head of his opponent. It was a deadly attack.
“Didn't they ban that maneuver?” Lakajev asked.
“Some idiot introduced the amendment last year. But I saw to it that the Central Tournament Committee didn't accept it,” Vargarr said with delight.
Elynath waited, sitting on the floor without making any effort to get up. Standing wasn't so simple from that position wearing full armor of nearly four arrobes of weight. The old champion knew this could be his end. Abakai's spear was approaching at high speed, directly pointing at him. In the stands of the tournament, an anguished whisper was heard.
Surprisingly, with a quick swipe of his arm, Elynath managed to divert the point of the spear to the side and down. The movement surprised Abakai, who couldn't stop the path of the gallop. Then the inevitable happened. The spear stuck in the ground. Abakai lost his balance. His horse stumbled and fell, dismounting Abakai abruptly. 
Elynath knew that where the horse ended up at that moment would be pure luck. The animal could kill him with the impact of his weight moving at high speed. But that was not what happened. One of the hind legs hit him without great consequence, as the horse fell to the side. 
Abakai had been thrown to the side and looked slightly stunned. Elynath knew he had to seize the opportunity. He rose laboriously and quickly approached his flag. 
“Greatsword!” he bellowed urgently. 
His squire took the weapon and quickly gave it to his knight, who quickly turned to return to combat. The knights were armed with a short sword in their belt, even as they rode. But this sword was too light to cause damage easily to full armor. The greatsword was heavy and unwieldy, but devastating when used with skill and determination. Abakai approached his fallen shield, picked it up and leaned it against him to get on his feet. Before he had time to draw his short sword, the Calen Champion shook him with a powerful blow that he managed to contain with the shield but with difficulty.
“Surely you didn't expect this,” Lakajev said.
“The champion could not be so easy to defeat. But this is not over. What did Devgon tell you?” the Major asked.
Abakai quickly drew his short sword while preparing the shield against a new onslaught from the champion's sword.
“He told me it cost almost twice what we had expected, but he managed to get it,” the Count answered.
“That's good news, but... almost twice as much! How is it possible?” the Major roared.
“He says he could not access the seller on time and it ended in a secret auction. You know how these things are. It seems that everything was disbanded a little and he had to pay much more than expected to acquire it.”
Elynath breathed tiredly as he lifted the heavy sword for another blow. Then, Abakai started with a brilliant gallop with his shield forward and charged the Calen by surprise while he held the sword up. The champion fell back and lost the two-handed grip on the greatsword. Before he could react, Abakai was upon him with the edge of his short sword at his throat. The fight was over. 
The stands, surprised with the victory of the young local, roared cheers and gibberish. Part of the audience began shouting shyly the new hero's name: Abakai! Abakai! Soon, the opposite stand began to roar to a far greater outcry: Bor! Bor! Bor! 
For some inexplicable reason, despite being the capital of the kingdom, Deepcliff wasn't used to producing famous champions. Most of the warriors of the capital who had achieved success and fame came from neighboring counties and marks. Lakajev watched Vargarr regard the square with satisfaction. 
“Looks like you now have your local hero,” the Count said.
“Exactly, this will attract more people to the tournament, which will create more vocations in the brave young people to join the Army. The Province of Central Bor is the most populated, but proportionally, it's the one that has the fewest soldiers,” the Major reasoned.
“Being at the center of the country, you do not have a border to defend. That's what the marks are for. And in any case, the province of Bor continues to carry a militia of more than fifteen thousand soldiers, in addition to the power of having the Army Headquarters of the kingdom here.”
“I see you know the numbers well, for not being a man of special dedication to weapons. Let’s go to a more private place before the next fight starts,” the Major requested, while pointing the way to the Count.
They walked into a room located behind the box, inside the Royal Castle. After crossing the room, they looked out to a balcony overlooking the main square inside the enclosure. A thick layer of clouds left just a glimpse of the midday sun in the sky of the capital. It was a warm day in late autumn. The temperature had dropped considerably since the summer, although the harsh winter had not begun yet. In the distance, the roar from the stands of the tournament could be heard, still chanting and cheering.
“How do we know that the orb is authentic?” the Major asked.
“Devgon took Urlabus with him; you know, the magician he confides in. Urlabus recognized and identified the object before the auction began. All bidders had option,” the Count explained.
“Yes, of course. If there is no doubt of its authenticity, you can fetch a much higher price. How have they transported it? They say that if it's not handled correctly, you can go crazy in a second, or it can even kill you.”
“Urlabus was prepared with a special container. I guess with an inhibitor spell or something like that.”
“What has Devgon said about the gold?” Vargarr asked.
“That he will talk to his contacts in the Chamber and the Industrial Association to request additional funds for our mission,” Lakajev said.
“As long as you don't ask me,” Vargarr clarified. “Devgon was responsible for the gold and the orb, you of the marquis, and I of the maneuvers and King. That was the deal,” clarified Vargarr.
A figure approached the doorway from inside the room. For some reason, Lakajev had not heard his footsteps. He could observe that it was a reasonably well-dressed dark elf. But not enough to be one of the guests of honor. He had disturbing red eyes, one of the most distinctive and common signs of the dark elves. The Count noticed that the figure avoided entering the balcony and had stopped just at the point where the shade that the cornice of the building provided ended. He had heard stories of how the dark elves avoided direct sunlight whenever they could. They were accustomed to places with low light, like caves or the underground. Nothing prevented them from staying under the sun, but the shadows or darkness were their preference. The elf waited before speaking.
“What is it, Phoroz?” Vargarr asked.
“The next battle is about to begin, sir,” the elf said.
“I'll go in a little while. I have some business to attend to,” the Major said. 
The elf got lost inside the room, with the same secrecy with which it had appeared. Lakajev could not help feeling a chill down his spine. 
“I did not know you had that servant. It is something unconventional,” the Count opined.
“Ha ha ha! You're jealous! Indeed, Phoroz is extremely helpful and very good at certain types of tasks,” Vargarr commented mysteriously.
“Where did you get him? And where did you keep him?”
“I found him a couple of years ago in the woods of Hardin, in the marks. He was bound and badly wounded. He was to be dinner for a group of ogres.”
“Ogres!” 
“Yes. We were going to see the Marquis of Mositus, and decided to cut through the forest. Although it is not a recommended road, you save some time. When we had boarded, I heard the sound of a campfire and went with two of my men by a flank. At that time there was only one ogre on guard. It seemed that the others had gone hunting. We eliminated the ogre, catching it off guard. And thank goodness. He was incredibly strong! Despite being surprised, with a blow of his ax, he cut one of my men in half before we could finish him off.”
“And then I guess you'd gotten out of there as quickly as possible.”
“Not really. Before releasing the elf, I made him an offer he could not refuse. He had to swear to serve me until the end of my days or I'd leave him there to be chopped up and end up in the stomachs of those ogres.”
“I see. You're very generous.”
“Ha ha ha! If you think it's a good deal for someone who can live several thousand years. At the end of the day, I saved his life,” Vargarr reasoned, satisfied.
“But, although we have met often during the last three months, I'd never seen him,” the Count inquired.
“True, he was out there, doing some errands. Like I said, he's very clever and very useful. And, no, I will not consider giving him to you, even if you are a very dear friend,” Vargarr commented with a sarcastic twist.
Thundering trumpets sounded. The next battle was beginning. Vargarr looked thoughtfully at the castle square, where some soldiers were training, before resuming the conversation. 
“Then Urlabus will be responsible for activating the orb?” the Major asked.
“That's right,” the Count confirmed.
“Did he explain how it works? From the moment they activate it, how long do we have?” 
“The effect begins immediately. So, discounting some minimal skirmish, the bulk of enemies might appear a few hours after,” Lakajev explained.
“We should prepare ourselves a few leagues of the border—say about three leagues—perhaps on a hill or other breeding grounds. This way no one will doubt that the attack was not provoked.”
“Yes, I had considered that,” the Count lied.
“Also, we must minimize the garrison of the border. The excuse would be to mobilize some of these men to participate in the maneuvers,” Vargarr planned.
“I don't understand. Why?”
“That way we can show the King's men how the orcs have killed our border guard, and give a dramatic touch to the story.”
“But it will be a slaughter!” Lakajev commented, disgusted.
“Exactly. I see you're getting it. However, if we are to wait inland with the bulk of the troops, the border will have no choice. By moving troops to the maneuvers, we minimize losses, while reinforcing our story,” Vargarr mused, machiavellian.
“I see you have it all figured out.”
“How long does the effect last?” Vargarr asked.
“Urbalus said about three days. But, possibly, after the first 24 hours, there won't be more battles; maybe some minimal skirmish,” Lakajev said.
“Good. I need to coordinate times. I have to call a man of the King's utmost confidence to visit the maneuvers; say, after half of the second day. In this way, they won't have the opportunity to see how we activate the orb. At the same time, there is probably an opportunity to show some skirmish, although we will have finished most of the work. In any case, a field strewn with orcs' corpses three leagues inland at the mark will be irrefutable proof.” 
“The plan seems solid, but what about General Bellish?” the Count asked.
Vargarr's face suddenly changed.
“That bastard will not be able to do anything. I'm almost tempted to invite him as well to the second day of maneuvers. So I can see his face of fear and cowardice, when he realizes that nothing and nobody can prevent a war on a large scale,” Vargarr said with an angry look.
“Calm down, man. And think about it. I personally prefer not to have the old man there. He has damn good timing,” the Count said.
“Yes, I know,” Vargarr remarked with a snort of resignation. “If he appears at the wrong time, he would immediately question the size of the maneuvers. We cannot mobilize troops over a territory without an explicit royal warrant. And in this case, to be sure of the victory, we will mobilize all territorial troops of two marks and two counties. I may even convince the King that the orcs have attacked when they realized the scale of the maneuvers, as a defensive act.”
“That would ruin all of the plans.”
“That's why it is very important that in the middle of the night, after the first day of battle, the bulk of troops of Kiyats, Borydos and Golsou stay away from the battlefield and hide in a forest. We can call them to return a few days later, in order to ‘strengthen’ the border.”
“I agree. Moreover, the regrouping of troops could be the start of a full-scale campaign where we'll crush Fugor,” Lakajev commented with ecstasy.
“I see you do not know a lot about logistics,” Vargarr commented with a gesture of contempt. “To prepare the campaign, with its supplies, logistics routes, and all the necessary organization requires many weeks. Besides, that's what Devgon and his contacts of the Chamber and the Industrial Association want, right? The opportunity to make big business with the war.”
“Yeah, what about what you want? General Bellish is too old to lead a large-scale campaign. If the war begins, as number two in the Army, in practice you would lead the campaign. The general would become a mere figurehead. And rather sooner than later would be forced to resign. You would become the general of all the armies of the Kingdom of Bor.”
Vargarr turned and looked carefully at Lakajev. The Count had perfectly understood his intentions. Now Lakajev knew he had a lot to lose if the plan did not go forward for some reason and the war didn't start. That placed him in a situation of vulnerability in possible future discussions. So, he decided to change tactics and raise the bet.
“It's possible you're right. But let's talk about what you want. You've managed to align the marquis and a count with your position regarding this war. If the campaign starts and we win, you'll earn enormous prestige. First, the ‘vision of the state’ demonstrated between the nobility to devise this initiative; second, for the period of peace that would follow a victory in a campaign like that; third, to provide enrichment to all who were properly positioned around you. In the latter, Devgon's help would be invaluable.”
“True, but I don't see what's so special about all of it,” Lakajev replied.
“The campaign would allow you to win prestige, influence, power and you'll also win a lot of money too; all very necessary for your following objectives,” Vargarr said. 
“What objectives?” the Count asked.
“Though the King isn't very old yet, he's not going to live forever. You're much younger than him. Anyways, there are always other ways …”
“If you're implying ...”
“I'm not implying anything. But the fact is that with that kind of military success, you would have many options to align two other counties with you, and then you'd have six votes. You could win the next Reprobation Ceremony and end the Eladel House. Next, it would be a natural step to replace them with your own house and just take the Crown.”
This time it was Lakajev who stopped and looked attentively, scrutinizing his speaker. All the bets were off. They all had a lot to gain from this war and, therefore, they all had great interest in taking things forward without wasting time.
“I think it's time to return to the box,” Vargarr declared.
In the background, the trumpets sounded, announcing the end of combat. Although Lakajev had missed part of the show, it was worthwhile to clarify things and make plans. 
“What comes next? Oh yeah! The archery contest.”

CHAPTER 3: ARROWS AND BOWS


The footmen worked quickly and effectively. A group of them removed the partition that was used in the battle of the knights, while the Squires collected the weapons and pennants of the last two contenders. Another group placed eight major targets at the bottom of the track. They were very heavy and needed at least two men to move each one. At the other end of the runway, about two hundred steps away, a third group of lackeys placed starting positions and marked a line on the ground. 
In a few minutes, everything was ready to begin. A new trumpet served to mark the start of the archery tournament and to welcome the first participants. The crowd cheered and shouted at the archers, while the nobility and other high ranking representatives of the government and the Army watched from the Royal Box.
Samar had to wait patiently. There were about forty registered participants who were competing in their order of arrival. And she was one of the last to arrive. She had to do it with the fifth and final group.
In this first round, each archer had five arrows. If the archer could not reach the target with at least two, he was immediately disqualified. If he could reach the target with four, he automatically passed to the next round. The archers with the top four scores who were also able to hit three targets, also passed. 
Samar watched silently the participation of the archers of the preceding rounds. Six archers got at least four targets. Two of them had landed all five shots on the target: a young man named Goulbire from Carition who was handsome and well dressed, and a high elf belonging to the nobility of the Principality of Hovako called Nemelas. 
Samar was wearing a long ocher cloak that reached her ankles, and the coat included a hood that covered her head. Under the cloak, she was wearing a discreet green doublet and light brown tights. The outfit was completed with high black leather boots of good quality. Her clothes did not attract attention and constituted an outfit that could have been that of any explorer, ranger or common traveler. 
The hood barely hinted her oval sapphire eyes. The common beauty of her elf face was also hidden. In fact, her face could hardly be seen. This allowed her to register for a tournament that was supposedly only for men. This, and the potion that she had gotten the week before, which modified her musical voice to make it sound like a rude boy's voice; fortunately, its effects were limited to a few hours. She had also covered her thin hands with tight riding gloves. In general, all these elements weren't the most comfortable way to compete in an archery tournament, but each participant had his own crazes or curiosities in their gear and no one was especially surprised by it.
For Samar, the bow was the main focus of her life. Perfecting her technique, beating the best of the best, learning new tricks, gaining more agility, getting a higher rate of fire, bettering her aim in the worst visibility, weather or discomfort conditions were some of the challenges that she sought daily. There was always something new to learn or improve. This was her greatest passion. Her greatest desire was to become a legendary archer, even within the elf standards; the best archer in history, second only to the goddess of the hunt, Callemora. She lived for this.
For this, and to accomplish the genuine desire of her heart to experience adventure and feel free and independent. That's the reason she had left her home, about a century ago, and had left the comfort and security of her father's house, a senior official of the Principality of Chartres. 
“It's your turn, sir. Prepare yourself. Your position is third in line,” a voice behind her said, bringing her mind back to the tournament arena.
“Thanks,” Samar said, after a moment's doubt. Her voice still sounded strange.
She advanced to the right position and handed her belongings to the assistant she had been assigned. It wasn't really a squire, just a footman who would facilitate arrows and other objects that she that might need. She took her bow and waited. It was a simple bow, but one of good quality. She could never go to those competitions with her usual bow, which was fine work of the Nira Clan elves, in the Principality of Hovako. A bow like that would draw too much attention. People would ask questions and she would be discovered even before competing. 
“Archers to their positions,” bellowed the coordinator of the tournament's voice. “Remember, you have five shots. Only one arrow in hand for each attempt. You must wait for my notice before taking the next arrow from your footmen for the next shot. Best of luck to you! First arrow!”
Samar took an arrow, turned and placed it in position. She looked left and right, watching the other seven rivals from that round. She only knew one of them. A strange gnome who was quite clever and whom she had seen compete on other occasions. 
Samar and the other archers took their positions. The elf closed her eyes for a moment to feel better the light but icy breeze blowing from the southeast. It must have been about three or four knots. It was intermittent, and had to be taken into account at the time of shooting. The sun was high but almost always covered by clouds and didn't bother her at all. It was a little cold, but the temperature was not too unpleasant, and there was barely any humidity, as usual in the capital of the kingdom. 
The arrows that the tournament provided were of standard quality: boxwood, steel tip, common goose feathers and manufactured by the gunsmiths of the Royal Army in the Mositus Mark. Its balance wasn't particularly good. Some had their center of gravity slightly askew. Samar grabbed the arrow with the palm of her left hand to feel its balance before placing it rapidly in the firing position of the bow. The opponents started shooting. 
Samar slowly tightened the string of her bow, aimed high and fired. The arrow was thrown at high speed across a distance that covered the entire square up to the location of the targets. The arrow surpassed the target and it hit the ground behind it, a few steps away from the target: exactly where Samar had aimed.
She could hear some laughter from a couple of opponents to her left, and some murmurs from the stands. Only the gnome and her opponent in the eighth position, a local young man, reached the target. But no one had missed from such a distance like she had.
“Don't worry. It was only the first attempt. We'll have more luck in the next one,” the adversary in the second position laughed.
Samar didn't answer, and waited.
“Archers, the next arrow!” the coordinator cried, after writing down the scores from the first attempt.
She rapidly took the second arrow, stiffened, shot it and could feel the impact in the center of the target, even when the arrow was barely out of her bow. The score for that shot was a ten out of ten. She heard a few snorts of surprise.
“Wow. Now that was lucky!” the heavy adversary to her left commented, again, without anyone asking.
The gnome also reached the center and the crowd erupted in applause. The local boy made the target, though only just, almost touching the outer edge of it. It was the second target he reached and the stands broke into a loud applause.
After the completion of the round of shots, the archers came back to their lackeys to collect the third arrow. With the sharpness of her elven eyes, Samar noticed that the archer to her right changed his for a similar one that he kept in his gear. He made the switch with a quick gesture that apparently no one could perceive. Tournament rules prevented such an option, as all participants should use the same type of arrows with the same quality. But Samar decided to say nothing.
The elf aimed this time to the top left of the target holder. It was sturdy wood, and much harder than the material with which the target was made of. To be able to nail the arrow in said support, she needed the shot to reach a high speed. For that, she had to reduce the inclination of the shot, looking for a more direct angle, and draw the bow to the fullest. A lot of force was required, both from the arm and chest muscles and from her hand. Samar fired. The arrow flew directly at a high speed and hit the support, exactly in the position where she had aimed. This time she heard no laughter around her. She had been a little off, not like the first time. Moreover, after the center bull’s eye she’d managed with the second shot, her opponents didn't know what to expect from her.
This time, only the gnome and the archer to his right reached the target. Apparently, the arrow that the latter had used had a better balance and was of better quality. 
“Arrow!” the coordinator cried after writing down the scores.
This round was a repeat of the previous one, except for the fact that Samar pointed to the circle that was worth eight points, to the right of the target, and hit it. 
“Footmen, please bring the last arrow of the young archer in position four,” the coordinator shouted.
One of the footmen at the bottom of the track quickly approached the target and pulled the arrow that had reached the target. Then he crossed the track in a sprint, while the stands murmured, curious. The footman handed the arrow to the coordinator, who began to examine it. After a while he said:
“This arrow is illegal. It is not the type provided by the tournament. The young man from the Terentias County in the fourth position has cheated. He is disqualified!”
With a gesture, the coordinator called the officers responsible for ensuring order, and preventing the most fanatical of the crowd to end up inside the zone that the tournament occupied. 
“Take this man to the city dungeons. Let him stay there for the night while he ponders what he has done!” the coordinator declared.
“Just a moment!” a scream was heard, coming from the Royal Box.
It was Vargarr, the Major of the Royal Army for the Central Bor County, one of the most respected and feared men throughout the kingdom. Vargarr made his way down from the box and through the crowd to get to the center of the track.
“This man is a cheater! He has deceived his rivals, and has tried to deceive the authorities of this tournament. Ultimately, he was fooling us all, who have come here today to enjoy an honest show.”
Vargarr paused and turned to look at the whole audience in the square. He waited a moment before continuing.
“Tell me, honorable people of Bor, do we like liars in our sacred realm?”
“No!” the crowd said.
“Do we like to be lied to?”
“No!” the crowd repeated.
“Can we allow any citizen of the world of Oris to think that he can come to the capital of the Kingdom of Bor to make fun of us?”
“NO!” the crowd roared with great joy.
“No. Of course not!”
Vargarr again took a few seconds before continuing.
“And to make sure that we send a loud and clear message to all the cheaters who may have any doubts, we will give exemplary punishment to this Terentias man. Tomorrow, after he has served the sentence that the honorable and benevolent tournament coordinator declared, this man will be brought to this square and tied to a pole in the middle of it. There he will receive twenty lashes on his back for all to see, before being expelled from the city. And to make sure of this, I will execute the punishment!” Vargarr cried with a sadistic glint in his eye.
A relative majority of the audience applauded the initiative while the Major retired and returned to the Royal Box. The audience kept applauding, forcing Vargarr to greet the people a couple of times, before asking with a gesture for them to cease the ovation to resume the competition. 
“Archers, let's return to the tournament!” the coordinator cried. “Bailiff, read the status of the competition.”
The coordinator gave the paper where he had been scoring the results to the sheriff. He moved to the center of the track and began to speak.
“Nemegrim of the Vulcanus Islands leads this round, with four targets, and has already qualified for the semifinals.”
The gnome stepped forward and greeted with great pomp the roaring crowd. 
“Then, with three targets, Caorpurak of Deepcliff.” 
The applause grew louder to acclaim the local youth.
“Finally, with two targets, the archers of the third and fifth position.” 
This latest announcement received a much smaller applause. Samar gave a damn about fame or the public. She did not compete for glory, let alone for misunderstood fame. The sheriff then detailed the status of the competition including the scores of all the archers of all rounds that still had possibilities. Samar calculated that to ensure her passage to the semifinals, she had to overcome twenty points and, therefore, should get at least a six on her last shot.
When she received the sign she aimed at the circumference of six, trying to get as close as possible to the shot of the previous round. The arrow hit the target just a few fingers above the other arrow. With this, the round concluded. She was in the semifinals.
The tournament coordinator congratulated all the participants between great applause from the public, and then began to name all the archers who passed to the next round. Twelve in total. The announcement left a name echoing in her mind: Butholith. She had used that name to enter the tournament. It was the name of her father.
Butholith was a traditional and conservative man. The expectation he had for his daughter was the one expected for most of the elven maidens from a good family: compose poetry, sing, knit, make small artistic works of great filigree and stay home in the depths of the Zon forest, the sacred forest of the elves. 
But the situation with her father had become more difficult after the unfortunate death of her mother Lirith, a few years before his departure. Her father became sad, taciturn and also more conservative and less tolerant. Her mother had worked as a retaining wall, while she was next to her father. Without her mother, her father had lost part of his balance. All this had made Samar lose a part of her freedom and she had ended up feeling suffocated in that house. Her father was a good man, and she loved him, but they thought very differently about things. 
After some years, she decided to leave in search of adventure. This situation was sad for a while, especially because her father was alone, but she could not ignore the desires of her heart. Among them was the desire to someday find the person responsible for the death of her mother, and make him pay for it.
Lirith traveled in a caravan to the Duchies Carition to trade, when they were attacked by a party of orc explorers, and even though they’d managed to repel them, she was mortally wounded by a poisoned dart. The survivors, including Lirith, managed to return to the domains of the Zon forest. The healing magic of the elves is the most powerful in the world of Oris, but it was too late for her. Fortunately, she could at least tell what had happened, and give some last messages that were then transmitted to Samar and her father. It was through these stories that the elf understood the description of the logo that the party of orcs had inscribed on their clothes and armor: an emblem with a large spider on a full red moon. 
She later found out that this was the badge worn by the slaves and servants of Skidea, an evil and powerful sorceress. No one knew where her hideout was located, even though her forces had been sighted several times in the area where the Duchies Carition, the Kingdom of Bor and Fugor, have their border. There were stories about Skidea that dated back to the time of the Great Alliance, at the beginning of the Fourth Age. 
On her advanced age, there were different theories. Some said that her powerful magic had given her great longevity. Others who had made a pact with Darken, the god of Evil, swore their allegiance in exchange of eternal life. A final group claimed that Skidea had become an undead being of great power.
A new save of trumpets heralded the start of the semifinals. Samar turned her attention to what was happening in the tournament arena. The twelve semifinalists were split into two groups of six. She would compete in the second group. This time, the rules dictated that the five best scores, that hit at least one bull’s eye, would move on to the finals. 
In the first round only two archers got at least one hit in the bull's eye: Nemelas the elf and Nemegrim the gnome. Both with very high scores. Finally, it was her turn. Samar shot, one after another, all the arrows to the ninth circle. She managed to get three hits in the ninth circle and one in the eighth circle. A sudden change in the wind intensity had deviated slightly that arrow, placing it in the immediate outer circle. Finally, in her last shot, she aimed again and got a nine. It was the highest score in the tournament so far, but she was disqualified because she didn't manage to hit the bull’s eye.
Samar knew that in the end, the archers would receive a greater scrutiny. The finalists shot one by one and not as a group, like the previous rounds. The attention of the entire public would focus on her when it was her turn. In addition, the contestants had to wear the official archers of the Bor Army uniform for the final. It was part of the honors they received for reaching the final and this ruled out any option of partially hiding her face.
Samar was dissatisfied, but not for having been unable to win the tournament, not even for not being able to compete until the end. The elf felt she had failed to take her skills to the limit, that she hadn't faced enough hardship. And so, she hadn't learned much. It had served to prove that, even in a national tournament in the capital, there were no rivals that surpassed her, at least in that kingdom. Or perhaps the true champions did not participate in those tournaments? In any case, she now understood that she would have to find new and different challenges if she wanted to continue making progress in dominating the bow and arrow, if she wanted to become the best archer in the world.
The competition was over for her and, after collecting her things quickly and quietly, she faded from the public, looking for a place to watch the rest of the competition. The final ended with the victory of Nemelas, the noble elf. None of the archers managed to beat the score that she had achieved in the semifinals.

CHAPTER 4: THE GARDEN OF JASMINES


Erion's boots sank into the mud more than he wanted while he trudged through that marshland. The sky was dark, sinister, as if someone had covered it with ash. He could barely make out a ray of sun even though they were in broad daylight. The equipment made it difficult for him to pass. He wore a silver-edged short sword in his right hand, decorated with amazing watermarks, probably elven. No doubt, it was a very valuable sword and it was probably powerful.
Mithir walked to his right, also with difficulty, and some others followed behind. They breathed that heavy air. There was a putrid stench in the air and they still had to cover more than five hundred steps to reach the end of that field. They worked hard to accelerate their pace.
Suddenly, an arrow of black plumes crossed swiftly toward them and Erion heard as someone screamed and fell, probably dead, in the group behind. He had seen that kind of arrow before. Goblins had ambushed them.
Erion awoke sweaty. It had been a very strange dream. Very intense, real, unlike any dream he had ever remembered having. He breathed deeply and saw Mithir sleeping peacefully in the bed next to his. He needed some air before trying to sleep again. He donned his leather shoes, which were very light and resistant. The soles, combined with his ability, allowed him to walk without making virtually any noise.
He left his room at the inn and closed the door very slowly. He walked to the end of the hallway and opened the window. He slipped out very carefully. He reached up, raising his hands and grabbing the cornice of the building. With two quick movements he rose up, and was already on the roof of the inn. He walked to the highest part of it, next to the fireplace, and sat, leaning his back against it. 
Although the inn was not a very tall building (it had only three floors), from its roof you could see a lot of the town of Andon. It was a quiet and peaceful night, with a pleasant temperature. He closed his eyes and concentrated on listening to the sounds of the city. The night was fairly quiet, but in the distance some noise of the low activity in those hours could be heard. An occasional dog barking could be heard, and frankly, not a lot more. 
Erion took advantage to try and collect his thoughts. That afternoon, as agreed, the messenger had delivered the documents he had stolen from the commander's house. As usual, the messenger had given him a small leather pouch containing the second half of the payment of his fees. 
This customer was very good. He always paid half in advance and his payments were always reasonable and proportionate to the risk and complexity of the job. That being said, he was very serious. He didn't accept bargains. Once he’d tried to round up the fees for a job and almost lost the customer. Since then, he always accepted at once the amount offered. At the end of the day, it was always a reasonable amount.
Something very curious had happened during dinner. While Mithir and he were eating a roasted partridge in the dining room of the inn, a courier delivered a message to them. It was the same customer for whom they had worked on that trip. Normally, weeks passed between two orders. The note delivered to them was very brief. It said tersely:
"You will have to go out tomorrow and travel to Talmyra. After crossing the town, you will continue along the path towards Deepcliff. After nine leagues south, you will find a crossroads. There you will take the westbound road for about three leagues. At that point you should see a small but lush forest not far away there, northwest. It is the only wooded area in that field, so you won't miss it. We will meet in a camp in the middle of the forest at midnight after tomorrow. I am confident that the proposal I will make will interest you."
In the two years they had been doing intermittent work for this client, this would be the third time that they would meet in person. The first time they saw him was when he made his first request. Probably the client wanted to see how they looked before recruiting them. In any case, he remembered that that mission was simple and unimportant. It had essentially been a small test.
The second time they saw him was about nine months ago when he’d tasked them, perhaps the most important and best paid mission to date. Erion sensed that this job could be even more important. He was excited and eager to know what it was, and to receive a good commission in the process. The prospect of getting rich someday attracted him, almost as much as the possibility of continuing to help the various orphanages in Bor. Also, he never said no to a good adventure. 
After wandering for a while, he returned to his quarters. With slow and steady steps, he returned to the end of the ledge. There he fell, clutching the edge of the roof at the last moment. Finally, after a couple of minor swings, he jumped into the inn through the window. Then he closed it and returned to the room. He lay back on his bed and closed his eyes. At last, he could sleep.

*******

General Bellish had always liked to take strolls. It was a beautiful autumn afternoon and he had to take advantage of the days when the weather was conducive to go out and take some air; too many hours in those rough and boring palace halls, often invested in small political issues, palace intrigue and other stupid discussions. How many times had he missed his years in the field when he was a knight! And then when he ascended to the middle-rankings in the Royal Army! 
The old general thought best when he took a stroll and the doctors said they also helped him stay fit. The years of long rides astride his steed Nemerulak in full armor, a long shield, sword and mace, were long gone. What a fantastic rider he had been in his days as a knight! The majors and colonels who were the biggest flatterers told him that there had been none like him. Obviously, they exaggerated with the useless intention of wanting to win his favor.
Of all the places to walk, one of his favorites was the Jasmine Garden, extending from the northern part of the estate surrounding the Royal Castle. It was a beautiful, harmonious place and fantastically kept by the royal gardeners. It had a long, wide main street with several smaller roads diverging to the sides. In different areas of the garden one could admire a great variety of flowers of all kinds. But the middle of the main street was covered exclusively by jasmines that perfumed the whole park with the slightest blow of the wind.
Besides its beauty, one of the great perks of the place was its proximity to the Royal Castle, where the Royal Army had its headquarters and where he spent most of his hours. It was very convenient. Whenever he felt weighed down, he could leave the castle and within minutes find himself in the Garden. 
Another advantage was that the royal stables were located east of the garden. Although it was a long walk to get there, it was always worth it. Bellish adored horses. And those who were in those stables were the most beautiful of the kingdom. There were thoroughbreds of nearly all races, even the noble and brave horses of the Aurum Emirates. What fantastic animals! In his time as a knight, it was not so easy to import something as bulky as a horse from so far away. Only the rich and the nobility could afford a luxury like that back then. Even today, it proved extraordinarily difficult, since the Emirs controlled with great care how many horses were sold and to whom. You could say it was part of its State policy. Bor was too far away to be a crucial ally of the Emirates, although relations were reasonably good at the present time.
After a while, he reached the golden pond, where different-colored fish brought from the lakes of the other countries swam carefree. Then the General felt a shiver throughout his body. He had felt that feeling many times. He knew what it meant. 
“Hi, Mengul. It's been a couple of months since I last saw you. How have you been?” he said, as he turned to the newcomer.
“Busy,” a figure that was covered by the shade of a nearby tree said.
The strange figure had appeared suddenly, as usual. Although it was difficult to see the man's features in detail, you could see he was very old. He wore a long black robe that covered his entire body and his head was also covered by a hood. His back was slightly bent, probably because of his age. His aquiline nose was inquiring. But the most striking feature was his eyes: extraordinarily bright, alert, intelligent, scrutinizing. It seemed that nothing could escape the scalpel analysis of those eyes. 
“What brings you to this garden? Surely it's not the desire to accompany an old acquaintance on his morning walk,” the General inquired.
“Sure,” the old man replied curtly.
“And? What? What do you need?” Bellish asked, impatient.
“I don't need anything. I have come to speak about disturbing rumors I've heard.”
Bellish looked at the old man, but said nothing. He waited.
“It seems that certain factions of power in Bor plan to obtain a very powerful object: the Orb of Wrath. It is possible that at this time it's already in their possession.” 
“Does such a thing even exist? I thought it was an old legend, a story for children.”
“Oh, yes. It exists. I can assure you. Although it had been lost for a long time.”
“But in the stories that were told, huge calamities were caused by that device. There was talk of wars, disasters, famine. This seems very serious.”
“It is.”
“Let's walk together to a more secluded part of the garden, while we speak,” the General suggested.
Although it produced in him a strange feeling of unease to walk away from the most visible areas of the garden with his companion, he decided he needed to walk to think. He also wanted to prevent any servant from hearing such dangerous news.
“Do you know who is involved?” Bellish said.
“Not quite. But it points to certain sectors of the Chamber, let's say the most progressive ones, and from the nobility. It's possible that the Army is also involved.”
The word “army” sounded like a knife in his head. But the old general was not particularly surprised. There was a lot of politics and many agendas in the Army as well and not everyone understood the military life as a pure service to the country. Some saw it more as an opportunity for personal growth.
“Let's see, then. If the orb is a powerful object, that in experienced hands can be used to provoke a war, and if they are held by the groups you mention, what do they intend to do with it? Are they thinking of starting a civil war between counties? Are they trying to unseat the King amid the confusion? Segregate a part of the country?”
“Everything is possible. It is hard to be sure. “
“What would they get with all of this?” the General asked.
“The war generates lucrative and various businesses. Many would benefit. Especially if they are prepared for it,” the old man mused.
“True. But a scenario of civil war is very chaotic. Other businesses would suffer. At least until the situation wasn't resolved with a segregation of the country.”
“I agree, but there is another scenario that we must consider.”
The general pondered for a moment and suddenly understood.
“A war with the orcs!” he exclaimed.
“Exactly,” the old man said.
“That would bring some of the benefits of the war, but would keep the country united. In addition, the marks have always been more belligerent against the orcs, for obvious reasons. Some of the marquis are very young and probably just conceive the easy and romantic side of the war, probably because they have never experienced one.”
“And then there's the Army,” the old man added.
“Some would try to seize the excuse of a large-scale campaign to demote me into the background,” the General understood. “That son of a bitch Vargarr must be involved in this.”
The old man didn't answer. He pulled back and sat on a bench under the shade of a namal: a majestic tree. The General approached him, sat down beside him and lowered his voice.
“What can we do? What have you thought?”
“There is an option we can try. It is very risky, but now I see no other solution. In addition we have little time, we should start several preparations.”
“What do you need me to do?” the General asked.
“Nothing.”
“I don't understand,” Bellish said, surprised.
“You must stick to your agenda and activities. If you change anything, our enemies might perceive that you know something of what they are up to. We'd lose our only advantage: an advantage that is worth very little now, unless we can understand in more detail how and when they might act.”
“You're right. Meanwhile, I'll ask two of the men of my utmost confidence to be vigilant. We should meet again soon,” the General requested.
“I know where to find you. We'll talk.”
When the General took notice, he was sitting alone in that bench in the shade. The feeling of uneasiness he had felt was gone. But it had been replaced by a deep concern, because the situation could be mortally dangerous. His enemies were right about something. He was too old for certain things. 


CHAPTER 5: THE MANSION ON THE HILL


It was a cold, gray afternoon in Ekunon. Although it was not raining, the sky was overcast over the big city. Thost dismounted from his horse and tied the reins to the support at the entrance of the building. After that, he went inside. It was the building of the departmental delegation of Administrative Services of the Central Bor County. Thost had to submit some documents and pay the taxes for the quarter. 
Upon reaching the main hall, he saw that there were quite a few people and only two county officials to assist them. He snorted, resigned; he'd have to spend the rest of the afternoon there. He asked who the last person was. A woman who had a live chicken seized by its legs raised her hand. His turn was next.
There were no seats left so he had to remain standing in a corner. It was a room about twenty steps long with three huge windows overlooking the street. Horsemen and pedestrians were passing incessantly in the hustle of the afternoon. Thost stopped to watch the street scene for a while. No sound could be heard through the thick panes. 
A very old man rose from his chair in the waiting area to go sit at the table in front of the first officer. The man who preceded him had finished making his arrangements and was leaving. Thost took the opportunity to sit in the place that the old man had vacated. To his left was a boy no older than eighteen, with red hair and many freckles. He wore pants with suspenders that were clearly too short and pretty worn out from use. To his right was a very serious lady in her fifties, who was fully dressed in black. A widow, he thought. 
After waiting for over half an hour, Thost began to remember how he had gotten there. A few years ago he lived in a palace, had hundreds of servants, ran a county with professionalism and intelligence, and had the appreciation of most of his subjects. As a count, he managed a huge budget and tried to do it reasonably with good planning for the well-being of the territory. A few thousand militia soldiers followed his orders, apart from the Royal Army unit, which was established there. He had a huge amount of land that his vassals tilled and a fishing fleet. Also, he had good friends in all areas: the Army, the other counties and the Central Administration. At least that's what he had believed. 
But everything changed radically in an intense, crazy and embarrassing month of April. The accusation had come suddenly, taking him by complete surprise. Conspiracy against the Crown! How could they dare to commit such slander? He, who had always defended the Crown and had so often prefixed the kingdom’s interests before the ones of his county! 
The process had happened abnormally fast. He did not have many options to defend himself. Now, with hindsight, he understood that various de facto powers had had to align to make things happen as they did. The King was traveling, and he’d only had access to him at the end of the process when the committee had already decided. He had hoped to have the support of the counts of Bor, Norvik and Terentias. But only Norvik count defended him openly. The Bor count was involved at that time in a small scandal, and the Terentias count had accumulated too much debt, especially with the Industrial Association. Neither was at his best, nor in a position of strength, and did not want to risk it by defending him. As permanent members of the Committee, their voices were very important. It would have been almost impossible for such a drastic decision like that to have gone ahead with three counts against it, even if the other four, and most of the other members, were in favor. But with only the support of one count, and a surprisingly belligerent atmosphere against him, he had no chance. 
The evidence presented had been incredible. It was as if someone had been accumulating a dossier and documenting all errors at a detailed level for years. Then, presenting it all together mixed with some very serious lies, and linking it in a somewhat bizarre way, had filed a case against him which looked solid. 
But the last straw had been that letter. A love letter to the Queen with his handwriting! Only that it was not for the Queen! He was courting at the time a lady called Aredelind. His wife had died shortly after the birth of his son many years ago and, after a long period of mourning, he had had multiple partners. It was perfectly legitimate for a widower as he to woo a marriageable maiden. Actually, he had been looking for someone who could fill the huge gap that his wife had left, without success. The fact is that chance determined that the last of his conquests had the same name as the Queen. Then, somehow, his enemies seized the letter and added a royal stamp, as if it had been addressed to the Queen herself.
All the experts authenticated his handwriting. And when he spoke of the maid, her trail had disappeared. No one was able to find her. And even in the hacienda where he visited her a few times, they said a woman with that description had never stayed there. It had been a nightmare.
As a result of this, he lost his home, his wealth and his title, and he was banished from his land and could never return to it. But what hurt him most was losing his name. The Oroden house had directed the Borydos County for twenty generations, and with him, that legacy had disappeared. He and his family had lost the right to use “Oroden” in their documents and thereby the rights to a name; in the Kingdom of Bor only the nobility, and a few men, were entitled to have it. He only hoped that his son could forgive him for such grievance. 
If it could only be corrected! Clearing and recovering his name someday for himself and his family was his ultimate ambition, his only ambition. But this goal seemed extremely complicated. He believed, however, that with time, effort and tenacity, it was possible. 
The first thing he needed was money, a lot of money. Many of his enemies were still in their positions of privilege. And now he understood that more than one had been able to use the money to buy willpower, twist opinions and conspire. Money could also buy the favor of support to help him in this battle. Secondly, he needed to get his own dossiers with the skeletons in the closet that his enemies might have. This would allow him to neutralize their action when the time came. That is, the same tactics that were used against him. He had no doubt that it would be possible to document the abuses of the bastards, but he needed, again, money and time. The third thing would be to build a review of his case that might overturn the conviction. But he would need to hire good lawyers, collect evidence, find that woman and get her to sign an affidavit. Finally, he'd need the opportunity to do a great service to the Kingdom of Bor, which the King could not ignore. This way, he could reclaim the review of his case. But he could only get to that point when he was prepared.
For a man in his present situation, there was only one way to get large sums of money: the adventures. It was a very romantic and attractive idea, but the reality is that practically no adventurer was successful enough to get rich. But it was possible and Thost had met a knight who had accomplished it. Besides, he still had a couple of supports that would surely willingly accompany him. 
His son Ithelas was investigating ancient writings, seeking clues that might lead them to a lost treasure. He had been attempting to gather contacts that could put him in communication with contractors: people who carried out certain assignments for adventurers for a certain amount of gold. Though they had done some homework, so far they had not gotten any work of real importance. But he would not give up so easily.
While he was deep in thought, three people had been attended. Two men, who were chatting, entered the room at that time and went to the benches to take a seat. One of them approached Thost and with a curt nod indicated him to move to the left, probably because that way the two men would have enough room to sit together. 
No one in that room could even imagine that he’d ever been a count. Thost, who always had been received everywhere as an Excellency, now had to hide his past. It had been a condition to be able to reside in Bor County: no public notoriety and go unnoticed in the city. And even he could consider himself lucky; some in the trial had asked for a sentence of death by hanging, leading the charge to high treason.
The man who had just entered and sat to his right stank considerably. He probably hadn't showered in about a month. Although the red-haired boy on his left didn't smell much better. He stood up and walked to the windows to watch the street again. 
The front building was an amphorae factory. A large gate stood in the middle of the facade and had many carts moving in and out constantly. The wagons went out loaded high with ceramics of all types and colors: small and medium vases, dishes, pots and, of course, amphorae. Ceramics was one of the main activities of the city and County, and the goods were exported throughout the kingdom and even to other countries. McMica was the company that controlled the production of these goods in the city. It was a company that had flourished throughout the entire kingdom.
The city also had a distinguished guild of goldsmiths who concentrated on the Walk of Gem, in the commercial area of ​​the city. There you could find jewelry of all kinds, as well as precious stones. Knowing how to choose the day and time could get you some good bargains. Thost had been there many times, when money allowed him to be a regular customer of the guild. But now those days seemed far away.
He had to wait for nearly two hours until finally it was his turn. At that time three or four people who came after him ended up being attended before him. Those born in the County had priority in administrative proceedings, and he’d been born in another county, obviously. 
Finally, one of the officials motioned to him. 
“What do you want?” he asked without even looking at him.

*******

Thost rode, trotting his horse. He could see the old mansion on top of the hill. It was very close and he slightly accelerated his pace. He was tired and wanted to get home. He could see the smoke coming from the north fireplace. His son Ithelas had probably lit the fire. 
He led Estogarr to a medium-size shed, which was very close to the mansion, where they could store up to six horses. After introducing the horse into their fold and giving him some caresses, he served the horse an extra helping of straw. He had behaved beautifully, as usual. He was a good traveling horse. He possessed great strength, was very docile and predictable, and not easily frightened. But he wasn't a warhorse. He could not trot it in speed, mounted in full armor.
After greeting and caressing the other horses, he went into the house. He stopped and looked at the beautiful entrance. Some of the furnishings were of high quality and the interior was generally in good condition. He had been lucky to have been able to keep that house. It had been one of the summer houses of his family for generations, especially for family members who had passion for hunting. In those plains, you could find foxes, bears and wolves, among other prey. The most appreciated were the winter wolves, which had amazing and valuable white fur. 
The hunting of these animals for their skins was professionalized in the last twenty years, becoming one of the important economic activities of the city. The skins were exported to other cities and counties, especially to those in the north, which were colder in winter. Since professional hunters had cornered the area, hunting had become much more difficult for fans. The nobility and the wealthy that had built or bought houses in that area, in order to exploit this hobby, had been losing interest in visiting these villas as hunting became more complicated. Many people sold them and didn't return, but he always wanted to keep it. Some of the happiest memories of his childhood, with his father and other relatives, had taken place in that old house. Although the property was, perhaps, the least valuable of the houses of his fortune, he always had a special affection for it. And this was providential when the problems arrived. As the house was not within the Borydos County, they could not claim it directly. Yet he was about to lose it, but his friend, the Count of Norvik, had interceded for him to keep it and thus have a place to live outside the County, fulfilling the order of banishment. Now that residence was all that remained of his family fortune.
Of course, its maintenance wasn't cheap, so he had to do without most of the servants and only kept Dreshpho, who served as a cook and maid. He also closed one of the sections of the house to reduce costs. In any case they did not need much space. Ithelas and he had to work several hours a week to maintain the animals, cut wood or care for the garden. But Ithelas was responsible for the latter, since he did not mind taking care of the horses. In fact, he loved it; Thost loved horses. They were much more reliable than people.
Ithelas sat in the great hall, next to the fire with one of his books. He read so much! 
“Hello, son,” Thost greeted.
“Hello, Father. How did it go in town?” the young man asked.
“I took longer than I would have liked. But I managed to complete all the formalities.”
The knight briefly summarized the few developments concerning his trip. Ithelas nodded slowly before returning to his reading. It was a very old and thick tome; it was somewhat dusty.
Samar then entered the room. The elf greeted Thost warmly. Then she sat down next to them and pulled out a wooden figure from a small pouch she was carrying. She took a sharp knife from her belt and began to carve the figure with slow, methodical, precise movements. She liked to carve in the living room while talking to them. She said it was relaxing and she had a real talent for it. She carved lovely figures.
What a girl! The elf had been with him longer than he could remember. She was one of his most trusted people, even in the early stages as Count of Borydos. And since then he had only received friendship and loyalty. She was practically one of the only ones who’d supported him when he was banished. He'd trust her with his life and, even more, that of his own son without a moment's hesitation.
Samar also contributed to the maintenance of the house. She was the best hunter he had ever seen, and went out periodically to claim some pieces and then sell them for gold. She helped Thost with the costs with part of what she got from her hunting. The elf gave another part of her games to the cook. Really, between the meat Samar brought and the vegetables they obtained from the small garden that Ithelas maintained, their expenses on food were very small. They bought mainly flour, spices, salt, wine and cheese. Thost took care of it during his visits to the city once a week.
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. This was not usual; they barely had visits. Thost got up and went to open it. At the entrance there was a man wearing worn-out travel clothes, mostly leather. The man had a certain size; he was not a classless servant.
“Good afternoon,” the individual said.
“Good afternoon. Who are you?” Thost asked.
“A simple messenger. I have a letter for you and your companions,” the man responded as he extended his arm and handed him an envelope.
Thost picked it up, and when he looked back, the man was gone. This was the strangest thing. Mail was no longer delivered to his home. This was one of the many services interrupted when he had to leave Borydos. Now he could only collect his letters when he passed the post office, usually once a week, while visiting the city. And private courier services were extremely rare and expensive. Normally only the rich and the nobility, who had many servants, used such practices and only did it by sending one of their trusted servants.
He read the outside of the envelope. It was addressed to Thost Oroden, Ithelas Oroden and Samar, daughter of Butholith.


CHAPTER 6: THE CITY OF THE EMERALD LAKE


Mithir and Erion left early. They had taken a quick breakfast at the bar of the inn and had paid the bill. After they had gathered their meager belongings they had gone to the East Gate of the city. There were stables there where they could recover their horses, upon payment of the prescribed fee. The horses were well fed and looked reasonably good. This was certainly a very well-organized and reliable city. Although it could surely prosper faster if it had a good commander, instead of a corrupt one.
After taking the horses, they headed south. They decided it would be best to stay overnight in Talmyra, as they had to go through there anyway. Also, as usual, they were heading to a city bank to enter the “acquired” goods; at least those that didn't attract attention. They always did it in a different city from which they acted. Erion posed as merchant and with a false identity, created securities accounts in all the major banks in Bor. A trader was always traveling between cities and it was a lucrative profession. So it was one of the most suitable ways to accumulate assets without arousing suspicion.
One of Erion's hobbies was to invest. For some reason, he was great at it. He had reached the point where some bank officers asked him for advice on certain issues, as the betting options used to work well for him. He generally received higher yields than the average, but never anything disproportionate.
Erion knew how to make big money in a short amount of time, but he had to perform espionage and traffic business secrets. The reason he had never practiced this option wasn't because it was illegal, but mainly because economic success that was too sudden would draw too much attention. Adequate risk control was one of the keys to a long and successful career.
In his scheme it was essential to stay out of the spotlight of the authorities and for this, he took many precautions. He did the same thing with Mithir's investments, who fully trusted his judgment in this matter, in the same way that he trusted Mithir for any matter concerning magic.
If they hurried up, they could reach Talmyra at nightfall; then find a good inn, spend the night and the next morning, enter the newly acquired goods in the bank, and get an early start to their final destination. But before that they had another task to accomplish. Once they were a couple of leagues away from the city, they turned off the road to go into the undergrowth. After riding less than a quarter of a league, they found an opening that seemed a suitable place. They left their horses and conveniently tied them up.
Mithir stood in the middle of the plain and told Erion what he should do, handing him the amulet in the shape of a dove that he had gotten the day before. Erion hung it around his neck. Mithir then stepped away and showed his friend the gesture he had to make.
Erion concentrated as he rubbed the talisman, muttering a few words. Then a blue light began to shine around him. Moments later, Erion became a dove. The transformation happened in seconds. He was a fine specimen of a common gray dove. Soon, the bird took flight and headed north. After waiting about a minute, Mithir saw the dove returning by the same route and after an acrobatic descent, perched in the same place from where it had left. 
Then, after standing still for a moment, Erion regained his usual form. He appeared in a heap on the floor. His clothes were wrinkled but everything seemed to be intact. He rose while shaking his pants and looked at Mithir.
“It was amazing!” Erion cried.
“I'd like to try it sometime,” Mithir said with gestures.
“Sure! Thank you for teaching me how to use it.”
“You're welcome, brother.”
“I would need to know what the conditions of use are in more detail: how many times a day, for how long it can be used or what happens when the time has run out.”
“I can help you find out everything in detail. From what I saw when I identified it and from what I've seen now, I'd say you can use it daily for an hour or so. Probably when the time is consumed, you will feel a great urgency to perch in the first place you can find and once there, the effect of the spell will end. But to be sure, I have to do several tests with the amulet, or take it to a Magic Master for a detailed identification,” explained Mithir.
“Thanks. This is useful to me for the moment.”
“Sure. It's best if we get underway. We still have a long way to go.”
While horseback riding again and rebooting the march, Erion was thinking about the possibilities that his new toy would provide. He could use it to easily enter the most impregnable fortress. But on the other hand, if he could only use it once a day, it would serve to enter or exit but not both. Moreover, after his transformation, his gear, including his backpack, disappeared with him and reappeared after the reverse transformation. This would serve to transport the loot easily. Come to think of it, it might be more useful to use it to escape than to enter. This, obviously, also depended on the place. There are places where it is very hard to enter, but relatively easy to get out and vice versa. In short, it was not clear what the best strategy would be, but he realized that it was important to understand in detail what the limits of the use of the amulet were. In any case this was going to be, probably, the most useful object he had, considering his profession. He felt happy.
Mithir rode beside him with a look of satisfaction. His “brother” was one of the least selfish people he had met, and was especially generous with him. He thought it was important and fair to find something of similar value for the magician. Mithir used to be interested in anything that would allow him to increase his knowledge, skill or mastery over magic. These objects were hard to get, or extremely expensive if you tried to buy them. But Erion would find a way to get something suitable for Mithir.
They rode tirelessly throughout the day. They stopped just for a few minutes, a couple of times, so the horses could drink water from a stream, and they could eat some bread with raisins very quickly. They reached Talmyra shortly after nightfall. It was almost seven o'clock. 
“Maybe I still have time to get to the bank to make arrangements before they close,” Erion thought aloud. 
“Good idea. Hurry. See you later,” Mithir said with gestures.
The magician left for The Green Dragon, his usual inn in that place. Erion quickened his pace, heading for the Lake Bank: the only bank in the city. They’d had some investments there for about three years and maintained a close relationship with one of the deputy directors, named Zastur. As usual, in the bank they were convinced that Erion was a generous and kind-hearted merchant, who liked to devote part of his profits to help towards the education and health of children in need. In addition, the young man was a good customer and, as he appeared only once every few weeks, didn't demand a lot of work. Erion always deposited and never withdrew money; in other words, the perfect client.
Erion reached the gate of the bank at ten to seven. He tied the horse, took one of the saddlebags and went into the building after greeting the sheriff of the door. He went straight to Zastur's desk. He was alone, without customers, and just starting to collect his papers. 
“Welcome. I didn't know you were in the city,” Zastur greeted, standing up to greet him warmly and with genuine joy. 
The two men exchanged a brief routine conversation, where they told each other how they had been.
“What can I do for a beloved customer?” Zastur asked.
Erion pulled out a bag with money and began to explain what he wanted to do. 
“I'm here to make a deposit. As usual, use a third of the money to make a donation to the Hospice of the city,” Erion requested.
In this place they gave meals to those who needed them, but most of the work was to take care of a hundred children living there as permanent residents. A cleric of the Order of Light visited the hospice during weekday mornings and provided basic education to the children. 
“Deposit the remaining money in my investment account, please,” he added.
Mallash was the false identity he used to make all the deposits during their travels. That account carried out various investments in certain businesses, according to preset criteria that Erion had established. 
“I want to make a small change in the investment criteria,” he added.
Erion asked to reduce the investments in saline by half, and increase investment in textile manufacturing, with the amount of the difference. Erion was always watching the developments in all sectors. His travels and his intelligence gave him a view of the potential evolution of things; although he could be wrong, he was usually right. Zastur was used to always making adjustments, as Erion took advantage of every visit to make any requests.
Finally, the young man pulled out another bag with valuables from his saddlebag. After getting loot, he always carefully inspected the goods obtained and classified them into two groups. In the first, always scarce, he placed the goods that were untraceable or impossible to identify; for example, a gold bar, a gem in the rough, silver cutlery without any design or inscription, etc. In the second group, he put everything else. If in doubt, he put the object in the second sack. Erion put the first bag on the table, while leaving the second in the knapsack, and spoke.
“As per usual, some customers paid in kind, so I would need you to assess these objects, and add the funds to my account,” Erion said.
“And, as usual, I understand you've already made your own assessment,” Zastur replied.
“Exactly. I would say 128 gold coins is a fair valuation,” Erion explained.
Zastur picked up the bag and took it to another branch of the bank. He returned a little later and explained that, as in previous occasions, the bank would conduct the assessment and report back. Meanwhile, immediately they would enter an amount equivalent to three quarters of the assessment that Erion carried out. Their assessments were always extremely tight. And as Zastur knew, and was a trusted client, he got the favorable treatment applying a priori estimate of the customer. When a few days later the bank completed their review, the amount would be adjusted accordingly in the customer's account. The difference of a quarter that was missing was the commission to the bank for managing material assets. It was a little high, compared to what Erion could get if he traded the value of the goods, but this was a very convenient solution as it allowed him to minimize the work he had to perform as well as the goods that he had to physically accumulate.
The two men parted warmly and Erion picked up his knapsack and left the bank. The hours of operation were over and as he went out the door, an official closed it. They had been waiting for him to finalize the negotiations. Erion felt lucky because, otherwise, he would have had to wait until the opening hours at nine in the morning, when the number of people in the windows was greater. Now they could leave at dawn, or even before, and reach their final destination on time and without major hassles.
As he rode to The Green Dragon, he observed the streets and the people who were crossing his path closely. Talmyra was a large city and like all large cities of Central Bor County, had more than twenty thousand inhabitants. On a couple of occasions, he had to slightly change the trajectory of his horse to avoid big carts painted in blue. They were of the Glass Company. They transported different objects such as bottles, ornaments or mirrors. These carts always moved very slowly and eventually hindered the flow of the streets.
After a while, he came to a large square. In it were many stands that dealt with all kinds of vegetables and grain. Many carts came and went through one of the streets that connected it to one of the city gates. Farmers from the area came to sell their products there. Wholesalers bought the goods, loaded it in their cars and sent it to other cities of the County for sale. Only a small part of the products were sold in the same city.
He decided to deviate slightly to ride along Lake Avenue. It was a very pleasant ride that stretched across the eastern fringe of the city, outside the walls. Although the fall was already gone and it had been quite cold during the previous weeks, the temperature today was reasonable enough to walk. The avenue bordered the Emerald Lake, the main water source of the city. At the lakeside there were a couple of sawmills and a shipyard, where boats and other small vessels were built. The boats of Emerald Lake were very famous for their excellent quality and were used in lakes and rivers throughout the center of the Kingdom of Bor area.
Finally he reached the inn and, after leaving his horse in the stable, went into the building.


CHAPTER 7: THIRST FOR EVIL


Ronu finished dressing and went out to run errands. Her mother had asked her to go to pick up a dress from the seamstress who lived two streets below. It was a beautiful day. Not like the previous week, when it had rained every day. The archipelago of the Kingdom of Tylar was usually a very rainy place. But Ronu liked to go out for a walk in the streets in the autumn evenings, even on rainy days. 
The young woman flew down the stairs of her home leading to the street, but carefully, as not to step on the long skirt of her dress. It was a beautiful green ensemble, made of fine silk, which matched her large eyes. The dress was very light and usually wasn't too hot, even at the high temperatures of those days on the Island of Megara. 
Tylar was a hot country with a tropical climate. Exiting any of its cities was almost always synonymous with entering a lush forest that stretched as far as the eye could see. Enormous broad-leaf trees made the progress through those lands difficult. The roads connecting the different populations required constant maintenance to prevent vegetation from making them disappear, literally.
Life was quiet in the city of Bergen. Although it was a very large city, everything moved slowly there. Things were different in the cities of the coast, with all the activity of the ports, trade and transport. Ronu liked the hustle and had decided long ago that one day, she would move to a city on the coast. She loved living in her country, one of the most prosperous in the world of Oris, especially because of the export of handicrafts and fine woods, and partly because of commercial activities. Tylar's fleet controlled part of the trade by sea on the south coast since before the Great Alliance. But their city, primarily dedicated to logging and jewelry, was too quiet for her. 
She was young and had time. She had just turned nineteen. Several of her friends were already married and one was even expecting her first child. But she was in no hurry. Unless the right guy came along, of course. He would have to be from the coast. She loved the sea. She always remembered the magical moment when she saw the sea for the first time, when she was ten. Since then, every year she had sought a way to convince her mother to spend part of the summer vacation somewhere offshore. Usually, it was only for a couple of weeks. But Ronu looked forward to those weeks all year long.
“Until next time, Ronu,” a lady greeted from across the street.
“Goodbye,” Ronu said, gesturing with her hand.
It was Mrs. Mephinosa, a friend of her mother; a little nosy but harmless. She used to go occasionally to drink tea with her mom. They always chatted for a long time. She tried to find some work to do to be away from home on those evenings. So the interrogation was avoided. “And when are you getting married, my child? Have you finished preparing your outfit? Where do you go Tuesday afternoon? I always see you walking past the Central Square.”
She had arrived at the seamstress. She was a very old and very hardworking lady. She liked working women. But the lady was too old. One should have the right to rest upon reaching a certain age. She decided to rush to finish her task. This way, she'd have time to stroll along the avenue of the Poplars before returning home.

*******

Nightfall had just arrived and Vuthral was thirsty. He had long been the master of the night in much of the island of Megara. From his lair, a castle located in a remote region in the hills south of the island, he could choose each week a different place to go feed. 
When he decided to settle in the Kingdom of Tylar, more than two centuries ago, he wasn't too sure he had made the right choice. At that time he was fleeing from the persecutions against his race, increasingly effective in the Duchies Carition. Tylar seemed to be far away; perhaps a more naive kingdom, with less experience in hunting vampires. Now he knew, after the time that had passed, that he had made a good decision. 
It took a while for him to find the ideal location. It's not so easy to locate a place that's far enough away on an island. Nor was it adapting the little old mansion he bought shortly after arriving, and to turn it into a residence worthy of his kind. It took nearly forty years to achieve; something that allowed him to stop longing for his ancient castle in the Duchies. But once he did, he didn't look back. 
The castle also had all the amenities he could require for himself and his offspring. It was hard to find, it was difficult to access and, once inside, it had various types of defenses, which allowed the vampire to have a very high degree of security. Vuthral had worked a long time to achieve it. 
There he could have all the slaves he wanted; eat with impunity, with a very low risk level. In the villages they hadn't even imagined that a vampire lived on the island. They blamed the disappearances of maids and servants on criminals or spells. At some point, the suspicions began in Bergen, one of the main cities. Since then, he had minimized the number of occasions that he “hunted” there. And when he did, it was usually somewhere on the periphery of the villages nearby, where the people were ignorant and superstitious.
The power of a vampire increases with time, as it consumes more and more human blood. Absorbing the life energy of human beings makes him more and more powerful. A vampire can feed and survive on the blood of animals, as well. But all he would do is survive. Vuthral used a lot the resource of the animals in his castle. Most of his slaves fed on animal blood. This allowed him to maintain more control over them, preventing them from becoming more powerful. Moreover, his servants could buy animals at fairs without arousing suspicion, to then sacrifice in the safety of his castle. This was also part of the security system, which had already greatly reduced the number of human “disappearances,” and had thus allowed him to increase and enhance his power in total anonymity. Despite being a thousand years old, his power had increased more in the last two centuries he had spent in Tylar than in the previous eight.

Vuthral wanted to do something different tonight. He had not incorporated a slave to his harem in a while, and he wanted a girl who was distinguished, attractive and strong but sweet at the same time. He had been watching several candidates and had finally decided. But before hunting he needed to feed. He became a large bat and flew from the highest tower of the castle heading north. 
After flying for an hour he spotted a small farm that was somewhat isolated from the nearest center. He came down and landed on a nearby tree to watch. The farm seemed to be inhabited by a family of three: a couple in their forties and a young boy of about fifteen. The farmers were busy preparing the farm for the night. The woman was checking the animals in the next shed, the farmer was picking farm implements and the boy had gone back into the house.
The vampire decided to seize the moment and quickly went to the animal shed. The woman was giving hay to the horses and was surprised to see him. Before the woman could react in any way, the powerful Vuthral looked into her eyes and began to subdue her. After a few moments the will of the farmer had been annulled. She was at the mercy of the vampire's control. She must obey. She had to obey.
Vuthral told the woman to follow him and walked out of the shed into the countryside where he had seen the farmer. He was only a few hundred yards from the shed in front of the family home, but he couldn't see the man when he got there. So he went into the house. Fortunately for Vuthral, the front door was still open. A vampire has many powers but also some limitations. One is that he can't enter a house that is closed, unless he is invited by one of its inhabitants.
After crossing the threshold of the door, he entered a good-sized room that served as a lounge and dining area. Undoubtedly, the main room of the house. The young boy was in a corner of the room, stacking logs in the fireplace, probably preparing a fire to heat the home during the night. Vuthral again used his powers and with his domineering gaze controlled the young boy and forced him to wait in a chair next to the fireplace.
Before the vampire could continue his hunt, he felt a strong blow to the back of his head. Someone had hit him. He turned and saw the farmer wielding a shovel. The farmer, surprised to not to have caused any damage to his dangerous visitor, raised his shovel to strike again. With his superhuman strength, Vuthral pushed the farmer, who was thrown against the wall of the room, leaving him dazed and vulnerable.
The vampire could have used the opportunity to use his dominant gaze, but he decided that this impertinent man deserved a cruel fate. He picked up a rope he had seen at the end of the room and tied the farmer to a chair in the living room. Then he ordered the woman to enter the room and sit in a chair next to her son. He closed the door of the house and headed to the kitchen. There he found a jar of pepper in a cabinet where spices were kept. He returned to the living room and placed the palm of his hand under the nose of the farmer with a handful of pepper in it. The farmer sneezed after breathing a bit of it and regained consciousness. He was bound and helpless with his family before him. He could not understand why his wife and son didn't answer him, and why they didn't do anything. 
“What's your name?” Vuthral asked, with his beyond-the-grave voice.
“Urlamon,” the farmer said. “What do you want from us? We are not rich.”
“On the contrary. I think you have something very valuable. Your life,” the sadistic vampire said and laughed. “The time has come for you to bid farewell to your family, Urlamon.”
And with a quick gesture he pounced on the woman's neck and with his fangs, hungrily sucked her blood. Urlamon screamed in horror. 
“What are you doing to my wife, you filthy beast?” he cried disconsolately.
Vuthral continued sucking, while the woman's skin became more and more pale. After a while, the woman's body fell to the ground, lifeless. Urlamon screamed for mercy. He said he could take whatever he wanted; they had some gold in the bedroom under a trapdoor, but to leave his family alone.
The vampire then turned to the boy and looked at the farmer. It was a look of pure evil. Urlamon begged him to leave his son. It was his only son. He offered his life in exchange. But nothing could stop Vuthral, who bit the boy and sucked his blood, thus ending his life. 
The farmer wept disconsolately. Nothing mattered anymore. When the vampire untied him, he did not try to hit him again. He stood waiting for the outcome. In an evil twist, Vuthral told him that if he managed to leave the house, he would live and be free. The vampire really had no intention of keeping that promise. He just wanted to have fun a little longer. But Urlamon was so sad and grief-stricken that he barely had the strength to walk out the door. The vampire knew that the fun was over and, pouncing on the farmer, ended his life. Three human victims in one night was an extraordinarily generous portion, even for a vampire as old as Vuthral. A serving like this would sustain him for a long while.
Before continuing his way, the vampire had to cover his tracks. He single-handedly took the three bodies in his arms and carried them out of the house, to the animal shed. Earlier he had perceived that the pigs had not yet been fed when he surprised the woman. It was a large herd of about thirty or forty animals, and some were large. The pigs grunted as he came. It was obvious they were very hungry.
The vampire laid the corpses on the floor. With his superhuman strength and violent claws, he tore the bodies one by one into several large pieces. After that, he threw them into different areas of the pig's enclosure, giving them the opportunity to access any piece. The pigs lunged on the meat voraciously.
Vuthral then went to the house and entered the bedroom. He found the hatch where the farmer said he had kept the gold. It was not much, but he took it with him. Then he shifted a lot of the furniture in the rest of the house looking for anything valuable. Although he didn't find a lot, he took everything he found. He cared enough to leave things messy, so that everyone would believe that this had been an assault with robbery.
Vuthral vaguely remembered the distant time when he had been human. He had wanted to be rich and hadn't succeeded. Now he had more money and goods that he had ever dreamed of, but he understood that the money lost much importance when you were immortal. Having all the time in the world made it easy to accumulate money, if you were smart. And he was very smart.
He left the house with the goods he had found, and walked for a while: more than a league. When he reached a crossroads, he sought a relatively close lone tree that stood about fifty steps from the crossing. It was the only lone tree in the area. At its base, he dug a small hole and buried the goods. His servants would then come to pick them up. The place was sufficiently differentiated so that they would have no trouble finding it. Finally, he flew and went to his ultimate destination for the night.

*******

It was already late, and Ronu hadn't noticed. She had been entertained in the upper quarter, where artists exhibited their works in the street. There you could find a bit of everything: paintings, sculptures, antiques, jugglers, clowns and theatrical street performances. There was a continuous bustle of people in a lively and bohemian atmosphere. It was the liveliest area of ​​the city and, for her, a shelter. Unfortunately, the flea market on the street began late in the afternoon and, whenever she visited, she got home later than usual. She preferred not to be late, especially, to not worry her mother. Although she had never understood what she had to worry about. In Bergen nothing ever happened.
She had bought a couple of small chandeliers for her mother. They were old and very beautiful, and would look good in the dining room. In addition, they had cost just a couple of gold coins. She had to bargain and use all her charm on the seller. But undoubtedly, she had gotten a great deal. Her mother would be pleased. She expected this would compensate her mother's concern for her tardiness.
After leaving the high district, she decided to cross the center through the park. It was a little darker, but it was a great shortcut. In addition, it seemed to be a very romantic walk, among the namal and ronto trees in the moonlight; they were her favorite trees. She walked happily through the Central Avenue of the Park. It was a beautiful night, after a lovely day. It had cooled a little after sunset, but the temperature was still very nice. 
She had hardly seen anyone since she had entered the park. Years ago, some constables guarded there at night and at other sites around the city center. But they had long since reduced the abundance of patrols to cut costs. The town was very quiet and there was hardly any crime. 
She kept walking. She only heard a few sounds: her footsteps on the path, the sounds in the park's garden (a cricket, an owl or a branch swaying in the wind) and her own breathing. She was nearing the end of the avenue. After arriving at the goldfish pond, she turned left to go to the Gate of the Ronto.
In that area of the park, the trails were much narrower. The forest was much lusher there and seemed to barge menacingly over the road, leaving little space for pedestrians, especially on a busy day. 
Suddenly, unexpectedly, she fell forward. She could barely avoid hurting herself or damaging the chandeliers, after breaking the fall with the palm of her left hand. She got up slowly, a bit dazed, as she checked her dress. Fortunately, she had not torn it or stained it. She felt a bit stupid. With the darkness, she had not noticed that the root of a tree had grown deep into the path. She had stumbled and fallen like a child.
She resumed her way towards the gate. She could already make it out in the background. She had a few steps to go. It seemed that the temperature had dropped another couple of degrees; her thin jacket didn't cover her much, but it really wasn't that cold. She continued walking while trying to pay attention to where she stepped to avoid tripping again. Finally, she reached the gate and left the park.
She was pretty close to her home, but still had to walk through the neighborhood. She crossed King's Avenue, which ran across the park, and had to stop because a horse-drawn carriage was passing at a certain speed. It was completely black and very elegant. Something about it caught her attention, but she didn't know what. After crossing the avenue, she entered through one of the main roads that would take her close to home. There were some people on the street, but very few. It was already quite late. After walking a dozen blocks, she finally reached a junction where she took the left path. 
Her house was only a hundred steps away. She walked two blocks and took the last turn to the right onto her street. Her mother would surely be waiting for her.

*******

The vampire was waiting inside the ledge of a portal in the building next door. He could smell his prey in the air. She was just around the corner, he could feel her. He let the girl pass along and immediately jumped into the street and called her.
“Miss, you dropped this,” he said, extending his arm with a flower in his hand.
“That is not mine,” the girl said.
She was already sentenced. The vampire took the opportunity to look her straight in the eye. The girl had considerable strength and great willpower, but the power of the vampire in such a short distance was irresistible to almost any mortal. The girl eventually subdued after a while and began to follow the vampire after he made a gesture. There was a very elegant horse-drawn carriage waiting at the corner. They went inside. Unlike the usual, this car had no windows.


CHAPTER 8: AN UNEXPECTED MEETING


Mithir and Erion left before dawn. They were already out of town before the sun started to rise on the horizon. They bought some supplies and decided they would eat breakfast on the way to save time. They had a long journey ahead that day. When they had been riding for an hour, and after dawn, they left the road.
“Let's stop briefly for breakfast,” Erion proposed.
“After the rocks, it can be a good place,” Mithir pointed.
“All right. I'll make the fire,” Erion said.
“And I'll grab the food: sausage with cornbread,” the magician added.
After eating, they picked everything up and prepared to resume their journey. It was then when they saw four wolves that had approached silently from behind the rocks. The animals had a thin black coat. Their developed tense muscles let the men perceive an almost complete absence of fat. The wolves showed their huge, furious, salivating tusks. The herd had probably detected their tracks with their tuned sense of smell. There was no time to lose. They had to react quickly. 
Erion ran to the saddle and grabbed his hand crossbow, which he always had prepared. He loaded it and shot one of the wolves. The arrow flew swiftly toward its goal and wounded one of them in the foreleg. Erion had aimed at its head, but the animal moved to start the race towards them. He was lucky to have reached the target, but the wolf could still be dangerous; at least it would be slower and easier to control.
The other three beasts took charge against them, while the wounded wolf followed them more slowly. Mithir, who’d sat on his horse when the wolves appeared, pulled a small bag from his pocket. He took powder and some seeds from it. After making a few quick gestures and babbling murmurs, his hands began to glow with a silvery tone, and a moment later four small orange spheres shot out at high speed. They described strange curved paths, but they all reached their target. Three of them hit the first, the fastest, and shot him dead. The last hit the wolf that followed, wounding it in the side, but not killing it. 
Erion put another arrow in his crossbow, cocking it with a quick and trained gesture. He shot the second wolf. A part of its coat had been burned from the impact of Mithir's magical projectiles, and the animal was roaring angrily when the arrow pierced its skull, next to one of its ears. It dropped dead instantly. And then there were two.
The third came to them in a flash, with no time for further reaction. It jumped on Erion, trying to dig its fangs into his jugular. Erion moved his head back slightly, as he wrestled with it. The beast was much stronger; he wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer. Behind, Mithir dismounted and took his wooden quarterstaff. He approached the wolf from behind and, taking advantage of Erion's struggle with it, hit it as hard as he could in its head. The animal did not suffer great damage but remained quite dazed and released its prey. Without a second's hesitation, Erion seized the moment, drew his short sword and struck it with a quick and violent movement at the wolf's neck, the animal falling dead moments later.
Erion then felt a sharp pain in his left leg. The last beast, which had been wounded in the leg, had finally reached them and had taken him by surprise. The wolf would not let go of his leg and he could hear how it tore through his muscles. He thought he was going to lose consciousness because of the pain. In an effort of self-control, he moved his sword to his left hand, not being able to reach the animal behind him with his right hand, and stabbed it in neck, killing it instantly.

*******

Erion woke up with excruciating pain. He turned to see the status of his leg. It was completely bandaged below the knee. Mithir was at his side. It was obvious he had done everything he could to heal the wound. 
Mithir reached for something in his backpack. It was a small bottle. He uncorked it and held it.
“You must drink this. It will help you heal,” he affirmed seriously.
“I hope it's not our last healing potion,” Erion said.
“Shut up and drink!” Mithir replied impatiently, as he moved the bottle to his lips.
Healing potions were expensive but relatively easy to get. Almost every town had a healer who dealt with them.
“What has happened? How long have I been asleep?” Erion asked.
“You lost consciousness. Fortunately, the fight was over. You slept for about an hour. Just enough time to cure your wounds. Do you think you can ride?”
“Let me try.”
“Yes, but you must wait a while for the potion to take effect. That will help so the wound doesn't open again.”
A while later, Erion felt better. His leg still hurt a lot, but he was able to move. He thought he could even walk with a cane, though perhaps not for long. Fortunately they had horses. He climbed onto his and tried to ride across the meadow. He noticed that he didn't feel a lot of discomfort with the horse's movement. Mithir motioned for them to continue their journey.
As he rode with his brother, Erion pondered what happened. The world of Oris was a dangerous place. Especially as you stepped out of the cities. In addition, a small group or a solo traveler were running far greater risks because there were far fewer dangers which you could take defense from. It was, therefore, even more important to be cautious.
Mithir and Erion had traveled much of the Kingdom of Bor since leaving the orphanage about six years ago. That was the year that Erion turned twenty and could legally look after Mithir. Otherwise they would have had to wait for Mithir to turn eighteen, the age when the orphans left the Lefport orphanage. Erion should have left it at that age, but he’d managed to convince the Mother Superior to let him stay as a worker for two years, until Mithir was old enough. He did everything: cleaned floors and toilets, took care of farm animals or worked in the kitchen. But this allowed him to continue taking care of his brother and at the same time, earn a small amount of money (very small), while making big plans of everything they would do once they left the orphanage.
He could not say that the orphanage had been a bad experience. They were welcomed very small, when otherwise they would not have survived. They had been fed every day, although the food was not much; and most importantly, they’d gotten an education, a very basic one, though. Although the sisters and the workers had been severe and disciplined, they always received a reasonably fair treatment. Another thing was the treatment of the other children at the orphanage; some were real thugs. As for the sisters, if they had ever received any kind of punishment, usually it had been deserved. 
Erion then recalled how on one occasion Mithir and he had gotten a little mouse in the bag of the helping mother. She worked in the small infirmary at the orphanage and worked in the gardens, as well. She cultivated different types of medicinal herbs, then collected and kept them carefully. She was stiff as a stick, but she was not a bad person. Now that he remembered the episode, he couldn't understand why they had chosen her for the mouse prank, having others more deserving to be their “victims.”
When the helping mother picked her bag to return to the main building of the orphanage, she did not perceive the friend who was inside it. But once she got to the infirmary and opened the bag to take the herbs that she collected ... well, the cry was heard in the surrounding buildings. Erion and Mithir believed for a moment that they could get away with it, and it was possible that a mouse had slipped naturally into the bag while in the field. But nothing escaped Mother Superior. That bitch was damn smart. She always ended up finding out what had really happened. He did not understand how, but she was extremely difficult to trick; simply trying it was a big challenge. In recent years in the orphanage school tricking her was proposed several times. Not to make any mischief, but only to try to overcome the challenge. In practice it turned out to be a great training, and a varied one since different skills had to be used: hiding, disguising, changing the voice, lying, simulating a problem or physical or mental harm, and so on.
So, the orphanage was even funny at times, and certainly very instructive. The hardest part of the orphanage was what wasn't in it. The difficulty for a child to have to grow and mature without the love of parents. But this was, in fact, what the orphans didn't talk much about. It was easier to speak well, or poorly, of the educators, Mother Superior or the food. Anything but face the bitter reality that they were alone in the world. Eventually, all orphans ended up having to deal with that reality. But usually this did not happen until the date of leaving the orphanage approached.
Erion felt the pain in his leg had diminished considerably. He could probably walk almost normally at dinnertime. Although it would have been preferable to rest for a couple of days for him to fully heal.
The almost total absence of pain allowed him to appreciate the scenery around him for the first time since the day before. Bor was a beautiful kingdom, as far as the landscape was concerned. Green grass fields stretched across most of the kingdom. The forests of various extensions were common in all the counties. There were many rivers and lakes, with clear and cool waters. The winters could be cold but, usually, the temperatures were reasonable most of the year. 
Erion remembered the spring from a few months ago. Maybe it was the most beautiful season in the landscapes of Bor. It was common that, after the rains early in the season, colorful flowers bloomed across the fields of the kingdom. Life woke up after the winter hibernation, and you could see all kinds of animals in the different territories. The hunt was good at this time of year.
A portion of those colors had faded or had switched to darker tones with the arrival of autumn. But you could still see abundant flowers in many fields. And the green of the grass was still alive, even though during that season it didn't rain much. It had started late and it was cold. The temperature was not pleasant but bearable. 
The afternoon passed quietly, without incident. Almost without realizing it, they were nearing the end of their journey.
“I think this is the crossroads that the instructions indicated,” Erion said.
“I remember being here on other occasions, but always heading north or south to Deepcliff,” Mithir added.
This time they made their way to the west. By late afternoon they had reached the forest of their destination. Indeed, it was the only forest in the area and it did not seem very large. They entered it at nightfall, riding slowly, while paying much attention and looking for the camp. It took a while to find it, more than he would have liked; his leg was in need of rest. Finally, after a little less than an hour wandering through the woods, they saw a clearing below where someone had lit a fire and set up tents for the night; horses and some ammunition were visible. They walked into the clearing.

*******

Thost and his companions had made a fire at nightfall at the rendezvous. Usually the fire drove away the wild animals, and gave them a good view of the entire clearing. They also used it to roast dinner: a pair of rabbits Samar had hunted, as usual. 
Thost looked around. His son Ithelas and Samar were sitting around the fire. The camp consisted of four tents of various sizes, a few piles of wood already cut and prepared, a place for cutting logs, a small water hole, and little else. When they’d arrived, they inspected it thoroughly, but found virtually nothing beyond the described: neither valuable, nor worthless. 
A hawk descended at high speed over the clearing and, after hovering around, landed on his outstretched fist. He wore a leather glove on his left hand, which prevented the claws of the animal to harm him. It was Houraz, his favorite falcon. And at that moment, the only one. He remembered the times in his castle in Borydos where his lackeys helped him keep a dozen falconry birds of all kinds. He loved to spend evenings with the animals, training them and teaching them tricks, admiring their flight and their ability.
He had a great ability to understand birds. The key was to know when you had to give them room. Birds are animals who appreciate their freedom, above all. He could have given the hawk the remains of the rabbits for dinner. Houraz liked to peck around the bones to precisely remove small pieces of meat. However, when the right time came, just before sunset, he removed the cap that limited the hawk's vision and released it, pushing it skyward. The animal would seek its dinner on its own. And in the process would enjoy the flight and freedom. But a few hours later, he would return with his master: the man who had raised him with love and affection since he was little more than a chick.
When the magnificent animal was back, he stroked it a few times and put it on a stick with a tiny pedestal, which was stuck in the ground near one of the shops. Then he put his hood on again. He had chosen that tent to sleep, in the seemingly likely case that they would have to spend the night there. He didn't know what to expect, really, but he didn't think that the mystery client would ask them to leave that camp immediately after the conversation he hoped to have with him at midnight.
The letter he had received a day and a half ago was really intriguing. It also gave the impression of having been written by someone with education and money. This had been one of the key factors why he’d decided to accept the invitation; and also the mention of a good bag of gold after completing the request. Of course, not a word of what it was about. Anyway, in the worst-case scenario, if the job didn't seem reasonable, they could go the way they had come, without losing much: only some time. But the only thing he had in abundance was time, now that he didn't have the responsibilities of running a county.
They still had to wait two hours until midnight. Although the client may arrive earlier. Midnight was a most unusual time for an appointment like this, especially in such a remote place.
Finally, two riders came into the clearing. Thost looked at them carefully. They were two young men in their twenties. The one marching first was dressed in dark brown leather armor, tight dark green pants and high riding boots. The clothes were of good quality and denoted a lot of use. The young man was bareheaded and watched them intently as he approached them. He seemed slightly annoyed.
The one behind him looked to be somewhat younger. He was dressed in traveling clothes, and was very thin. He seemed to be a weak young man, without strength. However, his face was very serious and showed character. Thost had always been good at reading people. It was a skill needed to direct a court. All kinds of charlatans came almost daily to provide a product or miraculous solution to his problems. It was important to identify them quickly so as not to waste time, nor the valuable resources of the County, with them.
The riders got down from their horses.

*******

Erion wondered who these people were. He could not see his client anywhere, and there seemed to be no one else in the camp. Observing the man, the boy and the elf, he could not help think that he was in front of a group of competitor adventurers. Was this some kind of test? Would they have to overcome the other group somehow in order to win the contract? His client had never submitted them to a situation of that kind. Although he did remember one occasion where a different contractor had summoned several groups in an abandoned quarry to fight, and decide who would be his “service” provider. Mithir and he had abandoned the quarry when they realized what was happening. He hoped this was not a similar situation. The elf who they were waiting for was, at present, the one who gave them the best commissions.
Suddenly, before they could start any conversation, the elf took the bow from her back and put it together in the fastest movement he could ever remember seeing from an archer. However, the girl wasn't aiming at them but at the other end of the clearing. 
“Take cover!” the elf cried as she fired.
The arrow crossed the hundred steps that separated them from the end of the clearing in less than a sigh. All heads turned in that direction and then they saw ... the horror. A huge spider ran towards them at high speed. Also considering the length and bulk of its legs, the terrible creature was the size of a small horse. It was completely black, hairy. Its head was covered with a thousand eyes and two powerful jaws that folded and stretched endlessly. Its fangs pointed down, ready to inject venom. Even at this distance they could perceive its foul odor.
The arrow stuck right in the monster's head. But the spider did not stop. It advanced towards them at breakneck speed. In these frantic moments a lot of things happened at once. The man who looked like a knight, who apparently was the leader of another group, ran a few steps back toward the camp tents. There was a falconry hawk there and he removed its cap. The animal flew immediately. The knight picked up a long sword that was in a rack next to the tents, with other weapons and equipment.
Erion and Mithir's horses considerably reared in the presence of the creature; they turned and trotted into the woods, the same way they had come. Mithir reached for his small brown leather bag and after taking a few reagents, invoked again the spell of the spheres, which they’d used against the wolves that very morning. It was a spell called magic missile, as he once had explained to his brother. The magic missiles always reached their target, although they weren't extremely powerful. Again, the four orange spheres rapidly crossed the clearing in strange trajectories and hit the monster in the head. The spider paused just a moment, and then continued the race to them.
Erion was lucky to have been able to get his crossbow that was hanging from the saddle just before his horse fled. As he turned to his horse, he felt a chill even greater than when he saw the spider appearing on the north side of the clearing. Two other monstrous spiders were approaching from the southeast. They were very similar to the first, equally terrible and disgusting, although one was a little larger than the other.
While this was happening, the elf armed her bow and fired again at the first spider, striking it again in the head. Erion saw how she’d tightened her bow to the maximum. That girl had an amazing hand. The spider fell this time, apparently dead. Erion pitched his crossbow and shot one of the spiders that had entered from the southeast. The arrow hit its shell. But it was so hard that it bounced out without digging or causing significant damage.
The young man from the other group began to sing a song. It was similar to some he had heard as a child in the temple. After a moment, a strange circle of about ten steps across appeared on the ground around the young man. The circle was formed with a strange yellow light, like if thousands of tiny fireflies had been perched on the grass in a perfect geometry. 
“Come in!” he cried watching them very seriously.
Mithir ran and with five or six strides entered the circle with Erion after him.
It was then when they saw the hawk again, which swooped down on one of the spiders, digging its claws into its eyes and taking flight again. The spider just paused, looked up and resumed its pace. The elf, who took less time to fix her bow than the time it took Erion to yell Kingdom of Bor, shot and hit one of the spiders, again in the head. A green viscous liquid poured from the wound caused by the arrow, but this did not make it stop.
Mithir began performing another spell. It was a new spell that he had recently learned. He had not yet mastered it and had already had a couple of accidents with it. But the magician knew it was time to take some risks. A yellow and deep red ball, from which small flares flowed, was ejected at high speed and exploded violently upon reaching the spiders. A large black circle was drawn on the ground, completely burning the grass in that area. Both monsters shouted with a horrible, disturbing screech. One of them sprouted some small flames for a moment. The stench of the beasts now mingled in the air with a terrible plague of decay. But both spiders continued. The one wounded by the arrow seemed to move a little slower, however. 
Erion fired his crossbow again and this time hit the wounded monster in its head. The creature stopped and, after a while, fell dead. The knight and the young man moved, brandishing their weapons, a long sword and mace respectively, and placed themselves at the end of the circle waiting for the arrival of the spider that remained. It was only a few steps away from the group and seemed ready to avenge its comrades. It was the biggest spider.
The prodigious archer armed her bow again but before she could fire, something happened that Erion didn't expect. The spider bent its abdomen slightly at an odd angle, orienting it to the group and a strange white substance was thrown at them. The substance exploded, forming a million thin white threads, completely covering the elf and Mithir. It was like a giant spider web. None of them could move. The spider had also caught the young man. One of his legs had been almost completely covered by those infernal threads. It seemed he could move the rest of his body, and even use his mace, but he couldn't move. He hit the web with his mace, but the threads seemed tough and also had some elasticity. After a couple of attempts, he failed to break free.
Erion drew his short sword and headed for the young man. The edge of the blade could maybe do a better job against that spider web. He thought a moment about Mithir, but he and the elf were so thickly covered by that swarm of threads, that it was obvious it would take a while to free them. It seemed more effective to help the young man. As he walked toward him, sword drawn, the knight seemed to understand his intentions because he nodded gratefully as he raised his long sword. Then he lunged against the monster, leaving the protection of the circle and, a moment later, he dealt a powerful blow, breaking one of its huge paws. The spider started limping, but still moving briskly on its remaining seven legs. 
Erion slammed the threads that held the young man's leg. In the first attempt, he just ripped a few. He kept hitting as hard as he could and repeatedly, and very slowly, the filaments began to ease. He bent to continue cutting the filaments that now covered only the young man's knee. It was then that he experienced a new and unpleasant surprise. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his back. A fourth spider had crept through the tents and approached him. It had entered the clearing through the back of the camp, and with so much confusion, no one had seen it. 
The poison flowed quickly from the fangs of the spider, and Erion fell to the ground. His face felt cold and pale. He did not lose consciousness, but he couldn't move a muscle. The monster walked without stepping on him, and moved towards the young man, who at that time only had a foot immobilized. Erion could closely see the horrible creature. The stench it gave off was hard to describe. If he hadn't been paralyzed, he would have probably vomited with nausea. The shell hairs seemed more horrible at that distance. And its head, with thousands of eyes, fangs still dripping poison and its jaws moving incessantly ... If he survived, he didn't think he could see a spider in the same way again. The arachnid hit the boy a few times with one leg, who could not keep his balance and fell. Erion felt tremendously frustrated to see the entire scene and not be able to do anything. 
Meanwhile, the knight kept fighting the other spider. The monster hit him with its legs and he nearly fell. But after, he launched a powerful strike, breaking another of the spider's front legs. Although the creature was still moving deftly over its six legs, its head was far more exposed. It was easier to approach it. The knight knew what he was doing. 
After his last stroke, the knight had let his guard down slightly and the spider, enraged, stepped towards him, lifting its fangs. But before it could reach him, the man raised his sword again in a lightning movement and nailed it between the jaws. The spider moved with spasms, furious, while the knight roared with the effort of trying to hold on to his weapon. He stopped for a moment, regained his strength and then dug the sword even deeper, through the monster's head, which finally fell lifeless.
The last spider pounced on the fallen young man. And when it seemed that everything was going to end, the young man began to sing another song. The spider's legs furiously went down upon him, but an invisible force prevented them from touching him, by barely a few fingers. The young man continued to sing, very concentrated. His eyes were closed and apparently he couldn't do anything else. Erion understood that this was some sort of spell but of a different nature than Mithir's. The boy had to be a cleric. The yellow circle, which had already vanished, had to have been another of his spells: probably a protective magic. 
While the spider, who did not understand what was happening, was trying to hit the cleric, the knight came from behind and, after picking up the mace that had been dropped on the ground, hit the monster in one of its fangs. The impact was so strong that the tusk broke and the poison jet fell everywhere on the ground. The monster turned and retreated. Spiders ran faster than men, and the knight knew he could not reach it. He picked up the crossbow that was close to Erion, cocked it and shot the animal, which had almost reached the edge of the clearing. The shot missed, and the spider got lost in the woods.
“Ithelas, I think it is over,” Erion heard the knight saying. “Check the young man, while I try to free Samar and the other young one.”
Ithelas stopped his song, stood up, took a backpack that was in the camp and went to Erion. He pulled a small package from his bag and took some herbs, which he placed in Erion’s mouth while singing a concentrated whisper.
At the same time, the knight picked up an ax that was in the gun rack and began launching powerful strikes against the web. Erion saw that the knight managed to cut the threads much faster than him. But even at that rate, it would take an hour. 
After a minute, Ithelas stopped his murmuring. Erion was beginning to feel somewhat better, but he still couldn't move. That's when he saw Mithir's gestures.
“Fire! Apply fire on the spider web!” the young man begged.
Although Mithir was completely immobilized, the knight had cut the threads enough so Mithir could move his head and hands again. Erion reproduced his words with great effort.
“But they will get burnt!” the knight replied.
“This spider web will burn very quickly. It is quite flammable. We may get burnt a little, but nothing major. No severe burns,” Mithir clarified.
The man looked at the elf, and then at Mithir, hesitating, not knowing what to do.
“Trust me. I know what I'm doing,” the magician said with his gestures.
The knight took one of the burning logs from the campfire by one of its ends, being careful not to burn himself, and ignited one of the web's corners. The threads began to burn rapidly, and within seconds, the fire spread throughout the web. In an instant, the filaments were consumed, freeing Mithir and the elf. Mithir's shirt caught fire by a sleeve, but with a few quick blows, the magician managed to extinguish the small fire. 
Erion began to feel his toes again. He felt he could move them, but the rest of his body was as stiff as a board. The others approached him and raised him to bring him close to the fire. Ithelas gave him a strange brew to drink. Erion felt comforting warmth. Just a few minutes later he had recovered his mobility, but he still felt dizzy and had a terrible headache.
Mithir fetched the horses, which hadn't gone far. Samar accompanied him. In the next moment, they all briefly described who they were, but nothing too deep: their names, where they lived, what they did and how they got there. Erion obviously didn't detail part of his occupations. He explained that he was a merchant who occasionally accepted jobs to earn extra gold, and that his brother helped him and always went with him.
A lone figure stepped into the clearing. Samar, Ithelas and Thost immediately got up, taking their weapons. Erion also got up and raised his hand. 
“There's no danger,” he told them.
The figure was an elf, totally dressed in black. His dark skin, and the fact that there was not plenty of light in the sky that night, made it hard to distinguish his features. But Erion knew who he was. When he arrived at the fire, where they were, everyone could see his face and his disturbing red eyes. He was a dark elf.
“Who are you?” Thost asked.
“His name is Phoroz, and it is he who seems to have brought us all here tonight,” Erion clarified.
“True,” the elf confirmed. “I see you've finished off my welcoming committee without major consequences.”
That completely surprised Erion. Although this character was gloomy, he had never played them a trick like that. Although, on second thought, he hadn't had many opportunities to do so. This was the third time they saw him. 
Phoroz's surprising statement infuriated Thost and Samar. Thost lowered his weapon when Erion asked him to, but did not release its handle at any time. It was obvious he did not trust that character. Thost took two steps forward, standing just a few fingers away from the dark elf.
“What do you propose? Speak!” the knight demanded.
“What I have already told you all. I have an assignment for you. The reward is excellent. I have to warn you that it is a dangerous mission and therefore I have summoned you all. Separately, either group wouldn't stand a chance on a mission like this.”
“What is it exactly?” Erion asked, angrily. “But before, speak. Why this trap? Those monsters could have killed us!”
“I had to make sure that this group was equal to the mission. This is an important order that my master has made,” the elf explained.
That infuriated the group even more. Erion certainly was not satisfied with the explanation.
“And who is your master?” Samar asked.
“That does not concern you,” Phoroz said.
“I remember that at our first meeting, you mentioned that you lived in Deepcliff. Your master is probably a figure of the court or any of the rich based in the capital,” Mithir explained by gestures.
Before he could reproduce his words, Erion had yet another surprise. Phoroz began speaking with sign language, which almost no one knew, and told Mithir he had a very good memory, that he did not expect him to remember that, that he shouldn't have said it anyway, and that he was smart. But that if he repeated it again to anyone, including the rest of that group, he would cut his throat. Then he looked intently at Erion, to make him understand that this was also meant for him.
“In a remote place, to which you will arrive by means that I will provide, there is a castle. In it dwells a powerful undead creature, a vampire,” Phoroz continued.
Erion could see fear etched on the faces of all those present. Everyone had heard stories of vampires since childhood. They’d said these creatures had become a terrible plague in the Duchies Carition long ago. Now it seemed that the number of attacks had reduced, but they kept happening without anyone being able to do anything about them.
“The castle holds an important treasure that the vampire has accumulated over centuries. You could keep everything you find there; everything except the object of our mission. Someplace in the building, he keeps a silver box that has an elaborate design of a hill on its cover and a shield with a dragon on its sides.”
Phoroz paused and looked at the group. 
“You must bring that box to me, intact. You must not open it, although you probably won't be able to, anyways.”
“You talked about an important reward,” Thost said.
“True. Each one of you will receive two hundred platinum coins, half of them now, and the other half when you deliver the box,” the elf explained while he handed Thost a bag.
“It's quite a sum; it must be a really dangerous mission,” Mithir reasoned through gestures, while Erion reproduced his words.
“It is. In addition to that reward, as I said before, you can keep whatever you find. But I warn you that, maybe, the smartest thing would be to get the box as quietly as possible and get out of there, leaving everything and everyone behind.”
“What do you mean?” Erion asked.
“The reward is one thousand platinum coins to be shared amongst those who return. Anyways, if the vampire manages to catch one of you, the best thing you can do is run.” 
Ithelas snorted, uncomfortable.
“The castle is in a remote place and thus hard to reach. Also, it is a very well-protected space. There is a path, through a cave, that will take you to the valley where the castle stands. You must have hiking gear. This map describes the valley and where you can find the entrance to the cave,” he explained, as he handed them a large parchment. 
Phoroz then stepped closer to Mithir and kept talking. 
“The castle is located in a remote country. You have to quickly prepare for the mission, and then travel there through a portal that will take you to the aforementioned place,” Phoroz explained, as he handed two other small scrolls to Mithir.
The group looked at the dark elf with a mixture of distrust, interest in the mission and fear of the dangers that would follow. Mithir was shocked. Only a very powerful spell could open a portal that could transport adventurers such a huge distance. Probably very few magicians in the World of Oris could do such a thing. The scrolls he held in his hand were probably very hard to find and extremely expensive.
“The second scroll opens another portal that will bring you back with the box. Don't try to come back without it. I ordered the scroll so the magic won’t open the portal if you don't have the box with you. Any questions?” Phoroz asked. 
That was a lot of information to process. But before anyone tried to say anything, Phoroz nodded, turned around and left. Before disappearing through the forest, the dark elf turned towards them one last time.
“I have forgotten a small detail. If you manage to get the box before midnight, four days from now, there will be five hundred more platinum coins waiting for you,” he explained, before completely disappearing. 
Everyone in the group was tired. It had been a long, hard and very interesting day. They took shifts to keep watch during the night and went to rest in the camp tents. 
Tomorrow is another day, Erion thought.


CHAPTER 9: THE ROYAL PALACE


Zyrhaz sat in the great parlor of the Industrial Association of Bor and waited impatiently. The IAB was one of the most powerful institutions of the country, and grouped a significant part of the private businesses: of course the large ones, but also the small ones that had been coordinated in cooperatives or associations. Also, a myriad of artisans and small independent businessmen existed and functioned on their own. They were too small for them to be integrated into the Association, but nothing was lost by not doing so because these independent entrepreneurs had little power or influence.
The carriage should have arrived already. It was very important to get to the palace early and secure a privileged place at the King's table. Especially considering he had paid a small fortune to a secretary of the King to enjoy that privilege. A butler approached him and confirmed that the carriage was at the door. He practically jumped up and crossed the huge and luxurious living space. He left the Association building and climbed into the carriage. 
He had always liked that building. It was one of many that the Association had throughout the kingdom, but this one was special. To begin with, it was the headquarters and, therefore, the place where important meetings were held. It was also the first that the Association had purchased, a singularly beautiful classical building located in the best area of ​​the capital, near the Royal Palace. It had excellent service which included rooms for the major entrepreneurs who may be visiting the capital, a high-class restaurant where you could arrange business lunches and large salons available if you wanted to organize any meeting. In theory, only the members of the Association had access to the building, but they could invite others to their discussions or deals. It was one of the most exclusive places in the capital.
But none compared to the Royal Palace, to where he was now headed. In Bor, the Crown held very considerable power. And most of the decisions that the Crown controlled were decided within those walls. The King was holding a complimentary lunch today for a diplomatic delegation of Darphem, the kingdom of the dwarves. The exchanges between the two kingdoms, both politically and commercially, were very limited. Some members of the Court, as well as in other nearby circles, aspired to improve relations. 
Zyrhaz had been lucky to have been able to get a chair at that lunch. Actually, neither he nor the Association had any special interest in the dwarves, but the Association urgently needed to access the King and participating in this meal was the only way he found to gain a foothold for his intended agenda. Normally you needed to notify the royal secretaries over a month in advance and you also had to have, obviously, something of importance to discuss with the King. This time, he had only a few days to spare, so his very presence at the meal, and at the same royal table, could be considered a great success.
Zyrhaz was restless. The anonymous letter to the President of the Association, which they had received that same weekend, had caused quite a stir. The informant explained to them that the Chamber would have a meeting with the King the following week with a single item on the agenda: the deregulation of the quarry and stone sector. The objective of this measure was to significantly increase the competition in the sector. In the Kingdom of Bor, the Central Chamber of Commerce managed and controlled most of the trade, which was led by the sixteen most wealthy and influential merchants.
At first they had their doubts about the letter, but the author gave some very specific information about the Chamber and the Association itself, which proved he was very knowledgeable. So they concluded that they should assume the worst and think that everything that was being said was true. The nervousness increased when the next day, they were able to verify that the meeting of the Chamber was indeed on the King's agenda. It was then when the President of the Association called him into his office and explained what was happening. 
He had a mission: to find a way to meet up with the King before the reunion with the Chamber and make an attractive-enough proposal so that the merchant's encounter wouldn't be held. Some members of the Association participated in this process, especially Pieter Mason. His family owned the largest stone company in the country, which had numerous quarries in various counties and controlled most of the business. Mason led the company with skill and a steady hand. His family had strong ties with the conservative wing of the Chamber and, through them, found out that traders had decided to take this step, despite the opposition of their allies. Pieter Mason sent an urgent email from Kiyats to the President of the Association, which proved to be the final confirmation. The mail had arrived that morning. If they had not previously received the anonymous tip, they wouldn't have had time to react.
The meeting with the Chamber was scheduled for that afternoon, so he'd only have one chance. Luckily, Zyrhaz was a close friend to one of the King's sons and knew that, at least, this one would listen to him. The carriage stopped. They had reached the main courtyard of the Palace.

*******

Devgon waited in the lobby of the Royal Office. He was accompanied by two people: a senior official of the Chamber called Pargepulax and Nelm, his faithful assistant. Their audience with the King should have already begun, although delays were common when you were going to see the King, so he tried not to worry. 
As a full member of the Chamber, he had received the important assignment of negotiating a legislative change with the King that would introduce increased competition in a strategic sector, as was the stone sector. This would mean the need for new trade routes in all counties, and to create many new business opportunities for the traders. Devgon was also the spokesman of the progressive sector of the Chamber, led by Les Geswek. 
The progressive sector had proposed to boost many changes that would promote the traditional status quo against the immobility of the current conservative who led the legendary Lady Godiva. For example, they were in favor of aborting the trade agreements with the Duchies, and thus take control of the International Trade, where all the wholesale trade was done with the other countries. They also advocated the construction of new roads that would reduce transport time, even when they had to go through natural areas that remained unchanged today.
“Sir, do you want to review the documentation, while we wait?” Nelm said, always attentive and helpful.
“No, thanks, Nelm. I went over it again this morning and it's very fresh in my mind,” Devgon said.
Nelm was an old man, but he retained much of his strength. He was extraordinarily clever and had a lot of experience. Devgon had wondered more than once how it was that Nelm hadn't gone much further in life. He did not feel better prepared than Nelm. And, of course, he often saw other people in various positions of responsibility who were less able or smart than his assistant. The positive side of all of this was to have the help of someone so capable. Perhaps what took away from his potential were his humility and, above all, his kindness. You couldn't get very far in this world of sharks that Devgon moved through being a humble and good-natured person.
Nelm's past was a mystery. Devgon knew he hadn't been born in Bor ... and little else. His appearance betrayed a kind of classic elegance. He dressed well but always in a very sober way, without stridency. One of the best tailors in Deepcliff probably gave him his clothes because they always looked impeccable. The only odd note of his appearance was a tattoo on his left forearm, a dragon or something, which was always hidden under his clothes. Devgon had asked him once about it but hadn't received any information. “It was long ago” was all he got out of him. Nelm may come from a family of sailors or maybe had worked in that sector when he was young. Tattoos were also common in the Kingdom of Bor among people of the entertainment business, but Devgon couldn't even imagine that Nelm had something to do with that world.
“Come in now,” a man said, walking out of the Real Office's door.
“My name is Buldamus and I am the Chief Secretary of His Majesty. I think we've already met,” the man said, shaking hands with Devgon.
Indeed, Devgon had seen the man at other times at royal receptions or in other meetings with the King. Although, really, they had barely spoken.
“True. Let me introduce my companions. This is Pargepulax, who works with us in the Chamber and this is Nelm, my personal assistant.”
“Glad to meet you,” the man said, going into the room, without even looking at the others.
They all went into the room after the secretary and sat at a large table, following his instructions. Some lackeys immediately offered them refined drinks.
“Regrettably, His Majesty will not be able to meet you today. He is dealing with other pressing matters. Certainly attending the many responsibilities he has as a King. But don't worry; His Majesty has delegated to me the discussion you wish to have,” Buldamus said.
That proved most suspicious to Devgon. They had set that appointment with a month's notice and had stressed the need for it to be directly with the King. In addition, Devgon was one of the Sixteen, a member of the Chamber, not a single third class officer. This was outrageous.
“Sir, please, drink some water now. I think you were quite thirsty while we were waiting in the anteroom,” Nelm said, giving him a drink.
Devgon took the glass and drank. Nelm had understood that the Secretary's announcement had him twitching and was giving him an excuse, even forcing him, to pause before answering. This way, he could avoid saying something in the heat of the moment that he would later regret.
“It's certainly a disappointment. I hope the King is well,” Devgon said, diplomatically.
“Oh, yes. The King is perfectly well. I'll tell him you send your greetings, of course,” said the Secretary. “And so? What is this about?” he added.
Then the three visitors struggled to detail as best as they could, and like they had rehearsed, the details of the proposal and the benefits it would bring to the kingdom, while downplaying the potential impact that change might have, and how they could mitigate the negative effects thereof. Devgon recited his part with professionalism but sounded resigned. He knew that the meeting wasn't going anywhere.
When they finished, the Secretary asked a couple of questions and then argued that it was an important change, that it wasn't the time to make changes like that in the kingdom but that he would present the case to the King for his consideration anyway. Everyone nodded and thanked his attention. The Secretary promised to call them again if the King had interest in the matter, but then made them understand that it was unlikely at this time.
While they were dismissed and escorted to the door, Devgon wondered what had gone wrong. They had kept the initiative a total secret. Only key members of the progressive sector knew about it. They had prepared the meeting with the King in advance, without specifying the object thereof. They knew that much of the conservative sector of the Chamber would object. That's why they had included the vote on this initiative on the agenda of the previous evening. This made it almost impossible for anyone to have time to access the King and disrupt his plans. But somehow, this was exactly what had happened.

*******

Vargarr waited in the lobby of the Royal Office. The Major of the Royal Army of Central Bor County hoped to meet with the King this afternoon. One of his contacts in the Court would seek to facilitate a brief “aisle” encounter, although the success of the attempt wasn't guaranteed. If this didn't work, Vargarr had to try again days later. In the weekdays it was more difficult for him to access the monarch because of the enormous pilgrimage of interests parading by the Court seeking the royal attention.
Vargarr knew the King personally from the time when they both attended the Military Academy. The King was a senior officer in training when he was just a newcomer cadet. The then Prince had made serious attempts to avoid any privilege in the years at the Academy. First of all, his father, at that time the King, had given him specific instructions in this regard. Secondly, he understood that he could only get a true formation if they treated him like everyone else. Still, this goal wasn't achieved on all occasions. 
Chance determined that a camaraderie formed among them, that almost reached the level of friendship, and that was only interrupted when the Prince finished his training and was sent abroad to learn diplomacy and other things during the following years. Vargarr didn't see him again until, years later, he was promoted to Major of Central Bor and began to have access to the Royal Palace and some of the circles where the King moved.
The door opened, and three men came out of it. One of them was Devgon, whom he saluted in passing without stopping. There was no problem that people knew they knew each other because, in any case, they had met in public places on several occasions. But it was best that no one perceive how close they were, especially at this time when important plans were underway.
“Come in, Vargarr. Nice to see you again,” the Secretary said while patting him on the back.
Vargarr entered and the Secretary closed the door. They chatted for a while and then the officer took him to a gallery of the palace that was close to the gardens. Vargarr was to wait there. The King would pass through there between two of his meetings and the Secretary had told him to stop for a few minutes to talk to him, if his schedule permitted it. They waited.
A while later, the royal party made its appearance in the gallery. Among attendants, butlers, secretaries and a couple of sycophants, about a dozen people were surrounding the King. When the King finally reached the place where Vargarr was waiting, he greeted him warmly. Then, with a gesture, the King told his party to leave them alone and they left and waited at one end of the gallery while Vargarr and the King sat right there and talked.
“What brings you here, dear friend?” the King said.
“You are always very kind to me, Your Majesty. Thank you very much,” the Major said.
“Oh, let's cut the formalities, shall we? I don't have much time, I'm afraid,” the monarch said.
“Sure. I'll cut to the chase. We want to make some military maneuvers in the Mositus Mark. Besides the troops of the mark, some detachments from Bor County will participate,” Vargarr explained.
“I understand. And you come to me because General Bellish doesn't approve,” the King said.
“We really haven't requested permission yet because we already know the answer. He always opposes these things. I fear that this leaves the Army unprepared to respond to a possible invasion. That's why we want to do it. They're just a few practices. They don't hurt anyone,” the Major argued.
“Bellish always says that we could provoke the orcs in the process,” the King said.
“The orcs don't need to be provoked. I say that sooner or later we will face them, and my responsibility is to make sure we're ready. Also, I give you my personal guarantee that at any moment, not a single soldier of the maneuvers will approach within three leagues of the border,” Vargarr said.
“I understand. Okay, you have my approval. One of my secretaries will give you a certificate to present to Bellish. To calm the old man, we'll include in the certificate what you mentioned about the minimum distance to the border. You are responsible for it,” the King concluded.
After making a gesture to one of his secretaries, and giving them brief instructions, he said goodbye to Vargarr and continued his way through the Palace, surrounded again by this numerous party.


CHAPTER 10: TRUTHS AND SECRETS


The next morning was chilly. Cold dew covered most of the grass. The breathing of the horses could be seen clearly in the air. One by one they all approached the fire, which had remained overnight, to feel some heat. Ithelas was preparing a soup with some herbs for breakfast. The taste of it was better than Erion expected and he especially appreciated that it was quite hot. This comforted him.
“How do you feel?” Ithelas asked as he offered him a second pot of soup.
“I feel good. Sleeping helped, I guess,” Erion said as he brought his bowl so Ithelas could serve him again.
“I'm glad. It was lucky that we could treat you almost immediately after that monster bite,” Ithelas reasoned.
“Yes. By the way, I haven't thanked you. What was this concoction you gave me? I think that was what really made me feel better,” Erion inquired.
“It was a neutralizer. It stops the spreading of the venom through the nervous system and helps the body expel it through its pores. I prepare it myself with three herbs,” Ithelas explained.
He was starting to like the young man. He seemed very friendly and helpful. Maybe it was a true vocation. Most of the people who became clerics sought the protection of an order to be able to make a living and secure a job for their entire life. Others chose that path because of vagrancy. In some orders, you could find work as a pastor in a church, where normally there was little to do. But few, perhaps a minority, had true vocation to the service of the community and of course, to their god.
“Before starting this mission we must clarify some things,” Thost remarked, catching everyone's attention.
The man knew how to talk. He was obviously used to it. 
“We haven't come here to form a single group by choice. Somehow, it has been literally imposed on us, and I want to know if anyone has a problem with all of us working together,” the knight queried.
Thost paused and looked at everyone present. Samar started speaking.
“It sounds like a dangerous mission and I agree that if we work together, we will have a better chance. But I think we should set some rules first. I trust my life to Thost or Ithelas at any time. But I just met you,” the elf explained.
“I think we'll make a good group together. Think of the spiders. I think we wouldn't have survived without your help. And surely you wouldn't have as well. I'm glad to be working together on this,” Ithelas reasoned.
Now it was Erion and Mithir's turn. The young magician spoke next. As usual Erion reproduced his brother's comments with his voice.
“Everyone in this group has different skills. Our client certainly had this in mind when he chose us. The reward indicates that the mission is very important to him and, therefore, he has inconvenienced himself to create this group,” Mithir described. “I have been thinking about the spiders. I think they served an additional purpose, other than testing us as a group.”
“And what would that be?” Thost said.
“As Ithelas said, we could only survive an encounter like that fighting side by side. That forced us to start working together even before we knew each other's names. A bond of cooperation formed between us, although at this stage it is still very fragile. A single episode of intrigues and lies between us, just one misunderstanding, and this confidence is fully dissipated and the mission, and the group itself, will be in serious danger.”
“The magician is right. We must learn to trust each other if we are to succeed. It is very important to be honest, especially in everything related to this mission. I think we should explain exactly what it is we want, what we want to accomplish,” Ithelas explained.
After looking at each other for a moment, Ithelas decided to break the ice.
“I'm seeking two things. The first, and most important thing, is to help and support my father. The second is that, with my reward, I can make a contribution to my order. The finances haven’t been well lately, and that severely limits how and when we can help the community,” Ithelas stated sincerely.
Erion decided to take the floor. So far, he had only talked to serve as a spokesman for Mithir.
“Even though I don't disregard a good adventure, the real goal for me is the money. I would like to be rich someday. This is difficult to achieve just by working as a merchant, so that's why my brother and I accept occasional jobs.” 
Erion paused and looked at the rest of the group before continuing.
“I have a second objective, which I've been going through in my head. I didn't like the ambush that Phoroz sent us at all. But, without going into what his motives were, I have to assess that in the two years that we have been doing errands for him, this is the first time that something like this has happened. I think that it was an exception that won't happen again. Assuming this hypothesis, I will comment that Phoroz has been a good customer so far. He always pays on time and the rewards are reasonable and proportional to the extent of the work. I would, in principle, like him to be happy with our work and continue receiving large jobs in the future,” Erion expounded, telling them only a part of their true motives.
“The reward is definitely a good one,” Samar said, after a moment of indecision. “But what interests me is the adventure itself. Although it's not part of the job, I would love the opportunity to kill a vampire. Those creatures are a terrible plague. My people fought them for centuries in the Second Age. Now it seems like a nightmare of the past because there hasn’t been any news of their presence in Ellis for a long time; at least since my birth. This may be one of the few occasions where I'll have a rival up to par with my archery.”
“One of the first things we have to do is inform ourselves and learn everything we can about vampires,” said Mithir. “To my knowledge, an arrow won't do any harm. There are only two or three ways to kill a vampire. I read something somewhere, but I can't remember the details. Moreover, I think that while it is important that we have a plan prepared, the best and most prudent thing would be to follow Phoroz's advice and try to avoid an encounter with the monster.”
“Well, it seems that there is a slight difference of opinion on what to do with the vampire. Let's do this. Let's follow the young magician's advice and collect as much information as we can about these monsters, while we prepare for the mission. Once we have all the details we can gather, and before leaving for our destination, we can sit again and agree on strategies and objectives. It is important that we agree and act together, if we want to survive,” Thost argued, and after a pause asked, “Do we all agree?”
Everyone agreed to postpone the decision, hoping to gather more information. Mithir spoke again.
“Regarding to what I want, I'd say three things. The first is to help my brother. The second is the reward in itself. Some of the things I like are very expensive: magical reagents, books of sorcery, wands and other artifacts. I would also like to have my own lab someday. All of this can cost a fortune. A reward like this doesn't even give me enough to start. But I'm young and I have time,” explained the magician.
“You said you were seeking three things,” said Thost.
“True. The third, and most important thing, is knowledge. If we survive an adventure like this, we will probably know a lot more things. How many people know in detail the strengths and weaknesses of a vampire? How many people have visited one of their lairs? Some people can earn a living simply by sharing their knowledge and without running any risks. This is perhaps what attracts me the most to this mission. It is completely different from anything we have done so far and, therefore, the best learning opportunity,” reasoned Mithir.
The young wizard had told the truth, but had followed the current marked by his brother and avoided certain details not incumbent to this new group. Now it was Thost's turn.
“What I desire the most is to have a name. Yes, that's right. This is something only reserved for the nobles, and I'm not one of them. But there have been cases of very rich men that eventually gained influence and received the right to have a name on direct orders of the King. That would be my life's ambition. For this I must amass a fortune, and I don't see how I could accomplish such a thing without a successful life of adventure, finding many treasures,” resolved Thost sincerely, but without giving more details of his history.
While they chatted, they finished their breakfast. The horses were a little anxious, probably because of the cold. It wasn't very comfortable to be outdoors with those temperatures.
“In short, I think our motives are slightly different but, in general, not incompatible. We all want the gold, but we want to do different things with it. And of course, we all want to return alive,” resumed the knight.
“Obviously, we have to discuss further details, like who will carry the box once we find it,” said Erion.
“It's true. What do you think if we tend to those details just before leaving? I think it could be a contentious issue at this time,” Thost argued.
“Okay but, as you say, we must resolve all these things before opening the portal,” Erion said.
“There is one last point I would like to make clear at this time,” Thost said, taking a very serious pause.
An immediate silence descended on the group.
“Although we discuss and agree to all the decisions as much as possible in our group, there are many times when criteria must rule for the group to stay aligned and keep working together. On those occasions, I make the decisions, and Samar and my son Ithelas agree,” Thost explained.
“I see, and you want this to also apply to us,” said Erion suspiciously.
“No. Not now, at least. But a group can't survive long without leadership. For now I just want you to know how things work in our group. Regarding this mission, if we all agree on all the details before our departure, it should be enough,” reasoned Thost.
Erion nodded. And he stood up in order to start collecting things.
“One moment, we haven't agreed on how and where we'll prepare. Here's what I suggest. Let's head to Ekunon once we have collected our things. It's a big city and we should find everything we need there. And it's just a little further than Deepcliff.”
“Then why not go to the capital?” Mithir asked.
“I have an old mansion on the outskirts of Ekunon. We could spend the night there, but we'll have to travel all day. Tomorrow we could go to the city to equip and then practice together and make plans before our departure. You are welcome in my house,” Thost explained.
Erion and Mithir nodded. The group gathered their gear and loaded the horses. They extinguished the fire and then departed from the strange place. Shortly after going into the forest, they stopped noticing the stench of the dead spiders, which they had practically gotten used to.

*******

The five members of the newly formed group had good, tough and strong horses. They all were used to traveling long distances and were very accustomed to their masters. Horses were the fundamental mode of transport in Bor and in much of the world of Oris. 
The group rode tirelessly throughout the day. From their talk at breakfast, shortly after dawn until late afternoon, the trip passed without relevant events. They stopped a couple of times when they passed near a stream so the horses could drink and take a short break. They also took advantage of these stops to eat something, and talk.
It was obvious that much was needed for a true bond of trust between them to be established, but you could say that, for the moment, they were getting along reasonably well. The most friendly and open of them all was Ithelas. The young man seemed to consider that the other human beings were, by default, good people that he could trust. Some might think that this was due to his youth, and not having many opportunities to find twisted or malicious people, but the reality is that it was more a matter of his own character.
Samar was perhaps the quietest of the whole group. As an elf, she had a slightly different perspective on things. Worldly matters were secondary to her. She possessed the calmness and the temper that gave wisdom and experience to those of her race. It was predictable that she would take longer than the others to fully trust the new members. But on the other hand, she seemed to have started well with them. Erion made some compliments to Samar's skills as an archer and asked her to teach him some tricks to better maneuver his crossbow. She did not flinch at the compliments but responded positively to his request for help.
Mithir was obviously very limited in his communication with the others. He spoke mainly with his brother and, occasionally, with the rest of the group through Erion. Despite his language barriers, Mithir was beginning to establish a stronger link with Ithelas. The two of them had a lively interest in magic, but came to it by completely different paths. Both of them felt attracted by knowledge and loved antique books, although usually on different topics. With Erion's help, Mithir began teaching some basic gestures of sign language and, almost inadvertently, communication began between them. Later in the day Ithelas, who had an excellent memory, had learned more than forty words.
Thost made an effort to provide the same level of attention to the new group as he did to his normal one: even a little more so. Again and again, almost without meaning to, he set directions, established criteria, defined minor rules and routines that the others would accept in quite a natural way. Thost always asked for the opinion of the others, but then, pretty quickly, he managed to establish a criterion which usually seemed the wisest. Erion and Mithir confirmed quickly what they had already perceived in the forest: the man was a born leader.
Erion didn't want to get carried away by the apparent ease with which the group was amalgamated, although part of his heart was glad of that situation, which seemed an opportunity, above all. His instincts told him that these were good people who could be trusted, but his mind forced him to take it easy, as it was still too early. His life, and his brother's, could depend on any of the group's members in the coming days. If only one of them had ulterior motives, and wouldn't let them be seen until the critical moment, Mithir and he could find themselves in a very complicated situation. 
Moreover, Erion was accustomed to the solitude. Except for his brother, he barely related with others for long. Their occupations and travels made it difficult to maintain relationships with others because they never were in the same place for long. Like all orphans, Erion needed the company of others to compensate for the lack of attention from parents he never had. In practice this was not possible since they had left the orphanage six long years ago. He’d maintained some friendships from that period, but he saw most of these friends only two or three times a year. In the depths of his being, he longed for that group to be successful and for this to become a permanent thing. But first, and more important than that desire, was to ensure the safety of his brother, and his own.
At lunch they were talking and drawing more detailed plans of what they'd have to do the next day. 
“Tomorrow's going to be a really busy day if we want to complete all these preparations,” Ithelas said.
“I think we have to split up in order to do several things at once,” concluded Thost, after some thought. 
“One thing is for sure, the day will start very early for all of us and will probably end quite late,” Erion added.
During the long ride, they sought the County's secondary roads whenever they could. At other times they had to ride off-road. The only way to have traveled the main roads, in a good part of the route, would have been if they had gone to Deepcliff first, and then shifted to the southwest by Ekunon's road. But this would have delayed them a lot because it meant a major detour. So, they all agreed to travel the most direct route, although it was not the busiest and, therefore, not the safest. However, the trip was uneventful until it began to get dark.
“We'll be getting there soon,” Ithelas said cheerfully. “Perhaps a little more than a league.”
The sun was setting. They were going through a semi-forested area, and they could see their destination in the distance—some small hills. That's when they saw a winter wolf pack running parallel to them, vigilant. They seemed to have no direct intention of pursuing them, and none of them had attacked. Samar explained that they were probably going through their territory and perhaps the herd had some pups. So they wouldn't leave until they had gone far enough. She also explained that they couldn't trust them not to attack, as this depended on how hungry the pack was at that time. She recommended them to keep going at the same pace and in the same direction and to have their weapons ready, just in case.
Mithir hadn't seen a winter wolf before; at least a live one. He became fascinated with the animals. The winter wolves that lived near Ekunon were famous throughout the kingdom. Samar explained that she occasionally hunted them for their fur. The magician admired the gleaming white fur of those animals. They were very fast and apparently resistant. 
The group shared a mixture of fascination and concern, since the herd was quite large and if they attacked, they'd be in serious trouble. But that wouldn't be the day when things went wrong for the group and, after riding at a good pace through this forest for a while, the pack loosened and then stopped the harassment.
Looking ahead they could see the road that went straight to the Mansion on the Hill, where Thost, Ithelas and Samar lived. They were home.


CHAPTER 11: BOOKS AND POTIONS


After spending two days in the woods and on the roads, everyone enjoyed the comfort of sleeping in a good bed. Erion and Mithir slept in a cozy guest room on the ground floor. The others had their own rooms on the top floor. They all appreciated not having to take turns guarding. Having to interrupt their sleep and stay vigilant, and then trying to go back to sleep, was something that almost no one could get used to. Although the property was old, Thost's mansion was an excellent house, big enough for a group of five people.
A cock from the stables, which was next to the house, woke them up at dawn. After a hearty breakfast that the jovial Dreshpho made for them, they divided into groups to accomplish the tasks, as they had agreed the previous day. Mithir and Ithelas left first. They would go to visit Beromort, the wisest man in Ekunon. Erion and Samar departed next. They would visit shops and stores in the city in order to be equipped for the mission. Finally, Thost stayed in the mansion to prepare the training ground where they would practice together that afternoon.
Thost went to the field which was located down the hill. He used to go there with Ithelas to practice using different weapons: sword, mace, shield, etc. They also had a couple of targets at the end of the field, with which Samar trained often. He took some time to think about what exercises they could do. Thost understood that the best way for a group to survive was to exploit the different abilities of each member, combining them intelligently. A magician, a knight, a cleric, an archer and ... Thost was not sure how to classify Erion. He found him to be the most enigmatic character of the whole group. Maybe explorer was the best term, though he wasn't sure.
He decided they should start with individual exercises. That would allow them to see what the others could do. He thought it best to start with ranged attacks. So he went to a shed near the training ground and took out three bulky targets, one by one. And, with a lot of work and effort, he moved them to bring them closer to the other two, which were already placed in the shooting range. But he placed these three at a slightly shorter distance. Most of the weapons were not as far-reaching as Samar's bow. Then he picked up a weapon rack and set it in the shooting range. There was a bit of everything: spears, a few bows and many crossbows, arrows and even a blowpipe with several darts.
He returned to the shed and picked up five straw dummies, one by one. The dummies were protected with steel armor and had small targets drawn at strategic points: the center of the chest, sides and neck. He aligned them in another area of ​​the training ground next to the shooting range. 
Exercises of close combat, to finish the warm-up, Thost thought.
He returned again to the shed and, this time, took another rack and placed it near the dummies. After several trips, he collected various weapons like swords, maces, daggers, short swords and axes, and placed them in the rack, sorted by size. This left the second part of the training ground prepared.
Thost was sweating. He had carried a lot of very heavy objects. Although he still had a strong arm, he didn't have the same endurance as when he was twenty-five. He sat down to take a short break as he thought about the most important exercises, the teamwork exercises. In the Army, he had learned various trainings and had been able to prove their effectiveness when he himself had to start commanding troops. The Army exercises work primarily with three elements: artillery, infantry and cavalry. It was very important to wisely train and combine the archers and the soldiers. The cavalry usually worked in a complementary way. For example, you could open a breach in an enemy formation on a defensive position; or you could use it to pursue, instigate and exterminate an inferior enemy or use it in a getaway. There were other uses but they were generally complementary to the main force. The key to the cavalry was knowing when and how to use it. 
In this case, the situation was different. It was a small group, which limited the tactics they could employ. But on the other hand, there were other different skills that usually don't exist in an army, especially Mithir and Ithelas' magic.
He decided they could start with a simple combination of archers’ and soldiers’ exercises. For this, he picked up two other dummies from inside the shed and placed them in a third area of ​​the field. Then he made a start line a hundred steps from the dummies and additional marks every twenty steps. He thought about what formations they should practice. He returned to the mansion, took a scroll and a pen and began to write down the exercises that he had already thought of. He included a table to record the results. 
In the central area of the training camp, he painted a circle on the floor with lime, of about twenty steps across, and then placed four more dummies at different distances. They would practice a defensive team position there. He recorded the various distance attacks that they would practice in turns, as well as the proximity ones, subsequently. In that exercise, they could start practicing the most effective ways of combining physical attacks with offensive and defensive spells. He defined the various scenarios that occurred to him and wrote them down as well. 
When he finished, he reviewed everything that he had prepared, as well as his notes. He felt satisfied. It would take them several hours to complete all the exercises. He just hoped for everyone to be back in the early afternoon or, otherwise, they wouldn't have enough time. 
It was practically lunchtime. Almost without realizing it, he had spent the whole morning preparing the camp. He went to see the horses at the stables. He fed them, stroked them and then returned to the mansion. He could smell the delicious aroma of roast coming from the kitchen.

*******

Ithelas and Mithir reached the city relatively fast. The Mansion on the Hill was quite close: half an hour to one hour from the city, depending on the speed at which you rode. Their mission was very specific: learn everything they could about vampires and share it with the others in the afternoon. To do this they had decided to go visit Beromort. 
In some cities in the world of Oris, there were wise men whose fame reached beyond their own Counties. These scholars pursued first, and above all, the constant acquisition of knowledge. The vast majority specialized in a particular branch. There were many options: Architecture, Art, Botany, Physics, History, Music, Chemistry ... According to the classifications that had remained in place since the Third Age, there were thirty major areas in which to organize knowledge. 
These wise men usually lived in quiet neighborhoods of major cities to facilitate public access. Their main source of income was to charge for their consultations. People of all over, who wanted to find out something very concrete, visited them and made their questions for a predetermined fee. Some scholars also accepted students and taught classes. But others preferred to avoid it because it was time-consuming and a major distraction to their studies. Some simply did not like teaching. But even those who taught avoided providing advanced studies. The deep knowledge of a subject was what distinguished the elite guild of scholars from the rest of society, and it was what allowed them to finance their lifestyle. 
Exceptionally, one could accept an apprentice with whom to share all or, perhaps, most of their knowledge. But such trainees were carefully screened before being accepted. Normally they sought loyal, young people, and they were tied and bound to the teacher for many years or even up to their death. A wise man normally sought an apprentice in two circumstances. When he realized he was nearing the end of his days, with the desire to transfer everything they learned to another person. Or, on the other hand, if the wise man was so successful that he had more work than one person could cover, he could find one or more assistants, whom they hired for long periods and usually resolved only the simplest questions.
Beromort was one of the two famous scholars of Ekunon. The other was named Ky'lumin, but everyone regarded Beromort as the smartest man in the city. Ky'lumin specialized in Architecture. Beromort in Theology. Perhaps a wise man, expert in Folklore or History would have been more appropriate to ask about vampires, but they would have to settle for what they could learn from Beromort. Mithir knew, at least in name, the majority of the scholars of the Kingdom of Bor and none of them were specialized in Folklore or History. That said, they would have had to travel to another kingdom, perhaps to the Duchies or maybe even further. This meant traveling for weeks or even months. Acquiring knowledge in the world of Oris wasn't easy. That was one of the reasons why knowledge fascinated Mithir and also Ithelas, to some extent. To be able to learn things that almost nobody else knew was both exotic and fascinating.
Ithelas had visited Beromort several times. On occasion to make a specific inquiry, but more than once he had tried to convince him to organize some courses so he could learn as much as possible about the Order of Light, which was Ithelas' order. 
Following tradition, at nineteen, Ithelas swore his Accession Agreement on a visit to his temple in Borydos, a procedure by which a faithful was incorporated in the service of his Church. After serving for six months as an altar boy in this temple, Ithelas was relegated. This process disassociated him from any religious center. He must then return home or travel the world for a period of ten years, which they called the tithe. During that time he should help others and spread his faith wherever possible. After this period, he would present himself in a larger temple, that is, in a monastery or an abbey, where the head (the prior or abbot, respectively) would interview him to assess the merits during his tithe. If he was defined as suitable, he would be assigned a position in any of the temples or churches of the order for ten years, called the second tithe. But that was still a distant thing for Ithelas; he still had more than six years to go.
Although he had initially decided to travel around the Kingdom of Bor, shortly after the beginning of his tithe, Ithelas' father was exiled. Ithelas then opted for his crusade to be to help his father recover his name and, therefore, stood beside him.
Ithelas had received a workshop in the temple, after the swearing of the Accession, where he had been taught many things. But this knowledge hadn't satisfied the curiosity of the young cleric at all. During his time as an altar boy, he tried to learn everything he could with other more senior clerics. On the rare occasions when he got permission to enter the temple library, he read and studied everything he could. But this hadn't been enough either. So when he began his tithe, one of the first things he did was go visit Beromort, whom he knew since childhood from his summers in Ekunon. The wise man refused to give him the classes he asked for, but lent him a book about the history of his order. Ithelas read it so many times that he could recite whole passages by heart. 
Mithir also knew Beromort. He had only visited him once, though. The magician tried to visit and meet the wise men of all the towns and cities through which he passed. If any of them accepted students, he'd try to enroll and learn everything he could about any subject, at least for the time he could stay in that city. All the areas of knowledge interested him, although some more than others. Theology was not one of his favorites. He believed that much of the content of any religion is closer to superstition and therefore further from the true knowledge. However, even in Theology, there were interesting things like the history of religions, knowledge of the structure and organization of the Orders and, of course, everything related to divine magic.
Neither Mithir nor Ithelas had the faintest idea whether Beromort could help them. Their mission was to find out, one way or another, everything about vampires. Of all the activities they planned for that day, this was the most important and they both knew it. The life of a part or even of all the members of the group could depend on what they could find out that afternoon. They were determined not to take “no” for an answer.
Along the way the two young men had “talked.” Ithelas had learned more words in the morning. They used a simple trick. Ithelas pointed to an object and Mithir made the gesture that represented it a couple of times. After, Ithelas would mimick the gesture and continue Mithir's corrections until he did it properly. Horse, saddle, sword, boots, pants, tree, road, sun: Ithelas' vocabulary was growing rapidly. 
In addition, Mithir could read lips, although he didn't need this ability to communicate because his ear worked perfectly. He was still improving this skill but had reached a quite acceptable level. Finally they reached the city and came across the South Gate. They rode through the streets of Ekunon. 
“There they serve the best roast the city,” said Ithelas, pointing to a tavern as they passed a square. “Also, they have pretty good wine for a reasonable price.”
“Maybe we could go another day, or later, if we have time,” Mithir replied with a nod.
The cleric wasn't sure, but in any case, it was clear that now was not the time to stop.
Not much later they were in front of Beromort's house. They left the horses at the door where a boy, who worked for the wise man, would care for them for a silver coin. It was a steal for such a simple service, but the famous wise men had these services. Somehow, it helped to select the people who came to their door and prevent some chutzpah with no money from wasting their time.
They entered the building and went up the stairs to the first floor. There was a small and comfortable room where they would wait to be called. As they had arrived quite early, there was no one waiting. They did not know, either, if there was someone in the next room with the wise man, but they knew that if they dared to interrupt to check they could be thrown out rudely, without getting any response. So they patiently waited. The wise men were like this. Although some were friendlier than others.
After a short wait, Beromort appeared in the doorway. He wore a long green robe that covered his ankles. The marked circles under his eyelids denoted fatigue. A long goatee hung strangely from his chin. The rest of his face and head were perfectly shaved. His bright, black, searching eyes carefully watched the two young customers, assessing the situation. 
“Follow me,” said the wise man to the two of them, as he turned toward the next room.
They entered a huge room that must’ve occupied the rest of the upper floor. The room was a chaotic mix of a lab, a library, office and warehouse, all in one area without defined divisions. It was very bright because of the big windows it had. All of them overlooked the courtyard that was behind the building. The wall, which was facing the street, had no more than a tiny skylight at the top. It was obvious that Beromort liked his privacy. 
The area of the room that corresponded to a library occupied the entire bottom. Huge shelves stretched from wall to wall and from the floor to the ceiling, with multiple shelves full to the brim with books of all colors and sizes. It was amazing to think how he had managed to store so many books in such a relatively small space. The area on the right, after crossing the door, had several tables with stills, funnels, test tubes and glass containers. One of the tables held what looked like sand or powders of various types stored in many jars. Most of the containers were covered in dust, and Mithir realized that the laboratory wasn't used frequently. 
In the central area of ​​the room, there were a couple of desks full of papers with a big chair behind them in which Beromort sat. He instructed them to take a seat on a bench opposite him.
“So? Tell me,” he said, after watching his two visitors carefully for a few seconds.
“Beromort, we are delighted that you met with us,” Ithelas began.
The wise man indicated for them to continue.
“This is Mithir, a friend. I think he visited you in the past, and has told me many times how impressed he was with your wisdom, which does not surprise me,” continued the cleric.
Appealing to the vanity of a wise man was a pretty old trick. But in practice it worked many more times than it was a mistake.
“What we want to ask you is ... a little unusual. It is also urgent; we need the information you can provide us today, preferably this morning. We want you to tell us everything you know about vampires,” Ithelas unceremoniously said.
Beromort raised an eyebrow, indicating some surprise. It was obvious he didn't receive many inquiries like this. 
“Indeed, it is not a usual request. Why the urgency, if I may ask?” asked the wise man.
“We must start a mission shortly, and there is a chance that we might have to meet this danger, although we'll avoid it if possible. I don’t think we need to go into more detail,” said the cleric.
“I see,” Beromort said thoughtfully.
The wise man got up and asked them not to touch anything. He walked to the back of the room, and he reviewed and consulted several books. He returned a little later with a book bound in leather; it was obvious that it had been used a lot, and then he sat back in his chair. Mithir and Ithelas waited impatiently.
“The first thing I must clarify, though you probably already know, is that this is not my area of interest and, therefore, I don't have all the answers you seek,” said the wise man as he looked at them seriously.
“We know. But we were hoping you could help us anyways,” said the cleric, pleadingly.
“You're looking for, among other things, detailed information on how to recognize, how to protect yourself from a vampire and, maybe even, how to kill them. You can't get these answers from me, if you have so little time,” Beromort said with great shrewdness. “Another thing is if you had made this request with a little more foresight,” added the wise man with a disapproving tone.
The two young men decided to say nothing and wait for the wise man to tell them what he knew.
“Vampires are extremely dangerous. And surely the best thing you can do for your own good is to avoid them at all costs. In the past they had become real pests. Some say that a vampire plague almost collapsed, centuries ago, the empire of the Duchies Carition, despite all its resources.” 
The wise man paused and began looking for something in the leather notebook. While leafing through the pages, he continued with the lecture.
“They form a part of the family of the undead. That is, they were once some kind of humanoid (dwarf, medium, gnome, human, elf, etc.). The subject in question never died but became a vampire. This has to happen by a process that another vampire starts. Vampires aren't created by spontaneous generation. They also say that the undead retain the memories of their previous lives.”
Beromort stopped at one of the pages of the notebook and turned to look at them.
“There are no kind vampires. They are all the servants of evil. Therefore, most religions consider them enemies, but only a few have had the opportunity or need to combat them. For example, we haven't had any news of vampires in the Kingdom of Bor for many years, even centuries. Moreover, the religions that pursue evil, the Darken worshipers, consider the vampires their allies. I’ve heard that some religions worship vampires as minor gods, but I haven't verified this.”
Mithir and Ithelas looked at each other. All this information was useful, but they didn't believe that it would be good enough to solve their basic problem.
“There's a man in Ekunon. He's called Aspulax. He is one of the librarians at the General Library of the city. I remember that I spoke to him once. In any case, you must go to him. I don't know where he lives, so ask for him in the library. Someone told me that Aspulax came years ago from a remote country and he used to be a cleric of an order from which we have no news of. Aspulax's order has faced vampires at various times in its history. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of that order. Surely this man can give you more answers,” Beromort said as he stood up.
The two young men understood that they must stand up too, and they did. The wise man led them to the door with a nod and then sat down to return to his papers. They went out the door of the room and down to the lower floor. 
“Come in here,” said a voice from the next room the instant they finished descending the stairs.
The small room had a table with an elderly official who moved multiple papers back and forth. After a while he stopped and looked at them.
“The fee for the wise man today will be fifty gold coins,” he told them, pointing to a box that was in the corner of the table.
Mithir pulled a bag from his pocket, counted the coins and placed them where he had indicated. Then the two young men left the building. The rate was the standard appropriate for a simple and brief consultation. They actually paid much less than they had thought would be necessary, but, on the other hand, the information obtained was also very limited. Normally a wise man established a priori how much the service would cost and how long it would take. Furthermore, it was common they would ask for half in advance before beginning the investigation. When Ithelas saw that Beromort was beginning to give some details about vampires, without a pre-established fee, immediately he thought that they would probably not get much information. Either that or the wise man was very generous, which hadn't been the case in all the time he had known him.
It was mid-morning, and the sun seemed not to warm up at all. They took back their horses and, after greeting the young man who watched them, they departed. Ekunon was known for its library and Engineering School. These constituted not only two major poles of knowledge but also the economic activity in the city. Most of the cities of the kingdom did not have a library. This was a privilege usually reserved for large cities like this. Still, only a few had such facilities. In both places you could find and buy rare books. In fact, this was one of the products that the city exported to other places. 
The magician and the cleric, full of expectation, rode the gentle jog through the streets of the city. It was the maximum speed allowed without being reprimanded, or even fined, by the militia. Soon they reached their destination. The General Library was in the Ekunon Central Square, opposite the residence of the Mayor, and was one of the notable buildings in the city. Some people visited it just to admire the architecture. The main facade was completely carved in stone, mounted on huge, richly carved blocks. Front pillars divided the facade into sections, and they were topped by enormous gargoyles, which appeared to support the roof of the building with their claws. They entered.
“... I ... speak here,” Ithelas thought he understood the magician say. 
The young cleric was surprised but said nothing. How could Mithir take the lead there being dumb? 
After passing the main lobby, Mithir motioned for him to follow. Rather than going straight to enter the main room of the library, the young magician turned to the right by one of the service corridors and began to walk quickly through a labyrinthine building area that Ithelas had never visited. After three turns, Ithelas already felt lost and didn't feel capable of getting out of there easily on his own. Mithir opened a door and started down the stairs leading to the basement. The cleric, who had often been in the library of the city where he lived, didn't even know that the building had a basement. On reaching the lower level, Ithelas followed the magician through another corridor and then, after two more turns, came to a door that the magician knocked on.
“Come in,” said a voice from inside.
They entered the small room. It was the office of a copyist, whose mission was to create new copies of already written books. It was a craft, slow and laborious, and the main reason why the books, even the most basic ones, were relatively expensive.
“Mithir, I'm so happy to see you!” said the man, who immediately began to make multiple gestures.
Ithelas realized that he’d asked the magician how he was doing, and then told him some things about the library, which he could not understand. Mithir responded with gestures and then introduced Ithelas. The man got up to shake his hand.
“Mithir's friends are my friends. What's your name, young cleric of the Order of Light?” said the copyist suddenly.
It was obvious that Mithir could say a lot of things with just a few gestures.
“Ithelas. Nice to meet you. And yours?” asked the cleric.
“Ingucius. I am one of the permanent copyists of this library,” said the man.
“Yes, I can see you working. We regret the disruption,” Ithelas apologized.
“Not at all! I am always happy to talk to Mithir.”
Ingucius told them to sit down. After a few gestures from Mithir, the copyist began to verbalize everything the young magician said, facilitating the dialogue among the three of them. Mithir explained in very general terms the risks of the mission that they faced and then their meeting this morning with the wise man Beromort. When he finished the story, Ingucius looked thoughtful for a moment and then asked them to wait there. A while later, the man returned with a heavy volume and placed it on the table.
“Well, the bad news is that Aspulax hasn’t worked here for several months now. He said goodbye and returned to his country. I knew him, though I did not talk to him much. The truth is that I don't even remember what country he was from. Here, in the library, many people work, as you can imagine,” explained the copyist with a tone of concern.
“Oh, what luck!” Ithelas cried, while Mithir made a gesture and put his hands on his head.
After briefly glancing and looking at the huge tome, Ingucius continued.
“The good news is that, as we are a disciplined library, we document everything. Everything! Also, our employees' records. Here it is! Aspulax's file. Before continuing, let's see ... I must tell you that the information of the people working here is confidential. So, I will tell you only that which may be relevant to what you seek, and only in deference to Mithir. In addition, you must promise not to repeat to anyone what I'm going to tell you,” warned the copyist.
“Of course!” answered the two young men at the same time.
After perusing the file, Ingucius got up and told them:
“According to what I could see, Aspulax was a native of the Baronies Ripstein. I don't think the rest of the information is useful. Moreover, the file has a reference to the original document of entry. I'll look and see if we have more information there. It'll be faster if you come with me. Follow me,” said the copyist, gesturing with his hand as he took the heavy volume with the other.
Again they began to tour several corridors until they reached a staircase; this time it went down to another level. The staircase led to a huge room without any division but full of huge shelves with files and books, mostly large ones. They followed Ingucius, who decidedly walked the halls of the room. After stopping to check the numbering of the shelves on a couple of occasions, they reached a corridor that contained tomes identical to the one the copyist had in his hand. Ingucius returned the tome to a gap that was left in one of the lower shelves.
The copyist then went back and in the center aisle, took a small piece of scroll from his pocket. On it he had written down some numbers before leaving his office. 
“This is the room of the Personnel Archives. Here all the documentation relating to the employees is saved,” he explained while walking.
After turning a few times in two aisles, he finally stopped in front of a shelf of wooden boxes of medium size that were organized by year of entry, he explained. He took one of the boxes, opened it and began to review the documentation. After a few minutes he took some papers.
“I have it! The file number that we were looking for,” he said triumphantly, while he pointed again for them to follow him.
In the back of the room, there was a row of tables with oil lamps. They sat around one of them and Ingucius began reviewing the document. For a long while the copyist read quietly and concentrated.
“This is what I can ascertain,” said the copyist while the young men listened intently. “Years ago, while he still lived in the Baronies Ripstein, Aspulax was a cleric in the Order of Air, which worships the goddess Tiwind.”
“I've never heard of that order. I wasn't even aware that the goddess Tiwind had an order dedicated to her,” Mithir said.
“The truth is that I didn't know, either,” admitted Ithelas.
“From what it seems, it must be a popular order in that country because it mentioned that some of his friends were also in it,” Ingucius said. “So as Beromort said, this is a good lead to follow. And I think I know how we can continue. On the record, it also mentions that one of his favorite books is A Detailed History of the Order of the Air, in the version published by the Monastery of Telodarah. This is a stroke of luck. This reference gives us a quick way to find the book here, if we fortunately have a copy. I hope so because our collection of ecclesiastical texts is large, as Ithelas knows. Follow me again.”
After returning the form to the box, and placing it carefully, they followed Ingucius who led them through the archive hall, up to the basement where he had his office and finally, through a spiral staircase that led directly to a secluded part of the huge main room of the library area. There he led them to a table to sit on and then disappeared in the huge room. He returned a while later.
“Here it is. We have several copies, so I brought three. I thought we could browse the book in parallel to try to cover more pages. I'll check up to chapter twelve. Mithir, you check from chapter twelve to twenty. Ithelas, please, review the last chapters,” organized the copyist.
This research was proving very laborious and taking them a long time, but they were hopeful of being able to get useful information. After reading and skimming for a while, they managed to find some useful information. The Order of the Air had fought vampires in various periods of its history in the Baronies Ripstein. The names of some martyrs who had died in that crusade were provided. The most famous of them all was a man named Kusour who had lived three centuries ago. They called him the Vampire Slayer. In the end he lost his life in that fight, but not before he killed more than ten, twenty or a hundred vampires, according to different references. The book didn't say much about the vampires per se. But it provided new information that seemed interesting. Kusour had contributed his knowledge about vampires to a collection called Classic Bestiary of Baronies Ripstein.
Ingucius left and returned again a half hour later. He carried an old book in his hand. 
“I struggled to find it. It is the only copy we have. I've browsed over it and think it is what you are looking for. The books in this catalog are not available for loan but for sale. It's categorized as a rare book, so it's quite expensive,” he warned them. “I can let you take a look so you can decide if it's worth the money. Supposedly it's five hundred gold coins! Mithir, I can try to get you a discount, but I can't promise you anything. I'll talk to the cashier while you look through it,” said the copyist.
The two young men rushed anxiously through the book. It spoke of all kinds of strange creatures, most of which they had never heard of. They finally arrived on the vampire chapter. In it, the book provided many details of these creatures, their habits and their strengths and weaknesses. It was certainly what they had come for. When Ingucius returned shortly after and explained that he had no luck with the cashier, they rushed to give him a bag of gold. And after thanking all the time and effort he had devoted to them, they hurried out of the General Library, took their horses and headed home.

*******

Samar and Erion left for the city somewhat later than the two youngest members of the group. This idea was a little strange to Erion. Samar also looked very young, about the age of Mithir and perhaps younger than Ithelas. However, Erion knew that she was probably the oldest of them all. Her age was possibly centuries, but he didn't dare ask. He knew that, at least, she should be Thost's age, since she'd been with him for so long.
Along the way, Erion tried to make conversation several times, but Samar only answered in monosyllables or short phrases. She was fairly quiet. However, for some reason, Erion felt an open confidence towards her. He only hoped to have the opportunity to get that confidence to be reciprocal.
Erion watched the elf carefully. She was really beautiful: that ethereal, mystique beauty that only the elves seem to reach. Her hair, short and golden, seemed to emit brief flashes, illuminated by the morning sun. Her perfect face showed a classic beauty. Her slightly oval sapphire eyes seemed to light the rest of her face, and were perhaps the most attractive element of the set. It was possible that many men could easily fall in love with her. But the young man clearly understood that Samar kept them all at bay without much effort. Erion was thoughtful for a moment, toying with the idea of ​​whether he would become one of those men.
As they rode toward the city of Ekunon, Erion remembered his brother Mithir for a moment. Since they had left the orphanage years ago, or even when they were still there, they had barely separated. They were almost always together, and they had become so accustomed to each other's company that if they spent a whole day without seeing each other, they longed to meet again. In any case, he thought he was lucky that he had to fetch supplies, accompanying the beautiful Samar. 
Why would Thost have divided the tasks like that? he wondered.
Perhaps because he still didn't trust him or his brother, or if he thought about it, simply to facilitate the integration and cooperation of the group, so they’d get to know each other better. In any case, fetching provisions seemed more of an entertaining mission than talking with a wise man with an ego the size of a tarrasque. That task was better for Mithir or Ithelas.
“Well, you're the one who knows the city. Where do we go first?” Erion asked.
“To buy ointments. Let's visit the shop last because there we'll have to buy heavier goods,” reasoned Samar.
Direct, resolute, determined, and had no problems presenting herself exactly as she was to men; Samar was very different from most women he knew. And the fact that she was a great archer or a decided adventurer was only part of it. Her personality was what most distinguished her. Erion felt ... he really wasn't sure how he felt.
Soon they reached the city with Samar leading the way to the shopping district that was located to the northeast. They came to a large square where convoluted and narrow streets branched out of it.
“Let's leave the horses here and continue on foot,” the elf proposed.
In one corner of the square there were some stables and they gave their horses to a porter there. The elf gave him a few copper coins and then walked into one of the alleys, indicating to Erion to follow her. They walked first by a street lined with butcher shops and other stores that sold food of various types. The smell was a bit strong for Erion, but was not entirely unpleasant. Several shopkeepers were stationed at the doors of their stores, watching them pass. It was likely that they had opened shortly before, and didn't have many customers yet.
They reached a wider and straight avenue. It was nicely paved and had beautiful flower arrangements. It was, perhaps, the most beautiful street he had seen in that city. It was the Walk of the Gem, where the goldsmiths' guild worked and had their business. It was one of the main economic activities of the city and the jewels that were made there were known throughout the county, even in the kingdom.
After walking for two or three streets, they turned back into a very narrow dark alley. The buildings seemed particularly old, although most had some kind of maintenance. Only a couple of them looked abandoned. Most seemed like homes, perhaps of older people who'd lived in them from long ago, or perhaps people who did not have sufficient resources to live on a major street. After walking a few hundred steps, Samar stopped in front of one of the buildings. Erion thought then that another possible reason could be the desire to live in a quiet area.
 Samar shook the latch of the door twice, and then waited. After a minute the door opened, but no one came out. Samar then opened the door wider and motioned Erion to follow her, closing the door immediately after. The young man saw the back of what looked like a hunched old woman who walked away down the hall and disappeared into one of the last rooms. He followed Samar through the corridor, traveling the same path as the old woman.
They entered a strange, dark room. In one corner sat a huge black cauldron bubbled by the effect of fire coals beneath it. The room had multiple shelves that stored all kinds of glass containers, roots, fruits of various kinds and various plants. At the end of the room, near the window, there was a table with two chairs. Samar sat and Erion followed suit.
The old woman stirred the pot with a long wooden stick and seemed not to pay attention. She was dressed all in black and had long, white, slightly matted hair. Her sour, pale face hid a difficult age to calculate, but she was certainly very old.
“You've brought someone,” said the old woman dryly.
“He's a friend. We won't take up much of your time,” said Samar.
“What do you need?”
“A few things, in fact: three large ointments, three poison antidotes and some potions,” said the elf.
The old woman nodded to Erion, as if asking him to come closer. The young man rose hesitantly, and then approached the cauldron. The woman stopped to look at him slowly, from top to bottom. She seemed to be doing some kind of evaluation.
“Take this and stir,” she said as she handed him the stick.
Then she left the room with short but quick steps. She returned a while later and placed several bottles on the table in front of the elf, while Erion kept stirring the cauldron’s contents.
“What else?” the woman asked.
“Give me five regular healing potions like the last time. Do you also have a more powerful one?” Samar asked.
“Why, this is much more than usual. Are you getting ready to go to war? Yes, I have potions for serious wounds,” the old woman said.
“Something like that. How much do those cost?” asked the elf.
“Those are more expensive: 750 gold coins each,” the woman replied.
“Too much for me,” Samar said.
The old woman went to one of the pieces of furniture in the room and opened a drawer. She took out a kind of leather belt from it. Then she opened another drawer and began picking up small glass jars filled with a liquid of a strange color. They were slender cylinders no more than three fingers high and a half finger wide, closed by a small cork. One by one, she put the five bottles in the belt insertion points. Then she placed it in front of Samar.
“The belt's a gift,” clarified the old woman. “I understand that's all?” she asked.
“Yes, thank you very much. What do we owe you?”
The old woman sat down and took a scroll and pen and began to make a few scribbles. When she finished, she handed the note to Samar.

Order – Samar
3 ointments ------------------------3 x 250 
3 antidotes ------------------------ 3 x 750 
5 moderate potions ---------------5 x 300 
Total ------------------------------ 4,500 g.c.

Samar stared at the last line of the note. It was a lot of money. But on the other hand, this could be the most important investment of them all in the preparation for their mission. The lives of several members of the group, or even all of them, could depend on having these products or not. It also meant investing almost the entire advance that Phoroz had provided. The elf hesitated whether to consult Erion or not before making the purchase. She decided against it. She took the bag with platinum coins that Thost had given her and, after taking a few she had put in a smaller bag, handed the huge sum to the healer.
Then she got up, put the other bottles that the woman had given her on the belt and fastened it on the breeches. She thanked her and left the room, followed by Erion. 
“Close the door on the way out,” requested the old woman, hovering over the huge cauldron, stirring once more.
Samar and Erion returned to the narrow, dark alley. 
“That bag you gave the old woman seemed very full,” said Erion.
“Yes,” admitted the elf. “Luckily, the rest of the gear should be much cheaper. Let's go now to the Blacksmiths' Round,” she added.
They returned to the Walk of the Gem and walked for about ten minutes on different streets of the shopping district. Finally, they reached a steep, cracked, cobbled street. As they walked, Erion could feel the heat coming out of the stores. Sweaty blacksmiths pounded steel parts with their hammers’ steel in incandescence, threw shovels of coal into boilers or cooled the leaves on which they were working in large basins filled with water. 
After reaching almost the end of the round, Samar went into a large room with large quantities of all kinds of goods stacked up to the door, and even outside of it. Shields, helmets, boots, belts, arrows, swords, axes, spears, maces, daggers, arrows, ropes, backpacks, sleeping bags, of all sizes, types and colors were heaped all over the place, limiting the speed and ease at which one could walk. Erion looked at the sign hanging on the door before entering behind the elf: The Bold Adventurer.
A man dressed in a garish red shirt came when he saw them enter. He came smiling and making a great show.
“But look who's here! My favorite client! How are you, dear Samar? How have you been? What a stupid question. I see you're great, as always! And now you come accompanied by this handsome young man! Excellent! Everyone is welcome at The Bold Adventurer. Here is ab-so-lu-tely everything any adventurer could need. We adapt to all budgets and all tastes. No matter what you want, you just have to name it and you'll have it in front of you in a heartbeat. And if given the bizarre fact that right at this moment we don't have the item you want, no problem. We'd order it and deliver it to you in record time. What if you've bought more things that you can load on your horse? Not a problem either. For a small fee, we'll transport all your purchases and deliver them anywhere in Ekunon and its surroundings. In The Bold Adventurer we are delighted to serve our customers,” said the man at enormous speed, barely stopping to breathe.
“Thanks, Maroq. This is Erion,” said the elf, introducing her companion.
“Pleased to meet you, Erion,” said the man as he shook hands and bowed. “We are delighted to have you here. I see you're wearing fantastic boots, although we see they have traveled a lot. Ha ha ha! Perhaps you might consider renewing them. You could also take a look at our leather armor and our belts. I'm sure you could find something that would match the boots. With an outfit like this and that manly manner you'd have all the girls from the city chasing you!”
The man was surprising. Really, he seemed to not need to breathe to talk. Erion believed he couldn't recall having seen anyone speak so fast in his life. The young man wondered whether Maroq was like this with all customers, and how much energy he had to spend every day.
“We'll need these things,” Samar said as she handed the man a small paper.
“Yes, of course! No problem. But, come in, come in. You don't have to stay here. Follow me ... Here, here, please sit,” he said, while indicating two comfortable chairs at the back of the store. “I won't take long. I'll be right with you soon,” he added.
The seller disappeared through the door into the back room of the premises. He returned a few minutes later, carrying a lot of different objects that he placed on a table in front of them. Then he began to move at a high speed through the store and took some additional goods from different places. A few minutes later, he had everything stacked on the table.
“Let's see,” the salesman began, “we have two regular travel backpacks, a hundred boxwood arrows of top quality, two small bags with flint and steel, forty standard quality arrows, two braided ropes twenty steps long, two hooks, three canteens, two new sleeping bags, climbing equipment and ten torches of medium duration. You gave me the freedom of bringing some options that you may choose. For example, what do you think of these backpacks that just arrived from the capital? They are a new design with more pockets and, mind you, they have reinforcement on the inside for durability, and also ...”
“Maroq,” began Samar.
“Oh yes, I know, I know. Once you have decided on a particular model for particular merchandise you prefer to not review other options. But I thought that the gentleman may want to consider these possibilities. These backpacks are a tad expensive but definitely worth it. They're all the rage. They are selling fast.”
“Keep me out of it. Everything that Samar chooses seems fine with me,” clarified Erion.
“Oh, of course, of course. I just thought that maybe you wanted to see these new things, well ...”
“Give me ten small flasks as well,” interrupted the elf.
“Coming right up. While I go look for them, you can take a look at these ropes of silk. They are just as strong but much lighter and take up less space, you see. Also I have this oil lantern with a cap. You can turn it on and keep it that way, but at any time you can put down the cap and it’s dark again. Ideal to surprise your enemies if you're in a cave or something like that. With torches people will see you coming a mile away, and I wouldn't want anything to happen to my favorite customers. Anyway, I leave everything here for you to take a look. I'll get the flasks. I'll be right back. And don't go anywhere!” Maroq said as he turned to go out the door of the back room.
Samar and Erion were checking the goods that the talkative salesman had brought, and decided that they were of reasonable quality. They also took a look at some other options but ultimately decided not to change anything. Maroq returned shortly and put the flasks with the rest of the gear. 
“Here you go. I think that's everything. Samar, dear, let me ask. How are your funds? In the special section I have several things that will surely interest you. In addition ...”
Samar always interrupted Maroq when he wanted to say something. Otherwise it was almost impossible for her to talk.
“I wish, Maroq. I'd love to have a look. But I fear that we can't spend a lot,” said the elf as she stood up. “I'll get one of the horses to carry all this. Erion, I will bring it through one of the back streets to avoid crossing the shopping district with him; I don't want to have problems with the militia. I have to make a detour, so it will take a while,” she added.
“No problem. Take all the time you need. Anyway, if you want we can send all this to the mansion. You'll have it there tonight or tomorrow morning at the latest ...”
“No, thanks. We'll take it. What do I owe you for this?” asked the elf.
“Well, you bought many things. Let me see. Well, you're my favorite client, so I think we can make an effort. But, please, do not tell anyone about these prices I'm giving you. I only do this with you. Anyway, I think you can take everything for 270 gold coins,” Maroq concluded.
“I think it's actually 124 gold coins and 4 silver ones,” Samar said precisely.
“Oh, don’t say that, for Oris’ sake! What have I done to you? Anyone would say you want us to close. If I sell it for that price I'm losing everything. I have to feed my four children, and the two that are on the way ...”
Maroq continued recounting the many problems and catastrophes that would be triggered if he sold the goods at the price the elf proposed. At the same time, the seller knew that Samar had made a precise calculation of the value of each object and knew their market price. It was obvious that she had bought many of the items right there in the past and knew their reasonable price. Maroq still continued to make his speech for a while, until they began to bargain. Samar ended up paying 137 gold coins so she didn't waste any more time on that discussion. 
“Wait here with the goods. I'll get my horse to load all this,” Samar said to Erion.
The elf paid Maroq and left. Erion watched her go into the street without understanding very well what was coming. In the half hour it took her to return, Maroq tried to sell him new trousers, shirts, boots, armor, daggers, swords, horses, even a farm near the town with pigs and chickens included. Erion had met with vendors of all types and had very well cataloged the ones that went in the same category as Maroq, but he’d never really ever found a seller that talkative. Erion made a mental note. Perhaps the man could be useful someday. 
When he finally saw Samar by the door, his head was turning because the seller had made him dizzy. He wondered whether the elf would have left him there on purpose, instead of sending for the horse. In any case, she was already there.
Within minutes they loaded Samar's horse with all the goods. They said goodbye to Maroq, who was still trying to impart in them the benefits of some of his goods, and left. 
“What a character!” Erion commented.
“True. But he's harmless and really has everything. Also, if you know what things are worth you can buy for a reasonable price,” reasoned Samar.
“What was that special section?” asked the young man.
“Magical objects. But it takes a lot of gold to buy any goods of that kind,” explained the elf. “Perhaps when the mission is over, if things are going well, we can go back and take a look.”
They returned to the square where they could pick up Erion's horse and, after distributing the load, left to go to Thost's mansion.

*******

Thost helped Dreshpho set the table, despite her protests.
“You focus on the roast,” the knight told her with a serious gesture.
Table for six in the main dining room adjoining the kitchen. Thost soon had everything in place. Dreshpho felt a little strange. Since childhood she had served that house and was used to being another servant in a myriad of them. She was always devoted to the kitchen, while others cleaned, organized, set the table, picked things up, took care of the farm and a long list of all kinds of tasks. Now it was only her and although it was very strange to see her master doing tasks that once only a maid or a footman did, she really appreciated the help. It was too big of a house for her to be able to do it all. They all collaborated in one way or another.
Dreshpho put a snack on the table so that the former Count could entertain himself: a small bowl of olives. Thost loved them. Shortly after, the cook explained that the food was ready and asked the knight what she should do. With a gesture Thost told her to wait, as he left the porch to scan the horizon from the top of the hill. Two riders rode over there on Ekunon's road. At that moment he could not guess who they were. He decided to wait for them inside the house.
A while later Samar and Erion come through the door looking a little tired. They sat at the table.
“Did you happen to see the guys behind you? Do you know anything about them?” Thost asked.
“No, we have not seen them,” said Samar.
“Well, it's clearly past noon, so let's eat. Dreshpho, you can serve the meal. Thank you,” said the knight.
“I hope that everything went well,” Erion said.
“Surely yes,” Thost said.
The cook's roast was really delicious. Everyone ate with joy as Samar and Erion detailed all that had happened during the morning. Thost approved Samar's decisions regarding purchases, despite having spent almost the entire advance that Phoroz had provided. Erion also agreed. 
When they finished eating they sat in the main hall. Thost took a long pipe in which he put some tobacco leaves. He asked Erion if he smoked. The young man explained that he had done it once but not regularly. 
“I'll smoke with you when we finish the mission, if we're successful,” he said.
“Done,” Thost said.
Somewhat later, they heard Mithir and Ithelas' horses. The young men entered the house after leaving the mounts in the stables.
“How did it go?” Erion asked curiously.
“We'll tell you later. We're hungry, we haven't eaten anything,” explained Mithir.
“I could eat an ox,” Ithelas added.
They decided to sit with the young men as they ate. Both explained all the morning's events one by one, until the final resolution, where they got the Bestiary.
“That has been painstaking research,” Samar said. “I'm sure it was worth it.”
After they finished eating, they all sat in the living room, where Ithelas read them in detail the chapter about vampires. They all found the information very interesting and discussed various options and strategies. One of the conclusions they reached was that they should try to be prepared for anything. Because an old vampire could have multiple servants, they might have to face different kinds of enemies. Thost then briefly explained the preparations he had made and, after talking a while longer, they all left the house and went down the hill to the training ground.
Following Thost's plan, they began distance shooting training. Samar reached several targets without apparent effort and then concentrated in guiding the others. She made some minor corrections to Thost, who also shot with a bow, and then Erion, who practiced with two types of crossbow: the hand crossbow and the normal-size one. Ithelas fired several shots with a sling to the nearest targets. Mithir did the same with a blowgun first, and then throwing small daggers. Thost and Erion also practiced several times with spears.
The skills of the team were varied. Nobody obviously compared to Samar. But Erion was perhaps the second best shooter of the group. Thost was not bad at all, especially with the spear. Mithir and Ithelas felt like fish out of water in these practices, although in the short and medium distances they had achieved some targets. 
They continued to practice for nearly an hour until Thost said they should move to the next exercise. They all picked up their favorite weapon and started beating their doll, in a sequence predetermined by Thost: strike the left side of the neck, heart, right hip, left waist and neck to the right. Samar used a long sword, Mithir a dagger, Erion a short sword, Ithelas a mace and Thost a bastard sword. After, they tried some other weapons, but the one who varied the most was Thost: ax, short sword, two-handed sword, mace, war hammer. He seemed to be versed in the use of all close-range weapons.
Then Thost matched them to fight each other: Erion with Ithelas and Samar with Mithir. He gave some instructions of what to do to make sure they wouldn't hurt each other, and then let them fight for a few minutes. Thost frequently interrupted them and indicated what they should change: weapon position, body position, feet, how to make a hole in the rival's guard, how to take a defensive stance, what benefits and what weaknesses each weapon provided. 
Erion learned more about using weapons that afternoon than he had in his entire life. The world of Oris was a dangerous place and it was important to have some defensive skills. But the weapons had never been a primary concern for him. He had tried to develop other important skills for his “work.” Mithir also learned some tricks, but following that afternoon he was even more convinced that he must learn more and better spells to be able to defend himself. He understood that, somehow, he was more vulnerable than he had thought.
Thost said then that they should continue with the equipment exercises. He arranged the members of the group with Ithelas and himself forward, with the sword and mace, Mithir behind them, right in the middle, and Samar and Erion with bow and crossbow, also behind, next to Mithir. The goal was to sequentially approach the two dummies placed at a hundred steps, causing the maximum damage. The marks on the ground, every twenty steps, indicated the place where they would take the next shot.
They started with the group of five, walking together toward the two “enemies” at once. As they came to one of the landmarks, Ithelas and Thost crouched, Samar and Erion fired their weapons, and Mithir cast a spell of magic missiles. Then they began walking again. In the next fifteen or twenty steps, the line of gunners would reload their weapons and prepare the next shot, as they walked in formation with the group. Erion struggled to keep up because recharging the crossbow was a little more laborious. Samar, however, managed to load and fire her bow twice at the same time. The front line came up and hit the enemies with their weapons on a couple of occasions. Finally, Erion and Samar took up their swords and surrounded the enemy by the flanks.
They repeated the exercise three or four times. Every time they managed to move a little faster, hit the target with more shots, move as a more compact group and, ultimately, improved their teamwork. Thost proposed to raise the difficulty. This time, the line of gunners would stay still a hundred steps from the enemy, while the front line advanced. The difficulty was twofold. On the one hand, the distance was greater and therefore more difficult to reach the target. On the other hand, it was more complicated to coordinate with Thost and Ithelas. As they came to one of the marks, they stood and crouched. That was the moment in which Erion and the elf should make their shots above their peers. After repeating the exercise several times, they improved their effectiveness.
Thost felt satisfied and led the group to the last area of ​​the training ground: the defensive circle. There they practiced different combinations of Ithelas' defensive spells and Mithir's offensive ones, while the others fired their arrows. Thost sought a protective position, sometimes at the edge of the circle of twenty steps and other times closer to the group, according to the range of the defensive spell Ithelas was using. They tried out different options of attack and defense to alternate with those positions. 
During the day everyone could train their skills. And, more importantly, they could understand those of the others. This allowed them to explore options of how to combine them. This made them much stronger as a group but, after what they had read in the afternoon about vampires, everyone wondered if it would be enough to survive their mission.
They returned to the house and began to prepare the equipment. As Phoroz had explained, the portal would open to an area rather close to the valley where the vampire's castle stood. After discussing it for a while, they decided to only take a mule, which they loaded with everything they believed they might need. In addition, they each carried their equipment on their back.
Meanwhile, dinner was ready. They sat down to eat while they discussed the thorniest issues. Interestingly they agreed pretty quickly on what they thought would be the most difficult issue: Ithelas would be responsible for transporting the box when they had it in their possession. It was the person that everyone trusted, even Erion. It took a little longer to decide what rule they would follow in case of dispute should it occur, and that they would not have much time for debate. Erion reluctantly accepted that they would follow Thost's criteria. The young man valued his individual freedom above all else, and he was beginning to understand that forming a part of a larger group or family meant that it was inevitable to make some concessions in this regard.
After finishing dinner, and saying goodbye to Dreshpho, they picked up their weapons and left the house. As they agreed, they would open the portal in a nearby forest, half a league from the Mansion on the Hill. You never know who may appear across the portal, and they wouldn't want to accidentally invite an enemy back to their home. They finally reached the forest. Under the light of a full moon, Mithir took the scroll that their client had given them and called the portal which opened before them. It was a large oval, about three steps high, with a silver edge that emitted short flashes and looked completely blackened inside. 
Everyone wondered what awaited them on the other side. Thost crossed first. Ithelas followed him, pulling the mule, and then Mithir and Samar. Erion cast a look back wondering if it was the last time he would see that forest. Then he disappeared into the portal.


SECOND PART
ASSAULT to the vampire's crypt

PROLOGUE


Azuharr, the black dragon, knew that Tazar, the silver dragon, was nearby and also understood that he was becoming more powerful every day. Soon he would be more powerful than him. He also understood that Tazar had not forgotten what had happened that afternoon nearly a thousand years ago, nor the location of the cave where an immense treasure was guarded. Azuharr had to find him. Time was running out.
He sensed that he had hidden in one of the human kingdoms. He was convinced that he would be helping, in some way, the prosperity and stability of the kingdom. So he devised a plan. If he could significantly destabilize a kingdom and Tazar was hiding there, he would have to show himself to help the humans. Then he could surprise him and kill him before it was too late.
He only had to decide in which kingdom to begin. 


CHAPTER 1: BEYOND THE PORTAL


Erion felt a strange tingle that ran throughout his body and then a kind of brief but violent shaking that gave him a sense of nausea. For a moment he could see nothing at all, everything was completely black; it was total darkness which he had never experienced before, as if hung on an abyss as deep as hell. Suddenly, an intense blinding light forced him to close his eyes. He was back on land. Gradually, as he got used to the intensity of the light, he began to open his eyes again, blinking incessantly. 
The rest of the group was there and watching him. The nausea he had felt for a brief moment had already vanished. They were in broad daylight and the sun shone with great intensity. It must have been late in the afternoon but it was still very hot. Now that he thought about it, he was almost suffocating. He began to remove his leather armor. He was wearing too many clothes for the temperature of the place.
“What a trip! How do you feel? Do you still feel nauseated?” Ithelas asked as he approached him.
“No. I only felt it for a moment, when I was ... inside,” Erion said. “I feel good, I guess.”
“It's a normal feeling when you use a long-distance portal. But it passes right away. And I've heard that if you use them often you get used to it,” Mithir said with gestures.
“Check your gear. Everyone, please! We must make sure we didn't lose anything during the jump,” requested Thost.
The members of the group took off their backpacks and began to check what they had in them. After, Ithelas and Mithir checked the equipment that was loaded onto the mule they had brought. Nothing seemed to be missing.
Erion took advantage to put some of the clothes he’d been wearing in his backpack before crossing the portal. It was sweltering in there. He realized he had not stopped sweating since he got there. The others had also considerably lightened their clothes, including Samar. She wore a green short-sleeved blouse, brown shorts and low boots. As usual, she wore her quiver on her back and carried her bow in her left hand. Erion thought she had never looked so beautiful.
“This vegetation seems tropical,” Ithelas said, pointing to some of the plants around them.
Erion then looked at the environment. They were in a dense forest of tall trees. Multiple green plants surrounded the area. Lush flowers of all colors flooded the meadow with their aroma. He could hear the sounds of many birds and other animals that he didn't recognize. Erion had never been in a place so full of life. 
“We must seek higher ground. Then we can try to identify where we are and what direction the cave is. But we don't all have to go. Samar, your eyes can see farther than any of us. Find some nearby hill or some high place and try to figure out where we are. Take the map with you. But it is best you don't go alone. Erion, can you go with her?” Thost said.
“Yes, of course. It's best that nobody stays alone. We are in uncharted territory,” agreed Erion, happy with the knight’s choice.
“All right. Meanwhile, we will finish checking the equipment. We'll wait here,” Thost said.
Samar and Erion walked away, leaving their backpacks so they’d be able to walk faster. The elf led the way and Erion followed, paying attention to the flanks and rear. He was responsible for protecting the girl, knowing that maybe she was protecting him more. 
They walked briskly for about ten minutes. Erion breathed large amounts of air through his mouth. The intense humidity coupled with the high temperature made it difficult to breathe. The young man knew they needed to acclimatize their bodies to that atmosphere as soon as possible. Although they were not running, Samar was following a steep terrain area, always looking for the maximum slope, which was exhausting. 
The elf stopped and pointed to a small cliff ahead. It was the first place where Erion could see rock. Until then, the lush terrain only allowed them to see green. With quick and agile jumps, Samar began to climb the small ridge and, a little later, reached the top. Some large trees had grown there too. Although they were, perhaps, in the highest place they could find, they were still unable to see beyond a hundred steps.
“Wait here and keep watch,” requested the elf, while she placed her bow on her back.
Samar then began to climb the trunk of the biggest tree on top of the ridge. The agility she had was amazing. Soon after, the elf had almost reached the highest branch of the tree about thirty steps above the ground. The top of that tree had to be above those of the others. Erion was convinced that the elf would have a good view of the surroundings from there. The young man saw how Samar consulted the map and looked for a couple of different positions on the branch to be able to see in various directions. 
After a while, she descended. Samar jumped from branch to branch, always looking for the bottom one. She did it in a completely upright position, leaning only with her feet. It was as if she were walking, literally, through the tree. In a few moments, she was about five steps from the floor on one of the lowest branches of the tree. She fell after holding on to the last branch with her hands. It was a considerable height, but Samar cushioned the fall with great skill, and fell on the floor in a flexed position.
The stunts and movements based on finesse were some of the skills that made Erion stand out, but the young man understood that he'd have to try hard to keep up with that girl. Samar stood and Erion approached her.
“Are you okay? What have you seen?” asked the young man.
“Yes, I'm all right. I think I could locate us on the map,” Samar said as she pulled out the scroll, unfolded it and pointed. “I estimate that we are in this area. Far to the south, I could see the sea. In all other directions there is a very dense forest as far as the eye can see. The terrain is quite hilly in this region but in the far north, there's a large plain. I have not seen any city or town, although I'm sure there will be some scattered farms and small villages between the forests. I think I've spotted the valley where we're headed to the southwest. Closer, in the westerly direction, there's the cleft in the ground where we should find the cave. It's not too far away. Under normal conditions it would be an hour or two of travel, at best. But in this area, it will take us longer.”
“And also this heat,” Erion said. “We better get back to the others as soon as possible and get going. It's going to be night time before we get to the cave. We must find a place to camp.”
The young man watched the elf again. For Oris, she's so beautiful, he thought. Samar folded the map and handed it to him so he could put it away. When he took it, the young man slightly stroked the girl's hand unintentionally. They looked at each other. Erion felt his pulse quicken. Samar's incredible sapphire eyes looked away after a moment; Erion thought they were magical.
“It’d be best if we continue,” said the elf, almost in a whisper.
They started walking and headed back, trying to return through the same path they had just traversed. When they had been going for a while, Erion grew impatient. They should have already found the others, but they couldn't recognize the field. The whole forest looked similar. The young man understood that it was extremely easy to get lost in the thicket.
“The others should be here. It's better if we stop,” proposed Samar.
“I agree. We must try to find them without advancing or we may lose the reference,” Erion said.
“I'll try to climb a tree again to see if I can locate them,” said the elf as she began to climb the nearest tree. 
Erion waited impatiently as he watched her quick ascent admirably.

*******

Ithelas was taking samples of various plants and herbs and saving them with great care and attention in his bag. Mithir sat quietly against the trunk of a tree to make some notes in a small notebook while Thost grabbed timber and tried to make a fire. They didn't know how long the others would take, or whether they would have to spend the night in that place, so it was good to be prepared. Although they didn't need the heat of the fire, considering the climate of the place, it would help them scare off any animals, and it would also be necessary to prepare food. 
Thost used the flint and tinder that he had brought, but even with that help, he was struggling to light the fire. The wood, and everything around them, was quite humid and moist. That was when they heard a roar. There was a strange beast in the middle of the small clearing near them. They didn't understand how the animal had been able to reach them without anybody noticing. The beast looked like a tiger but was quite larger, standing on five legs. Its skin was a curious dark purple color.
Ithelas stood up and reached for his mace as he veered toward the center of the clearing. Thost was surprised. The beast was practically at his side, though it did not look at him directly. How could it have appeared there? Thost drew his sword without a clear idea of ​​what to do next. Mithir took the bag of reagents as he sat up and began to prepare a spell.
The beast began to move slowly toward Thost but it seemed not to approach him directly. It was as if it was going to pass him from the side. Anyway, Thost didn't trust this and was prepared to use the sword if the animal got too close. The young wizard then released his spell and the others watched surprised; they could suddenly see five Mithirs next to each other. Ithelas began moving slowly toward the center of the clearing, wielding his mace to be able to flank the animal with his father's position.
The beast was already very close to Thost and then stopped. It gave a small jump with its mouth open, as if it were ready to attack. But the jump launched it away from Thost slightly, who did not understand what was happening. Ithelas suddenly cried out in pain, as if something was biting his left arm, but he didn't see anything. He felt it let loose, but the pain was still unbearable. A gaping wound, which occupied his entire forearm, was bleeding profusely. 
The five Mithirs ran perfectly synchronized to Ithelas' position while they all indicated to Thost to stay where he was. The young magician was preparing another spell while walking. When he reached the cleric, he stopped and completed his spell. An animal appeared before him. It was a kind of gorilla but a bit smaller. Its eyes were lit in an unnatural red. The gorilla ran to attack and launched against the beast and tried to hit it as it reached it. But the blow pierced the space occupied by the monster as if there was nothing there. The gorilla almost fell to the ground, unbalanced by the momentum of the blow that didn't hit anything.
“What I feared,” Mithir said by gestures. “Thost, join us. Defensive position!”
Thost did as they asked without understanding what was happening. In a few strides he came to where the two young men were standing and put his back against Ithelas', while the five Mithirs watched with them. 
They saw then as the animal bit again, but this time no one screamed in pain. However, one of Mithir's images disappeared instantly. The gorilla kept striking the beast without reaching it. It was as if the monster was an illusion.
“Ithelas, Thost, look at my images. Look at the next one that disappears. When that happens, imagine that there is an invisible beast right beside the image that has vanished and attack it relentlessly. Pay attention!” Mithir mysteriously commanded.
Thost and Ithelas didn't understand much of Mithir's gestures but enough that they knew to look at the disappearing images and prepare to attack. Everyone waited impatiently. Then it happened again. Another of Mithir's images disappeared and the knight and the cleric launched against the void left in its place. Ithelas punched the air with his mace, making an effort because of the pain that the injury caused him. But he got nothing. Thost threw a few punches, trying to cover as much ground as possible. The first one cut the air uselessly. The second one hit something. 
Mithir then released his magic missiles spell, and four orange balls flew at high speed and crashed into whatever Thost had hit. The knight then launched another blow, trying to nail the sword, but his enemy was no longer there. They saw the beast moving through the center of the clearing, ignoring the gorilla, which was going crazy trying to fight his rival.
Another of Mithir's images disappeared, while the strange tiger roared and snapped. This time it was the cleric who managed to hit the enemy with the hammer. Then Thost continued searching the place where Ithelas had managed to hit, nailing the sword decisively. They saw a patch of blue blood that began to sprout around the sword. Blood was painting a sinister surface that now appeared in midair.
Mithir came and released a new spell. Fire sprang from his hands and projected forward like a flame focused where the sword had pierced. This made a much larger surface suddenly appear. It was the back of an animal. They could see what looked like burned hair. Thost saw the tiger in the center of the clearing scream with much of its back scorched. 
Thost had endeavored not to let the prey get off the sword and now everyone could see the hidden animal; at least a part of it. The knight retired the steel blade to strike again, harder this time. Ithelas did the same and hit the monster with his mace. They both managed two simultaneous impacts. The gorilla joined them then, blocking the way of escape that was left, and struck fiercely with both fists raised.
The beast turned and clamped down on the gorilla’s arm with its powerful jaws, and blood began to seep down from the immobilized limb. Father and son took the opportunity to launch a new series of attacks until they finally heard the monster collapse to the ground. Then the whole animal was revealed. It was identical to the tiger they had seen at the center of the clearing and they couldn't see now.
“What the hell was that?” Thost asked angrily.
“A tugrim,” Mithir said.
“A what ...?” said the knight, not understanding Mithir's strange gesture.
“I've read about these beasts,” Ithelas said. “They have a kind of hiding ability. They're not really invisible, but they project their image to another nearby location, so it's very difficult to know where they really are. I think they're called tugrims.”
“Exactly,” confirmed the young magician.
Ithelas began a short chant, and everyone saw as the horrible visage of his arm suddenly improved. However, it was obvious that the arm would need extra care. Ithelas' face, which had been flushed with pain from the bite, relaxed, slightly relieved. 
They checked up on the body of the strange beast. The skin had a curious texture and was very soft. Mithir gestured and the images that were left disappeared, leaving a unique figure on the scene. He then approached the head of the animal and, with a dagger in hand, carefully removed both eyes and carried them with great care. Ithelas asked him what he was doing but couldn't understand Mithir's explanations.
At that moment, they heard a kind of owl hooting. Ithelas then imitated the sound, reproducing it accurately. Again, they heard the owl, which now sounded closer, and again the cleric replied. After a few iterations, they saw Samar and Erion walking into the clearing.
“Wow! What happened here?” Erion asked.
“It attacked us by surprise and we had some difficulties,” Thost explained.
“Why does the animal have no eyes?” Samar asked.
“Mithir just extracted them. He has tried to explain why, but we haven't understood,” clarified Ithelas.
“Some alchemist will pay a good amount for them. It's our first booty in this adventure. The skin also has an important value, but I think we can’t afford to waste time skinning animals, especially one as big as this,” explained Mithir, this time accurately translated by his brother.
Erion and Samar updated the group on what they had been able to find. They all agreed that they should be off immediately and try again to get closer to the depression in which the cave was located before dark. Moreover, none of them wanted to stay in the clearing as there could be other animals like that roaming around.
Ithelas cured himself and left his arm placed in a sling; mostly for it to rest, as he explained to the others. He also applied some curative ointment Samar had bought in the city. They began, then, to walk in the direction that the elf indicated. Samar and Erion were leading the way, with Thost in the rear. Ithelas and Mithir were in the middle, with the latter pulling the mule that carried their gear.
They walked for a few hours when they noticed that the terrain slightly shifted and began to descend. It was already dark, and the visibility was now very low.
“We can't continue, not with so little light. We should camp here,” Thost said.
Everyone agreed that it was wise. So, they took part of the gear and set up two tents. They made a fire and organized the guards for the night.
Mithir entered his tent, carrying his backpack. As he did every night before bed, he opened it and took out his most precious possession: his spell book. In it he had recorded all the magical knowledge he had managed to accumulate over the years, as he was just beginning his career as a magician. He opened the book and began to go over the pages quickly while deciding the spells he would study for the next day. Like all magicians, he needed to perform this ritual and this study to be able to use its magical energy. 
The next day the group would go through the cave and reach the valley where the castle was located. Mithir didn't know exactly how long it would take, but it was reasonable to assume that the assault would take place the next day. Therefore, he decided to concentrate on attack spells and added some defensive ones, too. He began preparing spells with maximum concentration.
Thost entered the other tent where Ithelas was performing his daily prayers.
“How's your arm?” asked the knight.
“It still hurts, but it's much better. I just applied another dose of ointment. I hope that tomorrow it'll be practically recovered,” replied the young man.
“Good. We will need everyone in top shape.”
“I know. That's why I haven't spared in the use of our precious and expensive ointments. At least I didn't use any potion,” said the cleric.
“Don't worry about using what you need. Your healing spell repaired most of the damage in any case. Today we were very lucky. Mithir's images enchantment avoided a catastrophe. We probably would have beaten the beast, for it was only one, but in the process we would have sustained more severe wounds. Or worse, some of us could have died. We will have to be vigilant in this region of the country,” Thost said.
“Yes, surely there are many dangers out there. Now I must return to my prayers,” Ithelas said as he knelt again.
In the same way that the magician must study his spell book each night to use its magic on the following day, the cleric must perform a series of prayers to be able to use his. In addition, like the magician, he had to choose carefully what spells he would prepare within the limits of his magical energy, always thinking about which would be most useful during the following day.
Erion said goodnight to Samar and went into Mithir's tent. He decided not to bother him, seeing him so concentrated on his enchantments. He took off his light and flexible leather armor and lay down. It was difficult to sleep with that sticky heat. The climate approximated that of a sultry summer evening on the coast of Bor. Their bodies were accustomed to the rigors of dry and cold autumn in Bor Central and, suddenly finding themselves in that tropical forest, they hadn't had a chance to get used to it. It had also been a long day: four really eternal days from his adventures in the mansion of the Commander of Andon. So, gradually, fatigue overcame him and he eventually fell asleep.

*******

Erion walked down a hallway adorned with huge paintings on both sides. They were huge expressive paintings of great quality. The frames of the paintings were built with a combination of the richest woods and showed an elaborate hand carving. The hall had a vaulted ceiling that hung at a great height, at least fifteen steps high. The vault, like the hall, was divided into sections delimited by the finest white and stylish marble columns. Elegant arches connected the columns by drawing a spider in each section of the vault. One could observe an affluent and complicated ornamentation in each of the sections in which the vault was divided by the arcs.
The floor was constructed by marble and semiprecious stones and showed essentially three colors: white, green and pink. The joints between the various sections of pavement were marked in silver. They had been recently polished and every step shone with multicolored flashes. 
Many people were arranged on both sides of the aisle, in a perfectly symmetrical placement. They were dressed in the most luxurious and richest clothes that Erion had ever seen. The ladies showed spectacular jewelry of all types: rings, necklaces, earrings, bracelets. In many of them there were stones of great size. There was a bit of everything: emeralds, sapphires, diamonds and rubies. Some of the ladies had more visible valuables than all the gold Erion had attained in his life. Their dresses were made with the most sophisticated fabrics: silk, cashmere, satin and other fabrics that Erion couldn't recognize. The men didn't lag behind the women and revealed some clothes just as rich and elaborate. Many of them held scepters or other similar objects in hand, indicating positions of power. Most were made of gold and had large gems embedded. The most curious of everything was that they all looked at Erion and greeted him effusively and respectfully as he passed. Some of them even made small bows. 
Erion had reached the end of the hall and was now deeper in a circular room. The ceiling was a dome, also circular, that was more than a hundred steps in diameter and fifty steps high. It was even more spectacular than the dome of the hall that he had just crossed. It was smooth and completely covered by large incredible frescoes showing various scenes of life at fairs, caravans and stores. The expressiveness of the faces of the characters in the paintings, as well as the almost lifelike scenes, was what most impressed Erion.
The room was full of all kinds of dignitaries; there were about a couple of hundred people there. Their clothes and accessories were even more amazing than those of the people in the hall. Erion didn't even know how to describe it. He never imagined that such a luxury was possible. It was unlike anything he had ever seen, even remotely. Multiple lamps hung from across the ceiling and each had hundreds of lights. They all had ornaments that, at first glance, might seem glass. But Erion's trained eye realized that all those lamps were carved with diamonds. One of those lamps could rival all the treasures of the crown of most kingdoms.
At the back of the room there was a step of low height, just fifteen fingers, but had a large surface and shaped like a crescent. Above him was a large armchair in the center that looked more like the throne of an emperor of the Second Age. On either side of that big chair there were eight luxury chairs, of a very similar quality and design, although all of them were a bit smaller than the throne. They were symmetrically arranged following the shape of the crescent. In front of each of those sixteen chairs was a man who, by his bearing and the luxury of his clothes, Erion could define him as a king wearing his best uniform.
Erion walked slowly and ceremoniously through the center of the room while everyone present kept bowing as he got closer. Finally, he reached the half moon and one of the sixteen men, namely the one who was located to the right of the great throne, indicated with a respectful and proud gesture to take a seat in his place. Erion then saw that he pointed to the huge throne. Somehow he knew that this was his rightful place. 
When he finally stood in front of the chair and was about to sit down, he felt a huge pang in his side. It was as if a bee the size of a fist had sunk its big stinger and injected all its venom. The pain was unbearable and he felt himself faint.
Erion awoke when he felt gentle taps on his shoulder. He opened his eyes. It was Ithelas who was warning him that he would take the last watch. The young man stood up and slowly remembered the dream he’d just had. Again, as the dream of the swamp, it seemed unlike any other dream he had ever had. It was a hundred times more alive, a hundred times more real. It was as if he had actually been there. Only waking up in his bed did he realize it had been nothing more than a dream. The young man asked himself what it meant, and then his mind went back to his duties.
He didn't mind having to take the final watch. He had slept like a log the rest of the night and felt reasonably rested. The vigils when he was alone with Mithir were much more complicated. Everything was easier in a larger group like this one. 
They also had Samar. It was a luxury to have an elf because they didn't need to sleep. They only needed a strange kind of rest, which they called trance, for four hours each night. So, Samar had convinced them that she should always guard during the first half of the night. In this way, the others would only have to cover two guards after her. While this may seem a minor issue, it allowed the entire group to be more rested and stronger during the day. That freshness could determine the difference between life and death in battle.
Erion placed his crossbow at his back and climbed nimbly up a thin tree with few leaves in its canopy. The young man found that the visibility was good from there in all directions. It was almost dawn. Erion took a swig from his canteen. He had sweat a bit overnight and felt quite thirsty.
From there he could hear all kinds of strange sounds from the lush forest. Some of them corresponded, undoubtedly, to animals or beasts completely unknown to him. He put his hand under his shirt and pulled out the amulet he had around his neck. It was shaped like a dove. 
“The amulet!” Erion said. 
He had completely forgotten it, with everything that had happened. Yesterday he could have used it to recon the area and avoided Samar's whole exercise. And more importantly, they could have been there when the beast attacked and, perhaps, have avoided Ithelas' injury. Erion felt guilty. Later he would talk to the others.
He concentrated again on the guard. The camp's security now depended on him. They didn't know the dangers they could find in this strange and distant land. Yesterday had been a major wake-up call. However, the rest of the watch passed without major incident. The sun came out and not long after, you could already feel its heat; the colleagues began to rise one by one. Ithelas prepared a hot soup for breakfast and, after a while, everyone was sitting by the fire eating and making plans for the day.
When they finished, they put out the fire, collected the tents and loaded them on the mule. Erion explained about the amulet and that he felt that he hadn't recalled having that option. Then he made a small demonstration that left everyone surprised. He used the occasion to take a quick look around and orient himself in the right direction towards the depression where the cave was located. When he returned to the earth he shared with the others what he had seen.
“We're on a large island, as we imagined. Most of the island is covered by this forest, but the land in this area and beyond, to the south west, is more rugged, like a hilly area. The rest of the island looks plainer. I've also seen a walled city in the distance, to the east, but it's far, perhaps a day's journey,” said Erion.
They began walking. They were all fresh and rested but had to be cautious. Ithelas and Samar led the way and Thost brought up the rear, with the brothers at the center of the group. The foliage of the forest didn't let them see very far and it was an added difficulty in trying to orient themselves. They walked for about three hours until they reached an area where the ground began to descend. They followed the slope; the cave should be in the depths of the depression. 
Finally, they reached the slit. They had reached the edge of a kind of basin. The slope was much higher from there. Climbing equipment probably wouldn't be needed to descend but it would still be tough. They had to make some decisions.
“I don't think that the mule could go down here; certainly not with that load. Even without it, I don't think it could go down. Also, I'm not sure we can take it through the cave, if it's very deep,” Erion said.
“It's true. I think we'll have to leave it here,” Thost admitted.
“We have to take what is essential and leave the rest behind,” Samar said.
“We should find a place to bury or at least hide what we're not going to take and release the animal. This gives it a chance to survive,” the cleric said, supplicant.
No sooner said than done; they sought a place where there was a large rock with a small crevice. They unloaded the equipment and released the mule. The hardest thing was coming; they had to decide what to take and what to leave behind. It was too much equipment to be able to carry it all, especially through such rough terrain. 
The tents occupied a lot of space and though they were comfortable, they weren't essential. It was the first thing they placed under the crevice. They carried a lot of torches, possibly more than necessary. Mithir recommended each taking one and leaving the others behind, and they did. The food and especially the water weighed a lot, but they seemed indispensable. However, Ithelas told them to take only a small canteen each and some cornbread. He would take care of the food and water. Erion remained quite puzzled, but Mithir gestured to him not to worry because Ithelas knew what he was doing. Thus, they continued reviewing the inventory and left some things, but kept most in their backpacks. It's hard to leave something behind when you do not know if you'll need it. When they finished storing their belongings under the large rock, they placed a few sticks and stones in front to cover the opening and then two large branches that hid it perfectly.
They made their way back into the slot and began the descent. The slope was steep but there was plenty of vegetation such as small trees and some bushes, where they could lean to make a controlled descent. They continued down laboriously for half an hour. With the exception of a few slips and a scare, they reached the bottom of the slope without incident. They had not yet reached the deepest area of ​​the basin when they saw a large opening in front of them with an almost vertical drop. Fortunately, it was not very high, perhaps twenty steps. Erion fixed a rope in one of the nearby trees and descended, with great skill, running the rope and giving small jumps down with his feet on the vertical wall. In less than a minute he was down. As the opening of the slit was completely dark, they could hardly distinguish it. The rays of the sun were not vertical enough during this time of day to reach that part of the “basin.”
“Everything all right?” Ithelas asked loudly.
“Yes. No problem,” Erion replied.
“Can you see the cave?” asked Thost.
“Yes, I think so. I see an entry,” Erion said after a while.
They all took turns to go down. Erion lit his torch and they could see better where they descended and where they stepped. Thost was the last one down and soon everyone was gathered around Erion. They followed him as he walked to the opposite side of the wall to the entrance of the cave. They had found it.


CHAPTER 2: THE SOLDIER, THE GNOME AND THE WIZARD


The troops walked at a good pace on the way to the coast. Onaisour looked back feeling, for a moment, homesick for the place they had left the previous week. They had almost reached Kashgar, a small fort near the border. According to the colonel, they would then follow the Linde road to a place halfway between the border cities of Nubyshev and Comagne. They were probably a little more than a day's journey from their destination. By nightfall the next day, they could stop and finally get some rest. 
They had left their headquarters in Kiyats a week earlier. His muscles were numb from the cold weather and his feet were really sore. Luckily, they had gotten new boots at the previous season so, unlike what happened to some of their colleagues, they didn't have to worry about the stones of the road getting into their footwear through the holes in the sole. 
For the moment, the entire operation had been very strange. Whenever they could they avoided the main roads. Contrary to the usual, they did not stop to spend the night in the cities through which they passed, not even in the outskirts. They always camped in a forest, as if they were hiding. When a sergeant dared ask the colonel about this matter, he bluntly replied that the troops needed the exercise and contact with nature. The tone left no doubt that they should not ask about it again.
When the troops left their barracks, they said in the city that they were going to practice in the forests of the center of the County, and that they would return to their jobs in just over two weeks. However, exercises like these never required more than four or five days. What was even stranger, as they came out of their barracks and entered the roads, the flag holders were ordered to put away all the insignia and join the troops as any other soldier. Finally, after they entered the Mositus Mark, the colonel addressed them at the first break they took. He told them where they were going and said they were going to help their Mositus brothers, who were awaiting an orc attack. He also said that, at the risk of being accused of treason, they should not discuss with anyone that they had participated in this mission when they returned home. Everyone should keep the history of the troop exercises within the Kiyats County. They were also not allowed to question the origin of the other soldiers who they were going to find once they reached their destination.
Onaisour couldn't remember ever having a mission even remotely similar to that one. He had heard stories of the Hawks, the elite troops of the County, which had made inroads in the past in other areas, even in Fugor, always moving in secret. But those missions were always commissioned in small groups of no more than ten soldiers; he had never done anything like that for such a numerous troop. 
Onaisour was already a veteran soldier; that year marked his twentieth season in the ranks of the militia of the Kiyats County. He hadn't known another job other than being a soldier but, although he had fought in some skirmishes, at that time he hadn't participated in any major war. The threat from the kingdom of the orcs on the border of the marks was permanent and so, the counties lived a bit calmer, being far away from the border.
His companions were clearly nervous. A large-scale confrontation with the orcs would undoubtedly be a very dangerous episode. The orcs were tall like a man but much stronger; they were also ruthless, treacherous, cruel, brutal and were no less skilled with weapons than a professional soldier. They were responsible for terrible events, and when a little boy in Bor was told a scary story, it was often starring an orc. In the collective subconscious of the kingdom, the orcs represented everything bad and everything that you had to fear in the world. 
At the beginning of the Second Age they had conquered all the territory that Bor occupied today and had enslaved men, treating them with the utmost cruelty for almost a millennium. Only a long and terrible war, which lasted many centuries and was led and resolved by King Turin, returned their freedom. King Turin founded the Kingdom of Bor, as it was known today, and had been the greatest king in the history of that country. He had also been a brave and skillful warrior and an amazing leader. The weapons and armor of King Turin were the most famous relics that had existed in the kingdom, although they had been lost long ago. The legend said that they were objects of great power, especially the sword, that Turin, showing great courage, had used while gaining access to the lair of a dragon.
The memory of the stories of King Turin comforted, for a moment, Onaisour's heart. Their ancestors had managed to triumph over the orcs and he was a professional soldier; he was going to give it all he had. Freedom and the welfare of the kingdom could rely on that troop. 
“For Oris, for Turin, for Bor!” Onaisour cried, surprising the soldiers who were at his side a bit.
“For Bor!” said the entire troop at once, including the officials and the colonel himself.
It was a thunderous cry that echoed in every heart that headed to war. The colonel was happy that a soldier had spontaneously shouted the slogan of armies and militias of the Kingdom of Bor. It was their most sacred phrase, the one that the officials used to encourage their soldiers just before going into battle, the one that the troops repeated at the end of the solemn ceremonies during peacetime. The colonel made a mental note of the soldier who had shouted the cry, and decided he would sit him on his right, a place of honor at the dinner that night, so everyone could see. Behaviors like that should be rewarded, especially in this time of need.

*******

Every evening, before dusk, the magician went to his study, a luxurious crowded room of very old books and furniture, and sat at his crystal ball. Every night he invoked its magic and through the ball, checked carefully the bird's eye view of leagues and leagues of the frontiers of the kingdom. What he wanted was to be visible from a great distance, even at the height of the flight of a hawk. In this way he could cover large expanses of territory in a short time.
One afternoon, when he was beginning to get impatient, he saw a large troop formation, training and taking positions on a hill. They were carrying lots of heavy equipment, including catapults and crossbows. They had units of archers and soldiers and, though less numerous, also cavalry. There were transport and logistics units that accumulated numerous carts in the rear. Most of these troops were equipped to travel long distances relatively quickly. He could also guess a complete unit of sappers. A few of them had begun to dig trenches. 
Everything indicated that the troops were making forts on that hill. Given the number of archers they had, they would need long lines of trenches, which would be a lot of work. But with a unit of sappers, they could solve it in a relatively short time. 
The magician went to get his spell book. He reviewed and revised multiple pages until he found what he needed: a spell to transform the ground.

*******

Phoroz roamed the streets looking for a tavern called The Happy Pony. It was already dark when he finally found it. The elf hated taverns. But it was there where they had told him he would find the person he was looking for: Kurbus the gnome. 
He didn't have much time. He should perform the errand quickly and return to the court. Vargarr had asked him to undertake a number of tasks for him while he was absent from the capital. The lieutenant didn't like to be away from Deepcliff for several days in the row because it was the center of power where important decisions were made, and where his enemies and allies constantly made plans. These maneuvers were very important and Phoroz knew that his master would be gone almost two weeks. At least this was what he had expected. So Vargarr had distributed various tasks amongst his closest circle of men, one of whom was Phoroz.
Fortunately, Phoroz had a valuable ring of teleportation, allowing him to go almost anywhere in the kingdom in a blink of an eye, although he could only use it once a day. So he had reached Knocas, a small town on the edge of the Mark of Calen, near the border of the kingdom of the orcs and the Mark of Golsou, when that same afternoon he had been doing some errands for Vargarr in the capital.
Having no time to lose, he went in and walked straight to the bartender who was working behind the bar.
“I'm looking for a gnome. He calls himself Kurbus,” he said directly.
“And who is looking for him, if I may know?” the man asked.
“No. You can't know,” the elf unceremoniously snapped.
The innkeeper was embarrassed. He didn't expect such a response. This guy gave him chills with his red eyes and dark skin. Some would have labeled the dark elf, even, as unnatural. He had seen some of them in the past but fortunately hadn't had to deal with them often. The hairs on his neck stood on end. The man decided not to tempt fate and, looking down without saying a word, pointed to a room at the back of the tavern.
Phoroz said nothing and just headed there. He could hear a huge uproar. He couldn’t tell if the group of men was having fun or if they were fighting. Peering into the room, he saw a group of about eight people, all with large drinks before them. Four of them were badly singing a song, while the other four appeared to be engaged in a heated argument. Phoroz soon realized that they were all pretty drunk. 
In the group of arguing men, there was a gnome of about a step high that seemed to be fighting with everybody else at once. He reproached them while the veins of his neck were swollen, red with anger. The others retorted, with no less intensity, and all seemed to be against him. The dark elf could not understand the details of the discussion, but it appeared to be related to determining who was the best jousting knight champion in the kingdom.
Then one of the men who had argued for a moment must have lost control of his bowels because a fart sound echoed through the room. All the people arguing stopped and suddenly began to look at one another very seriously. Then, to Phoroz's surprise, the gnome burst into loud laughter and moments later, everyone in the room accompanied him. They all laughed and laughed. Given the precarious state in which they were in, one of the men fell from his chair with laughter, and kept laughing on the floor, making no attempt to get up. Several of them had tears running down their faces because of their decided and convulsive laughter. Phoroz didn't think the gnome could get any redder, swaying from fiery anger to hysterical conniption.
The elf had to wait a while for tempers to calm down; it did not seem appropriate to interrupt this moment of fraternization. Furthermore, he feared the reaction he might receive if he did. When he saw the laughing stop and arguments amended, Phoroz approached Kurbus and addressed him with great respect, presented himself and asked for a moment to talk to him. The gnome then tried to persuade him to sit with them and drink a large jug of beer, since they all were welcome there. The elf had to politely refuse four times before Kurbus stopped and agreed to sit down with him a few minutes away from the room.
With a relaxed mood, Phoroz said that he had heard of Kurbus' good qualities and his good knowledge of a part of the territory beyond the border, within Fugor. Mentioning this, the gnome's face became very serious. It was as if the level of alcohol had descended suddenly because from that moment his tongue stopped jamming as he talked and he quickly sounded sober.
Phoroz described the details of the mission they had for him and the reward he'd receive. Also, that they had little time and that they should leave together in the morning. The elf gave the gnome a gold bag with the advancement of his fees. Kurbus hefted the bag, assessing whether it was worth the risk and, after a moment's hesitation, left the bag on the table, right in the middle.
“I need to know more. I want to understand why I need to do this. Not every day people ask me to enter orc territory alone. What is the real purpose of this mission? What are you going to get if I'm successful?” asked the gnome seriously.
Phoroz was thoughtful. Kurbus's request was fair, but it put him in a bind. He had been asked to keep all the details limited to a minimum. After hesitating for a moment, he decided to tell the gnome the truth. 


CHAPTER 3: THE CAVE


The opening of the cave must have been about four steps high and six wide. From their position at the bottom of the depression, the group couldn't see anything of its interior, not even the elf. It was very dark. Erion approached the opening slowly and introduced the arm that was carrying the torch. Then he quickly retreated as he heard some unpleasant squeaks. They were a lot of small bats flying out of the cave at high speed. Probably they lay near the entrance, and the young man had bothered them. They seemed really scared.
Erion and the others were excited by the prospect of the adventure that they were about to face and understood that the real difficulties were yet to begin.
“We must prepare before entering,” Mithir said.
“Yes,” Ithelas agreed, “we don't know what we will find.”
Mithir began making strange gestures. He seemed to be casting a spell ... to himself. Ithelas then began a prayer and some of his gestures seemed to point to his father. Then they saw a ray of red light that united them both for a moment and then vanished.
“How long will the effects last?” asked the knight.
“Several hours. Until the middle of the afternoon, more or less,” said the cleric.
“What's that spell?” asked the curious magician.
“It's a protection spell. My father earns a defensive advantage and also half of his injuries won't affect him. They will be transferred to me. Which has certain advantages because I can heal more easily than the others in the midst of combat,” Ithelas said.
“Interesting. I have also protected myself with an armor spell, but this only works for me,” Mithir said.
The magician began releasing another spell, this time on his cane, and watched as the top of it began to emit an intense light. It shone brighter than Erion's torch. They all thought that with those two light sources it would be sufficient. Possibly with Mithir's it would suffice if they advanced close together, but they decided to keep the torch lit just in case. The magician then took several arrows from his backpack. The tips were painted with white chalk. 
“What I promised,” he said, as he handed them to Samar.
They all left their backpacks on the floor and adjusted their clothes and armor. Erion and Samar wore studded leather armor and Thost and his son wore chain mail armor under their doublets. Mithir only wore ordinary clothes. Samar prepared and carefully placed her quiver so as to access it without bothering her backpack. Then she took her bow and prepared an arrow. Thost drew his bastard sword and picked up a small shield with the other hand. Ithelas prepared his mace, but left his shield hanging from his back for now. Erion had his big crossbow in his arms with an arrow ready. He handed Ithelas the torch so he could be ready to shoot at any moment. The cleric agreed as he could use his free hand. 
Ithelas went in first, followed by Samar, Mithir, Erion and Thost. The cave was really dark. The torch lit about seven or eight steps in front of them, but farther than that they could not see a thing. As they were entering the ceiling of the cavern seemed to increase in height. They were going down slightly. The cave was wide and the floor alternated rocks and earth, though it was quite regular. Still, they tried to be careful of where they walked. 
Some parts of the wall of the cave were covered with green moss. It seemed to be a cave with a lot of moisture. The air was stale, heavy, as if it had no ventilation, but it was perfectly breathable, or so they thought.
After walking for a while they came to a sort of fork. The cave was divided into two paths: one continued to descend slightly to the right, the other seemed to go up, toward the left. Erion took the map that the dark elf had given them and reviewed it again. They found no useful information to tell them which path to choose. The map only contained information to help them locate the entrance to the cave, but didn't give any detail of what was inside, and Phoroz hadn't told them anything about it. After some discussion they decided to take the road to the left, with the hope that, because it ascended, it would be the way out. 
They went along the path with the same order they had kept so far. The cave began to narrow and the ceiling was again visible to them. After advancing for a while, they began to hear a sound. It was like a very faint beep. Then they reached another fork. This time the road was divided into three.
“This is more complicated than I expected,” Erion said.
“Listen. The sound seems to come from the left,” Samar said.
“It's true,” confirmed Ithelas.
They decided to continue in that direction. Perhaps the sound came from the surface, though none could identify what produced it. Suddenly they stopped ascending and a few steps ahead the path began to descend again. Soon they came to a place where the cave widened into a large cavern that seemed less dark than anything they had encountered so far. In the cave there were multiple giant orange mushrooms. Some also had white spots. They must’ve been more than a step in height and there were hundreds of them. All of them spaced out, covering the entire surface of the cavern and distributed almost symmetrically. There were several steps of separation between them, so it wouldn't be a problem crossing the whole room without touching them. 
Samar then pointed up to a corner at the back of the room. It was natural light. There seemed to be an exit there, but it would be complicated. They would have to climb the wall of the cave, perhaps a height of about fifteen steps. They'd need the climbing equipment.
They began to cross the huge cavern towards the opening, being careful not to approach any of the giant mushrooms. They had the opportunity to see them up close. They were very nice, with lively colors in the midst of the dark. They were also quite strange. They appeared to be of two different types. The ones with the white spots had a more conventional shape, while the others had strange long, slender green branches hanging from their cap, almost reaching the ground. They also had, at the bottom of the base, a lot of short vertical rods that reached the floor. It looked like the base of the mushroom was really leaning on those rods.
When they had crossed half the cavern, Ithelas stopped and asked them to do the same. Erion could see the cleric's face of anguish and preoccupation; he looked back to the way they had come with bewildered eyes. Suddenly they saw him open his eyes wide and said:
“They're moving!”
“What? Who?” Thost asked.
“The mushrooms, the orange ones! Look, there's almost no clear path for us to return,” Ithelas said, pointing backwards.
“Look. They are moving ahead also,” Samar said uneasily. “They're surrounding us!”
The group began to look in all directions. Indeed, it seemed like all the orange mushrooms had shifted slightly toward the center of the cave where the group was now situated, and they could not see any clear path in any direction. They saw, then, as the rods of the base of the mushrooms seemed to move slowly, as if they were a thousand little feet.
“They're raising their arms ... or whatever those are!” Erion said.
The strange thin green branches now stood in all directions, undulating as if they were the tentacles of an octopus of the plant kingdom. All the mushrooms had raised their tentacles at once in a surprisingly coordinated movement. The mushrooms with the white spots, however, remained motionless in the same place. Everyone in the group prepared their weapons, but no one was quite sure what to do.
“Let's try to breach their formation in that direction,” Thost said, pointing the way by which they'd come. “Shoot those two mushrooms!”
Samar shot first and hit one of the giant mushrooms in its head. The arrow struck and a viscous liquid began to flow from the wound. Then Erion fired his crossbow, hitting the second white mushroom, also getting a clear and similar result to that of the elf. Nevertheless, both mushrooms continued to move toward them and were closing in. Ithelas made one of his magical prayers and immediately said loudly that the tentacles of the mushrooms were poisonous, but that the other mushrooms that were still were not. 
Mithir was ready to cast a spell but stopped to evaluate what to do and finally decided to wait. The resources of a magician were powerful but very limited in number and a key to differentiate a good magician from a bad one was the ability to use these resources wisely. While Erion was engaged in the laborious task of reloading his crossbow, Samar could carry with agility and speed her bow and launched a new shot that hit the first mushroom. This second arrow caused the fungus to stop and then collapse to the ground.
Thost reassessed the situation and gave further instructions. The mushrooms were not as strong. But one blow was not enough. They knew that, at least in the head, they had some vulnerability. They could spot about three rows of closely spaced fungi which they would have to overcome to open the gap. This meant they would have to finish off at least six mushrooms to clear enough space to get away. They had to finish off five more, pointing in the same direction. The poisonous tentacles were quite long, about a step and a half, so it was better to stick with ranged attacks as long as they could.
Mithir decided to launch his orange shell spell. The first three balls hit the second fungus that was coming right behind the one that Samar had struck. The third impact made the mushroom collapse. The fourth and final projectile was facing the oncoming fungus that Erion had struck with his arrow. Even though, as always, the ball did hit its target, the mushroom kept going towards them. 
Finally, Erion had loaded his crossbow and fired again at the same fungus, but this time he rushed and just missed the shot. Samar fired an instant later, finishing the mushroom off. Three more now lay on the floor of the cave marking an opening in the closed line of enemies, but it was still not enough to see a way out. The siege continued, narrowing on them, and their time was running out. The fungi were almost upon them. 
Mithir understood they would not have enough time to clear a path before the mushrooms reached them. He also understood that a combat against many enemies around them would pose serious consequences for the group, possibly even fatal ones. So he decided to use more drastic measures. He prepared a spell that he had used in the previous days and a crackling fire ball left his hands at high speed against their enemies. It crashed into one of the mushrooms in the second line, in the area where they had concentrated their attacks. The blast of the impact reached ten fungi. The air was filled suddenly with a stinking smell of fried mushrooms. Almost all that were directly hit fell dead to the ground. Finally they had a wide enough gap to escape. 
The group started running back to the cave they had entered. They crossed the enemy front stepping over the dead fungi. They had to step on some of them, but everyone tried to avoid any contact with the tentacles lying inert on the ground. They had managed to cross beyond the fence when Samar, running up the group, noticed a puncture in her right ankle. One of the defeated mushrooms was not dead and had managed to lift one of its tentacles, grabbing her just as the elf was about to be out of reach. Thost immediately appeared and struck the tentacle with his sword; it was severed instantly. Samar continued walking, with a strong limp, with the help of the knight. The group was safe back in the cave. The cave dipped at a slightly lower level, about a step down. They were definitely out of the reach of the fungi.
Samar suddenly felt very weak and dizzy. Ithelas removed the remains of the tentacle using a knife, being careful not to touch it. The cleric examined his friend and reported to the group that Samar was poisoned. The poison did not seem threatening, but it did have a great weakening effect and that weakness was likely increase during the next hour. Ithelas took a bag of herbs from his backpack and, after selecting a few, he crushed and mixed them with a little water. Then he gave it to the elf for her to drink. 
“This will stop the spread of the poison, although it may not cure your symptoms. In a little while we'll examine you again and decide whether to use more powerful medicines,” said the cleric.
“I feel a little weak, but I think I'm fine. I'd rather not have to use one of the antidote potions. They are extremely expensive. Can't you give me some more of that concoction later?” Samar asked.
“Sure we can. But it probably won't help you improve. The symptoms should go away naturally in one or two days. We can decide a little later what to do depending on how you feel. Can you walk?” asked Ithelas.
“I think so,” said the elf.
The group resumed the march. Erion and Thost led in the front, Ithelas closed the formation and Samar, walking while leaning on Mithir, stayed in the middle. She still limped but at least could move forward. They retraced their steps to the junction. There they took another trail of the fork. Not long after they returned to the same crossing. The two paths they hadn't explored were connected to each other. They had two options. They could return to the cave of the giant mushrooms, break through them and then climb the steep wall to the skylight, hoping that it communicated with the outside. At least this time the mushrooms would not catch them by surprise. The other option was to return to the main cave where there was another downward path that they had not explored yet. After some discussion they decided that the mushrooms would be a difficult choice for sure and they were not even sure that after all the effort of climbing to the skylight they could access the castle’s valley. So, they agreed to try the other option.
They walked slowly and with caution, alert to any sound or sign of danger. But all seemed quiet. A while later, they again reached the fork and decided to stop there. 
“How are you feeling, Samar? It's been a while. Have you noticed any improvement?” asked Ithelas.
“I'm afraid not. My leg remains asleep and I still feel a little weak and dizzy,” said the elf.
“Samar is not well. In fact, I do not think she's in fighting condition. You have to do something, Ithelas,” Thost requested.
“I agree. If she hasn't improved, we can probably expect her not to do so for one or two days. We do not have a lot of time and we need the whole group in good condition. Samar, I'm giving you a potion,” Ithelas said.
The elf reluctantly accepted, and eventually took the bottle that the cleric gave her. Then they waited. A while later, Samar began to feel her strength returning and stood up vigorously. She did several push-ups with her knees and finally confirmed that she felt perfect again. With a smile she picked up her bow and prepared an arrow.
“Should we continue?” she said to the others as she walked by the last path they had yet to explore.
“Give me a second. I'm really thirsty,” Erion said.
They agreed that it was a good moment to drink some water, and also took the opportunity to eat something quickly. Then Ithelas threw a spell on his father, explaining to the others that it would provide much more strength for a few hours. They should be prepared for what might come. The cleric also enchanted some stone projectiles that he could use with his sling and then took it with both hands, ready to use it at any time.
“I know that the mushrooms caught us a little by surprise, but aren't you making too many preparations?” Mithir asked.
“We don't know what awaits us in the cave, and the fact that it continues to decline makes me uneasy. I don't know why. I want to be ready,” said the cleric.
“Just be careful not to consume all your spells early. We haven't even reached the castle,” Mithir said.
It was a good point. Ithelas knew he had to be careful or very soon he'd be limited only to helping the group with his mace. They set off again, Thost in front. The cave was completely dark. If not for the lights they had, they wouldn't even see five fingers under their noses. The cave spanned out more and more and finally stopped descending. 
After walking for a while they began to hear a few screeches of many creatures. Mithir, carrying the magic light on his cane, asked them to stop. Then he moved a couple of steps forward and with a gesture increased the intensity of his light for a few seconds. They could see a much greater distance, perhaps twenty steps. During those few moments they could make out a huge scrum of small black rats. There must have been a couple hundred of them and they headed towards them in a chaotic but determined way. The rats occupied the entire width of the cave so it would not be possible to avoid them. The shrieks had increased their volume and frequency. The rats were accelerating.
“I think they're hungry,” Samar said.
“It's possible,” Thost admitted. “This may be a more dangerous situation than it looks.”
Mithir began to murmur and made gestures. He was preparing a new spell, one he hadn't done in quite some time. With the last of his gestures, the magician pointed to the bottom of the cave from where the rats were approaching. The intensity and frequency of the screeches began to decline; now they heard only a few isolated ones. Mithir started walking and asked with a gesture to follow him. Soon they had reached the group of rats. The vast majority lay on the ground, motionless. Only a few were moving, jumping or surrounding their companions.
“Are they dead?” Ithelas asked.
“No, just asleep,” said Erion, who had already seen the same spell in action in the past. “We must move away as soon as possible for them to lose our trail.”
They began to cross the field of rats careful not to step on any. It was very difficult but with small jumps they were making it. The rodents appeared to be asleep and none of them woke up, not even when one of the group accidentally stepped on their tails. The animals that were awake watched them closely, but none of them dared to approach them. They now probably felt inferior, after seeing their reduced number. Soon after they had crossed all and were standing on the other side. They set off again at a good pace, trying to leave behind that area quickly. None of the rats that were awake tried to follow them.
The cave had several twists and led them now slightly upward. A myriad of whitish stalactites hung from the ceiling of the cave on this stretch, where the rock walls took capricious and complicated forms. The cave began to expand again and the air seemed heavier there. After walking for a while longer paying a lot of attention, the cave returned to have a more uniform structure. The climb gradient was now more pronounced. The cave had halted its winding turns and ran straight up. A bit later, they all rose snorting or breathing hard.
The evening had begun. It was hard to know what time it was exactly, but their guts seemed to clearly indicate that it was later than the lunch hour. They stopped for a moment to drink some more water. The temperature had risen considerably. The heat seemed excessive for a shadowy underground place like that was. Erion wanted to think that this indicated that they were near the exit but he didn't want to get his hopes up.
They continued walking and the temperature continued to rise even more. That level of heat wasn't normal for a place like that. The cave now was about five steps wide by four steps high and the ground was leveled again. The cave's walls showed numerous openings, such as mini tunnels, which were little more than a step high. It would have been possible for them to go through them by ducking and moving forward in a very uncomfortable way, but no one was interested in trying it, so they continued along the main cave hoping to reach the exit soon.
They began to hear strange clicking noises, difficult to compare to any other sound. They looked forward and there were two strange beings ten steps ahead; the best way to describe them would be upright ants on two feet, almost the same height as a human being. Their heads were crowned with two antennae that occasionally moved. Their strange jaws opened and closed constantly. They had huge, black, opaque eyes that totally lacked any expression. Their four arms were busy carrying different weapons: knives, swords and a spear each. 
The “ants” prepared their arms and threw their javelins. Samar dodged the one heading towards her, thanks to her incredible agility. Mithir wasn't so lucky and took a direct hit in the abdomen. The monsters were very quick and agile and apparently very skilled with weapons.
Ithelas helped Mithir and took the spear out. He had a large wound that required immediate attention, but when Ithelas moved to start curing him, Mithir motioned him away with an urgent gesture. Samar drew her bow but her arrow rebounded off the ant's back. It must have been really hard. This fight looked bad. Mithir prepared a spell and everyone could see how his outline blurred considerably. It was perfectly visible, but his figure was not well defined; he was like ... unfocused. Ithelas said a quick prayer. The magician could recognize a double spell that would give them, at the same time, a slight advantage in attack as well as a small penalty to their enemies. Erion fired his crossbow and, although he hit his target, the arrow once again bounced off. Finally, Thost raced with his bastard sword and shield and launched against the two enemies. If the arrows weren't useful, it was better to engage in hand-to-hand combat soon.
Samar aimed again with her bow and they watched as this time she tightened it to the maximum with great effort. Samar moved aside to avoid Thost, who was about to reach the enemies. She shot, but once again the ant's hard shell prevented the projectile from landing true.
“Why don't you put them to sleep as you did with the rats?” Samar asked the magician, frustrated.
“I've exhausted the magic of that kind that I could use today. In addition, this spell only works with weaker beasts. I don't think that it would work against those two,” clarified Mithir.
Thost came by the first ant and, before he could even raise his sword, the monster threw a three-punch combination with its three arms that still carried a weapon. He stooped the blow with the short sword, but the other two arms were wielding long knives and both crashed into the knight's body. The first tore his chest and, though his clothes were damaged, the chain mail had protected him from any injury. The last knife, however, managed to open a wound in his left shoulder. 
Erion left the crossbow, drew his short sword and threw himself into the race to cover Thost's flank. The knight wouldn't last long by himself against those two monstrous warriors. Thost then threw two very powerful blows. Ithelas' empowering magic was probably still active. The first hit the ant with a brutal force to one of its arms, breaking it off with a great snap. The ant somehow managed to stop the second blow by crossing its sword against the knight. The monsters also had immense strength. 
Ithelas finally decided to magically cure the magician. The wound was still bleeding and there was no choice but to act. The magician did not object this time. Again, before Erion could manage to reach and attack the second ant, it stepped forward and launched a combination of blows at a blistering pace. Erion dodged two of them barely, but the third hit him squarely. The blow sent him flying backwards onto the floor. Although Erion was very agile, it was impossible to dodge so many arms that fought together with such skill. The ant seized the moment and moved, threatening to finish off Erion, who was slightly stunned. That's when Samar, who had assembled her bow again, shot again, this time hitting the ant in the middle of one of its eyes. The monster gave a shrill, eerie cry, which must have been heard throughout the cave.
Erion used the time to stand up and take a dagger from his belt. He couldn't waste time looking for his short sword, which was lying somewhere on the floor of the cave. The wounded monstrous ant took small hesitant steps backward. Erion jumped on it and stuck his dagger in its remaining good eye. It was a risky move but the ant couldn't stop the attack and suffered another fatal wound. Before Erion could take the dagger out, the monster shook him off in a blow that set him back a couple of steps. Fortune wanted Erion to fall on his own sword; as he felt the cold steel against his shoes, he seized the moment to pick it up again.
Thost continued to struggle against his rival; they exchanged a string of hits. The knight managed to stop one of the attacks with his shield, but received two wounds in his side and, again, on his left arm. Ithelas began to bleed from the wounds as the knight received them. The damage transfer spell, which had some of Thost's wounds end up on the cleric's body, was still active. Thost struck with great strength and reached his enemy in the leg and abdomen. The blow bounced of its abdomen, apparently without consequence, but the shell that covered the leg was cracked and his opponent began to move with a slight limp.
The ant that had been blinded was not, however, out of action. Somehow, it could feel its way, and seemed to be able to know the location of its partner because it positioned itself at its back, protecting it. It still had its weapons, as if threatening whoever got close. The antennae on the ant's head moved incessantly, perhaps trying to sense movement nearby. Erion moved decidedly with his short sword, hitting the creature's chest, but its hard shell seemed to be no match for the blows that the young man could make. The ant threw a pair of slashes in the air, which Erion managed to dodge only barely. The monster was far from being helpless.
Multiple clicks began to be heard at the end of the tunnel, behind the group. Mithir, Samar and Ithelas turned and saw a group of about five or six ants approaching, armed like the others. This group also wore steel helmets that protected their heads. The helmets had two holes through which the antennae protruded, but, moreover, were similar to those of any knight. The situation was becoming mortally dangerous, even desperate. Without a second thought, Mithir conjured his fireball against the new group that appeared from the rear. The ball hit one of the ants that was walking along the center of the cave. The impact of the violent explosion covered the entire width of the tunnel. All of the ants received severe burns, but none seemed to be mortally wounded. After hesitating for a few seconds, they continued to advance, albeit a bit more slowly.
Ithelas then began a prayer that sounded somewhat overwhelmed. Samar saw how the helmets of two of the ants began to get bright red, as if they were glowing. Both monsters started screaming desperately. They tried to take the helmets off, but the heat seemed to have attached them to their bodies and all they managed to do was burn their hands too. Among the fireball and this new spell, an unpleasant smell was beginning to waft throughout the cave. 
Samar reached into her quiver and took out the special arrows that Mithir had given her. She placed one of them in her bow and, after pointing with extreme care, shot. She managed to go through a thin opening in the hull that facilitated visibility. The cry of the ant and its movements seemed to indicate that she had possibly reached one of the huge ant's eyes. 
“Mithir!” she said almost desperately.
With a simple gesture of the magician, something happened under that helmet because they watched as the dead ant collapsed after hearing a horrible snap. Strange green and viscous juices gushed from the bottom of the hull. Although the helmet wasn't broken, it had been strangely deformed, bulging out in places. Despite all this, three of the six ants of the group continued to advance towards them and were only six or seven steps away.
Meanwhile, the fight continued between Thost, Erion and the two ants. Thost received two more wounds to his left arm and felt it unresponsive. His arm went limp, helpless, and he couldn't hold the shield. This left him more vulnerable. Besides being skilled, the ants had military training and knew how to find their opponent's weaknesses. The knight, enraged, threw two punches to his opponent and managed to disable one of its arms. Similar to what had happened to him, its arm hung motionless from the ant's body and failed to continue holding the sword. But the arm that had carried the spear before, and had been free since then, picked up the weapon with a sigh. It still had two arms and two weapons with which to fight. This was becoming a nightmare.
Erion tried again to throw a couple of attacks against his rival. But he failed to cause any damage and, once again, could barely avoid getting hit by its counterattacks. The young man saw how the situation in the rear was becoming even more desperate. This could be the end of them all.
Although this wouldn't happen if Mithir could do something about it. The magician prepared a new spell and soon the entire space of the cave, separating them from the group of ants in the rear, was covered by a kind of glossy fat. The ants began to slip and three of them fell. They got up again with great difficulty, but with every step they took they had a greater risk of falling. The monsters were moving slowly.
With the injuries he was suffering, Ithelas could barely stand. He had no choice but to use a healing spell, which although didn't help him recover completely, did manage to significantly improve his appearance. Samar understood that they had to seize the opportunity. The ants coming from the back would reach them at any moment and that would be the end for them.
“Follow me!” she screamed at the magician and the cleric. “We should reload and try to overtake the ants at the front, and then try to escape.”
She said it loudly so Thost and Erion could hear as well. In one of the movements they had rehearsed, Samar asked the knight and the young man to get down. Although for a while this would leave them unprotected, the elf would have a clear line of fire. As she walked, Samar placed another chalked arrow in her bow and, as the knight crouched, fired almost point-blank at the monster. Samar had tightened the bow with all her strength and managed to penetrate the shell in the lower abdomen. The body of the monster was a bit narrower there and Samar rightly held that the shell would also be less thick there. Still, a shot with less tension, or made at a greater distance, would have failed to penetrate. The wound itself did not pose a deadly situation for the ant, but those arrows were special.
With a new gesture from the magician, they all saw, suddenly, the arrowhead increasing enormously in size. It should be about six fingers wide. The steel tip would likely weigh more than a half arrobe. It was more like a catapult projectile, of those used in a siege, than a conventional soldier one. Moreover, as the projectile had suddenly expanded from inside the monster's body, it should have caused enormous damage. The ant fell to the ground dying but not dead.
Thost started screaming angrily and then raced forward passing between the two ants. They all followed. The monster that had fallen to the floor no longer had a chance to cause more problems. Its companion, however, was throwing punches and slashes in the air, on both sides, as it perceived its enemies passing within range. In the process, Ithelas and Erion received two wounds to the shoulder and abdomen respectively, but nothing that was severe enough so they could not keep running. 
Finally, the group had managed to overcome their enemies and leave them behind. They ran with determination and anguish through the cavern that was beginning to ascend again. They prayed not to find more enemies ahead because the group was too battered to be able to survive something like that. Noises in the background, behind them, seemed to indicate that they were still pursuing them. 
They ran and ran for a while. The violent rise in those dark and warm tunnels was leaving them breathless. They realized that the tunnel's structure changed again. It was wide again, but now the rock was uniform. They no longer saw the openings on the walls they had found in the cave inhabited by the monstrous ants. 
They continued running with renewed resolve. Samar saw a slight flare at the bottom. The total darkness began to yield to soft lighting. At the end of the cave they managed to see an opening where daylight came in. They were at the limit of their endurance but they had little to go; fifty steps later they had reached the exit.
The opening of the cave led out to the side of a cliff over the valley, about ten or twelve steps high. They had to descend carefully, although the trek was short. Finally, they reached the valley. No trace of their pursuers could be seen. They were safe. Or so they hoped.

*******

Ro'khar was preparing his morning tea when someone knocked on the door of the warehouse. He went to see who it was. On opening the door he saw a carrier who delivered him a note, pointing to three carts that were located outside the door. Ro'khar couldn't believe his eyes. Another delivery! The three carts were loaded to the brim with merchandise. The young man did not know what he was going to do with all that. The warehouse was packed with goods.
Ro'khar ran a warehouse that was located just outside Gabolake at the Golsou Mark. He had recently had a lot of work. The warehouse was a part of the infrastructure of the company of his boss, who made weapons and armor. For some reason, during the last month, an enormous amount of product had entered: three or four times more than usual. However, the rate of output had not changed, so that the warehouse had quickly filled. 
Ro'khar had made several changes in the organization of the shelves and had managed to optimize space but, at this point, he had run out of ideas. There was no space left. Well, he still had his small office. If he cleared his table, he could store more goods there. He opened the gate and instructed the carrier where to unload. The assistants who worked with him had not yet arrived. In theory, the warehouse opened a half hour later, so he'd have to wait for them to be able to store everything.
Earlier that week, Ro'khar's boss had visited the premises. The young man had used the visit to ask what was happening, but he hadn't gotten a clear answer. His boss urged him not to worry, that he knew what he was doing. Somewhat later he managed to pry some vague comments about a looming conflict that would completely change the structure of the weapons market, and that they'd be ready to benefit from this.
Ro'khar, who was really neat, punctual and organized, had enjoyed his work since he had been selected to lead that warehouse almost two years before. He really hoped that his boss was right because he'd hate if the company had problems. He'd hate to lose his job.

CHAPTER 4: THE VALLEY


They entered the valley, which ran as a relatively narrow gorge, guarded on both sides by steep slopes hundreds of steps high. It would have been very difficult and certainly dangerous to access the valley by the flanks given the rough terrain. A brief winding stream ran through the middle of the depression. 
The terrain and late hour assured that the hollow was already in shadow. It was a narrow valley, quite cold, almost creepy. In any case, the temperature, even in the valley, was much higher than in Bor at that time of the year, although it was clearly lower here than all they had felt since they came to that island. The land was not totally barren, but the vegetation was much more limited than they had seen in the surrounding territories. The trees stood alone or in small groups, and most of the land was covered with ugly bushes. The scene revealed a huge contrast with the exuberance, the lush and vibrant colors of the jungle that, according to what Samar had seen, occupied almost the entire island. It was as if life, or a good part of it, had been on the verge of that damn place.
At the bottom of the valley, crowning a huge bluff, was the castle where they were headed. It was very large and even at this distance of nearly half a league, they could distinguish it perfectly. The cliff was almost a totally vertical slope. The castle was situated at a considerable height above the valley. They would have to get much closer to gauge the best way to access it.
They walked for a while through the bushes and trees scattered along the ground and when they had walked away a reasonable distance from the cave, they entered a more dense tree formation and stopped. The group's situation was nothing short of pitiful. Thost, Ithelas and Erion had multiple injuries, and some were serious. The magician and the cleric had almost exhausted their magic, having used most of the spells that were available on that day. Samar had had to use two of the six special arrows Mithir had made for her. They had no water and, at this point, they had almost finished their scarce food supply as well.
Ithelas began checking the injured one by one. He completed the basic cures, but some of the wounds were too significant. He consumed almost all his remaining spells in making correct magic cures and cured most but not all of the wounds. Then he made one last spell and a rock on the floor began to sprout water. He asked everyone to drink as much as they could and then they all filled their canteens. Shortly after, the outbreak of water stopped.
Erion distributed some corn bread with a piece of dried meat and they all ate hungrily. It was not more than a snack, but they couldn't risk hunting or making a fire in that damn place at that moment. Stealth was one of the few advantages they had. Although the food was very light, they all found it comforting. The evening was well advanced but they still had a couple of hours of light. 
Thost's chain mail was broken in two places and his left shoulder and part of his side were no longer protected. Ithelas explained that he could do something to fix it in the morning with his magic but, for now, he'd have to wait. Magicians and clerics replenished their magical energy with resting at night, and what they could do throughout the day was always limited to their experience and power.
After re-arming themselves as best they could, they set off again. This time Samar was ahead, leading the way through the valley. Although they walked slowly and with caution, it took them less than an hour to reach the ridge of the castle. Seen from up close it was even more impressive. It was about forty or fifty steps high. The elevation was pure rock with hardly any vegetation or other ground. The slope was vertical and in a number of areas the rock was completely smooth, without protrusions or irregularities.
Erion asked them to wait there, hidden in the bushes, and went to have a look at the terrain. He tried to use his amulet again, but this time the magic did not work. The young man quickly understood that because he had already used it earlier in the day, he would have to wait until tomorrow to regenerate its magic. Erion walked stealthy and returned a while later on the opposite side of the promontory. He had walked all the way around. 
The young man explained to the group that the ridge, which was located in the center of the valley, was equally steep all around, with almost perpendicular slopes. In addition, the entire upper half of the mountain had very smooth rock which would be almost impossible to climb. The height of the promontory was similar all around and had no less than forty steps at any point. 
Near the front of the castle there was a much narrower cliff. It was about fifteen or twenty steps from the cliff of the fortress. A double drawbridge was leaning on it to form a channel entry from outside the valley. One section of the bridge was accessed from the castle, the other from the edge of the valley. They both descended from its position to lean on the rock. Erion said that there was a garrison of soldiers at the end of the valley guarding the first drawbridge. They should be about ten, at least. The young man was convinced that another guard had to protect the other drawbridge from the castle but couldn't verify it.
In short, it would be almost impossible and probably suicidal to attempt to enter through the front door. On the other hand, it was almost impossible to climb the elevation, given the height, but above all, the impregnable smooth wall on top.
“Perhaps we could tie two ropes together, to have a sufficient length and then throw the hook hoping it fixes on a rock on top of the cliff, near the base of the fortress,” proposed Ithelas.
“I had already thought of it. But the height is such that not even Thost, empowered with your magic, could get the hook more than a half arrobe of weight to that height,” said Erion.
“It's true,” confirmed the knight. “It is too high to try.”
“What if we shoot the hook with a bow or crossbow?” Mithir said.
“It's too far away. Not even with an arched heavy crossbow could we reach such a height,” Samar said.
The group was thoughtful for a moment. They were running out of ideas.
“Erion, do you think you could transform into a dove and fly the hook to the top of the cliff?” asked the knight.
“I don't think so. First, I don't have any transformations left today, so we'd have to wait until tomorrow. And more importantly, I doubt that a dove would have enough strength to fly with all that weight. I could try, but I think it's almost impossible that I could make it,” said the young man. 
They stopped again to think for a while about other options. Those who had built the castle in that place had known what they were doing. It was virtually impregnable.
“I have the solution. I'll take the hook up and fix it in place. Then you will be able to climb using the rope. But I can only do it tomorrow,” Mithir said with gestures.
“Wow! And how are you going to do that?” Thost asked, surprised. “No. Don't tell me. Surprise me.”
“I think we've exhausted all the other options. This means we have to spend the night in the valley,” said the elf.
Erion led the way this time, as they retraced their steps in silence. They didn't go far; basically to the first formation of trees they could find. There weren't many but enough to safeguard them from prying eyes. When they reached the center of the clump of trees, they began to improvise a small camp. Thost demanded they not make a fire. They would become visible from a great distance. The lack of fire would leave them more exposed to possible nocturnal beasts that dwelled in the valley, so they agreed that that night they would perform double guards: two lookouts overnight. 
Before they set up camp, they discussed for a long time if that was the right place or whether they should move further away from the castle. In the end they felt that this place was as good as any. The whole valley was accessible to the vampire, with a short flight. And, perhaps, it was most likely to go unnoticed camping almost at the foot of the castle; it was certainly much bolder.
They rolled out their sleeping bags in a small circle and then sat down to eat. They had very little food, and during that dinner they consumed everything they had left. At least they still had water. In addition, the cleric explained that he could supply them with more water the next day.
Samar separated from the rest of the group, promising not to go beyond fifty steps. It was night and the elf thought that she wouldn't be as visible hunting at that time than if she tried it in the morning. She returned an hour later with two small squirrels. They couldn't make a fire, so they kept them for the next day.
They went to sleep. During the night they heard several animals such as parrots and similar birds and other sounds that they couldn't recognize. Fortunately, no beast bothered them that night. They were much more concerned about the vampire who lived so close. Nighttime was its greatest strength and, therefore, the group's weakness. If the vampire, or his henchmen, found out they were there, they would have no chance. For the same reason everyone agreed that it was more reasonable to wait for the arrival of daytime for the assault.
Nobody could sleep well that night. They all anxiously awaited the arrival of the morning. When they perceived the dawn peeking behind the hills surrounding the valley, they were relieved, but their peace wouldn't last long. That day they'd have to perform the most dangerous task of this adventure. 
It had been four nights since their meeting with Phoroz. The deadline their client had given them required them to be back and deliver the box before midnight of that day. Fortunately, they had the scroll that would open a portal that would take them back. In any case, they had only that day to complete their mission.
After the rough night, everyone was a bit tired in the morning but pleased to have survived without other incidents. They collected their things and left everything perfectly packed with their backpacks. After some discussion, they decided to leave their equipment there, ready to be easily collected. They all carried the objects they believed were absolutely indispensable: weapons, potions, scrolls, armor, shields, amulets and other useful or valuable objects. They also carried a good-size empty bag on their backs, so they could save what they found of value.
As promised, Ithelas used magic to repair his father's chain mail with a couple of spells. Mithir handed Erion his dagger to replace the one he lost in the cave. Erion did not want to take it because it was almost the only weapon the magician had, but his brother told him he couldn't do much with it.
They discussed the strategy and, after a while, agreed where and when they'd try to open the portal to escape and what steps they'd follow once inside the castle. Then the magician and the cleric cast protection spells. Mithir repeated his magic armor spell, which he had used the day before. Ithelas recast his ogre power spell on his father, and Thost thanked him sincerely.
So they made their way to the base of the cliff, and didn't take long to get there. Erion used his amulet and ascended to flight over the valley, while the rest of the group waited hidden behind some bushes. The young man returned after a while and after settling in the bushes, regained his usual form. Erion shared with the others what he had learned and then they moved thirty steps to the right to wait, glued to the walls of the cliff.
Erion took his rope and his brother's and joined them with a knot. Each rope had a length of twenty steps. They also decided to attach a third rope, because they weren't completely sure that two would be enough. They set the hook to the free end of the first rope and handed it over to the magician.
“Well, now it's your turn, Mithir. Surprise us,” said the knight.
Mithir placed the hook and a couple of turns of rope around his back, over the side of his neck and below his shoulder on the opposite side. Then he began to cast a spell that he hadn't used in a while. When he finished, the cleric could not suppress a small laugh.
“Interesting,” Ithelas said. “An excellent solution, Mithir. Good luck.”
Mithir began climbing up the wall with his bare hands. Whenever he wanted to move, he simply supported the palm of his open hand on the rock, and then the tip of the corresponding foot. He was going up very easily. He occasionally stopped to take a breath, but it seemed like he was adhering to the wall. It was as if he was a spider climbing up the rocks. Not even when he reached the top half of the ridge, where the structure was much smoother, had he any difficulty. Actually, he went up that part even faster than he did at the bottom. By not having to dodge any ledge, his ascent was perfectly vertical, without deviating even once. 
Shortly after, the magician had reached the top. The young man disappeared from their line of vision when he arrived there. Soon Erion tightened the rope slightly at the base of the cliff and waited. After a moment he felt a couple of minor pulls. It was the sign that everything was set up for them to begin ascending. 
Samar went first, with great agility and ease. She was followed by the cleric, with a lot more difficulty; not so much in the first part of the course as in the second. It was obvious that this exercise was a considerable effort for Ithelas. In the end, breathless but happy, he reached his goal. They were careful that no more than two people climb at once. They wanted to climb as fast as possible without risking a broken rope, or even one of the knots loosening. 
Thost then rose and then Erion, closing the group. The knight also had to make a major effort because of all the weight he was carrying: chain mail, bastard sword and large shield. Still, he managed to climb faster than Ithelas. Thost was very strong and that counted for a lot in that exercise. Erion went up without major difficulty, with the same agility as the elf.
A while later they had all reached the top of the cliff. Erion quickly picked up the rope and they all approached the base of the castle wall. There was a large rock there, under which the group waited and squatted, glued to each other. They wanted to avoid being spotted by any guard who might be patrolling along the castle wall. On the perimeter they could see that that was the only place where they could hide, and thought they were lucky that the rock was there and that Erion had been able to identify the point where they had to climb. The castle wall was about twelve steps high, and next to what they had just climbed, it was no big deal. However, as they had already agreed in the valley, the strategy of directly addressing that wall was too risky.
Erion put on a gray cloak over his shoulders that had a similar tone to that of the castle walls, and covered his head with a hood of the same color. Then he began to slide with great caution with his back perfectly glued to the wall. His mission was to confirm what he had seemed to see from the air with his dove eyes, and return to the group.
The others waited impatiently in that uncomfortable position under the rock. There was barely room for the four of them, even though they were crouched and pressed against each other. It was then when they heard voices that troubled them. Someone was coming from the left flank, the opposite path from which Erion had gone. The young man had told them that there was a patrol guarding the base of the wall and, according to Erion's own estimate, they took a while to complete the rounds all around the castle: probably half an hour to an hour. They had tried to synchronize the ascent to have the greatest amount of time possible. But now that time was running out. The guard was almost upon them.
“We can't wait for Erion to return. We have to take risks and go now,” Thost said.
“I think you're right,” said the elf. “We run more risk waiting than moving.”
“Let’s cross our fingers that the skylight that Erion thought he saw was not an optical effect,” the cleric said.
They began to move quickly, trying not to make noise. Soon they had reached Erion, who was crouched pulling with all his strength a steel grid obstructing a skylight, which seemed to lead to the base of the castle.
“The patrol? So soon?” the young man asked, slightly surprised to see them.
“Yes,” confirmed Thost. “Leave this to me.”
The knight leaned over and placed his big hands on the small grid. The opening in the wall was circular and would, with difficulty, let the waist of any member pass through it, but before that they had to take out the grid. However, the steel did not want to give in and, after a few more attempts, the knight made one last energetic effort. They saw how his face turned red with effort and how all his muscles went extremely tense. Finally, they heard a slight crack and the grid gave way. Another pull and the knight was able to detach completely. Thost had reached the limit of his strength and, therefore, was sure he could not have opened that grid without the empowering magic Ithelas had given him that morning. 
Then they slipped inside, one by one. The cleric was the last to descend. With Erion and Thost's help, Ithelas put the grid back in place again. Touching the bottom of the iron with his hands, he cast a new restorative spell like the one he had used in his father's chain mail that morning. He was careful not to completely repair the grid: only two points on the base to allow it to hold. Thus it would require much less effort to pull it back if for some reason they decided to try to escape the way they came in. 
A while later they listened as the guard approached that area outside the castle. They waited hidden and impatient. The grid remained upright and only if they carefully examined it could they see that it had been tampered with. The guard passed. They had not seen them. They were inside the castle.


CHAPTER 5: THE ORB


Urlabus hated traveling, and this commission had forced him to do so more than ever. First he had to go to Norvik and participate in that insane auction. All efforts to get there quickly had not helped at all and, ultimately, they had had to pay a crazy sum to get the item. And to make matters worse, he had to cross the kingdom to bring the orb to its destination.
Devgon said he didn't trust anyone else to transport it. It really was a dangerous object. But that was why he built the special container! And it had cost him a lot of work. But it had not helped. In the end they could not send a soldier of confidence, no! He had to go, even though he got really dizzy when he traveled.
At least Devgon had provided a luxurious covered wagon that was drawn by four horses. His driver was professional, experienced and capable, but also surly and unhelpful. And those roads! When they crossed Bor Central it hadn't been so bad, but when they abandoned that county to enter the marks, the roads became irregular, poorly maintained, narrow and twisty. The cart kept jumping and Urlabus had gotten dizzy on several occasions. That idiot driver never heard him when he asked to stop.
As they passed near the capital, they were joined by an escort of eight soldiers. Four preceded the cart and the other four guarded the rear. At least he could feel safe with that deployment. No bandit would even get a league close to them. Each time they stopped it was always a horse taking an opportunity to relieve himself. For Oris, what huge amounts of excrement! It was amazing everything that fit inside the belly of those animals. The smell was foul and Urlabus genuinely couldn’t tell if he got dizzier during the journey or when they stopped at a stream to let the horses rest and drink. 
The distance was too great. He had been traveling almost a week in that cart and that was more than a human being could take. At least they were almost there and they would hopefully reach their destination the next day. Once he delivered the orb, he would seek a good inn to rest in a comfortable bed for several days. He'd need rest before starting the way back to the capital. He expected, at least, that that ungrateful Devgon would recognize his efforts and dedication as he deserved. If not, the next time he'd have another mission like that one, he'd have to find someone else!
Urlabus would have been happy using a portal to teleport instead of making that infernal and endless journey. But it was not advisable to go through a portal with such a powerful object like that one. The power of the orb could destabilize the portal and the result would be fatal. Urlabus had heard that magicians of great power, as the Masters in Magic, could create portals that remained stable, even when carrying the most powerful objects through them, but Urlabus had not reached that level yet. So he had to travel leagues and leagues with chariots and dusty roads.
The carriage hit a new bump and jumped. Urlabus almost hit the ceiling with his head. Then he heard a bang and the cart was destabilized. The driver pulled the reins sharply while the horses whinnied, scared. Soon after, they managed to stop abruptly with the cart was still twisted. Outside they could hear several men talking loudly. Finally, the driver opened the door and asked him to come down. It was no easy task given the inclination of the carriage. Despite the lack of help from the driver, he got down. He carried the container, which he didn't separate from even when he was sleeping.
The last downturn had damaged the vehicle axles and it had lost a wheel. It was impossible to continue. The driver took one of the horses and went back down the road to try to recover the wheel. Two soldiers accompanied him. The other six kept circling the wagon while keeping lookout on all sides.
“What is it, soldier? Why so much deployment?” the magician asked restlessly.
“Your Honor, it is a common tactic to sabotage the roads to bring a stop to the party when it is intended to launch an ambush. Many robbers use this trick. Whenever there is an accident of this type, we prefer to think the worst and be prepared. You never know,” the soldier said.
Well, this was more information than Urlabus wanted to know. Were they really in danger? Was this accident provoked? The magician was not sure, but as the minutes went by, he grew more and more nervous. Where had that driver gone? Why was he taking so long?
Somewhat later the man appeared carrying the heavy wheel on his horse. He explained that it had cost him to find it. It had shot out of the way and rolled into the field about fifteen steps away. Because the grass was so high, it had not been easy to locate. It took nearly an hour to fix the carriage and three soldiers were required to lift it to be able to make the repairs. And it was only provisional! In the next town they would have to stop and make a more serious repair. Possibly they might have to spend the night there. Great! How horrible! Almost another day late and they still would have to stay over to sleep in a seedy village. Urlabus thought that, with the luck he had, there probably wouldn't be a decent inn there and he'd have to sleep in a stinking tavern. 
The procession started off again, this time much slower. Luckily, they hadn't been attacked. It really had been an accident; a more eventful journey, which Urlabus hadn't enjoyed. The magician could not wait for this mission to end.

*******

Vargarr took a deep breath and looked at both sides of the table. He was accompanied by Gorusag Fish, Marquis of Mositus, Lakajev Murin, Count of Borydos and the Colonels of Mositus, Kiyats, Borydos and Golsou. The colonels led the troops of each territory that depended on the corresponding count or marquis. Each county also had a lieutenant who commanded the troops of the Royal Army in said territory. The deputies responded to General Bellish, so they had had to keep them out of the operation, although Vargarr knew that more than one would have willingly participated in it. 
Vargarr had avoided General Bellish and had obtained a direct approval of the King for those maneuvers, but he had only informed his majesty of the participation of the Mositus and Central Bor troops. If the King had known of the scale of the exercise, he wouldn't have approved it without consulting Bellish first, and this would have wiped out the entire plan. Therefore, it was essential to keep the other majors out of it for the moment. They should also aim that the Kiyats, Golsou, and Borydos troops withdraw as soon as possible, since they really weren't allowed to participate in the exercise. Given the proximity of the border with Golsou, perhaps they could justify their presence after an orc attack alert. But Kiyats and Borydos were several days away and they wouldn't be able to explain why their troops were in that place anyway. Those involved were running major risks, but the prize was worth it.
“Do you have any news about the orb?” Marquis Gorusag asked.
“My courier just informed me that they have had a small delay. They will not come tonight as planned but tomorrow afternoon,” Vargarr said.
“This is unfortunate. We can't waste any more time. If your majesty finds out what we're doing we'll be in very serious trouble. What if someone from the Royal Army or the Court comes to witness the maneuvers without warning?” Gorusag interjected.
“You're right. But I don't think that this small delay from our friend Urlabus is what will define the deadlines here. I heard we have an even greater delay in the trenches. Is this true?” Lakajev asked, inquisitive.
“I don't know,” Gorusag responded. “Savamon?” he asked, turning to his colonel.
“Mmm ... we have a delay in this task. We do not understand what is happening. We had made maneuvers in this area before and had dug trenches. It is a clayey soil, for the most part, and usually a crew can dig a trench in an afternoon,” Savamon said.
“Abbreviate. What's going on?” Gorusag said impatiently.
“Every time we dig a ditch, we end up finding rock in the middle of the job, so we have to move to another place and start over. In several cases we had to dig in up to five different places before finishing the trench of the corresponding regiment. But we are making progress. We are simply taking longer than expected. It's very strange. We can't understand it. Moreover, the heavy artillery is already in place and secured: catapults, crossbows and turrets.”
“When will you be completely ready?” Vargarr asked impatiently.
“I hope that at the end of tomorrow morning everything will be finished. We can confirm it tomorrow,” Savamon affirmed.
“That is another two days. At the very least!” the Count of Borydos said.
Vargarr knew that the Colonels of Kiyats and Golsou couldn't stand their Mositus colleague. Being neighbors there were constant rivalries. One of the major issues of dispute was the distribution of the IPF (Inter-territorial Protection Funds). These were funds that the Crown assigned through the bureaucracy of the Royal Army to help finance the troops of the various territories; essentially, they were intended to use part of the taxes to redistribute money to the marks, which were the main ones responsible for defending the border. Countless disputes had occurred between territories, at some point resulting in skirmishes between troops over the control of those funds. At present, the distribution criterion was established according to the number of leagues of the border that each mark covered, but the criterion had changed many times. Additionally, the personalities of these three colonels were very different and not fully compatible. Vargarr couldn't allow any risk of a schism forming in that group at that crucial moment. So, he decided to lend a hand to Savamon.
“Well, let's not get nervous. I will strengthen the body of sappers of Mositus with some troops so that we can accelerate the completion of the work. In this way, we'll make sure to be ready in two days at the latest. I think more than one day is not the end of the world, but we must make sure we are well prepared,” Vargarr said.
They all agreed with this plan, though it was obvious that there was a lot of tension and nervousness in the air. Various details, such as the disposition of troops on the ground, the strategy and the different scenarios that they could expect, were studied and discussed by the group. At the end of the meeting they were all reasonably satisfied with the level of training they had. After that, the colonels took leave to return to their respective command tents. Gorusag, Vargarr and Lakajev stayed to talk a little more.
“This very night I'll return to my palace. I'd rather not be here because of what might happen,” Gorusag said nervously.
“Wise decision. Don't worry; leave everything to me. In addition, Savamon is a very competent man and I'm sure he'll keep you well informed,” Vargarr said, glad to have gotten rid of the marquis.
“I, too, will retire to the rear as we agreed,” Lakajev said. “So, see you tomorrow afternoon to go to the tower?”
“Yes. I'll pick you up at the start of the afternoon. The tower is not far, as you will see. There we'll start the final phase of our plan.”
The three men parted, wishing each other luck. A new chapter in the history of the kingdom was about to begin, and they were the ones who were going to write it.

*******

Mositus Mark was one of the wettest places in the Kingdom of Bor. This, combined with the low temperatures of that day, made it really unpleasant to be outdoors. Today was the day that the orb should reach its destination. Sathudel waited impatiently on the top floor of the tower. A squadron of soldiers from the Royal Army from Central Bor County and loyal to Vargarr protected the place, inside and outside the tower. 
Everyone who was there, except Sathudel, believed to be watching the prison of a dangerous spy, who had fallen into the hands of the troops of the marquis. Sathudel was the only one with permission to climb to the top floor where the “prisoner” was held. He was responsible for the food that the logistics delivered daily for the maintenance of the soldiers and the prisoner himself. Actually, Sathudel ate a part of what they cooked for the prisoner and got rid of the rest. 
No one could suspect that the top floor of the tower had been selected as the place to locate the mighty Orb of Wrath. Urlabus would be responsible for bringing it up there and activating it when the time came. They expected the magician to arrive that afternoon. Sathudel was a man of Vargarr's utmost confidence and totally loyal. He was a skillful soldier, cleverly directing the detachments of troops, for which the major had understood that he was the ideal candidate.
Sathudel warned the soldiers that important visitors would come that afternoon to interrogate the prisoner: the Count of Borydos, a powerful magician and Vargarr himself. But that was a top secret mission and they couldn't reveal any details to anyone. Between the history, reasonably credible, and the blind loyalty professed by their commander, no soldier suspected what was really happening.
Sathudel looked out of one of the windows of the tower and saw in the distance a carriage drawn by four horses. The orb was about to arrive. Some exciting days lay ahead.

CHAPTER 6: THE CASTLE


Despite the light from the skylight, the brightness of the room was quite dim. It took a moment for them to adjust. They were in a small room of about six by five steps. Interestingly, all the furniture was covered with tarps and the state of the room indicated that it hadn't been used in a while. Mithir uncovered one of the pieces of furniture that was located next to the wall. It was a kind of bureau in which they could see papers, envelopes and scrolls. Everything was yellow and old. The furniture was very, very old but was well maintained. The wood was of a dark reddish color and it was hard, compact and very heavy. Ithelas explained that it was caliba, a tree that grew in tropical forests, often used to make luxury furniture. You could find this type of furniture in courts around the world and in the homes of the wealthy.
There seemed to be nothing of interest there, so they approached the door, which was closed. Erion said, quietly, that he would go ahead. Nobody thought to argue. The young man went and put his ear to the door, asking them to keep silence. Shortly thereafter, he slowly opened the door and looked out. They were in a corridor that was even darker. The only illumination came from a small lamp on the wall. It seemed to be of those which illuminate perpetually by magic. The furniture in the corridor wasn't covered, and you could tell it had been cleaned, perhaps a week or two ago. In that passage they were met with four more doors: one attached, just to the right of Erion, two at the side in the middle of the gallery and another at the opposite end.
With a gesture he asked the group to wait there and started creeping up to each one of them to listen. They all were surprised to see how the young man moved, without making a sound. The soft buzz of a fly could be heard, but not Erion's steps. After a quick inspection, Erion came back and opened the first door, next to the waiting room where the rest of the group was huddled together. It was a bedroom. Again all the furniture was covered with tarps. The young man quickly scanned the room. With his training he could determine, in a couple of glimpses, if there was something worthwhile. Like the living room, it seemed that the room had not been used in centuries.
Erion went back into the hall and then went into the next room. It was another room much like the previous one but larger. It hadn't been used in a long time. Finally, he opened the door of the fourth room and found, this time, another bedroom but without tarps. Its condition was similar to the hall. It had been used recently and had no old dust, although it was not very clean, and perhaps a week or two had passed since it had been cleaned and the floors scrubbed. The common element in all the rooms was the lack of windows or skylights that allowed the sunlight to enter; like the hall, the room was dimly lit by a few lamps on the wall. 
The bed was made and had blue sheets. Erion checked them; they were of fine silk, an exquisite fabric. He smelled the bedclothes and, by the fragrance, concluded that a woman, perhaps a young one, had slept there. The smell was faint, but Erion's senses were tuned. He checked the drawers but couldn't find much. There was a towel, blankets and little else. Beside the bed there was a table with a huge bowl and a pitcher of water on the side. It was a common solution for personal hygiene, and very convenient to be in the bedroom itself. What caught Erion's attention was that there was no mirror on the wall behind the toilet, which was unusual. 
There was only one door left: the one at the opposite end of the hall. Erion sensed that it would lead to a different area of ​​the castle. Since he had not heard any noise through it, he had no idea what they would find. With a gesture he called the group, which walked in silence. 
“There's nobody in this area. Only one room, a bedroom, has been used, although not in the last two days,” he explained in whispers.
“What're we going to do now?” Ithelas asked.
“There's only that door left. I will continue exploring,” the young man said.
He told them in whispers some more details of what he had seen and asked them to wait there as he walked into the next room. Before he even touched any door, Erion always checked it thoroughly, especially on certain specific points. Upon visual inspection, he touched them, with really bizarre movements, always following the same routine. 
“What the hell is your brother doing?” Ithelas asked Mithir.
“He's looking for traps,” the magician explained.
“He looks like he knows what he's doing,” Thost indicated.
Erion tried to open the door but it was locked. Then he drew his toolkit from his pocket and, moments later, the door was open. He had opened it without making virtually any noise. They all held their breath as the young man left the hall. They had ventured into the lair of a dangerous vampire, taking a big risk by doing so. They could run into him at any time and it could be their end. 
Erion entered a large room, more than fifteen steps long. Again, there was no one in the room. On the wall to his right was a large double leaf door. The door was so large that two galloping horses could enter it, simultaneously, without the risk of touching each other. It had numerous steel reinforcements and a huge bar halfway up blocking its opening. It might well be the castle entrance. On the wall to his left was a second door but this one was much smaller. It was very conventional, similar to the ones in the corridor through which he had just exited.
The huge room looked something like a foyer. Erion thought it might also be appropriate to hold a grand ball. All the space in the center of the room was cleared, revealing the spectacular floor. It consisted of small smooth stones, little more than one finger wide, of multiple colors. The pavement formed a scene that would have rivaled a painting of the best artist. The painting showed a huge red dragon on top of a ridge running a large flash of fire into a valley; it was both grim and dramatic, eerie and unsettling.
The room was covered by a barrel vault without any major decoration. He noted that the vault had had large windows on both sides long ago that were now boarded up. That would have been, without doubt, a room with plenty of natural light. The vault was painted a dark ocher color, thereby concealing well the elimination of the windows. Erion could still guess the faint marks that were left where they were once located. The furnishings in the room, of a very ornate and elaborate style, were all arranged on the perimeter of the room, against the walls. There were different types of armchairs and chairs and a small table between them. Erion could already imagine a large congregation of socialites dancing at the center, while others chatted cheerfully in the armchairs, drinking fine wines in crystal glasses.
The young man began to walk toward the gate. There was a large lock on it that, depending on the type, could perhaps offer him a glimpse at what was on the other side.
“Hey, you! How did you get in?” a voice said from the other end of the room.
Erion suddenly turned and saw a tall, strange, gaunt man. He wore a whistle around his neck and he had caught him. He took it and started moving it to his lips. He was going to raise the alarm! Suddenly, a swift arrow crossed the room and pierced the man's neck. The stranger managed to support the whistle on his lips but his injury prevented him blowing on it. Another arrow followed the previous one and this time stuck in the man's chest and he fell to his knees. Yet he still tried to blow the whistle. When it seemed that finally, somehow, he had managed to get some air in his lungs and was about to blow the whistle, a third arrow dug a few fingers to the left of the previous one, and the man died moments later.
The group walked slowly into the room with Samar leading. She wore her bow ready for a fourth shot, but soon saw that it was not necessary. Erion was never so glad to see the elf firing. Ithelas and the archer moved the body that was lying in the doorway slightly. After supporting him against a wall, they closed the door and stood beside her with their weapons ready. Mithir joined them shortly thereafter. Thost approached the big gate where Erion was waiting, guarding his back. 
By gestures, the young man told them to stand still for a moment. Erion moved to the lock and, indeed, saw, with some difficulty, what was on the other side. It wasn't the entrance to the castle. Across he saw a large courtyard surrounded by stone walls. Clearly the light indicated that it was uncovered; it should be the inner courtyard of the castle. A large front hall ran through, also uncovered, by which carts with goods could have circulated and that led to an even bigger gate. The gate was open but it had a trellis, which they called portcullis, blocking the passage to the outside. Several soldiers watched over both sides of the rake. None seemed to have noticed what had happened. Samar's speed and accuracy had saved them.
Erion heard the sounds of some animals. To his right he heard the neighing of a horse and to the left, to his surprise, he thought he heard the sounds of various farm animals. He was sure, at least, that he heard the mooing of a cow. He heard in the background the incessant cackling of chickens. Two soldiers came in, suddenly, in his narrow field of vision. They seemed to be sweeping the yard, on patrol, from one extreme to another. They were well equipped, like the ones they had seen outside. They wore armor plates, wide shields, long swords in their belts, and both held a halberd in their right hand. He had also seen some equipped with longbows.
Given his experience in illegal incursions, Erion knew that the time factor was crucial. Although the recon he had done had not taken him more than a few seconds, he had obtained enough information. The young man left the door and asked Thost, with a gesture, to follow him. They met with the rest of the group. 
“Please gather the corpse,” Erion said quietly. “Take him to one of the bedrooms that we just passed,” he requested.
“You've heard; hurry up and do it quietly,” Thost said.
“Yes, please; here we are very exposed,” Erion reasoned.
They went to the first of the bedrooms that was not in use and placed the man in a corner. Erion quickly explained what he had learned. After he thanked Samar for bailing him out so successfully. They all complimented Erion for his ability to glide silently and open locked doors. It was obvious that this had created some additional intrigue within the group, but it wasn't a propitious moment to investigate details of how and when the young man had acquired those skills.
“The castle garrison is larger than we had thought then,” Thost said.
“Possibly. Between the outer perimeter guard, the one guarding the parapet, those who defend the two drawbridges and the ones I just saw guarding the entrance and courtyard, there must be more than thirty men. They all have high-quality equipment, and I’d guess they have been well trained in combat,” Erion said.
“It was almost a miracle that we got in without alerting them,” Ithelas said.
“It was Erion and his amulet,” Mithir gestured.
Samar reflected on the comment of the magician. Thanks to the amulet, they got there at the right time when the perimeter guard walked away from that place. Besides, they also knew where the skylight was, the only entry point that was not well guarded.
All this was the key but it wasn't enough. Only thanks to Thost's enormous force, enhanced by Ithelas' magic, could they have broken the entrance gate, and they’d done so just in time. And again Ithelas' magic allowed repositioning of the fence, so that the perimeter soldiers wouldn't know about the forced entry. Samar snorted. Now that she thought about it, it was almost a miracle to have entered that way. However, she sensed that the hardest part was still to come. 
“So ... now what do we do?” the elf asked.
“Until now we've had the upper hand because Erion has been able to inform us of the layout of the exterior of the castle. But we know nothing of the interior, and in the second room we walked into, that weird man almost set off the alarm. It would’ve been over. We have nothing to match against so many soldiers,” Thost reasoned.
“I think it's time,” Mithir said to the cleric with gestures.
Ithelas could not help but shudder. When they had made plans before the assault, the cleric had realized that Mithir’s idea was possibly the best option they had. But now they had to execute it, which would be downright uncomfortable. Everyone looked closely at the body of the strange man. He was tall and thin. His face was extremely pale, even when he was alive. His eye sockets were very marked. The face looked almost emaciated. He wore a long brown robe woven with high quality wool and was barefoot. He had large hands with long, thin fingers and each one wore a large gold ring. It was difficult to determine what the occupation of the man was, but they agreed that, probably, he was a high ranked servant in the organization of the lord of the castle. This made him an ideal candidate.
Ithelas crouched beside him. His knowledge of anatomy allowed him to see that the vocal cords had remained intact. Carefully he removed the arrow from his throat that was blocking, to some extent, the passage of air from the lungs. Then he applied a couple of patches over the holes on both sides of the neck, to prevent air leakage from them. The young cleric then began a chant that indicated, as always, the execution of a spell. The duration of the prayer, which Ithelas murmured almost in whispers, and the various complicated gestures he made, seemed to suggest that it was a spell much more elaborate than usual.
Suddenly the dead man opened his eyes slightly. His gaze was lost in the infinite. His eyes lacked any luster or expression. Ithelas then turned to the dead and began to speak.
“Where is the treasure hidden?” he asked.
“Downstairs. South Wing,” the body pronounced with difficulty. 
His voice sounded hoarse, from beyond the grave. It lacked any inflection or expressiveness. It was the strangest and scariest voice they had ever heard.
“How can we access that area?” the cleric asked again. 
“Stairs. Laboratory. Hidden door. Library.”
The cadence of the throat of the dead seemed to not fully complete any of the words, but everyone could understand the five he had just pronounced.
“Where is the crypt where the vampire lies?”
“Downstairs,” the corpse said, which a moment later closed its eyes and went back to lie “lifeless” again.

CHAPTER 7: THE LABORATORY


The answer to the last question was what everyone feared. Samar could not avoid swallowing loudly. To get to the treasure, where they hoped to find the box they were looking for, they'd have to pass close to the vampire. In fact, in the process of finding the treasure room, it was possible that they would end up facing him. They had already discussed this scenario as the most likely, and had agreed to the plan of action in that case.
They decided to hide the body. Erion crouched next to him and, after putting on a pair of very thin black gloves, took two rings and put them in his bag. Then Thost and Erion slid the body under the bed and went back into the hall. As they had done before, Erion led the group. He went to the door from where that strange man had appeared. Although he knew that it would be open, Erion again performed the entire ritual of reviewing it, to finally open it without much difficulty.
The young man walked into another room. It was a large dining room. In it there were two more doors, to the left and right respectively. It had many of the features of the other rooms. Not a soul was seen there either. By gestures, he ushered the group out of the hall, as close to the door behind they knew they had a complete detachment of soldiers armed to the teeth.
“This may be a good place to cast an evil detection spell,” Ithelas said, as he began a brief chant. “I will be able to tell if there is some evil being in the next room before entering.”
“How long does it last?” Mithir asked.
“I hope long enough to explore this floor,” the cleric answered.
They approached the door on the right. This time, as Erion revised it, the cleric stood very close to him, in deep concentration. When Erion finished, he looked at Ithelas, who nodded. He opened the door and stepped into a kitchen. The whole group went in after him. It was a spacious kitchen; inside it one could prepare comfortably food for fifteen or twenty people. On the opposite side of the kitchen there was another door. On the roof they saw a couple of small skylights, also boarded up. 
“No doubt, this is not the place where the soldiers’ food is prepared,” Samar said, observing the little use that the kitchen seemed to have. 
“However, look there. It seems that they have recently cut some vegetables,” Erion said, pointing to a table that was next to one of the two fireplaces in the room. 
A small black cauldron was located in the center of the fireplace on a charcoal fire, already off. 
“Possibly someone has prepared here a vegetable soup, or something similar; I would say yesterday,” Ithelas added.
The cleric and looter repeated their exploratory routine on each door. Erion opened it and they entered a larger room. It was a bedroom, which once would have housed eight people, possibly the servants of the castle. Now only one of the beds was used. The room looked like the others in every detail, except the quality of the furniture. They were also very old, but their sorry state denoted that they were not of the same quality. Their limited use had likely allowed them appear worn without literally falling apart.
The bed that had sheets and blankets was of a different type. It was much newer, perhaps less than ten years old. It was loreda, a wood of light color that was reasonably strong but much more mundane. It was also unadorned and lacked special quality. Its mission seemed purely functional. They checked the closets of the room. All of them were empty except the one that was close to the new bed. They found more sheets in it, some towels and two robes identical to the ones of the man who they had questioned earlier. Erion found nothing of value.
The next room was locked. Erion used his picks and this time it took a little more work to open it because the lock was a bit old and a little rusty. Finally it relented and they managed to enter. 
They had to cover their noses immediately. A horrible stench filled the room. On the ground they found several dead animals. There was a large cow, which was completely pale. It was the strangest color. 
“Because of its appearance, I believe that it's been dead for one or two days,” Ithelas said, after briefly checking the animal.
The cow's sides had several holes through which a trail of blood had flowed. It was as if a flock of crows had pecked it and left it to bleed; however, there was barely any blood on the floor. There were two pigs in similar condition but with the difference that the state of decomposition of their bodies was much more advanced. 
In the center of the room, there was a large table under which they saw several knives and other butcher utensils. There were also sharp hooks hanging from the ceiling, next to a wall. At the slaughterhouse there was no other furniture, but there was a gate at the far end of the room. It was split in two, so they could open the top half while the bottom was kept closed. 
The looter and the cleric approached it. Erion parted only a couple of fingers of the upper part, looked and closed it again. The next room was very large and elongated, maybe about twenty steps long. It was a kind of barn, which had accumulated enough animals in a small space. It was divided into three sections; the biggest had half a dozen cows, in the opposite corner there was a herd of pigs, and included a partition separating a chicken barnyard. In one corner there were large amounts of straw and feed; possibly enough food for a week for these animals. They returned to the group.
“The barn is connected to the outer courtyard of the castle but access to it is closed by a lattice,” Erion said.
They returned to the servants’ bedroom, happy to leave behind the nasty slaughterhouse and trying to forget the terrible smell. There was one last door in that bedroom. With steel reinforcements at different heights, it was really resistant. Erion and Ithelas were coordinating even better and took less time to carry out their checks. Although Erion found no traps, the lock was closed and of high quality. The young man had to apply himself for a long time to get it open but finally the mechanism relented. 
Erion did not enter the room immediately. There was something strange on the floor. He felt that the first tile behind the door was separated from the others. After closely inspecting it he concluded that, when pressing it, some mechanism would be triggered. The remaining tiles were normal, harmless. He opened the door wide and told them where they should tread. He waited until they were inside the room and then gently closed the door again. He decided it was best not to find out what danger the trap would trigger.
The room in which they had entered was the most spectacular of all he had seen. It was huge! More than forty steps long. And the ceilings were high as well. It was a huge library. There must be thousands of books, even tens of thousands. Wide shelves covered the walls. They were so high that it would take a long ladder to reach the books that were on the upper shelves. In fact, halfway up, there was a narrow steel footbridge with a handrail. A pair of staircases accessed the catwalk.
The center of the room was occupied by reading tables, chairs; there was even a copyists’ workshop at one end. Multiple windows exposed various objects such as maps and ancient scrolls, gold and silver coins minted in various countries, some jewelry and other objects of the nobility such as scepters. A showcase in the center of the room contained two manuscript books, ancient and beautiful. The room was decorated with several statues, mostly innocent, scantily clad maidens or animals and hunting scenes.
They walked to the other end of the room and found a way out. Erion and Ithelas proved that there was no approaching danger and returned to the center of the library. Erion observed the room carefully again. The words dead, stairs, laboratory, library and hidden door, had been etched in the minds of them all.
“I would say that this room occupies the entire width of the castle. Also, all the walls of the room connect with the outside except this one, the north wall,” Erion said, pointing to the wall where the two doors of the room were.
“Erion has a lot of experience interpreting indoor spaces quickly,” Mithir explained. “We must listen to him.”
By now the whole group had appreciated the skills of the young man and although it had aroused new doubts in them, it was clear that the boy knew what he was doing.
“Am I to conclude that, therefore, we should seek a secret door in the north wall?” Thost said.
“Exactly. Those who are better equipped for the task are Samar and I. The elves have a sixth sense to find secret doors. It is always a difficult task, and not always a successful one, so any help is great. Let’s get to it.”
Erion gave them brief explanations of what kind of things they should look for and asked that if they thought they saw something weird just to call him. They began to review the wall and the shelves covering part of it. After ten minutes they had found nothing.
“My ability to detect evil is about to end. I think we should continue to explore this level. It seems that seeking the door will take long,” Ithelas requested.
“I think you're right. Let’s go,” Thost said.
They walked to the end of the library and reached the door they had yet to explore. Ithelas didn't detect any evil at the other side. It was locked. It was identical to the one in the library, which the young man had to work hard on, again, in an effort to open it. When it finally gave in, they saw that it overlooked a large living room, almost as large as the entrance hall where they had been awhile before but obviously much smaller than the huge library. 
The room had two fireplaces and was divided into four areas with slightly different decor in each. Great quality paintings hung on each of the walls. Erion assessed that there was a small fortune there. They had the mark of the artist school of the Tylar Kingdom. The best works of art were produced in that country. The young man had already noticed that the statues of the library were also of great quality, like the scene on the floor of the hall. Unfortunately it would be impossible to take any of those things, but those paintings ...
Ithelas was cowering in a corner of the room and appeared petrified. Thost had asked him something, but the young man did not articulate a word. His eyes and facial expression were totally frozen. He didn't even seem to be breathing. They all went to him, worried. Moments later his expression changed to one of pure panic. Suddenly he took a deep breath with intensity as if he was drowning. They helped him sit on a chair. He recovered gradually.
“Are you okay? What happened?” his father asked, concerned.
“That corner ... evil,” the young man managed to say with difficulty.
Shortly after he explained that in that area of ​​the room he had perceived various evil beings. He had felt more than five apparitions, although he could not say exactly how many. One was overwhelmingly evil, the most intense evil that he had ever perceived. His spell was over and he couldn't feel anything. He was well again, although a little uneasy.
They checked the corner of the room trying to make as little noise as possible but found nothing. Their best bet was to go down a level, which is what the servant had said. The living room had another door that was not locked and went back to the room where they had been a while ago. They had completed the exploration of that section of the castle and, as expected, there was no obvious access to the famous laboratory.
“Let's go back to the library,” Thost suggested.
“Yes. Let's look through every inch of the north wall of the room,” Samar added.
“Listen to me, everyone. Seek any irregularities in the wall; any shelf that looks slightly different from the others, either because they are slightly ahead or behind, or because the wood has a different wear than the other; any set of books that seem to snag; in short, any visual cue that seems unusual,” Erion explained didactically.
The elves were a race with a natural ability for this task, and Erion was highly trained in it. But despite everyone's efforts, almost an hour later they still hadn't found anything.
Erion returned to the lounge and dining room, and quickly back to the library. By the arrangement and the distances between the walls he realized that there was a space, which he had been unable to access, enclosed between the southern wall of the dining room and kitchen, and the north wall of the library. He explained these details to the group that listened with interest.
“The hidden rooms sometimes have more than one secret door. Let's check the south wall in the dining room and kitchen. Maybe we'll have more luck there,” the young man suggested.
There was not much to lose in this attempt and, again, this seemed to be Erion's field of competence. They inspected the dining wall for a while and were unsuccessful. As it was not covered by shelves, it was much faster and easier to check. There were only a couple of furniture pieces against it that, since they weren't very heavy, could be easily moved to check the section of wall behind them. They moved to the kitchen and repeated the operation. Finally, Erion saw a small spring in the wall between the two fireplaces. He examined the area of ​​the wall with the utmost care and then retired.
“There is a secret door here. If we're lucky, by moving the spring it will open. But I have a hunch that it will not be enough, and that we will have to do more to open it. I'll know more after I trigger it,” the young man explained.
“Ok. What are you waiting for?” Thost said.
“We can't be sure that we'll have the time or opportunity to go through this area of ​​the castle. We'll probably have to face great dangers,” Erion said, who was about to continue his explanation when Samar interrupted.
“You've seen some valuable things,” she said.
“Right. I suggest we lose only a few minutes to collect the most valuable objects. Please, everyone, follow my instructions and we can finish quickly.”
They followed Erion, who went inside the room first. There he instructed Ithelas and Thost to collect two small chandeliers, and he pointed to five of the paintings hanging in this room.
“Pick them up, separate the canvas from a frame with a dagger, and then roll up the canvases together and keep them, as best you can, in your pouches,” he instructed.
With a gesture he told the others to follow him to the library. He asked the elf to keep some jewelry and other objects that were in two of the windows in the middle of the room. Erion kept the two old manuscripts that were also exposed in another case and asked Mithir to cast a spell he had used countless times. The magician concentrated for a moment and then nodded he was ready.
“Walk in front of all the shelves of the room. Walk the perimeter as quickly as possible. Remember to look at the second level also,” the young man requested.
Mithir did as he was told. It took almost ten minutes to walk the entire room. When he was finishing checking the south wall shelves, he suddenly stood and opened his eyes, excited. He sought the nearest spiral staircase and climbed it to the second level. Then he walked a few steps down the runway and took a book. He stroked the cover as if he were touching a holy book. He opened it in half and they could see a huge smile on his face. He swooped down.
“Thanks a million. Thanks,” Mithir said, gesturing.
“You're welcome, brother. Anything else?” Erion urged.
The magician finished checking the few remaining shelves and then approached another group of cabinets where they hadn't taken anything. Of all the objects he took a small rod, which had no ornaments or jewelry or, apparently, any special value. Then he told the others that he was done.
Erion led the group back into the living room where father and son had just finished their tasks with the paintings. Without missing a beat, he asked everyone to follow him into the kitchen.
“Can you still detect magical auras?” he asked his brother.
“Yes. But I have little time left,” the magician said.
“Look at this area of the wall,” Erion requested, pointing to the place where earlier he had sensed the presence of a door.
Moments later, Mithir explained that as Erion had suspected, the door had some kind of magical protection. It was not going to be as easy to open. Luckily, Mithir believed they were prepared.
“While we were coming here, did you perceive another aura in the previous rooms?” he asked the magician.
“No. Nothing more, brother,” Mithir replied.
Erion asked everyone to relocate to the other end of the room. Although he hadn't perceived any trap connected to the spring, it couldn't be trusted. The young man triggered the spring and, after a loud clack, they suddenly noticed the outline of a door appear on the surface of the wall. Erion thoroughly reviewed the structure that had appeared but found no way to open it. With a gesture he asked his brother to come over.
“Let’s cross our fingers,” the young man said. “Good luck,” he added as he retreated a few steps.
Mithir began chanting a spell and after a few magical passes, struck with the tip of his stick in the middle of the door, as if he was knocking. Then they saw as the tone changed and it no longer appeared to be made of the same material as the wall; now it seemed to be made of conventional wood. It was open.
Erion went in first and the others followed. They entered what seemed to be a lab for alchemy and other magical experiments. It had tremendously complete equipment. In a corner of the lab there was a spiral staircase that seemed to go to both the lower and the upper levels. 
Before they could check more, the door they had entered closed. Everyone started to feel dizzy and coughed. Ithelas perceived a smell of some strange gas in the air. Mithir fell fainting to the ground while everyone else got worse. Was this their end?

CHAPTER 8: THE CRYPT


Samar was the next one to fall unconscious to the ground. Ithelas knew that this gas was slowly poisoning them. He started casting a prayer to invoke his magic. He had to make a tremendous effort of concentration, since it is very difficult to control magic at the same time one is experiencing pain or evil of any kind. Control of magic requires absolute serenity. Before losing consciousness too, he managed to complete his spell.
Suddenly he began to feel much better. The magic would protect him from the effects of unbreathable air. Erion and his father coughed profusely. They hadn't lost consciousness yet but they were completely incapacitated. The cleric had to move fast. On a table in the room he saw that there were powders, similar to cooking flour. It seemed, rather, that they were the bones of an animal that had been repeatedly ground. He had seen similar materials in other laboratories. They were used to make potions.
This will do, the young man thought.
He took the jar and started throwing small handfuls into the air around the room. Soon after, a good part of the room had a bit of that powder floating around. Ithelas stopped and carefully looked. There it was! The movement of the dust in the air allowed him to verify that there was an inflow into the room by a small flap that was well hidden in one corner of the room. He quickly sought some rags and as he could not find any, he ripped the sleeves of his shirt and made them two small balls. He then moved to a table closer to the trapdoor and, after climbing it as best he could, packed the pieces of cloth to block the flow of gas entering the room. With some difficulty he got his way.
Although the situation wouldn't worsen, there was still a significant amount of gas in the room. He went to the spiral staircase and saw that access to both upstairs and downstairs was blocked by a trapdoor. He decided it would be less dangerous to try the top hatch first. He could open it without problems, since it was not locked. As he discovered it, he saw that there was a fence that prevented the passage. It was closed but fortunately, it would let the gas out of the lab.
He returned to the group. He helped his father and Erion move to the opposite corner of the room to the trapdoor. Then he did the same with the unconscious bodies of Mithir and Samar. He reached into his bag and pulled out a small bag that had several herbs. He selected some oval leaves and placed one each under the tongues of the magician and archer. Finally, he gave another pair of leaves to his father and Erion and told them to do the same.
“Sucking this leaf helps the lungs to exhale any foreign agent,” he explained.
A while later Thost and Erion were much better. Ithelas poured some water on the faces of his unconscious companions and Samar opened her eyes. She felt very nauseated and she couldn't help vomiting. Mithir then regained consciousness and felt even worse than Samar.
The cleric decided he should do something more for them and consumed an additional portion of his magical energy to complete a cure for everyone. They both felt a lot better after this. It had been necessary. The poor things wouldn't have been of much use in that state. In addition, he hated seeing his friends suffer; he hated to see anyone suffer.
Erion reviewed the trap without touching Ithelas' improvised coating. 
“You're probably wondering why I didn't find this trap,” Erion said, apologetically.
No one had really asked why, and weren't accusing him of the accident that they had just suffered. But they let him continue.
“I must tell you that I will not be able to detect all the traps in advance. Some are so well hidden that I simply won't be able to see them. For example, look at that wall. There is the library door. From this room you could see it clearly, but from the library we could not find it,” the young man said.
“Erion, don't worry. We each do what we can. And for the moment I must say I am quite impressed with your skills,” Ithelas said, conciliatory.
“Thanks. In any case, this flap was not a gas trap operated with a spring. The gas enters this room consistently. And it allows a highly toxic level of concentration in the air despite that there are small leaks from that narrow chimney. This probably means that the people that frequently cross this room have no major problems with this poisonous gas,” said the young man.
They cast a closer look at the laboratory. It didn't seem to have been used very recently, but it had not been abandoned many years ago either. There were all kinds of reagents on different shelves, and a myriad of flasks, pipettes and stills of all sizes. It was a fantastically equipped laboratory. Mithir dreamed of one day having such a laboratory. 
Erion approached the staircase and reviewed the top flap. After a while he managed to open the gate. He poked his head out and then went down.
“From the outside we saw two towers of similar height and configuration. Both were arranged in the south of the castle, one on the east side and one on the west side. I would say that that trapdoor leads to the west tower. I have seen that the spiral staircase continues up to higher levels. The four levels above us have several windows, as we saw from the outside.”
“Did you see any soldiers?” Thost asked.
“No. Not in this tower. Moreover, the east tower should be in that area,” he said, pointing to the other side of the room. “My conclusion is that there is no access to the tower from this level of the castle. Therefore, there must be access from the outside or from the parapet. In other words, I bet that the soldiers do have access to the other tower and possibly some are guarding it,” the young man explained.
“Interesting. On the one hand, the castle is guarded by the troop. But then work has been done to isolate a wide area of ​​the castle from the area that the soldiers have access to, probably because of the nature of the inhabitants. At this time it is playing to our advantage because we could access this area, avoiding patrols,” Mithir said gesturing, while his brother reproduced what he said. 
They all recalled the moment when the servant was about to raise the alarm, and how close they were to absolute disaster. In any case, they should continue without further delay. They used the moment to drink some water and take a look in the laboratory, but they didn't find much. Ithelas managed to open a drawer that seemed closed, under one of the tables. In it he found what he believed to be four different potions. He didn't know their effects, however. He put them in his bag.
It was the moment of truth. Erion approached the trap of the spiral staircase leading to the lower level. He revised it for a while before attempting to open it.
“It's connected to a trap,” the young man said at last. “Move to that corner of the room, I'll try to deactivate it.”
Erion took out his picks and slid down the side of the hatch trying to locate the point where the device was attached to the door. When he arrived at one of the corners he noticed something and stopped. It was there. He was sure. There was a linker that would trigger something if he tried to open the hatch. He had to try to force it back to disengage it. He took out another of his tools that was more difficult to handle but longer. With it he could reach the correct place at the other side of the hatch. He began to move the mechanism; it was of good quality, proving this would be difficult. Then he heard a click he did not expect. He knew what it meant. He rose slightly and jumped giving an acrobatic somersault towards one of the walls, away from the stairs. Four arrows shot out from somewhere in the ceiling and landed in various points around the hatch. One grazed him and sliced through his pants. He had barely avoided the trap.
Suddenly, he felt a sting in his leg where the arrow had scratched him. He beckoned to Ithelas.
“Something's not right. It's just a scratch, but it's starting to hurt horribly,” the young man said.
Ithelas reviewed the wound carefully and frowned. 
“The arrows must be poisoned. And it is a very dangerous and aggressive poison. Take this potion that neutralizes poison and drink it immediately,” the cleric ordered.
At the same time, he applied a compression to the leg to hinder the progression of the poison through the body. Then he cleaned the wound and put on it a kind of tube he carried in his bag of herbs. He began to suck through the tube. He managed to take some liquid out of it. Then he cleaned the wound again. He applied an ointment and covered it with a bandage. The cleric went to the trapdoor and took one of the arrows. He left it on a table and tried to identify the poison by sniffing and checking its color and texture. 
“I've never seen this poison exactly, but it seems to be jerpex,” Ithelas said.
“What is that?” Erion asked.
“I'm afraid that it's from the family of scorpions with the most potent poison known south of the continent,” Samar explained.
“Right. You were lucky not to have taken a direct hit. It would have killed you in less than three seconds. I've done everything I could for you. We can only wait and cross our fingers. If the poison did not penetrate into your bloodstream, you'll find yourself perfectly well in a few minutes,” the cleric explained.
“And otherwise?” Erion asked, worried.
“Well, let’s not think of that scenario,” Ithelas said.
It was the longest ten minutes of Mithir's life. He couldn't imagine what he'd do without his brother. In the last six years they had faced some intense dangers together. But he could not remember ever experiencing such a critical situation. 
Thost and Samar tried to make conversation, talking about what they would do with their share of the treasure when they were back at home. There was still much to do, but it was the way they believed they could distract the others, especially Erion. However, the young man did not think anything of it. In fact, for some reason, he wasn't worried. He sensed that his end had not arrived; he still had plenty to do.
Time passed, and the pain in his leg was subsiding. Finally, he stood. The ten minutes had expired. Mithir snorted, very relieved. Ithelas separated the bandage again and found that the wound had improved dramatically. Now it looked like a common scratch and the blackened color of the skin had disappeared. Everything was fine; they could continue. 
Erion demanded he continue leading the group, despite the insistent complaints from the others, especially Mithir. No one could convince him. He returned to the hatch and pulled the arrows out, one by one. He didn't want anyone to get scratched by them accidentally. Then he opened the hatch and used a small hand mirror to see what was in the room. The spiral staircase continued to the lower level, and there it ended. The room had no furniture but several statues. It was dark and Erion could barely make out the shapes, with the little light that came from the lab.
“Ithelas, light a torch,” he requested.
The cleric did as he was told and passed the torch to Erion. The young man approached the opening of the hatch and could see that the room had only one door, which was locked. He dropped the torch to the lower room and was able to verify that there was nobody there. The entire group descended after Erion. The young man placed the torch in a holder on the wall. 
Erion took a deep breath. They were in the basement of a castle lost in the other corner of the world, with no one to help them. And he knew, for sure, that a dangerous vampire was there, probably steps away from them. They had to proceed with extreme caution. Their lives would depend on it. That room seemed the only way out, and they wanted to ensure they could return to it fast. The strange place was virtually empty. The only furniture visible was a wooden chair with thin legs. It probably wouldn't hold the weight of one of them, though perhaps maybe the magician's or the elf's.
Erion reviewed the door and tried to open it. It was locked but only with a conventional lock that did not prove to be a problem. By opening it, he saw that it led to a dark hallway. Mithir cast a spell on his cane and held it to Erion, who used it to illuminate for just a moment. After checking it out, he came back into the room and closed the door.
“It's a hallway. It has five other doors on this side, four on the opposite side and a larger one at the bottom. Everything seems to be completely dark at this level, so we need light,” he explained. 
“It's time to do some quick recognition work,” Ithelas said, invoking a new enchantment.
“I can help,” Mithir said, as he cast another spell. 
They both left the hall and stopped only briefly in front of each door and then they returned. Ithelas came in pale.
“The two middle doors on the other side of the aisle have a magical protection,” the magician said. “I have not detected other auras.”
“Behind these two doors there are several undead, maybe four or five. They are powerful, especially one. Behind the door down the hall there are many, many undead. They aren't so powerful, but there may be more than thirty of them,” Ithelas said very seriously.
“Ok. I'll try to check the other rooms, avoiding what you have seen. Wait here and stay tuned should I call you,” Erion said.
Nobody wanted to let him go alone. They all insisted on going together but Erion's arguments weighed heavily.
“The best way to avoid the danger is to find the box without waking the vampires,” the young man said, assuming that they would find more than one, after what they had learned in the bestiary. “Now we have daylight, and they should be resting. No one can move as silently as me and, if you come with me, we run the risk of being heard. You will cause problems instead of helping,” insisted Erion.
In the end they had to give in, and Erion left alone. They left the door ajar and Samar waited, her ears tuned, very attentively. Erion stepped out into the corridor. It was dark, very dark. But he decided to move through it without any light. He slid, placing his back against the wall while he walked very slowly. He was already regretting his brave gesture. Now he was alone against the worst danger he had ever faced. A drop of sweat was sliding down his face and he was breathing heavily. Suddenly he noted something on the wall. It was the first door. He opened it very gently. He was praying that opening the door would not make any noise and it didn’t. He was in. Erion closed the door, again very slowly, and lit his torch.
The room was a kind of study devoted to astronomy. The furnishings were similar to the ones upstairs. On the walls different nocturnal maps were hung, representing different stars and constellations. There were a couple of well-lit tables and, on one of them, various types of telescopes and other astronomical tools. There was also a small bookcase full of books exclusively on constellations and stars, all much worn. 
After looking for the box unsuccessfully, Erion moved back to the corridor. Repeating the process, he reached the next room. It was like a small museum. The hall was crowded with display cases of various sizes in which coins, seal rings and a small scale were exhibited. Most of the coins were silver or bronze. Erion realized that the gold coins he had seen in the library upstairs likely belonged to the same collection and were probably the most valuable objects of it. These downstairs had a much lower value. It was obvious that there lived, or had lived, someone with great passion for numismatics. While he was searching through the room, Erion was very careful not to make any noise. At the same time he tried to be attentive to any noise that came from the outside, but everything seemed to remain calm.
The young man went to the next room. It was a study. There were two tables on opposite corners of the room that would have been ideal for writing letters or reading. The rest of the walls of the room were covered with large shelves almost completely filled with books of all kinds. It was like a subsection of the library upstairs. He didn't find the box here, nor anything that seemed of particular value.
The next door led to a map room. It had maps of all types and colors, all carefully framed. Most of them were hanging on the walls. In the center of the room there were a couple of display cases containing some particularly old ones. There was a table in a corner to check maps, with magnifying lenses of different kinds and scales. Erion opened the display cases in the center of the room, and after folding carefully what was in there, placed it in his bag and left the room.
He was back in the dark corridor, at the very end of it. His friends were on the opposite side. It was again very dark. He was in front of the last door on the left side of the aisle which was made of very resistant steel. Just a couple of steps away, behind him, there was another door in the center of the hall. It was larger than the others. Erion then heard multiple ugly noises coming from within. He could hear what sounded like someone or something scratching the door, and also grunts and other unnatural noises which froze his blood.
He was not safe there. He had to finish his checks and move on. And quickly. He tried to focus on the door in front of him. It had a small rectangular window with a grille. This allowed him to look out to see what was on the other side without opening it. It was a dirty, dank hallway without any ornamentation. It seemed as if a completely different area of the building started there. Erion didn't think that the treasure was that way. It didn't seem a very suitable area to preserve valuable objects for a long time. 
However, it would be better to go and check, the young man thought.
Erion abandoned the idea after checking the hinges. They were pretty rusty. If he tried to open it, even doing so with the utmost care, it would make a lot of noise. It didn't seem to be the wisest course of action. He crossed the hall back toward the other end. He avoided the rooms where they expected to find enemies and headed towards the last one he had yet to check. It was almost opposite the room where the rest of the group waited. 
Erion gulped. That room was just beside the room that Ithelas confirmed to have several powerful enemies. Would they also be vampires? And even worse: would the room he was about to enter connect to the room with the evil creatures? There was only one way to find out. He focused again on the task. He was now sweating a lot and his knees were literally shaking.
The door had a beautiful design mixing wooden pieces of different shades; it was very elegant. It didn't have any traps, nor was it locked. He went inside. He found himself in a beautiful and cozy lounge, surrounded by multiple artworks. The young man breathed relief when he noticed that there were no other doors there, or that is what he then thought. It looked like the room they had found on the top floor and Erion thought that they had probably taken some of the upstairs furniture to decorate it because they were of the same type. The room also had paintings of a similar quality but these had darker themes, such as landscapes at night, a black dragon attacking a city or a battlefield strewn with corpses. Although the scenes were less gentle, the quality of the paintings was remarkable and he could get good money for them. 
He returned to the room in which the group waited impatiently and told them everything he had seen: no sign of the treasure, no trace of the box. 
“We still have to explore the last door, the hallway you talked about,” Ithelas said.
“I seriously doubt that the treasure is there,” Erion said. “Trust me.”
“But then, where is it?” Samar asked.
“We have to face the inevitable,” Thost said. “The vampire may be keeping the treasure near the crypt, where he can better protect it.”
“It's possible,” Erion confirmed. “In any case, we have explored all the other options that make sense. We're assaulting his crypt.”
The young man's words were ringing in the air. It was the moment everyone had feared and they were now about to have to face it. Trying to control the panic that at moments seemed willing to take over, they began to prepare. Ithelas had made a kind of porridge in the valley by crushing several garlic cloves and mixing it with a little flour and oil. They rubbed their bodies with it, especially along the neck. Samar checked her arrows and left them separated in two different groups. Everyone had a small wooden stake at hand on their belt.
They quietly left the room and went to the first door. Erion began checking it, while Ithelas put a string of garlic hanging on the other two. The young man confirmed that there weren't any traps and that it was not locked, but he still couldn't open it. As Mithir had stated, the door was sealed with magic. The young magician used the same spell that he had needed some time before to open the lab and pounded it with his cane, rattling the wall slightly. The crypt was open.
They entered a stone room in the middle of which there were five large sarcophagi arranged like the vertex of a pentagon. Long candelabra that reached the ground lit the four corners of the room with a dim yellow light. 
Without wasting any time, Mithir and Erion went ahead to the first sarcophagus followed by the others. Each one took an end of the lid that covered it and started to move it sideways, slowly. It was really heavy. When they had uncovered half of it, they saw that a beautiful girl in her early thirties was lying there. Her skin had a strange and unnatural color. Thost, who awaited the opening of the lid, did not hesitate a moment and thrust the wooden stake in his hand into the heart of the girl. She suddenly opened her eyes. They were terrible eyes, full of fury. She opened her mouth and muffled a groan and that was when they saw two huge fangs sticking out. The vampire reached up, as if trying to grab them, and then fell limp in the coffin.
They moved to the second sarcophagus. Mithir and Erion repeated the maneuver with the lid but, as they displaced it slightly, a hand with slender fingers grabbed the wrist of the looter from the inside. The hand was ice cold and left Erion stunned for a moment. The young man pulled hard on the lid and the monstrous creature stood up immediately. Fortunately Thost was ready with his stake and drove it furiously through the chest of the vampire, which was destroyed instantly. 
While this was happening, the lids of the other three coffins opened at the same time and three wrathful vampires arose out of them. The first approached Samar and gave her a tremendous slap in the face. The elf stumbled and fell down a couple of steps back, as blood started to dribble from her sore mouth. The second vampire moved decisively towards Ithelas, while the third had grabbed Thost from behind. They moved very fast, with great agility. The knight tried to escape but the vampire was stronger. The beast opened her impious mouth, showing her fangs, and moved to drive them hard into Thost's neck. At the last moment she withdrew her mouth as she smelled the garlic cream, but refused to release the knight from her grip.
The situation seemed hopeless when Ithelas cast his spell. The whole room lit up with a bright light as if they were on the coast of Bor on a summer afternoon. The contrast with the poor lighting in the cellar had blinded them for a moment. Thost noticed as the beast released him. The three vampires threw the most horrifying screams they had ever heard. A horrible fishy stench filled the room.
Thost saw enough to guess the position of his opponent and thrust the stake urgently. Mithir rushed to Samar's aid, who had been in a bad position. Erion took his hand crossbow, and raised it pointing to where he had seen the vampire running toward the cleric. He blinked constantly, trying to get used to the light. He could make out the silhouette of the undead trying to cover her face with her hands. Erion saw his chance and shot. The arrow buried itself in the chest of the vampire, who fell to her knees. But he wasn't finished with her. She was still moving. 
After helping Samar to her feet, Mithir cast his projectiles spell, impacting with all of them the vampire who had been kneeling. After the last of them the monster fell to the ground and then went up in smoke. They knew what that meant. They had not been able to end her. The evil creature would wander in a gaseous state looking for a safe place in the castle and, hours later, recover her form and energy.
The daylight spell was over. The last vampire stopped covering her face. Her skin, pale and smooth before, was torn as if she had leprosy in an advanced stage. It was really unpleasant. She was furious. She moved quickly to Erion when they saw an arrow embedded in the middle of her chest. She stopped, saw the arrow and then looked at them and laughed again. So the magician made a gesture that imploded the arrow, destroying much of the upper body of the monster, who also became smoke and disappeared.
The two would not be back for at least a couple of hours. This gave them some time. Everyone looked at Samar. She still seemed dazed and blood was pouring from the corner of her mouth because of the blow, but this had not prevented her from reaching her target. They heard a loud noise outside. They ran. There was no point staying there because neither the box nor the treasure were in that room.
The big door down the hall, like of the other two rooms that they had avoided until now, were open. Through the front door they could hear many strange and unpleasant sounds: roars, groans, screeches, clicks. A lot of forms began to emerge over the threshold. First, four horrible corpses appeared. Their bodies were damaged, corrupted, but they had strange musculature. It was almost as if the muscles were floating in mid-air. They had no hair and their skin was very thin, almost nonexistent, and gray. 
“Kaltas!” Ithelas exclaimed. “Don't let them touch you,” he added.
Just behind the kaltas came a large group of skeletons. They were armed with swords or axes, and most wielded shields; some also helmets. Behind the skeletons there were several zombies. Their bodies were partially decomposed. Some lacked a body part and had big tears in their flesh. They still had remnants, pure rags, of some clothing that they might have worn in life. Some were carrying sticks and others were empty-handed. In total there were about twenty-five of the undead walking slowly towards them.
Ithelas threw his hand to his chest and pulled out a large amulet, showing the figure of a golden sun. After removing it from his neck he held his hand in front. His face had a look of determination as they had never seen before. Samar, who had always regarded him as a brother, thought then that she'd never seen him so attractive. The cleric recited his prayer in a loud voice. 
“Beasts of darkness, 
Dwellers of hell, 
Worshipers of evil,
Hear my command.
By the power granted by Oris to the Sun God 
I command you to go back into the abyss of where you come.”
The amulet began to flash and they heard as the undead covered their eyes and screamed. Then, most of the skeletons began collapsing, their bones breaking and separating. Soon after, their bodies had been reduced to small piles on the floor. Only two skeletons survived. The large group had been reduced by half, but they still had a dozen enemies moving towards them.
While Ithelas said his prayer, Mithir had been preparing a spell, which he completed almost at the same moment when the cleric finished his prayer. A fireball shot out against the group of enemies and exploded, causing a huge roar that slightly shook the foundations of the building. The flames reached the entire compact group of enemies; however, they did not stop. Four of the zombies had their bodies wrapped in flames and fell to the ground. The two remaining skeletons didn't survive either.
Samar immediately drew her bow. An arrow pierced one of the kaltas of the front line but it didn't stop it. Erion did the same with his crossbow but didn't reach any of his targets. Thost had advanced a step with respect to the group and waited with his sword and shield.
Despite the slow progress, the group of gruesome enemies had covered half the distance between them. Aware of this, everyone began to take small steps backwards to gain ground and time, preserving the advantage they had with their ranged attacks, and meanwhile preparing their next shots.
Mithir repeated a second fireball attack. The young magician knew it was time to empty their firepower if they wanted to survive. The blazing explosion, again, blasting with a huge roar, pulverized the remaining zombies and kaltas that Samar had attacked. They still had three kaltas left, who were very close. They saw two more kaltas appear in the doorway and, just behind them, two strange figures, like blackened silhouettes.
Ithelas prepared a spell and as he concluded it, a huge war hammer appeared floating in the air just in front of the kaltas that were almost beside them. Samar decided to switch to a more aggressive tactic and, taking one of her special arrows, shot at close range at one of those standing next to them, blowing it up a moment later. Erion fired his crossbow on one of the kaltas and reached his target but without finishing it off. Thost moved half a step and, being careful not to get too close, attacked the kalta with his sword, but the enemy managed to dodge the attack.
That's when the putrid stench of kaltas hit their noses. Everyone started to feel horrible nausea. They could hardly contain their stomachs. If they had eaten something earlier, they would probably have vomited. The flying hammer struck a blow on one of the kaltas, punching it away slightly. The other, who was very close to Thost, pounced on him and managed to scratch his arm. Under normal conditions, the knight probably could have stopped the blow with his shield, but the nausea he felt had softened his reflexes. The scratch produced an effect that surprised Erion and his brother but not Ithelas. Thost froze, petrified. He couldn't move. Meanwhile the other two kaltas and the shadows behind them had covered much of the distance between them. The situation was becoming more complicated.
Ithelas cast a new spell, and as he completed it, touched his father's back, who gradually regained his movement as if someone who was waking up from an unpleasant nightmare. Mithir cast his images spell and this time three other Mithirs appeared in the room to be added to the real one. Samar shot a kalta that was approaching from behind with one of her special arrows and again it blew to pieces. Erion knew he had to take risks to help Thost, who was in a vulnerable situation. He took his short sword and tumbling, surprised a kalta that was about to hit the knight. Striking the sword to the side of the monster, he finally cut it down. The flying hammer hit the last kalta of the front line, killing him.
Meanwhile the two shadows and the last kalta had arrived, confronting the group that was trapped down the hall. They all retreated through the door behind them – the one that overlooked the room through which they had originally come. However, they weren’t quick enough to close the door. The kalta came in right behind them. To their surprise the two shadows moved at the same time through the wall as if there was nothing there.
The horrible stench made them all feel unwell. The kalta launched two attacks, clawing against Mithir. The first destroyed one of his images and, unfortunately, the second hit another image that turned out to be the real Mithir, who ended up paralyzed and useless. The two shadows pounced on Thost, who had huge problems containing them. He managed to avoid the blow from the first, but the second touched his arm through the shield, as if he wasn't wearing it. With the cold touch of the black figure, Thost felt his strength fading. All of a sudden, his chain mail and sword weighed significantly heavier. He was much weaker. Suddenly, what they feared most happened. In the opposite corner of the room they could see clearly a young man with elegant but vintage clothes. They had no doubt that he was another vampire.


CHAPTER 9: LIFE OR DEATH


The moment of truth had arrived. They had done everything possible to avoid this confrontation but it had not worked. They would have to fight for their lives against a formidable enemy, without the help of the magician and the knight's forces in an extreme situation.
With a huge effort to control his nausea, Ithelas raised his symbol again and repeated his prayer from before. He wasn't sure what the results would be as the symbol prayer was usually very effective against weaker undead but not against more powerful ones. After completing his prayer, one of the shadows, which was closest to the cleric, ran in fright and disappeared through the wall of the room. 
Erion watched the two figures of his brother that were still paralyzed. The young man attacked the second shadow with his sword, but his blow passed through the monster as if through thin air. Erion realized that, somehow, the blow had not been effective. Thost drew his sword and tried to hit the kalta, who managed to dodge him. The knight moved his sword slower than usual, with a lot of effort. The shadow counterattacked and hit Thost. His two arms hung down, as he dropped his sword and shield, without the strength to hold them.
The flying war hammer slammed the kalta's back with its impact, who gave a horrible shriek of pain. Then the hammer vanished into thin air. Enraged, the kalta struck a blow which reached Erion's arm. The young man felt his arm and then body begin to freeze. But with a supreme effort of concentration he managed to avoid paralysis. It was like avoiding falling asleep, barely, when you're exhausted. Knowing that there was no possibility of holding anything in, Samar loaded her last special arrow in her bow and, after making a quick turn at the last moment, she aimed at the vampire that was advancing towards them from the corner of the room, and fired. The arrow shattered the monster, who immediately turned into smoke and floated through the door.
Although the situation was still complicated, given the growing constraints, going up against only two enemies after a long fight instilled courage in the hearts of the group. Samar loaded her bow with a conventional arrow and shot the kalta. The arrow pierced its chest from side to side but it didn't finish it off. One of Mithir's images vanished, leaving a single image of the magician, who was still frozen in the middle of the room.
Then, while their hopes had been reborn, a man of about fifty years old who looked very elegant appeared in the door of the room; his bloodshot eyes left no doubt of his nature. They had before them yet another vampire. But this one was different. He had to be the leader. His presence filled the room like a tsunami beating against a beach. A primary, absolute fear consumed them completely. Nobody could do or say anything. Their bodies were not paralyzed, but they felt an uncontrollable panic.
Unexpectedly, Ithelas had a vivid image come into his mind. It was a memory of his childhood, when he was a young kid, playing with his father and mother in a field in front of the family castle in Borydos. That had been the happiest time of his life. With a superhuman effort, Ithelas managed to chant a prayer, almost in inaudible whispers. Although it was hardly heard, those murmurs reached the ears of his teammates that while they were still feeling a great panic, somehow it didn't grip them to the point of being unable to move. Soon after, the panic had softened to a deep fear but of a more conventional kind.
Erion and the kalta in front of them simultaneously attacked. The looter managed to land a blow with his short sword to the belly of the monster while the kalta struck the young man's neck with his claw. This time Erion couldn't avoid being paralyzed by the vileness of the corrupt monster. Erion was at least consoled when he saw the beast fall dead to the floor. Thost had to make a quick decision. He could, on one hand, bend over to try to collect the shield or at least his sword. But this would open his guard and leave him in a very vulnerable position against the shadow before him. Also, he was so weak that he doubted he could hold those heavy weapons. So, he chose a second option, if anything, a more reckless one. He took a knife from his belt and stabbed the monster. He surprised the shadow as it emitted a strange moan.
With a devilish speed the vampire lunged towards Samar, who was in profile with regard to the door. With the first blow against the elf's back, her quiver was shattered and the little ammunition she had left was scattered on the floor. The second blow was even more violent. Samar was thrown through the air to the other side of the room and crashed against the only wooden chair, shattering it. The blow knocked her unconscious against the wall. Without missing a beat, the vampire turned and moved towards the knight.
Ithelas threw himself in front of the shadow and chanted a new prayer, the same one he had used days ago during their unpleasant encounter with the spiders. The shadow began to throw punches at the theoretically defenseless cleric, but the spell prevented any of the blows from reaching him. Thost used this moment of confusion to thrust his dagger. This time he was successful and the monster's cry was so horrible that it froze their blood. The figure broke and faded, finally, leaving some ash remains on the ground along with the knight's dagger. 
But the joy did not last long. The vampire was quite close to him now and looked him straight in the eye with a terrible glare. Thost felt his will leave him. First, he became very still. Then he began to feel a loss of control, like he must obey the creature.
Ithelas was still chanting with his eyes closed. But the skilled vampire didn't try to attack him. Finally, he simply stood in front of him and waited a while. Shortly later Ithelas could not sustain his enchantment any longer and stopped praying. In just that moment the vampire lunged at him and grabbing his head, forced him to look him in the eye. Ithelas resisted with all his will, but after a long struggle, he couldn't help but feel his body become unresponsive as well. He became still and calm. He would do the will of his master.
The end had come. Erion and his brother were still paralyzed because of the horrible kalta scratches. Thost and his son had seen their will subjugated to their powerful adversary. The anger and hatred that conveyed the look of the abject creature seemed endless.
“You’re going to pay dearly for the tremendous insolence that you have committed. You're going to die, one by one, but before that I promise you are going to suffer like hell,” the angry monster said.
The vampire then struck Thost in the leg. For a moment they thought he’d broken it. The knight fell and could not help wincing. However, he said nothing; his master would not allow him to speak.
“Leave him alone, you coward! You only attacked him because you know he can't defend himself,” Erion managed to stammer, still unable to move.
“Why would I allow him to defend himself? He would be no match for me anyway, insolent insect,” the vampire said, turning to Erion.
Vuthral then carefully looked at Erion and sensed the special connection between him and Mithir. He had no doubt that they were relatives or close friends.
“I see you care for the magician a lot,” he told Erion with a vile grin. “It's time for you to bid him farewell,” he added before he lunged at Mithir's neck. 
At that time, when all hope was lost, the vampire threw an agonized and angry cry. A wooden stick had pierced through his back and peered now out the left side of the chest. After writhing for a moment the vampire dropped dead. Ithelas and his father felt, suddenly, that they’d been released from a horrible trance. What had happened?
In the other corner of the room Samar was panting wearily. Although she had no ammunition, she had grabbed one of the thin and splintered legs of the chair that she had just smashed and had somehow managed to use it as a projectile in her bow. Not only that, but despite the precarious balance that such a projectile could have, she had reached the monster's heart. It was a shot in a million. 

*******

The paralysis of the brothers had ended at last. The group was battered but whole again. Though they had survived, they knew they didn't have much time. They had almost exhausted their ammunition and their magic, and there were at least three vampires that would return a few hours later. They had to finish the job and get out of there as soon as possible.
Before restarting their search they had to eliminate the lord of the castle. Although a wooden stake into the heart kills a vampire, if removed, the monster will come back to life with intact abilities. They had to destroy the body. Erion opened the hatch in the roof of the laboratory, which gave access to the tower. He helped Ithelas carry the corpse and, between the two, climbed the spiral staircase. They pushed the body into the room, which was illuminated by daylight that entered directly through its four large windows. After leaving the body on the floor they immediately descended through the trapdoor, only poking their heads in, observing impatiently. In a few moments the sun burned and destroyed the vampire's body, turning it into ashes. They returned to the group.
They had to find the damn box and get out of there. They decided to explore the crypt first. The room adjacent to the crypt of the five vampires was undoubtedly the main vault where the lord of the castle lay. There was a huge sarcophagus, carved in stone. The work had great artistic merit; it was like a great sculpture, but it also was gloomy, with four huge gargoyles in each corner and the figure of a dragon on the lid. Huge chandeliers lit the room. On the back wall, a multicolored stained glass depicted the scene of a dragon flying over rugged mountains. One of the windows was broken and they saw that behind the window there was only the castle's stone wall. The light effect must be maintained by magic. With great disappointment they could see that there was neither sign of the box nor any valuables.
They entered the last crypt which was down the hall. It was similar to everything in the lord of the castle's crypt, and again held only one sarcophagus. The only difference was that this was somewhat smaller. They found no trace of what they sought for.
Mithir looked in, illuminating with his stick the big room at the end of the hall where the army of the undead had come out of. The room was very large. There were traces of rotting meat, bones and even members lying on the ground in several places. The room had an indescribable odor. There were also animal remains in a corner. Possibly, they used the rotting bodies, after removing all the blood, to feed that gruesome troop. Mithir didn't have to look much to certify that the box was not there.
The door of the narrow hallway was the only one left they had yet to explore. Erion opened it without any issues. As he had suspected, it was noisy but that didn't matter anymore. The group ventured down the long corridor that spun at the end to the left. It was a dark, damp and dirty corridor: a real dungeon. Around the corner, the hall featured eleven doors, five on each side, and one at the end. They were all open and basically comprised dark dungeons with shackles on the walls and, in some cases, a cot of the worst quality. They found nothing, until they came to the last door on the right. A young woman was lying unconscious on the ground. Erion used his picks to open the bars. She was alive but appeared malnourished and weak. She had wounds on her wrists which undoubtedly had been caused by the shackles. He looked at her face and hands. She was very beautiful. Erion felt pity for the sorry state of the young woman; he wanted to help her. He picked her up and left the dungeon. 
Meanwhile, Samar and Thost explored the last room down the hall. It was essentially a torture chamber. There were traces of blood in various colors on the ground. Various instruments and tools appeared to have been used recently. There was no one there, nor did they find anything else. They left that horrendous basement area and returned to the main hall. They had checked all the doors and hadn't found what they were looking for.
Erion led them to the elegant lounge of gloomy paintings. There was a comfortable couch where he placed the young woman. He asked Ithelas to do what he could for her. The cleric checked her and made some cures. Then he confirmed that she had no serious wounds, at least on her body; she was just exhausted and malnourished. They could do more for her when they left that place.
Erion instructed Samar and Thost to take down the paintings and, repeating the operation of the hall upstairs, they removed them from the frames, folded and stored them. Thost felt his strength partially recovered and returned to the room to pick up his shield and sword. He hadn't had enough energy to carry them until now.
Erion left the room and returned to the hall, coming back moments later. He stood in the doorway, looking to one side and the other several times.
“I think there might be another hidden room,” he said finally.
“What?” Ithelas immediately responded, feeling more restless by the minute.
“Here,” he said, pointing to a wall of the room. “There is a space ... let’s find a hidden door, we have nothing to lose. Let's check this wall of the room or perhaps the south wall of the corridor. In fact, I'll start there. It will be easier,” he added.
Erion, Mithir and Samar went into the hallway and checked every inch of the wall that the young man had mentioned. Ithelas stayed in the lounge caring for the young captive with his father. Erion and the others returned a while later with no breakthroughs. Then, they began to check the room. They first moved all the furniture against the wall that Erion wanted to check, to facilitate the job. They also took down the wall decorations. 
“Here's something,” gestured Mithir excitedly.
The magician had just removed a disturbing mask that hung on the wall halfway up. It represented something like a skull, but still had some meat on one side of the face. Mithir found it quite disgusting and distasteful. He went to take it down when he felt a kind of hidden lever behind it.
Erion came running and checked the mechanism. It was simple and didn't seem to have any traps connected to it; they had practically done nothing to hide it. The young man flipped the spring and a door opened in the middle of the wall where there was nothing before. It was likely the vampire had thought it unnecessary to hide something so well that was already in the basement, considering how well protected the place was. This would also allow him to get in and out of that hidden room easily and effortlessly, without having to disable any trap or remove protective spells. That convenience of their host had saved them time and effort.
Erion walked into the room, which was very dark. He lit a torch and then felt stunned. The room was packed to the brim with hundreds of objects. Three large chests full of gold coins were the first thing that caught the young man's attention. There was also a cabinet containing a complete set of dinnerware and silverware which also had fine engraving work. Several statues of similar style to the ones they had seen in the library were piled in a corner. There was also a large drawer where they had saved a lot of paintings. Two large display cases, hanging on a wall, revealed an incredible collection of jewelry in all their glory. Another cabinet stored in its upper shelves several large jars with red liquid and several much smaller ones of many colors on the bottom shelf. Erion checked one of the large jars and found that it was some sort of blood. The small bottles seemed to be magic potions. In the background there were two closed chests as well.
The young man led the group to the room asking them to not even approach the two closed chests. Everyone gasped. That treasure could rival that of a king of a small state or a baron of a wealthy territory. Unfortunately, even if they had two huge trucks loaded to the brim, they couldn't take everything. They all looked at different things that interested them and then returned to the room to discuss.
“We can't take everything,” Ithelas resumed.
“Neither this, nor the fifth part of all of this,” Mithir added.
“We'll have to choose. In addition, we still have to find the box, and that's the most important thing,” Samar said.
“Listen to me. The first thing is opening the two closed chests. I sense that there may be some difficulty in the process, but that they would also contain more valuable treasures. If I am right, we must look at everything before choosing what we want to take. Fingers crossed that the box is in one of them,” Erion said.
“Wait. What if we open the portal right here and go back and forth multiple times? We could take everything,” Thost said, thinking for a moment in his plan to recover his name.
“We can't be sure that such a thing is possible. Many portals are unidirectional; they only allow the flow to a destination,” Mithir gestured.
“Besides, there is the problem of the enemies that are still around, especially the vampires. We had agreed to open the portal in the valley, to prevent any of those monsters following us back to Bor. I would not want to be responsible for bringing home such a monster,” Ithelas said.
“I know. I know. We had already spoken about it. I just wanted to dream for a moment. A fortune like this would change our lives forever,” the knight said.
They paused and each imagined himself for a moment, back at home and with that wealth in hand. Erion asked them to wait there and headed back to the room. He had to check those chests. As he walked into the room he was hopeful that the box would be in one of them. But what if the box wasn't in those chests? It was a scenario that he didn't want to even contemplate. The first thought that someone might have is that the riches they could take from the mansion were even higher than the reward they had been offered. Therefore, some might consider it best to focus on accumulating and transporting everything they could and forget the mission. But Erion knew this would be a serious mistake. If they dismiss a contract like that, leaving the client without what he needed, but returning laden with riches, with certainty that client would never, ever hire them again. This would prevent them from having other opportunities to gain new funds in other future jobs with him. Without the information and teleport scrolls that his client had given them, it would have been very difficult for them to acquire such a profitable and exciting assignment as this. 
Additionally, contractors talked among themselves. It would be only a matter of time before all the other clients learned news about their behavior and would eliminate any other option to gain lucrative contracts in the future. They would become outlaw adventurers. Although the treasure was important, it did not fulfill all the aspirations that they could have. For example, Mithir wanted to build a wizard tower and a large laboratory, and that could cost a lot more than ten thousand gold coins. Even if they had the option of taking everything, it was possible that Mithir's part wouldn't reach that figure, although certainly it would be close. If they couldn't embark on more adventures, they would also need money to support themselves for life, and this was not cheap in a kingdom such as Bor; only the nobles with vassals, who regularly pay their taxes, had automatically ensured sustenance; and yet, they had to administer their money well and not spend foolishly or otherwise, even they wouldn't have sufficient income. The conclusion was clear: first priority, the box; second priority, what they could take, but without compromising their security on their return home.
Erion stood in front of the first chest. He began to carefully review the lock with his picks but was careful not to try to open it. He confirmed his suspicions: the chest had a trap, a spring that would be activated if he tried to open it without the key. He tried to find a way to release the mechanism but the chest was very well built. It was virtually impossible to access the spring without opening the chest first. This only left one way out. He'd have to open the lock with the picks first; he'd have to do it in a way so that the mechanism wouldn't be forced at all, as if he had the key itself in hand.
The lock was average sized. He estimated that a straight five pick would be the best option to exercise primary pressure. He complemented this election with a medium angled crowbar; he had several of those but decided to use his lucky pick. He’d had it for a very long time. He slowly introduced the two tools, seeking foothold in the tooth guard. He pressed lightly until he heard the first clack of the spring. Now only the last step was left, the hardest. With the pick in an angle, he pushed slightly to the right and then ... he heard a clack again, this time the pivot guard. The lock was open, and he had managed to avoid the trap.
He opened the lid and saw within six potions of different colors. It was a big chest to only hold those flasks; maybe at another time it held different things. He pocketed the bottles and headed to the last chest. After checking the lock, he concluded that it was not dangerous. However, it would not be easy to open. It was of great quality and quite old. He counted no less than five twist springs, which were wonderfully structured in multiple directions, which would make it very difficult to open; difficult, but not impossible.
He took his lucky pick again. He had to work thoroughly. It took nearly fifteen minutes but he finally got it. The chest creaked open. That lock had brought him to the very limit of his abilities. If it had been a little older or rustier, he would have failed; also if the lock would have had a sixth spring. In any case, he felt very satisfied; few could pick a lock like that.
He opened the lid of the chest and, within it, there were several objects: a shield, a cape and armbands. Finally, at the bottom of the chest, there lay a beautiful wooden box. He recognized the namal by the hard and tough texture and the slightly yellowish brown color. The box had a very thin silver plate covering the lid and two sides. The plate had a fine engraving job representing a hill with some dwarves that climbed to the top, loading picks in one hand and torches in the other. On the sides, a large shield with a dragon in the middle covered most of the space. The box was closed. There was no doubt that this was what they were looking for.
Erion took the box and all the other objects, returned to the room and put everything on a table. Everyone in the group was excited to finally have found what they were looking for. They gave a quick look at the other objects and distributed them among the pouches. Erion explained the discovery of the other potions and they all agreed that he should keep them. With everything they had taken, there was hardly space in anyone's bag.
“Mithir, I think it's time to use your bag,” Erion said, while his brother nodded. “Take what you can from the first chest.”
They all followed Mithir curiously, who had just taken out a small bag with patches from one of the pockets of his robe. It looked quite old. It could likely not carry more than two hundred coins. The magician stood in front of the first chest and began to take large handfuls of coins, stuffing them in the sack. For some reason the sack never seemed full. The jingle of coins left no doubt that, really, the magician was depositing them in the small bundle. A while later the chest was already less than half full ... and Mithir's bag still wasn't completely filled. It was unheard of. 
“How is this possible?” Ithelas asked, curious.
“Yes, please tell us,” Thost pleaded.
The magician smiled but said nothing. They didn't know whether it was because he was busy picking up coins or because he really didn't want to answer them.
“It's a container bag,” Samar explained suddenly.
“A what?” the cleric said.
“A container bag. You can put a lot more in than its physical condition can hold. Besides, its weight hardly varies. I think it has to do with most of the content actually transferring to another plane of existence. I've already seen one,” the elf added.
Mithir was getting more and more coins in the bag when he finally stopped. 
“It's full,” he said by gestures, as he put the bag in his pouch.
The magician had virtually emptied an entire chest. Meanwhile, Erion had opened the display cases and was collecting all the jewelry, wrapping them into pieces of cloth, and storing them in the two outer pockets of his pouch. Finally, he went to the corner of the room where there was a large box with more paintings. He checked them one by one and chose three of them. With his knife he quickly removed them from their frames, rolled them up and also put them in his bag.
They returned to the room. Erion glanced at all the pouches and concluded that there wouldn't be room for anything else. He then addressed Ithelas and asked about the status of the young woman.
“She's weak. But she's not in danger,” the cleric said.
“You think we can wake her?” Erion asked.
“I don't think we can or, frankly, we shouldn't wake her now,” Ithelas said.
They made a mental review of all they had managed to take and concluded that they couldn't do much better. It was time to escape from that lost place from the hand of Oris. Although it would have been optimal for Thost to carry the young woman, his weakened state made it impossible. He could barely stand the weight he carried, even though they had placed in his bag the lighter objects. Erion placed the young woman on his shoulders with Ithelas' help. Fortunately, she was a thin girl. Still, walking represented a considerable effort for him. 
It was time to go. They left the basement, rising gently from the spiral staircase and, as they had discussed, they continued up and went straight to the tower. When they got there, an arrow whistled past their ears and reached Mithir, who fell to the ground enfeebled.
“Take cover!” Ithelas yelled, pointing to the east window.
That window faced the other tower. The guardsmen had to be shooting from there. Everyone ran for cover. Erion briefly looked out the other window to observe the situation and then came back to the group. The cleric withdrew the arrow from Mithir's side and made some quick cures. The wound was still oozing blood. Unfortunately, Ithelas had exhausted all his magical power and could not heal, so he had to apply two doses of healing ointment on the wound and then a bandage on it.
“This will make you feel better, but, to any possible extent, you should avoid heavy physical exertion in the coming hours,” the cleric said.
Soon they realized that the whole regiment of soldiers was on alert and were surrounding them and targeting from different angles of the parapet, the exterior of the castle and the other tower. With all the noise they had made in the basement fighting off skeletons, vampires and zombies, it was impossible that the soldiers hadn't noticed their presence; they could even be considered fortunate that the castle area in which they were housed was hidden and thus inaccessible from the area where the soldiers were gathering. It would be extremely difficult and risky to get out of there. Then Mithir saw it clearly; this was the moment for which they had prepared.
“Listen to me. I can get you out of here in one piece. But it will be difficult,” he said.
“How are you going to do it?” Samar asked directly.
“With magic, of course,” clarified Mithir. “But you're going to have to entrust your life to me. If anyone doubts and stays behind, I can’t do anything for that person.”
The young magician paused and looked at all of the group members as if trying to assess the degree of confidence that he had managed to establish with each of them. 
“We need to jump out the south window; jump high and out. And we must do it very close together, almost simultaneously. While we fall we must cover our flanks with Thost and Ithelas' shields. It is possible that during the first moments the soldiers may shoot at us,” he explained.
“But what are you saying? Have you gone mad?” Ithelas said.
“No, not at all. He knows his stuff. He can take us to the valley below, in one piece. But you're going to have to blindly trust him,” Erion said.
After a brief but intense debate, the fear of losing more time in that place convinced everyone to follow Mithir's plan. They had taken too long to find the box. If they took longer the vampires would return, and with almost their entire magical potential exhausted, their strongest warrior in poor condition and daytime quickly wearing away, they would have no chance of survival.
They stood close together, just as the magician asked. Erion was in the front, with the girl on his shoulders. The huge glassless window let them feel the cold breeze coming from the valley. He could see, about twelve steps below, the base of the cliff where several soldiers were waiting for them with their weapons ready. The ledge between the castle wall and emptiness was particularly narrow at that point; it was no more than two or three steps wide. They also saw their destination far below, the valley. Between the height of the ridge and the height of the tower where they now were, there could be fifty to sixty steps. This was a fall far more than any human being could survive under normal conditions. Erion instantly turned and looked in his brother's eyes. Then he smiled, ran to the window and jumped into the void.


CHAPTER 10: LEAP INTO THE VOID


After Erion's jump, Mithir followed almost immediately, with Ithelas and Thost on each side, raising their shields and trying to protect the group. Samar then jumped. When the moment of crossing the threshold of the window came, she hesitated only for an instant, and then jumped after them; therefore, as they fell, Samar was a little delayed from the group.
Several arrows began to rain over them from different directions. Thost managed to stop two with his shield. The others, although they passed close by, did not reach them. They passed very close to the soldiers at the base of the cliff as they fell, but the trajectory of their jump took them away, directly into the valley. The speed of their fall began to accelerate significantly, and that was when, suddenly, the pace of the decline slowed. They continued to fall into the void but did now at a steady pace and not an excessive one. It was very strange. Mithir was certainly responsible.
They no longer felt arrows around them; the angle of their position had been left outside the scope of the archers guarding the castle. After a while, which seemed eternal to them, they saw the valley floor nearby. Erion landed deftly placing his feet first, slightly apart. While he landed, he finished braking with a brief run of four or five steps. This way he avoided any harm to the young woman he was carrying. Thost fell and couldn’t land on his feet, so he dropped to a roll without much injury. Ithelas fell, however, in an unfavorable position and hit himself against the cliff. He got up shortly after and complaining of a sore hip. Mithir then landed without problems. He had the most appropriate position for landing. It was obvious that he had practiced the maneuver before. Despite his soft landing, the impact with the ground threatened to reopen the wound in his side, but, fortunately, it did not happen. Samar arrived a moment later, falling to the ground and giving a double somersault. She stood below, shaking dirt from her clothes.
“Are you okay, Ithelas?” Mithir asked, seeing the grimace on the cleric's face.
“I'm hurt, but it's nothing serious,” said the young man. “It was incredible. How ...”
“Take cover behind that bush,” urged Erion. “We are not safe here.”
His friends responded immediately, following the young man and entering a group of large shrubs. Ithelas walked but was visibly limping. Erion had thought to ask the young cleric to carry the young woman for a while, since his neck was starting to hurt. But he thought it would probably be asking too much, after the rugged fall he had taken.
“How are you? I see that you're limping. Can you get to the clearing?” Erion asked Ithelas.
“Yes. But I can't go very fast. The place where we left our backpacks is not far, fortunately.”
“Let's go; no time to lose,” said Thost while starting the march.
This time, Thost and Samar led the way. They followed a slightly less direct route, to stay under cover as much as possible, hiding in the vegetation. They tried to avoid offering a clear shot from the soldiers of the castle. At the same time, it was possible that a party of guards was descending into the valley to hunt them down. So they should leave immediately. They arrived a little later to the formation of trees where they had left their equipment. Although the place was, indeed, more or less close, Ithelas, Erion and Thost arrived almost exhausted. Thost still felt extremely weak, so getting there with a loaded pouch had taken a great effort.
At the back they saw the clearing where their backpacks waited for them. It really was not a matter of life or death to recover them, but they preferred not to leave any trace of their visit there. They couldn't leave any chance that the soldiers might discover the equipment as this would give them clues on where and how to find them. Besides, that small clearing among a group of trees was the closest place where they could open the portal without raising any suspicion and escape from that cursed valley.
They moved to the clearing. Erion was the first one to see their equipment against a tree. They had made it. They could almost smell Dreshpho's roast back in the mansion when Samar asked them to stop with an almost violent gesture. She made the sign for them to keep silence and then pointed to the opposite side of the clearing. Two tugrims rested peacefully near a tree. They felt their blood run cold. The whole group, under normal conditions, could have faced and overcome those two monsters. Surely they would have had some difficulty, but would’ve survived without any fatal injuries. However, the condition of the group was quite bad; they had exhausted virtually all their magical energy, they had no special ammunition, they were starving and thirsty, and several were wounded; they wouldn't stand a chance against the tugrims. They didn't even have the advantage of surprise. Samar could shoot and surprise the monsters, but her peculiar system of concealment made it impossible to know the exact place where they were, let alone hit them with an arrow from a distance. Moreover, the tugrims were too close to their equipment, so they couldn't reach it without alerting the beasts. 
“Let's go back. Let's leave the equipment. It's very risky,” Samar said in a whisper.
“Wait. Let me try something,” Mithir said with gestures.
The young magician prepared the last spell of the day. It was a simple cantrip, one of the first spells he had learned long ago. Some dim lights, like several dragonflies of good size, appeared floating across the clearing, above the tugrims. The beasts were still asleep, resting. Mithir began to move the lights in ever-widening concentric circles around the image they saw of the beasts. Probably he'd have to place the lights hovering above the animals to awaken them. So they'd have to reach the exact point where they were resting. Soon they saw the images of the tugrims opening their eyes and looking up. It was strange because over the two images of the beasts there was nothing, but at this point everyone understood what was happening. Mithir then began to move the lights slowly northward toward the castle. The beasts began to follow the lights and, after a while, there was no sign of them. Mithir, still guiding the lights further and further away, opened his eyes and smiled. He had exhausted all his magical energy. He wouldn't be able to do even the simplest spell until the following day.
“It's our opportunity. Hurry!” pleaded Erion.
They walked quickly to the backpacks, while the magician was pulling out the carefully folded scroll that was stored in one of the inside pockets of his robe. He started making gestures as he was muttering what was in the scroll. The murmur was unintelligible to everyone and it was very dim, too, hard to hear. But the magic seemed to work anyway. Moments later, a portal had opened before them, similar to the one they had used two days earlier. They all picked up their backpacks and entered the portal one by one.

*******

Erion was surprised that the impression of vertigo this time was even greater than on the previous occasion. He didn't know if fatigue had something to do with it, or perhaps the weight of the young girl on his shoulders. He knew that the effect would not last, and he closed his eyes, kept patient and waited. Soon after, he could feel the reassuring sensation of ground beneath his feet. He opened his eyes. They were in a forest next to a large river. He felt cold. They had left that hot and humid tropical climate behind. The vegetation and the landscape made him feel at home. Although he was a bit puzzled. Undoubtedly, they were not in the same forest from where they had left, close to the mansion on the hill.
The rest of the group was there and looked at each other wondering where they were. It was late in the afternoon. Everyone started to pick up some clothes from their bags for warmth. Ithelas was visibly shivering.
“I see you're back. All of you,” said a voice behind them.
They turned and saw Phoroz, the dark elf, their client, with his distinctive red eyes. He was accompanied by a strange gnome fully dressed in hunting clothes, which would enable him to camouflage well in the field. Samar noticed that he also wore a cloak woven by her people.
“Yes. Where are we, if I may ask?” asked Thost.
“In the Mositus Mark. That is the Calen River. Across it lays Fugor, the nation of the orcs,” Phoroz said.
The group was too exhausted to digest news like this. After all their efforts they were now just steps away from the most dangerous country in the world of Oris.
“Do you have the box?” asked the dark elf directly.
“Here it is,” Ithelas said, after grabbing the object from his bag.
A big smile lit up the face of the sinister character. Erion was sure that this was the first time he’d ever seen him smile. He couldn't remember seeing even a grimace of a smile in any of the previous occasions when they had met.
“You've succeeded! Fantastic!” Phoroz said as he handed the box to the gnome.
He bent down to give some instructions, almost in whispers. The gnome saved the box in a bag on his back and ran toward the river. They saw a small canoe he had hidden on the shore. It was so small it couldn't even carry a man. With large strokes the gnome began to paddle toward the opposite shore.
“He's going to Fugor!” Mithir exclaimed, surprised. 
“Right. But you don't have to worry about it. You have already done your part beyond all my expectations. Now we can only cross our fingers,” said the elf with a slightly more friendly tone than they remembered having heard before. “Who is that girl?” he asked.
“She was captive in the vampire's castle,” said Samar.
“She's lucky. You saved her from the horror. Well, we're not safe here. Follow me,” Phoroz said.
They walked a few steps behind him. Finally the elf stopped and asked them to stand close together forming a circle, shoulder to shoulder. Then, the dark elf introduced himself in the middle of the circle and, after saying a few words, a ring that he was wearing begun to shine. After a while they were elsewhere. It had happened without the vertigo they had felt after going through the portal; simply, suddenly, they were in a different place. It was the outdoor patio of the mansion on the hill.
“Here are your fees,” Phoroz said, giving Thost a bag. “I have included a little extra because I need you to do me a favor. I want to buy one of your horses. I must go immediately to the capital. I have to be there before dawn.”
Thost went to the barn, grabbed a brown horse with white spots and handed the reins to the elf. 
“Here you go. It is a docile and fast horse. It will serve you well. Anyway, I think you'd get there faster using your ring,” said the knight.
“Yes, but I can use it only once a day. So, I have to ride,” said the elf.
“Okay, but the capital is far away. Even with a fast horse you won't get there until tomorrow afternoon,” estimated Thost.
“Not when you feed it this sugar,” he said, putting his hand closer to the horse's mouth. “Don't worry, it will not suffer. I know how much you care for your horses.”
Phoroz mounted the horse and said goodbye with a wave of his hand. Then he rode at high speed down the hill.


CHAPTER 11: THE PRELUDE TO THE BATTLE


The orb rested on a pedestal in the center of the room. Urlabus had oriented it towards the north window, pointing directly to Fugor. Everything was ready, but they were still waiting for the right time to activate it. Vargarr and Urlabus waited patiently, sitting in the room. Sathudel was downstairs, in the door of the tower, waiting for the mail. They needed to receive good news right now to put their plans in motion. 
Following Vargarr's recommendations, Lakajev had left that afternoon to go back to Borydos. It was the right time to get away from the events that were about to happen. All the nobles had departed after giving the final instructions to their corresponding colonels. The operation was now under Vargarr's full command. Sathudel appeared at the door.
“They have finished. At last!” he exclaimed.
“Finally, it was about time,” said the major. “Have all the trenches established in the plan been completed? Or are they half done?”
“The mail said that everything is finished. There are no weak points in our fortifications. We could stop an army of orcs with minimal casualties,” Sathudel said.
“We'll see. It's not so easy to fight against these beasts, as some believe. The important thing is that we are ready. Urlabus, begin preparing the orb. The time has come.”
The magician went to get a bag from which he pulled out a wand and immediately approached the orb, starting to make some magical gestures. 
“How long will it take to activate?” Sathudel asked.
“It looks like in a matter of minutes. Then, the effects begin immediately, but considering the distance, it’s likely the enemies will come in numbers at dawn,” Vargarr said calculating, perceiving that it was already dark.
“We must be prepared, then,” said Sathudel.
“Yes. I will return to the forefront right away. We will place double guards and leave a detachment of archers entrenched overnight. The bulk of the troops will rest. They will have instructions to prepare for a great battle early in the morning. I'll keep watch during the night. They will not surprise us. You must stay here, watching the ‘prisoner,’” ordered the major.
“Yes, sir,” said the guard.
“Done. The orb is active and pointing towards Fugor,” Urlabus declared.
They all turned to contemplate the strange ball and its little pedestal in the center of the room. Occasionally, it gave off tiny light green flashes. Now all they had to do was wait. 

*******

It was almost noon and Vargarr was infuriated. During the night and the hours of that day they hadn't seen a sign of a single orc. He had sent a few scouts to visit the border posts and they were expected to return at any time before noon. He tried not to worry. Perhaps it was only a short delay. 
He had just returned from a brief visit to the tower where Urlabus had assured and reassured him that the orb was certainly active and pointing in the right direction. With this information, but not much more tranquil, Vargarr had gone back to the front trying to be patient. The situation made him uneasy. Perhaps the orcs were more distant from the border than they expected; it may take them longer to get there than they thought. Or maybe something was wrong, badly wrong.
The direct subordinates of the major knew that he was in a bad mood and tried to avoid him as much as possible. Vargarr couldn't find a place to calm down and went back and forth between the command tent and different positions on the hill. Finally, he could see in the distance the first of the messengers coming back from the northeast, followed shortly by the other messenger that was distinguished farther to the northwest.
When they reached the top of the hill they went to him directly and told him the news of the border. None of the posts had been attacked; they hadn't even seen any enemy trying to cross the river. This was unheard of! His plan was starting to water. He returned to the command tent without a word, opened a bottle of his best brandy and poured a long drink. He drank. He should calm down. They still had time and things may change at any moment. He decided to sit and wait.

*******

It was dawn and Vargarr looked bad. He hadn't slept for two nights and couldn't remember ever being so frustrated and angry. The orcs hadn't attacked, and they were running out of time! He had had to give orders for the Kiyats, Golsou and Borydos detachments to immediately part at dawn. They couldn't risk having the troops there any longer. The Borydos troops were the first to leave the camp; they were the ones that had a longer way back home. The others were still preparing. 
The Mositus and Central Bor troops would remain there for a few more days. Although the maneuvers were not planned to last for many more days, no one would be surprised if they were extended a little more. Vargarr had faint hope that the orcs would still show up and, if so, he hoped that what he had would be enough. They may have more casualties than they expected, maybe they could even lose the battle and have to retreat, but at least they'd have irrefutable evidence to begin the war. That would be a reasonably good scenario for their goals. There was still hope.
“Sir, you must come out. A delegation just arrived and wishes to see you,” a captain said, poking his head inside the tent.
“But who do they think they are?” Vargarr cried, beside himself. 
He was red with anger. He left the tent ready to reprimand those who had dared to interrupt him at that time. Then he saw something that made his blood run cold. Leading the procession was a figure he hated deeply. General Bellish got off his horse and walked towards him.
“Vargarr, this time you've crossed all the lines and you're going to pay,” he cried.
“Sir, I don't know what you mean,” babbled Vargarr, surprised.
“I saw the troops of Kiyats and Golsou amongst the formations. You were very cunning to get the King's permission, thus avoiding me. But such authorization only allowed you to mobilize the troops of Bor Central and Mositus. This concentration of troops is unprecedented for maneuvers and if orc explorers perceive it, we could be causing a war,” said the general.
His tone was direct, haughty, and sharp: a tone that he rarely used. That occasion, in front of thousands of soldiers across the kingdom, was one of them. Vargarr had to make a superhuman effort to contain his anger. The public ridicule that he was undergoing was more than he could bear; however, he knew that he had too many problems and he shouldn't make things worse.
“Sir, it's possible that there may be soldiers from other territories from the bulk of the troops. How would I know? Possibly they are soldiers who are on leave and in their free time, have decided to join this operation voluntarily,” Vargarr said, desperately looking for a way out.
“No, no. You won't get out of this one so easily, Vargarr. Do you see that group of knights approaching? We have recognized the Golsou and Kiyats colonels among the troops and they are coming over here now. Their presence, coupled with the fact that the soldiers of the two counties aren't isolated men, but complete detachments, form irrefutable proof that this is a joint operation: an operation for which you had no authorization. Having concealed the flags of the different troops wasn't enough to fool old Bellish,” concluded the general, satisfied.
That was incredible. How had he managed to track down the colonels so easily among many troops? 
“The truth is that I hadn't seen them. They may have come tonight, or perhaps are on leave as well. In any case, concerning your argument about the orcs’ provocation, we have scrupulously respected the limit of three leagues that the guideline of these maneuvers established. You agree with me that this should be a safe distance to avoid any provocation,” the major tried to argue desperately. 
“Silence! Not another word. I've had enough of you for today. Perhaps you convinced the King that three leagues was a reasonable distance. And maybe it would have been for training a couple of detachments, but certainly not enough if you concentrate a fucking army that you can see from ten leagues away.”
This time it was the general who was angry. 
“Vargarr, take your horse now and part immediately back to the capital. Within five days you will come see me at the royal castle where you will be informed of the disciplinary measures this entails. Until further notice you will not command the Central Bor troops. Now, go away!” ordered the general abruptly.
Vargarr felt a strong desire to strangle him right there in front of everyone. But he knew this would mean the end of his career. Maybe the old man was provoking him precisely to try to get a reaction. An event like that would give him an excuse to permanently remove him from the army. He had to contain himself. He bowed his head, closed his fists, stammered “Yes, sir” and went to get his horse.

*******

The general had to force the Mositus colonel to accompany him on his visit to Kehu, the capital of the mark. There they met with Marquis Gorusaj, who was nervous. When the general enumerated the offenses he had discovered, the marquis hastened to deny any knowledge of the participation of troops from other areas in the maneuvers and deflected the responsibility towards Vargarr. After a tense meeting, the general indicated that nobody in Mositus should get hurt by all of this if the marquis worked with him. He then requested that the colonel submit a small detachment of soldiers of his utmost confidence and that both the marquis as well as the colonel accompany him on a little tour. 
Bellish led them then to the tower where the orb remained activated. Using all his authority, he forced the detachment guarding the place to leave their posts and relieved the soldiers that the Mositus colonel had brought with him. Sathudel was the one who resisted the most but couldn't refuse a direct order from the general. In addition, when the general explained that the maneuvers were canceled and Vargarr had been sent back to Deepcliff, obstructing his actions became meaningless.
“Follow me, please,” Bellish finally said.
“Where are you leading us?” asked the marquis.
“I think it's time for you to know what really happened here,” said the general as he led Marquis Gorusag and his colonel to the top floor of the tower.


CHAPTER 12: RONU'S STORY


Erion was the last to wake up. He went to check on the girl who they had rescued from the vampire's castle. She slept soundly. The cleric had cured some of her injuries upon their arrival at the mansion, and he had given her an herb elixir to help her get better. Dreshpho had nursed her overnight so Ithelas could rest. She had changed her clothes and dressed the girl in something that Samar lent her. The two girls were of similar size. Although the young stranger had a better color than the previous day, her skin still looked a little pale.
Erion went to the kitchen where Dreshpho had left a hearty breakfast with many options prepared. Thost, Mithir and Samar were there eating and chatting. The morning light coming through the kitchen windows illuminated the white walls of the room. Erion felt then that it was a bit later than he had believed.
“Wow, the sleeping beauty has arrived,” said Thost jokingly.
“Wait, I don't think he's awake yet,” Samar added, following the joke.
Indeed, Erion was constantly blinking with half-closed eyes as he got used to the level of clarity in the kitchen.
“How did you sleep?” Mithir asked by gestures.
“Very well. I needed it. Have you been awake long?” Erion asked.
“Not really. Almost everybody came down a half hour ago. I think everyone was exhausted,” Samar said.
Erion sat down to eat. The day before they had arrived so tired that they all went to sleep after taking only some bread or some fruit, to Dreshpho's despair who’d insisted on preparing a roast, with two entrees and dessert. But the stomach of the young man remembered now that he had barely eaten in the last twenty-four hours and Erion felt able to eat one boar on his own. As they ate, they chatted amicably, recalling all the adventures that they had experienced in the recent days. 
Erion then remembered his adventures in the commander's house. It seemed like a long time had passed, but in reality it had happened little more than a week earlier. Mithir began to tell some bad jokes he had read in some book while Erion tried his best to reproduce them. Although the jokes weren't very sophisticated they all laughed with joy, as if their souls needed entertainment after all the tension and terror they had suffered. A while later, they started to talk about more serious issues.
“Well, now what?” Erion asked, addressing Thost.
“What do you mean?” asked the knight.
“You're the host. What are we going to do next?” Erion said.
“Well, let's see. We have to take care of this girl until she recovers. We also have to appraise everything we brought. And then divide the gold and everything else,” listed Thost.
“I already thought about that. But what happens next?” Erion insisted.
“That depends on you, my dear friends,” Thost said. “On my part I think we worked very well together and if you decide to do so, you can stay with us and we'll seek new adventures and new problems. Meanwhile, you are welcome in this house as long as you like,” he added.
Thost's response brightened Erion and Mithir's hearts. It was the answer that he had dreamed of a moment before asking the question. The two young men, who had been too accustomed to solitude, started to feel like they were a part of something bigger.
“Sorry to interrupt,” said Ithelas, appearing at the door and perceiving that the conversation had some transcendental tone. “The young woman just woke up,” he added.
Everyone got up and rushed into the room where the stranger had spent the night. As they arrived in the room Dreshpho smiled, sitting next to the girl, close to the headboard. The young woman had opened her eyes but still looked weak.
“How do you feel?” Thost asked.
The girl looked at the group of strangers briefly before answering.
“Sore,” she said in a confused tone. “Where am I?”
“You're in the Mansion on the Hill south of Ekunon in Central Bor County,” Erion said.
“Wh... Where?” asked the girl.
“Central Bor,” repeated Erion.
“Bor! How it is possible? That's on the other side of the world!” said the girl.
She looked even more confused and puzzled at the group in front of her. She looked around, as if trying to find some explanation that did not reach her.
“Well. Take it easy. Step by step. What's your name?” said Thost.
“My name is Ronu. I'm from Bergen, on the island of Megara, Kingdom of Tylar,” said the girl.
“Tylar. That's what we had suspected,” Mithir said by gestures.
The girl looked at the magician even more confused, if it were possible. And she was even more surprised to see how Erion spoke almost at the same time that the magician made gestures.
“Ronu, my name is Erion and I'm from Lefport, Borydos County, in the Kingdom of Bor. This is my brother Mithir and he is mostly mute. So, I reproduce his words based on the sign language he uses. Nice to meet you,” the young man introduced himself, trying to clear things up.
“I am also delighted,” said the knight. “My name is Thost and this is my home, where you are welcome. This is my son Ithelas. He has healed your wounds. That is Samar. And that one over there is Dreshpho, our beloved cook and friend. She has had a virtually sleepless night taking care of you.”
She looked at all of them and began to sob. She began shedding a few tears that soon after became a cry.
“What is it? Are you okay?” Ithelas asked.
“Yes. I'm ... fine ... thanks. Thank you all!” Ronu managed to articulate.
It seemed that she wanted to say more. So, they all fell silent and waited. It was obvious that Ronu needed more time.
“What do you remember?” Thost finally asked.
“I ... was in a castle. That man ... he was older and dressed very elegant, but a bit old fashioned. I crossed him in the street ... I was almost home,” said the girl.
At this point in her story she had to stop. She felt a terrible lump in her throat. Her mother. She would probably be worried sick because she hadn't come home in so many days.
“I live with my mother in the center of Bergen. She doesn't know where I am. I have to find a way to get a message to her,” said the girl.
“I still don't know how, but we'll find a way to help you,” Erion promised.
“Please go on with your story,” requested Thost, trying to change the subject after seeing that the girl was very concerned about the situation with her mother, and understanding that at that time they couldn't do anything about it.
“The man ... looked at me. Somehow I had to follow him. It's like I was watching what was happening from above, feeling my body walk without being able to respond,” Ronu said as she paused. “He took me in an elegant carriage. He didn't say anything the whole way. He just sat there, still. It took several hours to reach our destination. It was a carriage without windows, so I had no idea where we were going. When he ordered me to get out of the carriage, and I found myself in the courtyard of a castle. He took me inside an elegant room with antique furniture and told me to rest. When he closed the door I recovered ... I don't know how to say it ... my conscience or maybe the control over my body. So I tried to find a way out, but the door was locked and there was no other exit. After trying for a few hours, I failed to find a way out of there, so finally I fell asleep.”
At this point the girl paused and asked for a glass of water. She was very thirsty. Dreshpho brought it right away and she drank thirstily. When she finished, the cook went to get a second glass of water and put it on the table if she wanted more later.
“I woke up a few hours later. A very strange man, who then acted as a servant or butler or something, tapped me on the shoulder. He gave me some clothes and told me to get dressed. It was an elegant black night gown. When he left the room I put it on. I thought perhaps it would work so I could leave the bedroom and know more about the place where I was staying. A while later, the man came back, opened the door and told me to follow him. I went through a corridor and then a huge room with a mosaic of pebbles on the ground, and finally to a dining room where the man was sitting at one end of the table. At the other end there was a full service and some food. The servant told me to sit there, and I did. I was hungry and started to eat without thinking much. The man had no food. I asked him if he'd have dinner and told me he would later. He just stayed there, watching. Needless to say, during the entire journey and my stay in that room, I tried to notice every detail, looking for clues on how to escape from that place. For example, when I passed through the mosaic room I noticed that there was a large door, which I thought could take me to the street. I heard footsteps outside and thought it might not be so easy to escape. During the meal, I got a dessert knife and hid it in my dress. When I finished dinner, the man bid me good night without coming close to me, and the servant led me back to my room. I lay down and I pretended I was asleep for half an hour. Then I got out of bed and, grabbing the knife that I’d taken, I tried to pick the lock. It took me about half an hour of work, but in the end I got the door open. I hurried to the mosaic room and opened the big door. I was about to head out when I heard a voice behind me. I turned just a moment. I saw him. His eyes were full of anger. Even without saying anything, he made it clear that I would regret having tried to escape. He led me through many rooms in the basement and there he locked me in a kind of prison.”
“You don't have to tell us everything today. If you prefer, you could finish your story tomorrow,” Erion said, fearing that they would tire the young girl.
“No. I want to continue. I want to finish the story, face what just happened, then forget it and get on with my life,” Ronu said.
That girl had great strength. She was little more than a child. She probably wasn't even twenty, and it was obvious that the experience had been very traumatic. But as the minutes passed, Ronu was finding more awareness and taking control over the whole experience. Erion looked at her, impressed.
“The worst thing happened next. Another came to see me. He was also very smart and had the same dark look. He was apparently younger. He was a sadist. He tied me and beat me several times. He seemed to enjoy when I suffered. He laughed and teased me. He said I wouldn't leave there alive. He told me that I would never see my mother and they would make me a slave, licking the ground where he and his father walked. One time, I got angry and spit in his face. It was a bad idea,” said Ronu as she paused.
Dreshpho was very impressed with the young woman's story, and caressed her couple of times while she was telling it.
“That monster then moved me to another room that was very close by. In it he tied me to a kind of machine. They had another man strapped to a table in that room, with his face disfigured because of how much they had bludgeoned him. I think he was unconscious. With a rope he held my head strapped to the machine so that I couldn't move it and then, with a stick, he began beating the man. He seemed to enjoy it. Some of the blows splashed blood to the floor of the room. Then the man opened his mouth and bared long fangs, like a wolf. It was horrendous. It was when he looked at me again and lunged at me. But just then the other one came, the older one, and took him away. I don't know what he said but when the young man returned, he took me back to my cell and left me there. The next two days are like a cloud. I remember sleeping and waking up many, many times. I was very tired because the sleep was not restful. Besides, I was tied up and left in a very awkward position. My wrists were also hurt because of the bonds. Still, I tried to free myself with all my strength, but I just managed to hurt myself even more. The man gave me water to drink and a piece of bread; maybe twice, but I could not say for sure. I barely remember anything else. And then I woke up here,” said the young woman, ending her story.
Dreshpho then gave her a big kiss, told her she'd bring her something to eat and went to the kitchen, returning shortly with a tray crammed with various morsels. 
“The monster who kidnapped you is dead and will no longer bother anyone; we battled him and he fell, along with many of his legion. He was very dangerous. Possibly he was several centuries old. He was a vampire,” Thost said.
Ronu was surprised and shuddered. All of Oris had heard of vampires. Although most people thought they were legends rather than real stories. 
“Somehow it makes sense. Everything about the man was ... unnatural,” confirmed the girl.
“Ithelas has checked you and we think you're okay. With his care, your wounds will heal quickly. But the experience must have been very traumatic and you must rest in the coming days. You can stay here as long as you need and when you're recovered, we'll try to help in whatever you decide to do. This is your home,” Thost said.
Ronu thanked them for everything they were doing for her and displayed interest in knowing the full story of what happened in the castle. Ithelas told her a fairly comprehensive summary of all the adventure, avoiding details of their client, and their motivations. She ate with hunger while the cleric told the story.
Ronu was feeling better after finishing her food. She didn't want to stay in bed. They agreed to let her get up and sit on the porch outside for a while to take some air. Erion placed a blanket over her shoulders so she didn't feel cold. The girl's body was used to a tropical climate and not the cool autumn of Bor. She was surprised how different the landscape and vegetation was to what she was used to. But she told them that her home was also very nice, although very different.
A while later they persuaded her to lie down again and she, still very tired, agreed, but asked Dreshpho not to accompany her as she rested, since she felt much better. 
The group then met in the great hall. Ithelas started bringing everything they had taken from the castle, placing it in the center of the room. Erion could quite accurately determine the value of all the objects and Mithir, who had concentrated his energy for that day in magical identifications, would analyze what objects were magical and what was their usefulness.
Erion began reviewing the twelve paintings that they’d brought. After studying them for a while he concluded that the market value would be about twelve thousand gold coins, but even if they closed a great deal, they could not get more than seventy-five percent of that value if sold. He continued with the three old maps, the two candlesticks, the two handwritten books, the collection of coins and other objects they had found in the library. All this could be worth about eight thousand gold coins. The spectacular collection of jewels from the treasure room and the two rings of the servant could be worth about five thousand gold coins. Erion began to explain how and when they could sell each of the pieces to get the best possible yield, and that what they could expect would be around three-quarters of the value. Altogether it could take about five days and he might have to visit Ekunon and Deepcliff. 
“You mustn’t go alone. Someone should accompany you on this journey to ensure your safety and that of the booty,” proposed Thost, thinking about Erion's welfare; or maybe it was that he didn't fully trust the young man yet?
It was Mithir's turn. First he explained that the tugrim eyes could be worth five hundred gold coins. Then he pulled out of his pouch all the gold he had managed to load. They counted about 9,500 gold coins; this coupled with the reward of 1,500 platinum coins from Phoroz made a total equivalent of 44,000 gold coins, assuming that all the businesses went like Erion expected. They agreed to set apart four thousand coins for any expenses that the group could have and distribute the remainder in equal parts. They also agreed to provide a bonus of two hundred gold coins to Dreshpho for her dedication and help. It was a tremendously generous tip, but everyone was feeling generous.
Mithir began reviewing the other objects. The book contained twenty magic spells. He didn't know twelve of them. This was undoubtedly the object that most attracted the magician. The magic rod could be used as a club; it was especially powerful against the undead and also contained a couple of very useful magical powers. The shield provided good protection against any kind of blow. In addition, once a day they could protect themselves against one of the essential elements, such as fire. The bracelets provided a greater skill to lead them and allow them to teleport, once a day, at a distance of up to one thousand steps. Finally, the cloak let them conceal themselves more effectively, and also had an inside pocket that allowed them to save many objects efficiently; something similar to that of Mithir's sack.
After a lively debate, they agreed to distribute this as follows: Mithir took the spellbook, Ithelas the rod, Erion the cloak, Samar the bracelets and Thost the shield. Although not likely all the objects were equally valuable, everyone was happy with the deal because they got what they considered most useful to each of them. 
The four laboratory flasks proved to be potions to fly, to breathe water, to cure diseases and cure blindness, respectively. Ithelas saved them all for future use. The six found in the chest in the treasure chamber permitted the improvement of certain abilities. One made the person who drank it stronger, two of them more skilled, one smarter, one wiser and the last one provided a more vigorous constitution. They were distributed among Thost, Samar and Erion, Mithir and Ithelas respectively. They agreed to give the last of the potions to Ronu because it would help her recover. Everyone was really happy. Things had gone much better than they had imagined. 
“What are you going to do with your eight thousand gold coins?” Ithelas asked Mithir.
“First, we have to give Erion some time to sell the paintings and other things. Second, I will give two thirds to my brother so he can invest them while I continue saving to build a tower. Finally, the remaining third will go towards supporting the orphanages of Bor,” listed the magician.
“Wow! It seems that the thing about the orphans was true,” said the cleric, surprised.
In the living room, there placed a chest where they kept most of the things, closing it carefully. When they went to sit back and talk, a portal appeared in the middle of the room. Phoroz poked his head from the other side and asked them to leave everything and follow him.


EPILOGUE


After thinking for a moment Thost nodded and headed towards the dark elf and then walked into the kitchen where he told Dreshpho that they would be away, surely, for a short time. Then, he came back and told Phoroz that the next time he paid a visit he should open his portal outside of the house because appearing that way was very intrusive. The dark elf ignored this comment and said that he would only steal them for a few moments.
One by one they crossed the portal, leaving the safety and comfort of their home behind. The feeling of vertigo at the time of the transition was, this time, intense but brief. After coming out on the other side, they found themselves in a huge circular room with stone floors, walls and ceiling. The roof had to be more than ten steps high. A wide staircase curled over the wall, leading to the top level. Small floating spheres illuminated the room by magic. The room had furniture that allowed a dozen people to sit comfortably. There were some drinks on a table. Nobody sat down or drank. 
“The wizard will see you now,” Phoroz said as he began to climb the lengthy staircase.
The group began to follow the dark elf, wondering who they were going to see this time. When they reached the next level, they entered a hallway that led to numerous rooms. They crossed the hall to the end of the level where another staircase, this time in a zigzag, rose to the next level. Before entering, Phoroz took a torch from one of the walls, as if anticipating that they would find darkness at the top level. They followed him.
Indeed, the third floor was almost completely dark. They could make out the silhouette of a half-open door because a very dim light illuminated the room. The dark elf walked over there, and stuck his head into the room.
“They're here,” he said succinctly.
“Bid them to come in,” said a dry voice from inside.
Phoroz opened the door wide and turned to the group, indicating with his hand for them to pass. At that moment the room happened to be illuminated with multiple blue lights hanging from every wall. They entered. It was a large room, a studio with a large table of solid wood between light brown and ocher.
Tesero wood, Ithelas thought, always noticing these things.
The room had several shelves with many books. Most seemed very, very old. Half a dozen chairs were arranged in front of the table. Phoroz indicated, with a gesture, for them to take a seat, while he sat in one of them. The rest of the group followed suit. Behind the table there sat a much older man, almost senior, who was covered with a long and elegant cloak. His eyes were fixed on an ancient parchment in front of him and did not look up until everyone was seated. At that time he looked at each of them with great care and attention.
“Samar, Thost, Erion, Mithir and Ithelas,” said the man.
“So it is,” said Thost. “May we know your name?”
“You can call me Mengul,” said the old man.
The wizard rose from his chair with a cane and walked to the nearest shelf, where he placed the parchment he had been reading. Then he turned his cane and spoke strange words. A semitransparent shape about the size of a man appeared in the middle of the room. The old magician told him to bring drinks for the visitors and sat down again. 
“You have done a good job. I wanted to meet you. But first, I guess you have questions. This is your chance to ask them,” the man said.
The group members looked at each other. Thost took the initiative.
“What was in the box?” he asked directly.
The magician took a deep breath and began his story.
“Long, long ago, possibly the beginning of the Third Age, a powerful magician, tired of the constant battles and quarrels between the Republic of Rein, where he lived, and its neighbor, the Empire of the Nomads, decided he had to do something about it. He researched for a long time and collected powerful magical components to build a couple of artifacts. He sought two safe places on both sides of the border and there installed and activated said devices.” The wizard paused to look at them carefully and continued. “The orbs slowly caught the wrath of the people in the territory where they were and projected it to the opposite orb where it was stored. This produced a soothing and calming effect, reducing the tensions and quarrels between the neighboring borders. During the years when the orbs were active they had no relevant conflicts again and the magician thought he had reached his goal.”
The old man got up and slowly began to walk behind his desk as he continued his story.
“But, as it always happens with very powerful items, there were some restrictions. In this case if, for any reason, one of the orbs changed places or was simply turned off, then the connection between them was lost. At that moment, the deactivated orb would violently release all the accumulated anger over the territory in which it was located. In fact, this is exactly what happened, long after the death of the creator of the orbs. Someone accessed the orb that was located in the Republic of Rein and stole it. In the following days, a good part of the population, including women and young people, started crossing the border with a single purpose: to kill nomads. There was a terrible battle, but the total lack of preparation, coordination and planning led to the only possible outcome: a significant part of the population of Rein was annihilated. After that the orbs were lost. The legend then started talking about The Orb of Wrath, in the singular: a powerful object that could be used to cause wars. The knowledge of the original purpose of the orbs was lost in the annals of time,” Mengul said.
The old wizard stopped and, after looking at them again very seriously, took his seat at his desk wearily.
“For centuries the orbs were lost until a few years ago, we found out that one of them had appeared. We did not know where or how, but when the orb arrived on the scene, we knew it could cause huge disasters. For over a year I've been researching intensely and with dedication to discover the location of the other orb. I had almost lost hope, when I got my hands on the inventory that an antique art expert had made to catalog all the valuables of a castle lost in the Kingdom of Tylar, a couple of centuries ago. I was very happy, but not for long. A little later we realized that the new lord of the castle was very powerful, and even more dangerous. Fortunately we found this out just in time. A few weeks ago we learned that certain elements of the powers of Bor had the orb. I had little doubt what their intention was: to cause the onset of a war with Fugor. This could undoubtedly trigger a catastrophic series of events for the kingdom. We had to send someone urgently to the castle to get the second orb. Meanwhile, preparations were made to find a secure location in Fugor and have everything ready before the first orb was activated,” said the wizard, finishing his story.
Mengul smiled at them then. It was only for a moment, but Erion was sure he had seen a slight grimace of joy.
“By now you will have realized that the second orb we so urgently needed was in that box,” said the old wizard.
“What happens now with the orbs?” Ithelas asked.
“They're both activated and cancel each other's action. At the same time, they are slowly draining the wrath of the mark and of the border territory of Fugor. One of my partners has explained the situation to the Marquis of Mositus. They know that if the orb is deactivated, the population of Mositus would attack Fugor in a suicidal and crazy assault. A good part of the population would perish in the process. So, now it is in the best interest of the marquis to protect the orb and keep it active. Everything will be fine, but we need to ensure that no one finds the orb we have hidden in Fugor. Fortunately, the vast majority is still unaware of its existence which keeps it safe from our adversaries,” said the wizard.
Thost sighed, while the rest of the group held its breath. They couldn't imagine that something so dangerous had almost happened. Erion almost felt guilty for having made reasonable efforts to loot the damn castle when such serious events had depended on them. The fate of Bor had been in their hands in this incredible trip to the other side of the world of Oris.
“Why us?” Samar asked.
“Why not? You displayed different, unique abilities that made you useful. The success of your mission confirms the wisdom of our choice,” Mengul said.
“And what do you get from this?” asked Mithir through Erion.
“That doesn't matter,” Mengul answered. “Enough talk. It's time to drink,” he added.
The strange semitransparent servant then came into the room carrying a tray with several glasses. Then he distributed among all of them except Phoroz, and left. Mengul raised his glass and looked at them in the eye with a respectful gesture. When he finished, he drank the glass in one gulp and they all followed suit. It was an absolutely delicious wine. Erion could not remember ever drinking a wine even remotely close to that one. Thost, who obviously had much more experience in this area, also had serious difficulty remembering drinking a wine of this quality.
“Well, let's talk business. If you're interested, I have a new mission for you. You'll have to travel far, and it will take more time than you spent in Tylar, but the rewards will also be much more substantial,” Mengul said. “Phoroz will inform you of the details. Now I must retire. Erion, could you come with me for a few minutes?” he added.
Erion nodded, surprised, and stood up. He offered his arm to the old man who leaned on him and on his cane, and walked out of the room. The whole group followed them with their gaze until Phoroz began to speak.
“This mission, should you decide to accept it, will take you to Darphem,” said the dark elf.
“The kingdom of the dwarves!” they cried all at once.
Phoroz walked to a shelf and took a scroll from it and spread it on the table. In it there was a design of a strange crystal ball mounted on a silver pedestal. The fact that the crystal ball had an oval shape instead of the usual spherical structure caught Mithir's attention.
“This is the Eye That Sees All. It is a powerful divination object and the main objective of this mission. We have information that indicates that it may be in Nuberg, under the Sejemix massif,” said the dark elf as he stared at them with his disconcerting red eyes.
“But that is in the heart of the world of dwarves. Outsiders are not welcome in that land. How do you expect us to get there? Will we have one of those teleportation scrolls?” Thost asked.
“The answer is no. You will not have scrolls to open portals. They are extremely hard to come by. You will have to travel by traditional methods. I could teleport you to the border of Norvik with Ellis, but then you would have to continue on your own means,” said Phoroz.
“I appreciate it but it does not solve much. In addition, we would first like to go home and prepare for the mission, if we can go back there,” Ithelas said, really thinking about Ronu's health.
The cleric would hate to go without being completely sure she was fully recovered before starting an adventure. 
“That's how we'll do it, then. When you reach Darphem, you will first go to Ram, a town at the entrance of the kingdom. There you will try to get in touch with Kurbus. He is the gnome you saw with me the other day. He has good interaction with the dwarves and can help you move inside their territory. He may even help you get into the Kingdom under the Mountain. In any case, it will not be an easy mission,” Phoroz said.
“Why do you want the Eye?” Mithir asked, interested.
Phoroz looked at him for a long time. He seemed to have doubts about how to respond. 
“It's the only way we think will be effective in locating an adversary,” said the dark elf finally.
Mithir felt there was much more behind all this but realized that the elf would not give them more details.
“You said that was the main objective,” Samar said.
“Indeed. There's something else we'd like to achieve. If you manage to enter the Kingdom under the Mountain, try to reach Nortowich. Once there, go and see Ar'lumin, an old friend of Mengul. He will tell you what to do. Take up what he asks of you as if it was Mengul himself,” Phoroz said. “Your next question will be about the reward,” he added, guessing their intentions.
Thost nodded but said nothing. The dark elf grabbed a bag from one of the magician's desk drawers and emptied its contents on the table. Several large and perfectly transparent gems rolled on the table.
“Here are ten perfect diamonds. Each one is worth about five thousand gold coins. This will be your reward if you get the Eye. If you also complete Ar'lumin's assignment, you will get four additional diamonds,” the dark elf said.
Phoroz then pulled another bag from his pocket and handed it to Thost.
“Here there are a thousand platinum coins. It is only an advance, and you can also consider it part of your pay,” he added as he picked up the diamonds and stored them again carefully.
Mithir gestured to Ithelas that he would accept the order and knew that he spoke for Erion also in this regard. Thost chatted briefly with Samar and Ithelas and soon came to a conclusion.
“We accept the mission,” the knight declared solemnly.

******

Erion accompanied the wizard to a very small room that was at the end of the hall. When they entered the door closed. With a gesture from the magician, a sphere floating in the middle of the room lit up, revealing a well in the center of the room, with a structure that reached almost a step high and where the water came up to the edge. The wizard then pointed to the well, looked at Erion, and waited.
Erion approached the well and saw his face reflected in the water. After a moment, strange images began to form. There was a battlefield on a rainy afternoon. Erion was dressed in a light armor that was damaged in several places. His clothes, which seemed something like a campaign uniform, were torn on the sleeves and on one leg. Missiles rained down in all directions while Erion tried to wipe the mud and rain from his face, otherwise hindering his vision. In his right hand he held a beautiful short sword. That edge ... those engravings: the young man was sure he had seen the sword before but did not know where. A huge flaming projectile, fired from a catapult, struck the ground just a few steps away from Erion, crushing two unfortunate soldiers. Erion felt heat in his face. It was a very real sensation, almost like being in that place.
The image suddenly clarified. He was in a brighter place. He immediately recognized the courtyard of the orphanage where he had grown up. A small, weak child was at his side. It was Mithir! They both ran to hide behind a pillar while two sisters came into the yard screaming their names.
The image changed again. He was in a field of colorful flowers. It was a spring morning. The landscape was not completely familiar to him but it was not strange either. It didn't seem to be Bor. Erion ran following a girl with long, dark hair. She wore a very nice violet dress. Her skirt described poetic flights over flowers while he was still laughing, without reaching her. He did not see her face. The image went dark.
Now he was in a huge cavern. The roof had to be forty steps high, maybe more. Although it was dark, he saw huge eyes at the back. Each was the size of a human adult. They were bright, intelligent, telling and terrible eyes. Erion panicked before that presence. A huge flash of fire, like a torrent spread at lightning speed, shot toward the end of the cave where Erion was standing. The silhouette of a huge dragon was drawn for an instant.
The image changed again showing a spacious lounge. Now he was sitting at a desk chatting with two men. Erion noticed the decor. It was incredibly rich and full of watermarks. Gold, silver and precious stones sparkled at every corner. Then the young man remembered his dream. He could swear that this room was in the same richly decorated building he had dreamed of days ago. The image stopped and the young man returned to see his face in the water.
“What was that all about?” he asked, still impressed as he turned toward Mengul.
“The future, your future ... maybe. You see, the future is always in motion, conditioned by events and by certain interventions. Tell me, what have you seen?” the old man asked.
Erion described the five scenes, one by one. The young man explained that the orphanage seemed to be an image of his past that he vaguely remembered, but he did not think he had been in any of the other places. The magician looked at him very seriously.
“You say you have seen a dragon in a huge cavern? Could you see the color of his scales?” asked the wizard, suddenly interested.
“No. I could see his eyes and little else. They were terrible,” said the young man.
Mengul gave his penetrating gaze and understood that Erion described exactly what he had felt.
“There's something else. The office reminded me of a dream I had not long ago,” said the young man.
The wizard asked, urgently, to tell him all the details that reminded him of the dream. He asked if he’d had other strange dreams that made him feel a similar sensation. Erion then recounted the dream of the swamp.
“What does this mean?” asked the young man.
Mengul walked briefly around the room, looking down without answering. Finally he stopped and looked at him again.
“Erion, I must confess something. I had already seen you. Some months ago the well showed me your face. Since then I've been trying to find you, something that I only recently managed. The water showed me a vision of a scene in which you visited me in this tower. I asked for your help with something. Then the image changed and I saw a path. Some misfortune had happened. I could see a broken wheel of a cart. A three-year-old child was alone in the middle of the road, crying. Suddenly a lantis came down from heaven and descended to where the little child was,” said Mengul.
Erion then recalled some of the stories of his childhood. The lantis appeared often in these stories. They are also known by the name of the Fairies of Heaven and they lived in the Sphere of the Firmament with Oris and the other gods. Occasionally, Oris gives some of them a mission in the world, usually to help someone very kind or someone who had been appointed by the gods for some reason.
“The lantis felt great pity and compassion for the little boy and gave him a drink of milk. Then she led the way to somewhere else. The vision ended.”
“Who do you think that child was?” Erion asked.
“Well, you, naturally,” said the wizard.
A wave of strange sensations flooded the young man's mind. Somehow he knew the old man's answer before he heard it. He did not remember ever having seen a lantis; however, the scene that the magician just described was not entirely unknown to him. One of the great mysteries of Erion's life was to know the details of his origin. The sisters had told him that a sheriff had found him wandering along the roads on the outskirts of the city with tattered clothes and had brought him directly to the orphanage. Erion never regained those clothes nor anything he was wearing when he was found and never had any other clue about his origin. If the history he had been told was true, perhaps he hadn't been abandoned by his parents. Perhaps it had only been an accident. A thought crossed his mind at the speed of lightning. Perhaps his parents were alive somewhere, still mourning their lost son.
“The well doesn't show everything, just what we need to know, but I'm convinced that you were the child of that vision. I also believe that, in a real or figurative way, you have been appointed by the gods for a special destiny. And that I will play some role in that destiny. But that's all we're allowed to know at this time,” said the wizard enigmatically. “The visions and prophetic dreams are extremely rare in most mortals, with the exception of two groups: the Visionaries and the Chosen Ones. The first are those who have an innate ability for divination; in some religions they are also called prophets. The Chosen Ones are of a much smaller group. They are marked by the gods for a special destiny. As I said, I am convinced that you are part of that second group, and the fact that you've had these dreams only reinforces that notion,” he added.
It was a lot of information to absorb. Erion explained how the office in the well vision was much like the ornamentation he had seen in another one of his dreams. Mengul said that this confirmed that the dream had been premonitory.
“In general, trust your feeling. If you sense that the dream was different from an ordinary dream, it is most likely so,” he said.
“And now what?” asked the young man.
“I don't know. You also write your own story. At the moment you have a mission that your colleagues have just accepted. I suggest that you meet with them and set yourself up.”
Erion nodded thoughtfully, still pondering the meaning of it all.
“One more thing. In your journey you will have to go through Ellis, the land of the elves. You may find The White Lady. If this happens, consider it a great gift. Listen carefully to what she has to say,” the wizard warned mysteriously.
“But how do we find her?” Erion said.
“Nobody finds the Lady. She will seek you, if she deems it appropriate.”
“How will we recognize her?” Erion insisted.
The wizard smiled slightly.
“I can assure you that when you are before the Lady, you will know,” Mengul responded. “Now, leave.”
Erion said goodbye to the old magician and went to meet the group. His destiny awaited him.


APPENDIX
Units of measurement
These are the main units of measurement in the World of Oris:

Distance measurements
Finger: 0.9 inches
Step: 1.3 yards
League: 3.1 miles

Weight measurements
Fifthload: 101.4 pounds
Arrobe: 11.4 pounds
Quartile: 2.9 pounds (1/4 arrobe)

Volume measurements
Pitcher: 4.2 gallons
Bottle: 25.2 fl oz
Flask: 6.4 fl oz (1/4 bottle)
About the author

Nic Weissman is a Best-Seller and a fast-growing name in the Fantasy fiction landscape. Nic is the creator of the saga The Merchant's Destiny and The World of Oris. Nic was born in 1974 in a mystical place where the sea ends. 
His first novel The Orb of Wrath and its sequel The White Lady are now available through multiple channels both in ebook and paperback, both in English and Spanish. The books have been already acclaimed by multiple authors and bloggers like Jordan Elizabeth, Peg Glover in Write-Escape and Tome Tender. 
Over the past 16 years, Nic has lived in 14 different addresses across three different continents. He has traveled to 30 countries and speaks four languages. As you can imagine, Nic loves travelling. 
You can follow Nic through his website nicweissman.com or social media channels like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Slideshare.net and Linkedin among others. Nic writes under a pen name for professional reasons.

Discover other books by Nic Weissman


The Merchant’s Destiny saga:
The Orb of Wrath
The White Lady
(Coming soon)
The Fairy’s Pond
Duel of Dragons

The World of Oris:
Volume I
Volume II
Volume III

Connect with Nic 

Get free books, news and getaways in my website:
www.nicweissman.com
Like me on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/nicweissmanpage
Follow me:
Sideshare: http://www.slideshare.net/nicweissman
Tumblr: nicweissman.tumblr.com 
Twitter: @NicWeissman
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/nicweissman
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/14040585.Nic_Weissman
Smashwords author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/nicweissman

