The Cook For Any Price: Across The Rimless Sea
By Neal Ross Attinson

Copyright 2021 Neal Ross Attinson
Front graphic copyright 2008-2021 Alana Dill

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free e-book may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared,
 provided it appears in its entirety without alteration and the reader is not charged to access it.
(If you do share it, though, please let me know!)



To AC:
Editor, Spur, Fellow Sailor

RS:
Gracious Answerer of Pesty Questions

HPL and BS:
Exemplary Inspirations



Earlier drafts of these tales appeared on my blog,
The Metaphorager, and ten others in a previous e-book. 
Please pardon the repetition – and don’t miss the Chef’s Note!




Table d’Hote:
Prosatio Silban and the ...

Mise en Place
Aperitif
Passing Notes
Beloved Animal
Uninvited Guest
Double Reflection
Last Meal
Leisurely Eggs
Disconsolate Wineherd
Arrow Escape
Place
Birthday Party
Final Kindness
Shunned Fragment
Twice-Cooked Eggs
Starving Survivor
Iron Dray-Beast
Holy Trap
Writing
Difficult Patron
Saucemaker’s Tale
Refectional Research
Sovereign Cure
TED Talk
Ersatz Indigene
Gustibus Interruptus
Dread Reckoning
Evasive Death
Room
Love Famine
Circus Bred
Midnight Invader
Familiar Spirit
Sick Call
Profound Breakfast
Soul Food
Herd Instinct
Pernicious Wishes
Cook’s Honor
Lost Foundling
Balance
Elegiac Escort
Revealer of Secrets
Starry Wisdom
Proportional Mystery
Chopped Roots
Advertent Appetizer
Child’s Play
Sudden Feline
Workman’s Wages
Small Packages
Tournament Palatine
Quest Authentic
Sacreantal Reflex
Great Wasting
Utensils
Day’s Life
Mayor of Ixtachet
Mapping Lesson
Infinite Application
Vanishing Point
World’s Best
Sincere Runaway
Road Bound
Divine Gaze
Fellow Seeker
Affable Invitation
Sentimental Journey
Caveat Bibitor
Meals
Annual Doom
Face Value
Purloined Eyebrows
Anxious Drummer
What Dreams
Professional Contretemps
Agreeable Disagreement
Keeper of Memories
Perfect Ingredient
War Prints
Grammar
Forgotten God
Haunted Oyster
Brokedown Palate

Culinary Concordance
Afterword
About : Connect



Chef’s Note (To the Patient Diner)

Although these dishes were originally conceived without much thought to service-order, that order made itself apparent once they were cooked. While you may be tempted to consume them a la carte – and you certainly could! – I wouldn’t want you to miss any of the detailed flavor-melting-into-flavor continuity. After all, isn’t that why you are the Patient Diner?



Mise En Place
In which is revealed Our Hero’s cultural context.


ACROSS THE RIMLESS SEA LIE the Exilic Lands, where dreams come to die – or so say the coffeehouse wits of Soharis. But they are a cynical lot, and often fervent in their presumptions.
Here at the Sea’s southeastern edge, two abler-than-wise peoples anciently fought each other to land-cracking oblivion; their regressed descendants were left wandering the shattered plains and scorched forests with no greater legacy than a few artifacts, mutual blame, and a thin hope of future redemption.
This hope was handed across the generations through whispered myths of ocean-borne saviors who would restore to the Xao and Xai their once-lush countryside before conveniently withdrawing. Some believed this, others pretended to, and those who did neither made plans of their own.
Thus, when the Children of Uul washed ashore in three great fleets filled with agricultural necessaries, the Exilic Lands’ indigenes greeted them with a mix of joy, surprise and consternation. The Uulians were fleeing their own self-made and legendary catastrophe and, according to the Flickering Gods as interpreted by their Sacreants, had reached where to repent and prove themselves worthy of return to their lost homeland.
Deeply self-absorbed and heedless of their role in the local mythology, the new arrivals could comprehend neither the residents’ initial amazement nor their eventual irritation as diligent Uulian fingers restored the land – and then built the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell. While the Xao and Xai grew more perplexed by the century, the Commonwell ripened into that state of elegant decadence without which no civilization can truly be called interesting. Still, some (indigenes and Uulians alike) continued to believe in their ancestors’ prophecies; others pretended to; and those who did neither made plans of their own.
One did all three, often at once and sometimes with modest success. His name is Prosatio Silban: self-defrocked Sacreant, mercenary cook, and subject of these tales.



Aperitif
In which Our Hero makes his first appearance.

THOUGH NO LONGER A SACREANT, Prosatio Silban did retain a sensitivity to the more spiritual aspects of his day’s routine – but since his was the life of a mercenary cook in a buopoth-drawn galleywagon, the word “routine” was not always applicable.
His days often began the same way: he would arise from his sleeping-berth in the galleywagon’s rear; feed his dray-beast, Onward, a morning fatberry-cake and kind word; make small greetings to the Flickering Gods; and breakfast on a poppyhorn and large mug of hot sugared yava laced with thick cream. As Sacreantal investiture involved an all-over depilatory bath, he would at this point affix a pair of grey mouse-fur eyebrows; though somewhat itchy, they were far more comfortable than answering probing questions about his past. Finally, he would inventory the galleywagon’s well-stocked pantry and coldbox (the latter a waist-high, silver-edged cube of magiked glacier-ice).
Here is where Prosatio Silban’s days diverged: If they involved travel, he would hitch up Onward, climb onto the driver’s bench, and be on his way. If he awoke in one of the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities or Thousand Villages looking forward to a hired engagement, he would proceed marketward in search of fresh ingredients and attendant consultations. But if, as often happened, he was on his own in someplace busy, he would unsling a table-and-chairs or two from the galleywagon’s undercarriage, set out a large painted menu-board, and greet hungry passersby.
He was the Cook For Any Price. And he never turned away a customer.
So would the day proceed with its particular delights and disasters, until brilliant stars peeped through the darkening sky. Then Prosatio Silban would secure both buopoth and galleywagon for the night, wash whatever dishes and utensils had remained unscrubbed, count his earnings, remove his artificial eyebrows, crawl into his berth, and thank the Flickering Gods for giving him another day’s usefulness.
Somewhere in there, he might also experience what he called the Golden Moment.
The Golden Moment was always and never the same – a calm, comforting, wordless sense of perfect at-onement illuminating the different circumstances through which it flowed and bringing them into a clarified and revelatory whole.
It might come from chopping potatoes or onions, as something big methodically became something small.
It might come from sautéing fidget-hen breast, watching heat and fat transform light pink to golden brown.
Or it might even come from handing someone a plate laden with well-crafted nourishment.
A Golden Moment could not be predicted. It tended to manifest itself as the seamless connection between Here and There, Now and Then, Self and Other. Prosatio Silban had a theory (which he kept to himself) that the Golden Moment was the true essence of existence; waiting to be discovered, but never quite absent. After all, where could it go?
One of the most memorable of these experiences, in fact the first, occurred when the cook was a lad new-arrived at Pormaris’ Diamond Shrine and under consideration for the Sacreanthood. He was swimming with a friend in the Shrine’s iridescent pool when he was overtaken by a feeling of perfect, pieceless peace. His sense of ego and separation vanished. Colors looked brighter, outlines sharper. Seeing the bemused look on his young face, the other boy asked him what was wrong.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Prosatio Silban said. “I just feel like I’m dreaming.”
The other began splashing him. 
“What are you doing?” Prosatio Silban asked in mild alarm.
“Waking you up!” cried the boy.
Just like that, the feeling vanished, leaving behind a memory tinged with sadness that it was only a memory.
Over the years, Prosatio Silban was to cherish further such memories, savoring them like flowers pressed between the pages of a holy and beloved book. In part, they were responsible for his eventual departure from the Diamond Shrine; as he got older, he couldn’t reconcile his Golden Moment encounters with Uulian religious doctrine. He still believed in the Flickering Gods, and was beyond beyond-grateful for Their steady patronage and many kindnesses. But he couldn’t shake the persistent feeling that They were as much a subordinate quality of the “pieceless peace” as he was, rather than reigning supreme as his tradition taught.
Thus he wandered the Commonwell and Exilic Lands serving people’s bellies instead of their souls, though sometimes managing to do both. And on those rare occasions that he stumbled into oneness, he would close his eyes – and smile in thankful surrender.



Passing Notes
In which Our Hero meets, and loses, the love of his life.


IT IS MUSIC, AND IT is Time. But mostly, It is Love.
Harpsong and drumbeat whirl through the broad moons-lit hollow like a flight of bright starlings air-dancing over a rain-pocked lake.
In a hollow atop a high cliff squat two robe-wrapped figures: intent, eyes closed, one plucking, one pounding. Nearby lies a third, hands chest-clasped, contemplating the two moons contending overhead for celestial supremacy. The three are edging across the tenuous bridge connecting youth to manhood, when the character which shapes the face has been poured but not yet hardened.
Far away below, across a miles-wide natural amphitheater, multihued webs of light converge on a gold jewel just below the level black horizon. Occasional bursts of overhead brilliance flicker colored fingers into the hollow’s shadowed corners, prompting murmured applause to roll up through the balmy night and accent an all-surrounding, almost subliminal music.
The starlings melt into shafts of silver light; the lake dries to a desert sandstorm ... and became a tap-dancing mastodon. The drummer grinned, raising his arms in triumph.
“Vulture-picked heap of hot steaming lizard dung,” growled the harpist, glaring at the drummer and reining his own instrument into silence. “With withered rose petals on top.”
“Perhaps,” rejoined the drummer, “but I love you more.” 
“Self-conscious irony cheapens your art and cheats the audience,” drawled the supine figure. “Do not so.”
“Did I so?”
“Paff. Were you my minstrel, I’d not pay you.”
“Were I your minstrel, you couldn’t afford me,” said the drummer, standing up and stretching his fingers in serene circles. “Oh, but we should have brought women.”
“If we’d brought women, I’d not be sitting here,” countered the harpist, laying aside his instrument and feeling inside his left sleeve.
“If we were going to bring women, I’d have stayed home with them,” pronounced the supine figure.
“If we had a home, the women would take care of themselves.” said the drummer, and cocked his head. “Excuse me – one of those boulders is calling.” He receded into rock-shadow.
The harpist began tamping a mellow-colored bone tube into the mouth of a curiously figured suede pouch. “We have been here forever, yet again,” he said. “Is it far to midnight?”
“Do you see the music yet?”
“What is music?”
“Who is the musician?”
“Who’s paying?”
“Indeed.”
The harpist brought the tube to his lips, lit its tamped end, and puffed spicy blue smoke. “To be sure,” he said in a strangled voice, and reached toward his friend.
Sniffing in appraisal, the drummer returned. “Are you celebrating my absence?”
“Preparing for your return,” chorused his cohorts.
“Ah ha ha, and ha,” said the drummer in mock-injured tones, accepting the tube from his horizontal companion and sitting beside him. “We shall settle accounts later, for I predict company within a few heartbeats.”
“I seem to have stumbled into your midst,” said a smooth-headed man at least twice-older than the three friends, attired in a long tunic dappled with random splashes of color. “Forgive me, but the fireworks tend to encumber my night-vision.”
There was a brief, almost awkward, silence. By his utter hairlessness and cultured accent, the visitor might have been a Sacreant of the Flickering Gods – those divine puppeteers whose centuried influence touched every aspect of life in the Uulian Commonwell – save that he was dressed in local style instead of the Sacreants’ traditional Rainbow Robe. Moreover, his calloused hands and beefy build showed that he had been long-acquainted with labors more physical than prayer and cultural supervision. Yet there was something about him; perhaps his smile, which welcomed without obsequiousness; or his wide deep-set eyes, which appeared to have seen the entire world but decided to keep looking.
The three young Uulians were disinclined toward moral instruction and clichéd religious homilies. Under the circumstances, there was but one course of action.
“Allow us to encumber you further?” asked the drummer, and proffered the still-smoking tube. “Unless you must needs be elsewhere ...”
“One may only be here and now,” said the older man, and – much to their surprise – seated himself. “Thank you.”
The drummer spoke first, with what he hoped was nonchalance. “Phytoris Ramu, at your service,” he said. “These others are Emasio Brullas” – the harpist nodded – “and Wolf” – the supine figure gave a noncommittal howl.
The stranger raised the bone tube in salute, and grinned. “Prosatio Silban.”
“And how many seasons has Sir Prosatio seen hither?” asked Phytoris Ramu.
“Here? Too many to count, though the first was more than twenty-five summers ago, in the Year of the Ripened Knife. But please, not ‘Sir.’ I work for a living.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” said Emasio Brullas.
“As am I,” the visitor said, and his smile broadened. “Like you, I much prefer the days of youth and newness, where everything unfamiliar is exotic and draws you along by the heart down the swiftest of paths to who knows or cares what end ... but on the other hand, I also like to eat.”
The three friends laughed.
“Well said, si – er, Master Prosatio,” said Wolf. “Do you live here in Aydnzmir?”
“As much here as anywhere, though I was born and spent a good deal of my young years near epicurean Pormaris. I’m a cook by trade, and a traveler by inclination.”
“A traveling cook?” asked Phytoris Ramu in amazement. “I’d have marked you as a Sacreant due to your, ah ...”
“My holy, and wholly depilated, carcass?” the cook said with a sudden grimace, running a sinewy hand over his bare scalp. “I have been that also, long ago, but the world and I have seen stranger things since then. How did you all come to be, here and tonight?”
Three grins and six arms spread wide, embracing the night and all it contained.
The cook laughed. “Well, yes,” he said. “I meant here, on this particular hollow atop the Bordering Cliff.”
“We’ve been attending the Aydnzmir Music Feast since just less than forever,” said Phytoris Ramu, “and always claim this spot. Either it’s ours by the Flickering Gods’ proclamation, or no one else wants it.”
“No one else wants it,” said Wolf. “It’s too far away from the music, at least until midnight.”
“Then why do you keep coming up here?’ asked the cook.
“I don’t know,” said Wolf. “Ramu keeps talking us into it.”
“He’ll whine if we don’t,” said Emasio Brullas, refilling the bone tube.
“I don’t whine, I bellow,” said Phytoris Ramu. “But there are sublime joys up here, despite that they escape these plebeians’ notice. For one thing, you can see all the fireworks between here and the seacoast Temple of Song, which is also quite soul-washing if the evening fog is strong. And at midnight! when the Silent Chord slips into vision the view is like no other.”
“I’d rather be down on the plain, and in the middle of it all,” countered Emasio Brullas. “But we never arrive early enough.”
“It is indeed, a long way from the Commonwell,” said the cook. “And not always the easiest journey.”
“I once knew a man who claimed to have seen the Chord from the inside – from the Temple of Song itself,” said Wolf with undisguised envy. “But he could never tell me what it was like.”
“Or much else, after that!” chimed Emasio Brullas.
“For him, there was no ‘after that,’” Phytoris Ramu said. “Alas, he’s only a proverb now.”
“That can be an overwhelming experience,” the cook said with emphatic seriousness. “Even years later.”
The trio exchanged dubious glances, and fell quiet in a way they hoped wasn’t obvious.
Prosatio Silban laughed. “I would have had that same reaction, in those days and at that age,” he said. “Imposture is not a rare quality.”
“Is that why you’re up here?” asked Emasio Brullas.
“It is one reason, yes,” said the cook. “And another is because of a woman.”
“Oh, well,” Phytoris Ramu said with an exaggerated leer. “Such a tale cannot remain halfway told – especially if it’s about women. But I hope you don’t think us naïve! Everyone knows the Temple is closed to all but the Auraculi and their gentle if fanatical minions. No Uulian, and by extension no servant of Uulian gods, has been or ever will be allowed within – or, if discovered within, released intact.”
“I was not in the Temple proper, but very nearby, and in fact no longer a Sacreant but a confused and lovesick young man,” Prosatio Silban said. “You see, the Auraculi and their sacred retainers have long enjoyed on this night such varied fare as could be obtained throughout the Exilic Lands and around the Rimless Sea. Through a combination of circumstances I found myself laboring in the kitchen, which – at, least, at that time – occupied a complex of chambers in the outer Temple ...”

* * * 

The enormous and smoky hall was filled with contrasting sweet and savory aromas and bustling cooks of every known nation, illuminated by the fires from dozens of free-standing stoves, grills, and ovens. Countless counters and butcher-blocks were piled high with prepared ingredients, as well as more than a few on which they were still being prepared; a hurly-burly of attendants were ferrying out the cooked results via an arcade of open doorways. The music trickling in from the Temple was unlike anything Prosatio Silban had heard or even imagined outside of dream – a sort of hazy golden whine shot through with long blue sparks caressed his inner ear, or so his somewhat fatigue-crossed senses told him; whatever it was, it wonderfully accented the warm lips pressed against his own.
I hope I’m doing this right, he thought, pretending that he was.
Not long ago he would have thought his present circumstances improper, and perhaps also irreverent. But the now-former Sacreant had, with recent fervency, shed the Rainbow Robe of his profession, and was eager and a bit anxious for the more comfortable clothing of the open road. The obvious destination for one of his age and frustrated soul-stirrings was ten days west of the Uulian Commonwell, on the forest-girdled edge of the Rimless Sea: Aydnzmir, City of Music, built ages ago of ivory and amethyst, coral and jasper; whose thousand silver towers each support a lamp of strange and different hue, glowing at a distance like the dawning sun through a lifting mist; whose inhabitants (unlike his own countryfolk, he thought) possessed an ancient wisdom and incomparable elegance; and whose sovereign guardians, the deathless Auraculi, had kept alive through countless millennia the all-surrounding and world-sustaining Silent Chord, sliding it into visibility once a year at midnight during the world-renowned Music Feast.
However, getting there wasn’t easy. This Prosatio Silban had learned after bidding farewell to his lifelong home. Ten dayrides didn’t look this big on the map, he thought, and anyway, where did all this rain come from? He could not help uttering a reflexive petition to Thupitor, God of Impeded Travel. The sudden appearance of an Aydnzmir-bound caravan of caterers he ascribed to mere happenstance, and to sheer luck their need for another cook’s assistant. But babbling gratitude died on his lips when his eyes met ... Hers. She gave him a dry towel and a warm smile; and over the next week or so, as the caravan rattled along the Western Wides’ ever more crowded road, the two professed to their peers that they weren’t playing the soft and pleasant games common to all young hearts.
And that is how Prosatio Silban came to be embracing the raven-curled and enticing Ashlaya in the kitchen-complex adjoining the Temple of Song.
She kissed him again, disengaged herself and squeezed his hand. 
“You’ve never done that before,” she said.
“How do you know?”
“It shows in your eyes. And in the way you kiss.”
“How do I kiss?”
“Eager. Yet tentative. You’re not used to it, yet. To love.”
“Well, no,” he said, blushing. “I’m not used to beautiful women kissing me in the middle of cooking corn-wraps.”
“You’re not used to women,” she said, and squeezed his hand again. “But you will be.”
Her words, or perhaps their inflection, or maybe just the way she returned to her mixing-bowl, did something pleasant and new to him. Prosatio Silban rubbed his lips, still tingling with what he hoped was promise, or at least sincere invitation, or at any rate, please-Flouina-Goddess-of-Unexpected-Trysting, not his imagination. They had, as usual, been casting dewy glances back and forth all morning, and as he watched Ashlaya’s curvy hips sway in time with her stirring, her bead-embroidered skirt swirling about her well-formed calves, the onetime holyman found he could think of little else. His fingers ached for her, then began to burn; cursing to himself, he realized he was holding a hot and unprotected skillet-handle.
“Dolt!” barked a gruff voice behind him. “Mind the pan, not her bottom.”
Prosatio Silban’s face went redder, and he grabbed a padded cloth to shield himself from further injury and humiliation. “My mistake, my mistake, no harm done,” he mumbled.
Apith Dumar, the voice’s formidable and obese owner, glowered from under bushy brows. “I didn’t hire you to make moons-eyes at the help,” he said. “You Sacreants think you’re the gods’ own gift to the Commonwell, is that it?”
“I keep telling you, I’m no longer a Sacreant,” Prosatio Silban said. “And anyway, Sacreants aren’t considered to be so much a gift as –”
“Did I ask for your nonsense? You’re working for me now, you hairless sponge. Fry those corn-wraps – and don’t burn them again, or I’ll stick you in the skillet.” Apith Dumar pushed a massive index finger against the young man’s chest, glared for emphasis, then stumped off into the flickering darkness to find fault with another of his hirelings.
I don’t have to take his unlettered and uncouth garbage, Prosatio Silban thought, almost untying his apron and walking out. But as always, his sense of responsibility outweighed his resentment; and when Ashlaya smiled at him and returned to her mixing with a superfluous wiggle, the weight of his infatuation bounced everything else into irrelevancy. He picked up the tongs and put another corn-wrap in the oil-slick skillet.
By Galien the All-Mother, how could anyone be so beautiful? he thought. His eyes caressed Ashlaya’s loose-clad form, lingering at all the places he had long wondered about but thought barred from him forever. He had known few girls in his cloistered before-life, and they had been more interested in his office than his affection. Being too proper to press the matter, his natural desire had of course become an idealized yearning – thus, his first-ever kiss had come only moments before, and with predictable results.
I’ll marry her, he thought, and we’ll love each other every day forever. He removed a crisped corn-wrap from the skillet, put it on the pile at his left, tonged a raw one from the stack on his right, slapped it into the pan, and looked up at Ashlaya.
Rather, her absence. 
Prosatio Silban whipped his head from side to side. Where is she? Where is she? Ah ... oh, no.
Ashlaya, one bare foot tucked behind the other, was talking to another man. As the stricken youth watched, she reached out a hand and gave his arm an affectionate squeeze – and she might as well have been squeezing Prosatio Silban’s heart. She stood on tiptoe to kiss the hated rival on his bearded cheek.
He could neither look at her nor away as the couple embraced. The interloper departed, and when Ashlaya turned in his direction, he lowered his eyes to the smoke-spewing skillet.
“What in the name of the Nameless One are you doing?” bellowed Apith Dumar, smacking Prosatio Silban on the back of his head with a greasy towel. “You hairless, worthless, unmothered son of a – ”
“It’s not his fault. It’s mine,” Ashlaya said, appearing out of nowhere to empty the smoking skillet. “He’s never before fried corn-wraps. So I set the heat for him. Perhaps too high. And forgot to caution him. Forgive me? I’ll make good the loss.”
The corpulent cookmaster raised an eyebrow as Ashlaya took Prosatio Silban’s hand in her own, held it over the skillet. “Like this. See? The heat? Perfect. Now some golau-nut oil ...”
“Just mix the batter, woman,” muttered Apith Dumar. He walked away, shaking his fat-cushioned head.
“Thank you. I can manage it from here,” Prosatio Silban said in a remote voice, slapping a raw corn-wrap in the skillet and not meeting her eyes.
“Are you angry?” she asked.
“No. Well, no. I mean, no. I, ah ...”
“Please don’t be,” she said, and he somehow wasn’t. “Gdil is a friend. Well. More than a friend. My sister’s man. Who brought me her greetings. Which I returned.”
Prosatio Silban’s world reassembled itself. He looked for Apith Dumar, but the rotund supervisor was on the far side of the kitchen explaining to his butchers their latest incompetence. “Oh. It’s not that I was jealous, mind you. But I did miss you.”
“That’s sweet,” she said. “But work now. Later...” And she kissed him again, waking odd corners of his body.
Senses engaged and soul singing, Prosatio Silban set to his task with a will. The stack of corn-wraps at his left grew, was taken away, grew again. He discovered that the process had its own rhythm – slap, sniff, flip, sniff, remove; slap, sniff, flip, sniff, remove – which coincided with the music wafting into the smoky kitchen. This is not hard at all, he thought, stealing a glance at Ashlaya’s perfect form and inadvertently meeting her amused eyes.
He opened his mouth to speak, when the assistant-cook to his left – a pale and skinny youth named Otlon, who had been filling and rolling the fried corn-wraps and arranging them on cloth-covered wicker plates – coughed and made gargling sounds.
“Don’t mind me,” Otlon said. “I can never get used to whatever plants or flowers or weeds they have around here. Don’t they bother you?”
Schooled in politeness, Prosatio Silban refrained from putting his hand over Otlon’s thin lips.
“Not as such,” he said, one eye on Ashlaya. She had finished her mixing and was now flattening raw wraps for the skillet.
“Why not? They surely bother me.”
“Ah ... I don’t know. Sacreant’s Privilege, I would think.”
“What’s that?”
“Well ...” He noticed Ashlaya listening out of the corner of her ear. “In exchange for ministrations to the faithful, Sacreants receive from the Flickering Gods certain benefits. We ... rather, the Sacreants, don’t get colds or headaches and the like, for one thing, and tend to heal faster than the lay public.”
“Does that healing include hearts?” murmured Ashlaya.
Prosatio Silban looked at her, ready to spill a flirtatious reply.
“I wish I didn’t get colds,” Otlon said. “But every summer, it’s the same thing – three weeks of dripping hackery. And my sleeves! I wish I were a Sacreant.”
“No, you don’t,” Prosatio Silban said, his heart running at full speed and going nowhere. He turned again to Ashlaya.
“Why don’t I?” asked Otlon.
“Why don’t you what?”
“Why don’t I wish I was a Sacreant?”
“It’s not quite the transcendent delight you might think.”
“Why not? Get to live in the Diamond Shrine, eat well every day, get to be in charge of everything and tell people what to do. I’d like that better than slaving for old Ape-piss.”
“You only say that because you ...” lack the experience to contrast it to your current station, he almost said. Am I going to speak like a pompous donkey for the rest of my life? No wonder people dislike us ... dislike the Sacreants, I mean. “... you don’t have anything to compare it to,” he finished.
“Compared to this, anything’s better,” grumbled Otlon.
“Be gentle,” Ashlaya whispered to her would-be lover. “You’ll learn to like yourself. In time.”
Prosatio Silban was about to ask her how she knew what he was thinking, but Otlon didn’t give him the chance.
“Why did you quit being a Sacreant anyway?” the sallow youth asked.
“Well ... sometimes a thing isn’t as nice up close as it is from a distance.”
“Sometimes it’s nicer,” Ashlaya murmured. “But you can’t tell that. Before you know it.”
“I think everything’s wretched, from a distance or otherwise,” said Otlon. “You’ll see.” He raised a plateful of filled corn-wraps and ambled off.
Prosatio Silban sighed. At last. Now for a real conversation. He turned to Ashlaya, who was regarding him from under knitted brows.
“My pitcher’s empty,” she said. “I must get more water. Wait for me?”
“Every heartbeat is an eternity until you return,” Prosatio Silban replied with a bow.
“Then. I shall always return.” She smiled an inscrutable smile and padded away.
“I can’t believe how many wraps these people eat,” Otlon said, returning. “I bet they don’t get colds either.” Prosatio Silban sighed again – this time, with vehemence.
Slap, sniff, flip, sniff, remove. Slap, sniff, flip, sniff, remove. It’s a dance, he thought. Why did this seem so hard? It’s easy, if you just let them cook themselves. As easy as falling in love ...
“Sacreant! Quit that and come over here. Otlon! You take his place.”
Prosatio Silban wiped his hands on his apron, and sought in vain the comely Ashlaya. He half-ran to Apith Dumar, who was standing next to a large butcher-block surmounted by a great pile of chopped meat.
“Shape these into balls for the frying-pan, and mind that you keep them even,” the supervisor said.
“What kind of meat is this?” Prosatio Silban asked.
“It’s the kind you’re shaping into balls for the frying-pan!” bellowed Apith Dumar.
“How big should I –”
“Big enough to fry, and fry at speed. Now get to it.”
The pile was pink, cold, and gave off a rich blood-smell as Prosatio Silban sank his hands into it, lifting his upper lip in reflexive disgust. Though not averse to meat of any sort, neither was he skilled in its manipulation. He pinched off a measure that looked like what he himself would eat, and rolled the greasy mass between his palms. It stuck to his fingers in clots. He tried scraping his left hand with his right, then his right hand with his left, then fluttered both hands with impatience – and watched in horror as the dislodged flesh arced with more-or-less grace and accuracy across the capacious kitchen to splat against the back of Apith Dumar’s immense neck.
Silence fell among the dozen or so nearby cooklings, but was compensated for by the loud laughter from elsewhere in the kitchen. Prosatio Silban froze as the supervisor swept a greasy paw over his neck, raised it to his piggish eyes, and turned in his direction.
“Let’s see how chopped Sacreant tastes,” he said, starting forward.
With a squeak of terror Prosatio Silban bolted from behind the butcher block and into the cooking-hall’s interior, Apith Dumar in shouting pursuit. The youth jumped over sacks of flour, through racks of raw sausages, and edged past huge vats of bubbling fry-oil. He turned for a second, saw his pursuer gaining on him, turned back, and almost avoided crashing into a basket of golden apples, which spilled its contents all over the flagstone floor. The cook-boss couldn’t negotiate the sudden obstacle, and with a roar went sprawling, knocking over a tower of plates with a satisfying clatter.
Prosatio Silban didn’t stop running until he had passed through several darkened doorways, and leapt to the side of the last one. He doubled over, hands on his knees and panting, caught his breath, stood up, and gasped.
Across an age-worn pavement of sapphire and cracked emerald stood a vast amethyst dome supported by immense ivory pillars. Silver beads and figured silk banners hung on near-invisible gossamer woven into the intervening spaces, swaying in the salt-scented breeze. Far away beneath the dome, a sourceless blue radiance revealed a raised platform busy with robed figures. He could not quite see what was going on, but the hum of tuning instruments and the low drone of voices set his heart thudding. With part of his mind, he wondered where Ashlaya was and if he dared go back into the kitchen to bring her here. Desire wrestled with fear, and the former triumphed. He turned back to the door.
And then the Silent Chord sounded.
It engulfed Prosatio Silban while he was still watching it approach, sliding with a steely crackle of blue fire from everywhere and nowhere all at once. A warm and throbbing force, like a heartbeat on overdrive, vibrated into and out of every cell in his body. He raised his hands, and was amazed and a little frightened to see the left one receding – getting smaller and younger, folding into itself like a baby’s – while his right hand grew calloused, then withered and spotty with age. He was poised at the exact balance point between past and future; his life was a giant string which stretched away in both directions. The-string-that-was-Prosatio-Silban was bound to every other life-string everywhere, knotted into discrete events and moments of knowing. Some strings set up great resonances; others knocked their neighbors into chaotic noise far down unglimpsed gulfs of time. He raised his hands again and saw everything they ever had held and ever would hold, as well as a shadow of what those objects touched: incense sticks, scrolls, a jug of water, an inadvertent knife-edge, a pen, a pot, Ashlaya’s hand ...
Ashlaya!
The living grief of her absence struck him like an iceberg dropped from the summit of the universe. The Aydnzmir guardians about to apprehend him in “the present” for unauthorized entry would eventually release him, but only long after the sad-eyed Ashlaya had climbed aboard Apith Dumar’s departing caravan. He could sense her through the cross-connecting web: a woman-shaped hole running through and around him, not quite intersecting with his own spiraling soul; here and in all the places he had yet to visit, her not-there-ness bending the more substantial harmonies around him. He could smell her hair, her breath, almost touch her skin ... she was right behind him and at his side, just behind a veil that he couldn’t quite break through ... that he would spend his life shredding ... and then ... and then ...
And then the Silent Chord subsided, sliding back the way it had come and gone, leaving only this present moment in the Year of the Weighted Table, atop the Bordering Cliff where Prosatio Silban sat with three young men the same age he had been a moment ago.
They listened to the cheers welling up from below and around them, applauding the rhythmic pulsing of a music bigger than the world and more ancient.
“You didn’t see her this year, either,” Emasio Brullas murmured.
Prosatio Silban’s expression mingled joy, sorrow and resignation.
“Then why do you keep coming back?” asked Phytoris Ramu.
The cook’s arms spread as wide as his sudden grin, embracing the night and all it contained – or ever would.



Beloved Animal
In which Our Hero discourses on the nature of affection.


HALFWAY BETWEEN HERE AND THERE lay a town whose chief feature was a particular animal, wild but benign, which had made its home in a civic park. So charming were its ways and so touching its mannerisms that the townspeople painted its winsome form on signs and walls, dyed their clothes to imitate its pelt, and dated their history in terms of its first appearance. Great crowds would gather around it every day, punctuating every move or motion with an “ooh,” “ahh,” or “Look!”
Prosatio Silban watched the Beloved Animal from the edge of the park. He thought the townspeople a bit fervent in their adorations but said nothing; he had his own share of eccentric fervencies. After a time, he realized that the Beloved Animal’s eyes were looking into his.
Why am I so popular? asked a voice in his head. All I do is sit here, occasionally scratching. And they feed me and love me.
“You don’t need to do anything else,” Prosatio Silban said. “It’s in the nature of people to love something like you.”
Oh. But why?
“No one can say,” the cook replied. “Perhaps they simply need to know such love exists.”



Uninvited Guest
In which Our Hero solves an existential problem for a passing traveler.


THE RHYTHMIC RAPPING OF STEEL on wood filled Prosatio Silban’s cozy galleywagon with the sharp tang of garlic, and he marveled – not for the first time – at how the pungent aroma sliced through a quarter-century of food-smells.
Having stopped for the evening in the shadow of haunt-rumored Mount Tenebor, the Cook For Any Price had seen to his great dray-beast’s dinner and was now preparing his own to suit the clammy evening chill. The surrounding area, of bare basalt with a scattering of curious blue-veined boulders, had not retained the day’s meager heat; and he paused in his chopping to close the galleywagon-door’s upper half. He latched it, turned, and regarded his portable haven with fond familiarity.
The floor, slightly out-slanting walls, and concave ceiling – from which two bright fatberry-oil lamps dangled amid a comfortable tangle of pots, pans, utensils, bunches of herbs, and slow-curing meats and cheeses – were of unpainted honeywood, its natural reddish-gold glow now tinged by a long accretion of greasy smoke. On the cook’s right, under a small lozenge-paned window, a waist-high translucent coldbox was nestled against a ceiling-high grey-oak pantry. To the left a six-burner stove, also fueled by fatberry-oil, sat below an antique corkboard thick with tacked and yellowing recipes; beneath another latticed window, this one bordered by racks of spices, a blocky oak preparation-counter and sink stood adjacent to a tall service-cabinet. At the galleywagon’s rear, across an ornate braided rug, a black silk curtain concealed a cozy sleeping-berth.
There really is no such thing as too much garlic, Prosatio Silban quoted to himself, especially when spirits are said to be about. He filled a copper pot with water, set it on the stove, added a generous measure of sea salt, and lit the burner. His eyes took on a faraway look as he began halving a handful of yellow pearl-tomatoes.
Let me see, he pondered. As I understand it, there are four types of disembodied souls vexing the living: the Moaners, whose noisy ululations keep awake even the deepest sleepers; the Shakers, who terrify folk by moving their belongings – sometimes through mid-air; and the most inconvenient are the Takers, who steal desired objects and either return them at a later time and different place, if at all. And then there are ... and then ... hmm ...
He lit a second burner under an iron skillet slick with oil of olives, and glanced out the preparation-counter window. Frowning, he put a large sailor’s-cap mushroom on the counter and closed his eyes. An old recollection was bubbling up from deep in his mind: a folktale or other he had learned long ago, warning against “the unattended dead” ... something he had dismissed as superstition and foolishness ....
He opened his eyes. “What am I trying to remember?” he asked the mushroom.
“I do not know,” croaked a voice to his left.
Were he a younger man, Prosatio Silban might very well have jumped or screamed, but he had long ago learned the folly of unconsidered motion. He turned his head, holding the knife in as inconspicuous a manner as possible.
Against the galleywagon’s lower door the cook could discern a squat human-shaped shadow of impenetrable blackness. No features were visible, yet he knew the apparition was watching him with guarded intention.
Prosatio Silban considered the knife in his hand, regretted for a moment its irrelevancy, then remembered the proverb: When cornered, act with boldness.
“Who are you?” he barked.
The specter regarded him for a half-dozen rapid heartbeats.
“I no longer know, if I ever did,” it rasped. “Nor do I know who I was. Or indeed if I was, or am still, or will be again.”
Ah, Prosatio Silban thought, as the fugitive memory clicked into place. He lowered the knife, doused the burners and adopted a tone of casual and erudite authority.
“I understand, though do not share, your despair,” he said with growing certainty. “You are, unless I am much mistaken, one of the Liminals.”
The apparition cocked its shadowy head. “Am I?”
“So I believe. It is an old legend, one ill-known in these cynical times,” the cook said. “If a soul remains unparted from its body by a proper funerary pyre, it cannot enter the Pure City of the afterlife. Instead, it becomes more and more diffuse, and is doomed to wander amongst the living. I had thought such a tale was a mere caution, intended to communicate dutiful religious lessons. But here you are.”
“‘The Liminals.’” The beetle voice chirped a pitiable imitation of a sob. “Ah! must I languish in this interminable intermediacy for more of an eternity than I perhaps have already?”
“Not necessarily. Tell me, if you can – what is the first thing you remember?”
“I do not have any clear remembrance, only vague impressions, and cannot say when or whether or not they exist. Dim glimmers of experience pass around and through me like drifting windows: a small girl feeding a restive horse; a young boy playing on the edge of a cliff; warm wind caressing the nakedness of entwined and illicit lovers; a newborn’s first and last taste of air; a homewife’s worries over family and funds; the smell of lonely roads; the crackling of fire beneath an enormous baobab.
“As soon as these impressions come, they go – with less substance than a passing dream. I can neither describe all that I am experiencing, nor the despair at my utter and paradoxical anonymity.”
“Identity is just an arbitrary frame through which to view life,” Prosatio Silban said, much moved by his guest’s discourse and not knowing what else to say. “And not everything experienced can be expressed. Everyone tastes, for example, and while I have never met anyone who could well describe the sensation, no one doubts that they do indeed taste. Words need not alloy certainty.”
“But I have no certainty to alloy.”
“You did once. Can you not remember what it was like?”
“No!” grated the spectre with window-rattling vehemence. “I know only frameless vistas with no perspective – frameless, nameless, and forever alone.”
Prosatio Silban nodded in meditative empathy. He was recalling a time in his own life, when he was a young man wandering the Exilic Lands in search of himself, or at least of some role by which he could connect to those around him. It is not good for a man to drift so, he thought, no doubt less good when he has no body – no container for his essence.
And then, all at once, the solution struck him.
“Perhaps your answer has been with you all along,” he said in a measured tone.
“What do you mean?” rasped his uninvited guest. “Do you know who I am?”
“Perhaps. Perhaps you are simply the one who says ... ‘I.’”
All at once the shadow winked into nothingness, a warm gust banged open the galleywagon door, and the cook’s startled dray-beast emitted a sleepy bleat.
“It’s alright, boy,” Prosatio Silban called. “It’s only me.”



Double Reflection
In which Our Hero learns a Great Truth.


IT WASN’T UNTIL THE CHEESE course that Prosatio Silban realized his clients weren’t silk merchants at all.
Enchanters, he thought. I should have tumbled to it earlier in the evening. There was something not-quite-mercantile about his clients’ furtive conversations, their curious hand-gestures, their piercing eyes.
The setting, too, should have clued him in. For one thing, it was within a small tumbledown shack located on a nondescript alley off one of epicurean Pormaris’ myriad back-streets. On entering, though, one had the impression of a larger room than the outer walls bespoke; it was hung with lavish tapestries and gilt-framed paintings thick with figures and scenes both peculiar and inexplicable.
One attendee in particular stood out – a wizened crone in dark red robes sitting near one end of the long oak dining table. She raised neither glass nor fork, but her goblet and plate emptied in the same measure as her countenance melted into satisfaction.
“Delicious,” she said. “My compliments to you, Master Cook.”
 Prosatio Silban bowed. “You are kind.”
“Not at all. May I tell you a tale by way of partial repayment?”
The cook bowed again and took an empty seat by the woman’s side. “Certainly,” he said. “As long as it does not distract from my hired duties.”
“Not at all. It goes like this:
“Once in space and time, there were rumors of a fabulous treasure, the wonder of the ages, which was locked in a tall castle atop a lonely mountain. Adventurers the world over sought it in vain, for it was guarded by fierce sentinels and forbidding topography. One after another tried to attain it, only to die or be disappointed.”
“I believe I may know this story,” said Prosatio Silban, in as polite a tone as he could muster.
“Well you may scoff,’ replied the crone. “It is an old tale, but has the potential to reward patience.”
“My apologies,” said the cook. “Pray continue.”
“One day, a youth motivated less by avarice and more by curiosity attempted to reach the castle. He defeated the sentinels and bridged the surrounding grounds to arrive at the great castle’s doors. Three loud knocks brought the castellan, who set the youth to guessing three riddles, all of which he answered with the purity of his heart’s wisdom. The castellan bade him enter.
“Up a steep spiral staircase the youth climbed, until he was short of breath. He came to a final door, opened it, and stepped inside a lighted chamber. There before him lay a dais covered by an embroidered tarpaulin. He drew off the cloth and beheld ... a mirror.”
The crone held the cook’s eyes. “Such is the tale, as it was told to me longer ago than I care to name,” she said.
There was a pause. Prosatio Silban raised an inquiring eyebrow.
“Is that all of it?” he asked.
“It is,” she said. “You must understand that our lives’ ultimate quest is simply to find ourselves – our true selves – which can only emerge after everything else is taken away. Of course, you must also know that everything a mirror reveals is reversed.
“That is one secret of life, but unrevealed in the tale: that life only is life with someone else to polish our worldview and – most important! – to act as parallax. How else could one answer the question, ‘Is it just me, or ...?’”
“I see,” said Prosatio Silban. “And who is your polisher?”
The crone smiled a fellow-conspirator’s smile. “Everyone I meet,” she said.



Last Meal
In which Our Hero prepares a long-lost family recipe.


ASIDE FROM BUOPOTHS, NO ONE knows what a fatberry-cake tastes like. But judging by how many the quaint lumbering beasts devour, the greasy maroon lumps must be a delightful treat.
Prosatio Silban pondered this mystery as he fed his buopoth, Onward, its third cake of the day, then wiped his hands on his faded green apron. It’s a good thing fatberries are ubiquitous, he thought, or I’d be out a useful dray-beast – and a loyal traveling companion.
The cook scratched Onward behind one ear, told it what a good buopoth it was, and stashed the jute fatberry-cake sack under his galleywagon’s driver’s bench. He glanced at his painted menu board and frowned. Not so much as a bowl of beans all morning, he complained to himself. Is it just me, or has epicurean Pormaris lost its taste for my portable livelihood?
It was not an unjustified thought. Here it was high sun, and despite being parked a-purpose near one of the great lake-encircled city’s dockside gates, busy merchants and prospective customers alike thronged past his galleywagon as though participating in a conspiracy of mutual silence.
The cook sighed, leaned against one of the vehicle’s chest-high spoked wheels, and narrowed his eyes. Let’s see: a jewelry-adrip Heir Second and his liveried retinue ... a poor woman browsing the bruised-vegetable stalls in search of cheap dinner ingredients ... a happy boy and girl chewing on lollypop-root ... two anxious young men, Gentry by the look of them, headed straight for me –
The pair wore sharply styled and matching belted brown tunics, long gold jerkins and yellow knee-breeches, as well as faces creased with concern. Prosatio Silban didn’t recognize them as past customers, but as they swept up he noted their agitation and hoped it wasn’t pointed at him.
“Are you the Cook For Any Price?” asked the younger-looking of the two.
“Does he owe you restitution or satisfaction?” the cook replied.
“No,” they chorused.
“Then I am he,” Prosatio Silban said, bowing low. “With what may I please you?”
“Come at once,” said the older. “Our father is dying – and we need your help.”

* * * 

Prosatio Silban could not help marveling at Sir Baello Forbit’s large and impressive foyer. Expensive-looking tapestries hung on every wall, from the tall vaulted ceiling to the intricate teak parquet, illustrating the Baello family’s history for the past ten generations. Bright braziers here and there cast warm pools of light. Three oubaq-leather chairs were disposed behind a massive and low mahogany table; two were occupied by the brothers, and in the center chair sat – rather, half-lay – the limp grey figure of Sir Baello himself.
“You will forgive me if I do not rise to meet, you, Master Cook,” the old man said, drawing his embroidered gold dressing-robe around himself. “I have been unable to stand unaided for weeks. Such is life – it comes and goes, then comes and goes again. One cannot stand fast against such somber inevitabilities.”
“True enough,” Prosatio Silban replied. “I have seen many such in my life as a mercenary cook. One must be prepared to serve all diverse kinds of the hungry, meal-seeking public. And speaking of which, if I may be so abrupt: your sons said you had a task for me. With what may I please you?”
“To be equally direct – I am approaching the time for my last meal,” the old man said with a wan smile, “and I should like for you to prepare it. Your reputation for sensitivity and attentiveness has impressed me. I will pay a fair price for your service.”
“Thank you for your confidence, Sir Baello,” replied the cook. “Would you like something bold and spiritually restorative, or does your taste run toward more nuanced subtleties of palate? The markets of Pormaris are at your disposal, as am I. You have but to ask and I shall arrange what’s appropriate.”
Sir Baello raised a trembling hand. “Do not agree so swiftly,” he said. “The task may not be an easy one. You see, I desire, most of all, my mother’s noodle stew.”
Prosatio Silban thought for a moment. “Mimicking a mother’s tender cookery may prove challenging, but not I hope impossible,” he said. “I would require her recipe, and shall do my best to soothe your appetite in a similar and maternal fashion.”
“Aha,” said Sir Baello with a grimace. “That is the challenge – she used no recipe, and I never stood at her side as she measured the ingredients with a long-practiced hand. I do, however, well know of what those ingredients consisted.”
Prosatio Silban produced a wax tablet and stylus from his black shoulder-slung bag. “You may dictate them to me at your leisure. But to shape them into the project at hand, I would ask you to also describe to me her personality ...”

* * *

The aroma of good things filled the Baello kitchen and spilled over into the adjacent and well-appointed dining room, where the Baellos waited with polite expectation. In large ceramic bowls Prosatio Silban set out the portions for the patriarch and his sons and stepped back from the table, awaiting praise or blame.
Sir Baello raised a trembling spoon to his pursed lips, blew on it, and slurped. His eyes closed; his raised eyebrows expressed a blend of joy, grief, recognition and deepest memory; and he gave forth a soft, satisfied moan.
“I haven’t tasted the like in more years than I care to admit,” he said. “Master Cook, how did you imitate to perfection the textures, the flavors, the subtle seasonings ...?”
“Cooking skill can often be a guide to character, and vice-versa,” Prosatio Silban said. “Tightfisted people often cook in like manner, while the more generous-hearted are known for their abundance of both foods and flavorings. You described to me a woman who was fastidious, kind, and concerned about her family’s well-being. That suggested someone with an exacting eye, but lavish with healthful spices and herbs; whose noodles always reached the perfect doneness; and who balanced the meat- and vegetable-ingredients in exquisite measure. It was an honor to prepare this for you.”
The old man took another slurp. “My boys,” he enthused to his sons, “this is what your grandmother fed us every week’s-end and holy day. She learned the dish from her own grandmother, and her grandmother from hers. I daresay that this dish enabled the Baello dynasty to thrive as successful Pormaris merchants for long generations. What do you think of it?”
“It’s good,” said the older.
“Tasty,” affirmed the younger.
The dining room was quiet for a time, as the three Baellos set to work with enthusiasm on their brimming bowls and Prosatio Silban smiled his beneficence.
“Master Cook,” the old man said after some moments, “if you’ll allow me, I must have seconds. No, don’t bother getting it – I’ll see to the pot myself.” So saying, he pushed back his chair, arose, and, bowl in hand, walked to the kitchen on steady legs. They heard him putter with the stew-pot, then stop.
“By Galien the All-Mother,” he whispered, awestruck.
 The brothers Baello looked at Prosatio Silban, then at each other.
“So much for our inheritance,” muttered the younger brother. The older one sighed.



Leisurely Eggs
In which Our Hero swaps a breakfast for a life.


TO THOSE WITH LITERALIST SENSIBILITIES, the phrase “ridiculous beauty” may suggest mere hyperbole and labored contrivance. 
But take dawn by the bank of an iridescent river – black sands washed by rippling indigo sparked with silver and rose – enhance it by a golden mist muting the eerie calls of magah-birds and other early risers, add the clean smell of a cooking-fire, and words will quite fail you.
Prosatio Silban was, at least for the moment, content. His previous client had paid him well enough to obviate immediate further employment, and the cook had taken the unusual opportunity (and the lesser-traveled of two roads) to bumble along with no plan other than to see if one would occur to him. So far, one hadn’t.
At the water’s edge stood a wide ring of waist-high obsidian boulders, and on the flattest one the cook had arranged a makeshift kitchen. Onward the buopoth was somewhere about, no doubt nibbling wildflowers or conversing with the local bees following his usual breakfast of two fatberry cakes and a kind word. Prosatio Silban was contemplating three chicken-eggs, a bit of hard yellow cheese, plump boar-and-apple sausage, waxy blue potato, sweet onion, and where are those capers?
The cook caught himself mid-frown, then grinned. He was, in most things, a traditionalist; not from formality, or fear of either god or novelty, but for the sheer delight of playing the game. Though his galleywagon was a mere few gentle strides uphill, the morning was already too pleasant for such fussiness; five ingredients would have to do. He poked at the embers in his folding grill, laid on top a small, oiled skillet, and began to chop the potato for a platter of Leisurely Eggs.
Leisurely Eggs dated from the Uulian Commonwell’s earliest days, when food was scarce and cooks inventive out of necessity rather than style. The dish could be thrown together in any fashion, and indeed looked that way on the plate no matter how talented its maker, but was also a time-honored test of skill. A bad cook would toss everything into the pan and hope for the best (including a forgiving palate); a good cook could use as many ingredients as obtainable, adding them in such order as to bring out the purest and most complementary flavor of each. So well-known was this principle and so beloved its demonstration that the dish was often cited as both metaphor and pre-matrimonial standard (“Yes, my son, she is beautiful; but how Leisurely are her Eggs?”).
An earthy scent rose from the skillet as Prosatio Silban sprinkled into it the cubed tuber, and from behind him came the crunch of sand beneath massive feet. “No more fatberry-cakes until high sun, Onward,” he said, reaching for the sausage.
“Who are you, and why are you on my beach?” rumbled a bone-trembling bass.
Prosatio Silban looked up, then further up. His visitor was as tall as at least six men stacked on each other’s shoulders, wide in the same proportion, with hair and beard the color of wet oak, and black eyes more curious than suspicious. His belt, tunic and boots were of tanned elephant-hide; one hand gripped the mouth of a shoulder-slung leather sack, the other rested on the hilt of a sheathed knife longer than the wondering cook-errant was tall. 
When in doubt, be polite, Prosatio Silban thought. Aloud, he said, “I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook for Any Price, and I intend no encroachment beyond a restful breakfast,” he said. “I will of course leave at once, but may I first know against whom I am trespassing?”
The giant’s eyes widened with surprise, then crinkled into a sudden smile.
“I am Marutri Rus, and none have asked my name for thousands of moons, nor been so willing to accommodate rebuff,” he said. “Often, there is a reckless dispute, followed by screaming, bone-cracking, and a sad head-shake at the folly of men.”
“As a mercenary cook, I have long ago learned the benefits of accommodation,” Prosatio Silban said. “And as for reckless disputes, I share your disdain – at least, when one disputant’s argument so outweighs the other.” He made to remove his pan from the fire, but a forefinger the size of his hand rested on his wrist.
“What do you mean by, ‘The Cook For Any Price?’” asked the giant.
“Exactly that. I travel in search of hungry patrons, and serve them whatever they like for whatever they will pay me.”
“Why?”
“A good question. Sometimes, I even ask it of myself.”
Marutri Rus smiled and removed his finger.
“It is long since I have tasted cooking other than my own,” said the giant, “and such monotony is as wearisome to the stomach as to the soul. Fix me a breakfast that will satisfy both, and you may stay here until sundown. Decline, or fail, and I shall breakfast upon roast buopoth – for it is also long since I have tasted that.”
Near the galleywagon stood Onward, its chatoyant pelt muted in the golden haze, and a winsome expression on its wildflower-specked face. Seeing the pair looking at him, the buopoth flapped three of his enormous ears and continued nibbling.
The cook passed within a heartbeat’s time through protective anger and helpless despair into grim resolve. Onward was more than a useful dray-beast – it had been a constant companion for many years, asking in return little more than a steady supply of affection and fatberry-cakes. In many ways, Prosatio Silban considered the quaint lumbering animal his closest friend. Though not always given to petitionary prayer – it felt to him as childish as asking his parents for a shiny new toy – he closed his eyes and shouted with his heart:
O Bohoran, God of Unlooked-For Strength; Penteget, Goddess of Just Desperation; and Wempernal, Patron of Self-Made But Narrowly Averted Catastrophe – whatever happens, show me what to do and help me to do it! In return, I will tell the tale of your triune kindness to anyone who will listen. This I affirm.
Prosatio Silban locked eyes with the giant, forcing into his voice what he hoped was an appropriate blend of bravado, concern and nonchalance.
“I have never declined a contract, nor do I intend to do so now,” he said. “However, I fear that my kitchen and provisions are unequal to your terms.”
“Size is a matter for philosophers,” replied Marutri Rus, setting down his sack with a beach-quaking thud and unfastening the knotted thong at its mouth. “Just keep the pan hot, and better-tended ...”
 Starchy smoke beckoned Prosatio Silban’s attention back to his previous task, where the potato had charred to a dark golden-black. He wrapped a towel around the skillet handle and with swift grace set it on the black sands.
“No matter,” said Marutri Rus, reaching into his sack. “Accidents happen even to the best of cooks. You may use this.”
“This” was a copper measuring-spoon the size of Prosatio Silban’s chest, which the giant laid on the cook’s folding grill. The spoon’s mirror-smooth handle had been worn, by time and use, just thin enough for the cook’s firm grasp. It looked capacious enough for four generous servings of Leisurely Eggs – at least, for diners of Prosatio Silban’ stature.
A thunderous chopping sounded from behind him; just then, diced red onion fell from above like pungent hail. One landed in the grill’s coals, nearly extinguishing them with an acrid crackle. Prosatio Silban flicked it out with a wooden spatula, then blinked twice in confusion.
Every cook had a Leisurely Eggs conceit. Prosatio Silban’s was to produce the largest possible meal from the smallest possible fry-pan, and the utensil he was using certainly fitted that description. But the giant’s spoon-cum-skillet was rippling at the edges ...
Precise cubes of yellow potato came next, followed by a vast slice of marbled sausage that landed square on the shield-sized pan’s edge and almost bounced out before the cook could steady it with the spatula. A second chunk landed next to the first, then a third, then more. He arranged each to its best advantage amid sizzling mounds of onion and potato, then blinked again, an unholy oath dying in his mind as a dozen or more immense artichoke heart-quarters dropped into the arms’-width skillet.
Prosatio Silban wielded his spatula with surprising ease given its apparent heft; though his right hand felt and looked no different than usual – mild morning stiffness, knife-callous at the base of his index finger, a white scar above his wrist from an early attempt at deep frying. But when he glanced at his left hand, gripping the handle of a skillet now wider than he was tall, his eyes twisted with vertigo. He could either look straight at his work or well away from it – there seemed to be no in-between rest for his tortured vision.
By this time, the vicinity was redolent with an aroma that would have brought any neighbors running with plates and hopeful faces. I may have to cancel this contract, Prosatio Silban thought, as capers larger than his fist began tumbling into the boat-sized pan.
And with that reflection, the Cook For Any Price no longer fretted the strangeness of his circumstances. All sense of temporal and spatial propriety had dissolved, as though the line separating him from his surroundings had fused. The capers were followed in steady and gargantuan succession by sliced olives, mushrooms, garlic and spinach leaves; the cook just shrugged and kept stirring. He was alert and aware – relishing with joy, and without judgment or curiosity, his unique situation: the dense wood-grain of spatula and warm copper of the courtyard-wide skillet; the pressure of his feet against the sand; each ingredient’s aroma, both distinct and fused; the seamless mesh of immediate and long-acquired experience telling him that the dish was near completion.
A golden flood of beaten egg, followed by great curls of white and yellow cheese, filled the plaza-vast pan almost to its brim. Perfect? he wondered, and laughed at the novelty of thinking in words.
With a final stir, Prosatio Silban discharged into an enormous clay dish enough Leisurely Eggs to feed an army of laboring roustabouts. He emptied the rest of the now skillet-small measuring spoon onto his own plate and sat down on the sand, waiting.
Marutri Rus lifted a laden forkful to his nose, sniffed in appraisal, then placed it into his cavernous mouth. Prosatio Silban tried not to look at Onward; the cook knew he had done his best – but he also knew that that quality wasn’t his to name.
The giant gave an experimental chew, swallowed, and smiled.
“Roast buopoth is off today’s menu,” he said with a contented grin.
The tired cook returned the giant’s smile. “Thank you,” he said. He put his head on his exhausted arms. A contract is a contract, he thought and, with a grateful nod to his various gods, dropped into a well-earned sleep.



Disconsolate Wineherd
In which Our Hero rescues a sad soul.


EVEN OVER THE CLANK OF his galleywagon, Prosatio Silban could hear the sobs.
The weeper, by his dress a well-to-do farmer, was standing beside a smartly appointed and over-laden oxcart at the crossroads near Vineol, a town renowned throughout the Uulian Commonwell for the delicacy and refinement of its wines. The day was hot for the region and season, and had been so for many days – hot and cloudless but with an occasional breeze at the right moment. The cook wondered why the man was giving such unguarded vent, and reined his galleywagon to a halt.
“Isn’t it too-warm a day for such distress?” he asked, dismounting from the driver’s bench.
The farmer produced a large blue handkerchief and blew into it.
“Not if the sun has blasted your crop, and with it your hopes for purchasing wintertime eating,” he said, and bowed. “Pars Killiup.”
“Prosatio Silban, The Cook For Any Price. May I be of any service to you?”
Pars Killiup turned to his cart. “Only if you can change dross into gold. Look.” He drew back the cart’s canvas cover, revealing several open barrels filled with tight-packed masses of black wrinkled berries glinting here and there with rainbow sparks. A musky, tangy aroma rose from them; unfamiliar, yet not unpleasant.
“Some of the finest winefruit this side of the Rimless Sea, or was before the heat ruined it,” he said. “I harvested the raisings anyway, just to give the field hands something to do, and was taking them to the river for disposal. But that thought was more than I could bear, and so you found me.”
Prosatio Silban thought of the Uulian proverb, Disaster: Opportunity for the attentive. Aloud, he said, “Everything has its proper place. We will take these to market.”
“What? Why? So my Vineol neighbors can share my disgrace?”
“Not in Vineol. In Pastisi.”
“Pastisi? But Pastisi is nothing but brewers and bakers! They don’t even buy wine, let alone winefruit. Besides, it’s at least a dayride from here.”
“Nevertheless,” said the beefy cook. “You will sell these for more than they would bring if fresh.”
“Eh? Are you some sort of enchanter?”
“No. Simply a cook who knows his customers.”
“Well, then. I have already lost my livelihood; I suppose you can’t make things worse.”
And so, following a journey divided by dinner (rabbit confit, beets, and a half-bottle of white duliac), a peaceful sleep, and break-fast (eggs with gravy, cheese biscuits, sliced citrion, and a bracing pot of yava), the pair wedged themselves into the thronged Pastisi marketplace.
“Now, then,” Prosatio Silban said as he lifted the tarpaulin. “Within an hour, you’ll be the richest man in Vineol.”
“How so?”
The cook’s reply was cut off by a gruff “What are these?” from a brawny chap in a brown baker’s apron.
“‘These?’” Prosatio Silban asked, raising his voice a trifle. “‘These’ have never before been seen on this side of the Rimless Sea. Taste one.”
The baker sniffed, raised an eyebrow. “Hm. Sweet.” He chewed, eyes closed, nodding. “Not cloying. Fruity. What are they?”
“That is the secret,” said the cook. “My friend here has developed a method whereby a fruit’s essence may be concentrated within its skin by removing its waters.”
“Eh? Magik?” asked an old woman who had stopped to listen.
“No, madam,” Prosatio Silban replied. “Not magik, but a simple process sanctioned by the Flickering Gods.”
The woman wrinkled her brow. “Looks like ruined winefruit to me,” she said.
The cook closed his eyes as if in pain. “Ruined fruit is garbage. One does not sell garbage in the marketplaces of the Commonwell.”
“True,” said a boy leading a goat. “Then what are you selling?”
The old woman chewed, raised her eyebrows. “Something tasty, whatever else it be,” she said.
“How much d’you want for them?” demanded the baker.
“What are you selling?” asked a man with the bearing and garb of a noble.
“Something good for custard,” said the boy with the goat.
“Or bread,” said the baker.
“Or oats-meal,” said the woman.
“How much for that barrel?” asked the noble.
That evening, Prosatio Silban and Pars Killiup dined on a truffled squab apiece atop a rich pilaf of cashews and blue rice, sweetened with the last handful of the wineherd’s crop.
“This is delicious,” said the farmer, raising his empty glass. “But how did you know?”
“Everything has its proper place,” the cook replied. “You just have to find where it is.”



Arrow Escape
In which Our Hero helps a fugitive slave toward a better life.


THE LAW IN STONY-HEARTED Tirinbar mandated that all escaped slaves and their liberators were to be killed when located – but that could not deter Prosatio Silban from trying to do the right thing.
Born and raised in the less-pitiless parts of the Uulian Commonwell, the cook acted with decency as a matter of course. But when the slight, copper-skinned young woman appeared, early one evening on the figurative doorstep of his galleywagon (parked in the only location he could find: a seldom-visited spot hard by Tirinbar’s tertiary marketplace), his first motivation was profit.
“With what may I please you?” he asked, as he paused from stowing a table-and-chairs beneath the galleywagon. “I am about to close, but there is still time to cook something that fits your fancy and, with hope, your coin-pouch. What is your desire?”
She regarded him with tentative eyes. “Kindness,” she said. “And perhaps a humble bowl of blue rice.”
Prosatio Silban moved to unfold the seating, then stopped. “Where did you get those scars?” he asked in alarm.
“What scars?” she replied with practiced nonchalance.
“My good woman – I can see them through the holes in your tunic. You are not a native of this city, are you?”
“Not by choice. I am of the Xai.”
He dropped his voice. “Are you in need of helpful shelter?”
She glanced from side to side and nodded, her eyes wide with prey-fear.
Prosatio Silban lifted his chin to his galleywagon. “You should be safe in there, at least for the moment. If anyone asks, I will tell them you are mine. They may not believe me, so to obviate their interest you should make yourself as hidden as possible.”
She mounted the steps and flashed a grateful, if sad, smile. “Thank you.”
“One more thing,” he said. “You will find whole clothes in a drawer beneath the berth in the rear alcove. We are not quite the same size, but if you find anything that fits, you are welcome to it. I will join you soon.”
She is young enough to be my daughter, he thought as she disappeared inside. How can I help her? And ... at what cost?

The Exilic Lands’ first inhabitants were the so-called “Antecedents.” Hundreds of generations past, they had mastered both technology and magik before almost destroying themselves in a brief but continent-devastating war. Their diminished descendants – the nomadic Xao and the forest-dwelling Xai – were all that remained by the time of the Uulian arrival eight centuries ago. While two of the Commonwell’s fabled Three Cities were on cordial terms with the reclusive indigenes, this was not the case within the city and lands of grim-shadowed Tirinbar. Those callous colonialists saw in the Xao and Xai only an easy source of free and abundant labor, and set about enslaving all that could be found – including women and children.
Such were Prosatio Silban’s meditations as he stowed his collapsible furniture and considered his frightened and somewhat inconvenient guest. There is nothing for it but to spirit her back to her people, or at least somewhere – anywhere – more hospitable.
He knocked softly on the galleywagon’s upper door. “Are you clothed?” he asked.
“Please – come in,” came the reply.
She was sitting in the middle of the ornate braided rug, wrapped in a voluminous blue silk robe and eyeing a sack of kobi-nuts in the opened pantry. Her patched and dirty clothes were rolled into a pile in the corner. Fatberry-oil lanterns lit her face with a lambent pink glow; she now wore a look of such relaxation as to appear even younger.
The cook closed the galleywagon’s doors and put a finger to his lips. 
“I have an idea,” he said. “It may not be feasible, but we shall see how it plays out.”
“What is that?”
“We escape. What is your name?”
“My master called me ‘Trollop.’ But my birth name is ‘Eqliana.’”
“Eqliana, I will try my best to see you out of this place. But before that, I will prepare for both of us a simple meal. Meanwhile, help yourself to those nuts.” So saying, he began to busy himself at the stove and preparation-counter.
“Why are you aiding me?” she asked, a hint of suspicion coloring her voice.
“It is the right thing to do,” he said, filling a small pot with water and placing it on a stove-burner. “And I always try to do the right thing.”
“Why?”
He turned to face her. “Because nothing else is challenging enough.”
She pondered that while he added to the pot a measure of blue rice, then lit the burner.
Knock-knock-knock. 
They froze. Prosatio Silban indicated the black-curtained sleeping-berth. “Go,” he whispered, and extinguished the stove.
The voice from the other side of the entrance was gruff and unforgiving. “Open in the name of the Scionry!”
The cook cracked open the door’s upper half. “Yes?”
The voice’s owner looked as brutal as he sounded: a heavy-set man in the black chainmail and stone-grey livery of Tirinbar’s constabulary. His piggish eyes were narrow slits, as though they had seen the world and judged it to be lacking.
“I am the city-guard Bulio Tra, and I am looking for a young slave, a Xai handmaiden. She slipped from her master’s household within the past hour,” he said, pushing open the upper door and peering into the galleywagon’s interior. “Have you seen such a one?”
“I have seen many handmaidens this day, in the marketplace and otherwise,” Prosatio Silban replied. “All of them were Exilic Land indigenes, but I could not say for sure whether they were Xao or Xai. Has she done her master a wrong?”
“Only by her absence,” the guardsman said, eyes narrowing further as he tried to see past the cook’s bulk. “As a matter of policy, we keep the house-slaves half-starved and moneyless so that they can’t run from us. But now and then, somehow, one finds the strength. It is an old story, and does not end well.”
“I can see that. I wish you luck in finding her.”
“Oh, we will. We always do. You are from epicurean Pormaris, yes? Your clothing reveals your residency. What business do you have here?”
“I am Prosatio Silban, The Cook For Any Price. Wherever hungry bellies are found, you will also find me and my galleywagon.”
“Do you make it a custom to feed hungry slaves?”
“I feed anyone who can afford my bill. If they have no coin or barter, they must go elsewhere. I am nobody’s free benefactor.”
“A sound economic practice. Well, then. If you see her ...”
“I understand. And I will lose no speed in letting you know. Good night!”
“Good night.”
The cook closed the upper door. As the constable’s steps receded, he exhaled with relief and ran a hand across his moist face.
Eqliana parted the alcove curtain. “Thank you,” she mouthed, pale with fright.
“Do not thank me yet,” Prosatio Silban replied. “You will have greater cause for gratitude once this meal is cooked, and perhaps later, when you use my bunk as your bed-place.”
She frowned. “And where is your bed-place?”
“I will sleep where I always do when unexpected guests are about – under a blanket, and on the rug.”

* * * 

As dray-beasts go, the quaint and lumbering buopoths offered many advantages. The chatoyant polymorphs were tireless laborers, and useful in areas where the appearance of exotic draft animals could be a liability. As the popular saying went, “Buopoths can haul all day on a fatberry-cake and a kind word.”
The buopoth named Onward, who had been drawing Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon for his quarter-century as a mercenary cook, was especially talented. Take now for instance: Although the creatures were not unknown in Tirinbar’s general territory, the cook felt it better not to overdraw attention; thus Onward’s current manifestation as a large and enthusiastic ox.
The rough, hilly landscape – twisted scrub, grey- and bluestone boulders, an occasional dwarf baobab – rolled by at a sloth’s pace. From time to time, Eqliana would open the upper door just behind the driver’s bench and ask, “How much farther to the Tirinbar-Pormaris border?”
“It is more near than when you last inquired,” Prosatio Silban replied with a patient smile. “But at this speed, we will reach the border within half an hour.”
“I’m sorry to be so inquisitive – I was born into slavery, and freedom seems a dream. What shall I do after we leave these lands? How will I make a living? My only skills are fetching, carrying, enduring beatings, and tending the flog-marks of my sister-slaves.”
“Your beating-days are now over,” the cook said. “And as I am well-connected to epicurean Pormaris’ culinary community, I’m certain I can place there someone of your other talents. Perhaps we could even ‘prentice you: to the kitchen of an Heir Second, or member of the Gentry, or a restaurant, or an inn, or even —”
“Halt in the name of the Scionry!” Even over the clank and clatter of the galleywagon, the shout from behind cut through like a jagged knife.
Prosatio Silban tugged the reins and, as Onward halted his forward progress, a rider on zebra-back came trotting into view. Eqliana shut the upper door, but not before catching a glance from the same constable who had troubled them the previous evening.
“Aha!” cried Bulio Tra, dismounting and drawing an evil-looking mace. “I knew something was amiss when I accosted you yestereve. Come down from there at once, both of you. You know the penalty.”
Prosatio Silban raised both arms and descended from the driver’s bench; Eqliana followed suit. “She is my responsibility,” he said. “She only asked for a meal. It was my idea alone to remove her. I stand behind my actions, and am willing to accept the consequences. But please – let her go.”
“That is not our law,” said the sneering guardsman, retrieving from his saddle two lengths of twine and a large coil of rope. “I am charged, by the First Heir Gorrid who rules our city and lands, to track down and punish slaves along with thieving ‘emancipators.’ Now both of you” – he raised the mace – “put your hands behind your back.”
As Bulio Tra tied Prosatio Silban’s wrists, Eqliana began to weep. “I’m sorry,” she said through her tears. “I should never have left my master’s house.”
“No, you shouldn’t have,” said the guardsman, tying her in turn. “And now, you’ll suffer for it.”
The hapless pair watched as Bulio Tra selected a convenient baobab, threw one end of the rope over a high branch, and tied a noose in the other end. “You first,” he told the cook, pulling the loop over his head. “I want the last thing she sees to be the dangling carcass of her would-be benefactor.”
“May I claim the Right of Last Words?” asked Prosatio Silban.
The guardsman paused. “As a rule, they are not allowed,” he said. “But you are a stranger to Tirinbar’s ways. Say what you will.”
“What you are doing is wrong,” said the cook. “The Flickering Gods created all of us – even the Xao and Xai! – as free and equal partners in this life and the next. We are here, not to enslave each other, but to help and guide one another on the winding path along which the gods see fit to beckon us. We are Their property alone, and in the name of Galien the All-Mother, we –”
“That is all you have time for,” interjected Bulio Tra. He was about to tie the rope’s free end to the pommel of his saddle, but was interrupted by a loud and fearsome roar.
It belonged to an enormous lion, on whose back was perched a bronzed and tattooed Xao warrior wielding a nocked longbow. The mounted pair approached, and the arrow was aimed at the guardsman’s chest. Onward was nowhere to be seen.
Bulio Tra laughed. “Please,” he scoffed. “Transforming your buopoth into a beast and rider is nothing for anyone to fear. The placid creatures can only mimic form, not function. If you think this will –”
The arrow struck him in the right thigh. Bulio Tra screamed and clutched at it, falling to his left knee as the warrior nocked another arrow.
“Go,” said the Xao in accented Uulian. “Or, your heart.”
“Do not shoot me again!” the guardsman cried from behind placating hands. “Please! Please! I am going.” He mounted his horse and, with difficulty and much cursing of his situation and its players, rode out of sight back to his city.
The Xao lowered his bow, dismounted, and drew a flint dagger with which he cut Eqliana’s and Prosatio Silban’s bonds.
“Thank you,” the cook said, rubbing his wrists. He clucked his tongue, and Onward appeared from behind a low rise. Eqliana gasped.
“Buopoths can do more than transform,” Prosatio Silban said with a relieved smile. “They can also act as messengers – and, sometimes, summon help from unguessed quarters. Thank you, boy.”
Onward’s outline softened and flowed into that of the immense ox he had been before. As the cook shook hands with their Xao benefactor, Eqliana embraced the buopoth’s thick neck.
“Let us go,” she whispered. “Onward.”



Place: An Amuse-Bouche


SOMEONE ONCE ASKED PROSATIO SILBAN his thoughts on “presentation;” i.e., how a dish should look when it left his kitchen. The Cook For Any Price thought for a moment before replying.
“I suppose it depends on your notion of what the food’s for,” he said. “In epicurean Pormaris, more than elsewhere in the Commonwell, cooking is an art like music, painting, or courtesanry. There, the current fashion is to pile the food as vertically as the ingredients and imagination will allow. Perhaps the cooks and eaters think it accents the dinner setting.
“My own customers range from wealthy banqueters to the bowl-of-beans poor, but they have one thing in common: they’re hungry. So I try never to let the food get in the way of itself. A pretty plate pleases the soul, and that’s important. But people don’t always know what to do with too much prettiness.”



Birthday Party
In which Our Hero serves a handful of temporal relatives.


IT ONLY CAME ONCE A year, but for Prosatio Silban, once was almost too much. 
His galleywagon was parked in the modest marketplace at the village of Whistleshoe, and he had begun this particular splendid spring day in front of his mirror. A bald, somewhat round and middle-aged face looked back at him with a forced smile. The twenty-second day of the month of the Mouse, in the Year of the Weighted Table, he thought. Merry Natal Day. And many, many happy returns ... or at least, one or two.
The cook wiggled his artificial eyebrows, but even that children-entertaining gesture failed to rouse his flagging spirits. Consider yourself lucky, my friend. Some people don’t have birthdays anymore. Remember three ago, the Year of the Shattered Keep, when you were down for a week from the Galloping Horribles? You almost ended your days then and there. So don’t give me that hangdog expression.
He dressed with haste (grey canvas kneebreeches, blue tunic, green jerkin, jaunty blue fez, black cloth belt, and matching rubber-soled shoes), nodded at the mirror, and exited his galleywagon.
What is it that makes this day so ... well, so spiritually perilous? You are a cheerful fellow most of the time, especially when the morning dawns this bright. And as a child, you couldn’t get enough of iced wizard-cake and well-attended parties. But these days, this day never fails to lay you out flat. No wonder you’d rather work than churn your brain with celebrations.
“Good morning, Onward,” Prosatio Silban greeted his buopoth, prompting a rattling hoot. He fed the chatoyant animal a pair of fragrant maroon fatberry cakes, told it what a good buopoth it was, and deployed a table-and-chairs from the galleywagon’s undercarriage. He then set up his painted signboard – topped by the three-color proclamation, THE COOK FOR ANY PRICE – and steeled himself to welcome potential breakfasters.
One ago, the Year of the Rain-washed Flagon, I was in epicurean Pormaris catering a seasonal banquet for that city’s reigning Heir Second. Nobles can make excellent clients, especially the more purse-padding ones, but what a time I had satisfying him! He found fault with everything I –
“Excuse me, but are you taking business at this early hour?” asked a young woman. She held a baby in the crook of one elbow; her tone and expression marked her as a young adult. She shifted the infant to her other arm and searched the cook’s face.
“With what may I please you?” he asked. “And is it you alone, or your child also?”
“He just ate, so to speak,” the woman replied, and smiled. “But I would appreciate a plate of marbled chicken-eggs, vegetable hash, and toasted stone-rye bread for my own breakfast. I don’t often feast in so lavish a fashion, but the twenty-second of Mouse is my birthday, and such a date deserves a bit of a splurge.”
“It’s your birthday too?” Prosatio Silban asked. “Mine as well. Which makes this meal half-price, as my gift to you.”
“Thank you!” the woman said, and her coquettish smile deepened.
The cook’s face reddened as he turned to ascend the galleywagon steps. She’s young enough to be my daughter, if I had a daughter, he thought, then frowned. In any case, I am too old for such improprieties. Perhaps she’s simply grateful for the discount?
His mentations were interrupted by another young customer, this one a young man, dressed in the beltless tunic and open jerkin of the rural working-classes. “I couldn’t help overhearing. You see, today also happens to be the day I was born. Twenty-three ago, in fact, in the Year of the Twisted Barrel.”
“What a coincidence!” cried the woman, and dimpled. “I was born the year before – the Sixteenth Year of the Lurking Jest. Master Cook, what year were you born?”
“Believe it or not, I took my first breath in the Fifteenth of the Lurking Jest,” said the cook. “I suppose that makes us all linked, somehow.”
“If we’re not, we should be – despite that you are twenty-five years my senior,” the woman said, then turned her seductive smile to the young man. “Here – share this table with me.”
Prosatio Silban groaned inwardly. A born flirt, he told himself. Not the most attractive quality. Still, don’t be unprofessional. To the late arrival, he asked, “With what may I please you?”
“Ah ... what do you recommend?” the man asked.
“I am preparing eggs and hash for our calendar-mate already,” the cook replied. “It would be simplicity itself to double the serving. But then, it’s your birthday too, yes? You should have whatever you like.”
The man winked at the woman. “That remains to be seen,” he said, and grinned. “But it’s also your birthday, Master Cook. Make it easy on yourself.”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “Your food will arrive in a moment,” he said, and made again for the galleywagon steps.
Inside, he tried not to think about the young woman’s inviting smile as he cracked four eggs into one well-seasoned iron skillet and began sizzling hash in another. Such transparency, he thought, breaking the yolks and stirring them into the just-set whites. Still, it is nice to be made eyes at on occasion.
When the meals were done to a nicety, he deposited them on two woven-bamboo plates, set these on a lacquered wooden tray, retrieved and added the toast, and stepped outside. As he descended the steps, he saw that his two customers had been joined by a third – another woman, and one closer to his own age and social station. She stood by the table-and-chairs, wearing a long blue dress and a distracted air, with an artless comeliness of the comfortable variety.
“Here you are,” he told the pair. Turning to the newcomer, he asked, “With what may I please you?”
“I doubt you can,” she said with a frown. “You see, today is my birthday, and I –”
“Wonderful!” interrupted the young woman. “We are having a party. Won’t you sit and join us? It’s all of our birthdays too.”
“I am in no mood for parties,” said the older woman. “I have not celebrated my birthday since twelve ago. The Year of the Flowing Bottle? That is the day my dear husband died.”
The requisite awkward silence fell.
“I am sorry to hear that,” Prosatio Silban said.
“As are we,” chorused the other two.
“Well, there’s nothing to be done about it,” said the older woman. “Since his death, my birthdays have seemed ... a bit macabre. They only remind me of how little time I have left in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds.” She focused warm and experience-wise eyes on the cook, as if seeking his understanding.
Prosatio Silban bowed in sympathy. “I think I know how you feel,” he said. “The very thought occurred to me just this morning, in fact; how little time remains, that is, and how soon it passes. But today, that thought inspired me to open for business. It is what I know how to do, and it seems to gratify people.”
“It certainly gratifies me,” said the young woman, and raised a laden fork. “If you weren’t here, I would have started my natal day hungry. And that would not have been merry at all.”
“No,” agreed the young man. “Life always seems better with a full stomach – and more so in company. Thank you for that, Master Cook.”
“Yes, thank you,” echoed the young woman.
The cook nodded his appreciation; the older woman’s frown deepened, then turned sheepish. “Well. Far be it from me to be a soggy cloud on such an otherwise fine morning,” she said with an uncertain smile. “However much time I have left, I’d rather spend it pleasantly. And I suppose I shall begin with breakfast. I should like a plate of marbled chicken-eggs, vegetable hash, stone-rye toast...”
Prosatio Silban returned her smile with warm sincerity. “That seems to be today’s ‘birthday special,’” he said. “I shall return in a moment.”

* * * 

Alone in his galleywagon at last, Prosatio Silban fluffed his pillow and drew back the bedclothes, looking forward to a well-earned rest. It had been a busy day; in addition to the fortuitous breakfast custom, he had hopped up and down the galleywagon steps in service to a happy and steady day-long throng of patrons. His coin jar was almost full, and his heart likewise: he had enjoyed a genial dinner at the village inn with the older woman, spending the evening in more pleasant (and lengthy) conversation than he could remember having had for some time.
Prosatio Silban glanced in the mirror. There was no trace of sadness or even irritation in his face, and he smiled – this time, without force. All in all, he thought, a better natal day than I had thought it would be. He climbed into his sleeping-berth, extinguished the overhead fatberry-oil lamp, and closed his eyes in thankful supplication to his private gods.



Final Kindness
In which Our Hero does his best.


OF THE NUMBERLESS CREATURES INHABITING the Exilic Lands, none are perhaps so quaint as the lumbering buopoth – and though no two descriptions agree as to the shy animal’s exact appearance, Prosatio Silban felt he knew every pore and curve in his chatoyant dray-beast’s backside.
His knowledge did not come from prurience; rather, he had stared at little else for the past few days.
The Cook For Any Price was driving his galleywagon eastward through the flat and sweltering Western Wides, and had been sandwiched between bright blue sky and featureless green plain for the greater part of a sweaty eternity. The only point of visual interest was the great baobab tree known to travelers as ‘Climbing Gnarl,’ its gargantuan form bloating up from the wispy grey horizon like a sea-worm scenting insensible prey.
Shade. Quiet. Nap, Prosatio Silban thought, plucking at his damp clothes and picturing cool melon slices and a tall tankard of iced citronade. Then the Reckless Hills* by sunset, and so into the Commonwell and wherever Hopmon, God of the Weighted Coin-Pouch may dispose.
The sun was crawling down the sky behind him by the time Prosatio Silban breasted the deciduous landmark. A slender figure was seated against its swollen trunk, its head resting on bony knees clasped by emaciated arms. Judging from the fashionable cut of the golden tunic, long russet vest and umber knee-breeches, the stranger looked to be a member of the Uulian Commonwell’s wealthier classes – and one who could benefit from an affordable and well-cooked meal.
“Hail, traveler,” Prosatio Silban called out, halting his beast with a tug of the plaited yak-hair reins. “May I join you?”
No reply.
The cook slid from the driver’s bench. He shook the self-embracing figure’s shoulder, and it toppled onto its side.
Prosatio Silban’s hairless brow creased. So much for my itinerary, he thought as the familiar weight of obligation settled over his heart. “Let’s see what I can do for you, friend,” he said aloud.
While he was not unmoved by death, the cook had seen enough of it to develop a patient acceptance of its inevitability and consequences. And though he was a self-defrocked Sacreant, he had never been able to abandon his natal faith’s responsibilities. However, such responsibilities were not without problems.
I’ve never actually built a funeral pyre, he thought. How hard could it be?
He unlashed a large fatberry-oil barrel from the galleywagon’s undercarriage and rolled it some distance from the tree, then retrieved from the vehicle’s interior his most ornate (and least favorite) silk robe. He laid the garment beside the body, grasped the decedent under its arms – then sprawled backwards as the lighter-than-apparent corpse tumbled over and away, rocked once or twice, then settled on its back.
Prosatio Silban narrowed his eyes, shook his head, and sighed. He wrapped and tied the robe as appropriate, then carried to the bone-lumpy package to a suitable piece of ground and soaked it with oil. Perhaps not the most ideal of funerals, but the best my means could provide, he thought. Tradition asks no less, and only more when practicable.
The cook struck a match and applied it, grunting in satisfaction as fragrant pinkish flames took quick hold of the sodden bundle – then grumbled in dismay as the fickle blaze consumed the robe, and little else, before puffing out.
More fatberry oil and another robe later, Prosatio Silban grimaced, ran a hand over his bare scalp and swore a soft oath to Hyntral, Goddess of Futile Sincerity. He cast about for suitable pyre-fodder, but saw nary a baobab branch either on the ground or within reach.
Maybe I should just pour the oil on the damned ground instead? But the soil proved too well-draining and he wasted several matches before allowing himself to realize it. He threw down the box with a huff and contemplated digging a shallow grave and pushing on to his destination. But his sense of duty was too strong, and despite his growing frustration, he knew that he had not yet exhausted all possibilities.
Prosatio Silban found himself staring at the oil barrel. It was much like any other of its kind: a waist-high cylinder of cheap grey box-timber stenciled with a stylized fatberry-cluster, its seams darkened by long use. The ubiquitous berries were a cheap source of fuel (and buopoth fodder), and the discarded barrels could be found in quantity throughout the Commonwell. He smiled, remembering happy boyhood hours playing inside the fragrant if slippery containers waiting to be broken into easy-burning firewood ...
He glanced at the body, then at the barrel. Then at the body. He smiled.
The stars were sparking into brilliance and the smoking barrel dulling to embers when Prosatio Silban finished chanting a dirge’s last doleful cadence. He stood up, stretched crouch-stiffened limbs and bowed his head.
“‘Who saw you come, see you home,’” he quoted to the soft red coals, then dropped his voice to a spontaneous murmur. “And whoever you were, thank you for reminding me where the road ends.”
Behind him, his dray-beast’s rattling hoot indicated a polite but firm interest in dinner. Prosatio Silban turned and smiled at the curious beast, its sleek chatoyant hide almost invisible against the evening sky.
“And thank you for reminding me where it begins,” he said, heading for the galleywagon – and dinner.

* So-called because the Uulians consider reckless anyone who travels beyond them.



Shunned Fragment
In which Our Hero’s curiosity gets the better of him.


THERE ARE SOME RECIPES A cook was not meant to know.
It had begun innocently enough, in epicurean Pormaris’ enormous Archive of Gastronomic Artifice. This beloved institution was holy to two of the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods: Toth-Ar the Divine Scribe and Scofi, Patroness of Culinary Impartation. Prosatio Silban made a point of perusing the Archive at least once a year, to research new recipes or rediscover old ones. His latest visit had begun much like the others – a pleasant morning’s browse through stacks of scrolls and shelves of codices collected from the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities and Thousand Villages, as well as the surrounding Exilic Lands.
But the Archive’s three crowded levels contained more than recipe books, menus and culinary diaries. They also housed a museum of cooking implements and techniques, and showcased a variety of cuisines ancient and modern, familiar and exotic. Prepared fare was also available both for study and purchase.
On this particular day, Prosatio Silban was copying a few must-haves into a well-used clothbound notebook. He was sitting at a reading-desk, engrossed in a thick volume dedicated to soup in all its forms (Zoro Eqsarr’s Simmering Sympathies), when a triangular scrap dropped out and onto the flagstone floor.
Ho ho. What’s this? he thought. He had never before seen or felt its like; the heavy parchment was covered on both sides with a random scattering of dark red dots set within distinct lines, and looked to have been torn from the corner of another book. But what book? And why?
Ever the compulsive completionist, he painstakingly transcribed the fragment’s markings into his notebook for further study – even tracing the outline of the parchment’s torn edge. Not knowing what to do next, he decided to consult one of the Archive’s resident Sacreants, whose duty lay in serving its many visitors. After a bit of searching through wide corridors and roomy chambers, he located a middle-aged woman wearing the customary Rainbow Robe.
“Excuse me?” the cook asked, holding up the parchment. “What do you suppose this is?”
She glanced at the scrap, and her eyes opened wide as she snatched it from his hand. “Where did you find this?” she asked. It was almost an accusation.
Prosatio Silban indicated the book he had been studying. “It was marking the place between fidget-hen consommé with roasted grains, and a recipe for duckfish bisque,” he replied. “Can you tell me what it says, if anything?”
Her voice was firm. “Nothing. It says nothing at all. Go back to your studies. Thank you for bringing this to our attention.” And with that, she strode away.
His eyes followed her departure. Perhaps another institution has the answers I seek, he thought.

* * * 

The M’zei presence in the great island-city of Pormaris was, in effect, a colony of one. The enigmatic mystics had similar establishments within the Commonwell and throughout the Exilic Lands. Possessed of insatiable curiosity by both nature and culture, they had the reputation of peerless empiricists whose residence in the far north predated by ages the almost millennium-ago Uulian arrival.
Their Intuids (as the M’zei sages were known) preferred to dwell among the Commonwell’s unpretentious lower classes rather than its sophisticated nobles and rich merchants. One such was now sitting on a discarded vegetable crate outside a makeshift shack of castoff boards, and recognizable by his knee-length embroidered blue tunic, wide straw hat, and long grey beard. The creases at the corners of his closed eyes revealed frequent laughter, and a faint smile graced his thick lips.
Prosatio Silban cleared his throat. “(‘your’ presence may enlighten ‘my’ eyes),” he said in the traditional greeting.
The Intuid raised his eyelids, revealing bottomless brown depths, and grinned. “(futures precede us),” he replied. “(‘you-now’ speak our language well. how do ‘you’ do so?)”
The cook bowed his head. “(‘i-then’ ‘was’ fortunate to inhabit ‘your’ city for ‘a’ ‘time’),” he said. “(‘you-all-then’ ‘were’ kind to ‘me.’ ‘i-now’ hope to ask of ‘your’ kindness ‘once’ more.)”
“(how so?)”
Prosatio Silban removed his notebook from his black canvas shoulder bag and opened to the page he had transcribed. He showed it to the Intuid, whose smile faded.
“(how did ‘you-now’ come by ‘this?’)” asked the savant.
“(‘it’ ‘was’ tucked into ‘a’ book),” the cook answered.
“(what book?)”
“(‘a’ collection of soup recipes. ‘is’ ‘this-here’ relevant to ‘that-there’?)”
The Intuid creased his brow before replying. “(perhaps. ‘the’ writing ‘is’ very ‘old,’ and from ‘a’ larger book. ‘it’ ‘is’ ‘a’ recipe for ‘tall-pork.’ do ‘you-now’ know ‘the’ term?)”
“(‘i-now’ do not. however, ‘i-now’ have no need of ‘more’ pork recipes.)”
“(‘you-now’ do not understand. ‘tall-pork’ means ... human flesh.)”
Prosatio Silban’s jaw dropped open. “You cannot be serious,” he said in surprised Uulian.
“Never not,” replied the Intuid in the same tongue.
“By Scofi! Who would cook or eat such things?”
The Intuid leaned in closer. “Xax,” he whispered.
Icy spider legs danced down the cook’s spine. I may have bitten off nothing I care to chew, he thought. But I must know more about this work – if but to satisfy my curiosity about its authors.

* * * 

Although the majority of visitors to the Archive of Gastronomic Artifice made use of it during daylight hours, parts of it remained open for nocturnal guests. One such section was the dusty, labyrinthine section fronted by a sign reading Obscure Research Library. Many of the Archive’s contents were available for offsite perusal, but while these rarer resources were accessible for public examination, they were only to remain within the building.
Now, although Prosatio Silban no longer wore the Sacreants’ Rainbow Robe, he remembered enough of the ceremonial formulae to make his life a bit easier and more interesting on occasion. He pulled from his shoulder bag his notebook and a ripe golden apple, and held one in each hand. Slowing his breath, he opened his well-thumbed notebook to the relevant copied page, closed his eyes, and began the following supplication:
“O holy and noble Toth Ar; Divine Scribe, All-Knower, Discloser of the Recondite, hear my plea and grant my boon. Aid my quest for historical knowledge and culinary wisdom. Guide this object” (here he raised the apple) “to reveal the subject” (and the notebook) “of my most humble and earnest pursuit, and I will make Your name great wherever and whenever I tell this tale. This I affirm.”
Prosatio Silban opened his eyes, drew back his arm, and let roll the apple straight into the maze of manuscript stacks. It reached an intersection and turned left, out of sight. He made a wordless exclamation and followed its path around the corner.
He didn’t expect to run into the Sacreant who had earlier stymied his curiosity. Yet there she was, holding his apple and standing before him with an enigmatic expression on her florid face.
 “You again,” she said. “Didn’t I tell you to leave things be? Now you’ll wish you had. Hand me that notebook.”
“No.”
“Such knowledge is not for you. What would you do with it?”
“I neither need nor want it for a practical purpose – may the All-Mother forbid! – but to satisfy my deep and abiding curiosity about this world and all things in it.”
“Some secrets are meant to be known only by those for whom they are needed. Now hand me that notebook!”
“I won’t!”
The Sacreant fixed him with an intense stare and raised the apple to her lips. “Then sleep now!” she barked, and blew on the apple. It dissolved into a red cloud of enveloping powder, and before Prosatio Silban could move aside, it entered his lungs. He reached out to the Sacreant and fell forward, eyes closing.

* * * 

The first thing Prosatio Silban realized was that he was lying supine on a cold hard surface. The second realization was that something nearby was burning; old wax, by the smell of it. The acrid smoke made his nose itch. He tried to scratch, found he couldn’t, then opened his eyes.
He was spread-bound by his wrists and ankles on the floor of a vault-roofed stone chamber. Surrounding him was a circle of lambent red candles. He raised his head and saw a blue chalk triangle between his legs; inside the triangle lay the scrap of parchment which had started this whole business.
At his feet, and outside the candle-circle, stood the Sacreant. She was no longer dressed in her prismatic robe of office, but was draped instead in a shapeless wrap of some rough black material. On its breast were three diagonal red slashes; the cook’s stomach knotted in fearful recognition.
“You are of the Xax,” he whispered.
She bowed, an evil rictus accenting her piercing eyes. “I serve the true gods of this world. Yours cannot save you now.”
Prosatio Silban lowered his head. What did he know, really know, about the Xax? Along with the nomadic Xao and arboreal Xai, they were alleged to be one of three tribes of the so-called “Antecedents” who inhabited the Exilic Lands even before the timeless M’zei. Unlike their semi-distant kin, however, they were allied with unspeakable evil.
And they were cannibals, who shared their abhorrent fare with the demons they worshipped. 
The cook cursed himself for not having tumbled to it earlier; he might instead have taken greater caution in his explorations. At least, he would like to have thought so.
“You are to be congratulated,” the woman was saying. “You will be the subject of a ritual of exchange – your soul and body for the book from which this scrap was torn.”
She closed her eyes and began to chant in a crisp, rapid monotone using words and cadences unfamiliar to the hapless Prosatio Silban. Louder then softer came the sounds, in a harsh, glottal tongue that he guessed was older than anything he knew. By degrees, the chant was being answered verse for verse and note for note from a source between his legs. An outline began to form in the chalk triangle; a tall, misshapen humanoid figure.
He tried to look away, but could not help his fascination. The outline became more distinct – three twisted arms raised over a lumpy head, and clutching something in long tapered claws. As the form became clearer, he saw it was holding a large book.
My father always told me that quitting the Sacreanthood would bring me to a bad end, the cook thought. But ... what is that other sound?
A third voice was matching the chants of the woman and the apparition, but weaving an ascending and descending counterpoint. The Xax-priestess changed her pitch. Was she frightened? Desperate? Her piercing eyes widened. She shook and thrashed about – shouting and sobbing at the top of her lungs – but could not drown out the invading third voice.
The figure between his legs began to flash in and out of visibility. The woman’s voice grew louder and more panicked. The tripartite sounds rose to a climax, and the specter blinked into solid existence. It dropped the book it was carrying, flailed its arms toward the now-screaming priestess, grabbed her in its claws, opened its distorted mouth, and, before Prosatio Silban’s astonished eyes, devoured her whole.
The invasive third voice was now all that could be heard over the monster’s enthusiastic and obscene chewing. All at once, the voice stopped. The three-armed Thing slid into the middle distance and winked out of sight.
Silence filled the chamber, broken only by Prosatio Silban’s labored breathing and the sound of impending footsteps.
It was the Intuid, approaching from the direction of his bound legs and brandishing a short knife. Before the dazed cook could ask what was what, the sage knelt down and sliced through the bonds at his ankles, did the same for his wrists, and helped him sit up.
“Thank you,” said Prosatio Silban, rubbing his chafed joints.
“Nothing is,” replied the Intuid. He picked up the book the Thing had dropped and proffered it to the cook.
“(would ‘you-now’ like to ‘have’ ‘a’ souvenir for ‘your’ troubles?)’ he asked.
Prosatio Silban hesitated, then shook his head. “No,” he said. “Many thanks for saving my life, but my curiosity is now satisfied. And I do not like to think of who – or what – might come looking for such a thing.”



Twice-Cooked Eggs
In which Our Hero makes the simplest of meals.


ONE OF THE NICER THINGS about traveling in a buopoth-drawn galleywagon down a winding dirt road is the slow pleasure of the unfolding scenery.
Prosatio Silban, as was his wont on such journeys, took it all in with wide eyes and heart. The gentle hills just west of epicurean Pormaris were thick with pungentine, juniper and other fragrant underbrush. Olive and bay trees spread their branches over ubiquitous fatberry bushes rich with maroon fruit, with here and there a tumbled limestone shrine or bluerock outcropping accenting the landscape like a three-dimensional punctuation mark. Now and then he could spy a furtive voonith near the undulating horizon, and musical birds in profusion cast their nets of song over the steady thump-thump-thump of his quaint lumbering dray-beast’s footsteps.
I should be at the inn at Baceous before sundown, thought the cook. A good meal that I won’t have to prepare, a bed to sleep in besides my galleywagon berth ... truly does it make a man glad to be alive.
Presently, a rude stone hut appeared, not far from the road. Outside sat a portly man with eyes closed and legs crossed on a woven reed mat, his face a study in serenity. Next to a low stump-table bearing ingredients and cooking gear, a small grill sent faint fingers of smoke into the early afternoon sky. Prosatio Silban drew back on the plaited yak-hair reins to halt his forward progress. “Greetings, friend,” he called.
The man opened his eyes and fastened them on the itinerant cook. He smiled, showing perfect teeth.
“Welcome, traveler,” the man said. “I am a monk of the order of Nyentei, Goddess of the Sojourner’s Refreshment. Pray dismount, that I may serve your needs.”
“Thank you,” the cook replied, stepping down from the driver’s bench. “But my needs are simple, and amply met by self-sufficiency.”
The monk beamed affection. “The inn at Baceous is still a long way off, but I can provide you with a meal that will obviate your having to prepare it.”
With an effort, Prosatio Silban kept his jaw from dropping. “How did you know?” he asked.
“I am an oracle by avocation. I take it business has been slow for you?”
“It could be better, but I have no complaints.”
“That is one of the secrets to placid living. Complaints disturb the soul, and not only one’s own.”
“True enough. May I ask what you are cooking?”
“You may. For the past several whiles, I have been in quest of the perfect fried egg, but it continues to elude me.” The monk indicated his grill, where a butter-slicked copper pan was in the process of heating.
“As you perhaps know, that is also a particular interest of mine,” said the cook. “Shall we share knowledge?” He squatted next to the monk, and extended his hand. “Prosatio Silban.”
“Gustabo Bru,” replied the monk, clasping the proffered palm. “We may also share a meal, should the Flickering Gods prove favorable.”
So saying, with a deft hand Gustabo Bru cracked two brown chicken-eggs on the pan’s rim and added them to the pan. They exuded a musical sizzle and nutty aroma. After a moment, the albumin turned opaque, then white, and the golden yolks began to firm up.
“Tending eggs is much like tending a life,” Gustabo Bru said. “It takes a light hand, patience, and a thorough knowledge and intuition of when to effect change.”
“How do you effect change?” asked Prosatio Silban. “In the matter at hand, I mean.”
“It can be difficult to choose between so many apt and pleasing methods,” said the monk. “I do, however, prefer to keep it simple and impressive.”
So saying, he lifted the pan from the fire and thrust it forward with a jerk. The eggs flew upward, flipped over in midair, and landed back in the pan. Ruptured yolk bled out from beneath the yellow and white mass, and Gustabo Bru tilted his head in sad acceptance.
“I have heard that ‘it is all in the wrist,’” he said. “I have also heard that ‘the perseverant will be well-rewarded.’ However, I do not know when that will be.”
Prosatio Silban thought for a moment. “Allow me,” he said.
The cook stood up and disappeared into his galleywagon, reemerging a moment later with a bamboo tray bearing (among other things) two large eggs, a shiny black skillet, and small cruse of light yellow oil. He poured a measure of the latter into the skillet, swirled it about, and set the skillet on the monk’s grill.
As the implement heated, filling the air with the green scent of olives, Prosatio Silban cracked the eggs on the stump’s surface and into a small bowl. He held his palm over the skillet for a moment, nodded, and slipped in the eggs with a quiet hiss.
“This is my favorite part of any cooking process,” the cook said. “I love nothing so much as watching raw ingredients transform into assimilable nourishment.”
“Truly do the Flickering Gods work wonders,” said the monk.
Prosatio Silban dipped a spoon into the skillet and ladled hot oil over the frying eggs, turning the edges into crisp brown lacework. “Sometimes, effecting change means adding a bit of embellishment,” he said.
When everything looked and smelled proper, the cook raised the skillet and slipped the eggs onto Gustabo Bru’s waiting plate. The monk took an experimental bite.
“Excellent!” he exclaimed. “How did you come by this technique?”
The cook bowed. “Necessity,” he said. “In truth, I was never very good either at flipping eggs with, or in, the skillet.”
Gustabo Bru laughed. “Perhaps the Perfect Fried Egg is in the palate of the taster?”
Prosatio Silban smiled. “What isn’t?”



Starving Survivor
In which Our Hero hears a disturbing and relevant tale.


A BUOPOTH IS A STRANGE beast: some say it is half-composed of dreams and phantasms, while others prefer not to speculate. But of the little that is known, one thing is certain: no matter what shape the beasts take, their eyes are the most soulful of any creature in all the Exilic Lands.
One of these eyes was fixed on Prosatio Silban as the cook approached with a pair of fatberry-cakes. “Buopoths can lumber all day on a fatberry-cake and a kind word” ran the proverb, and today had certainly proved it: a brisk sixteen-hour galleywagon-pull through the light-forested countryside north of cosmopolitan Soharis. They had halted in a small clearing under a circle of maiden-oaks; a fine evening, and a good place to camp. He fed his dray-beast, told it what a good buopoth it was, and made plans for his own dinner.
A small iron grill was soon ablaze near the foot of the galleywagon steps. Prosatio Silban preferred to cook and dine outside when wayfaring — travelers along the Reaching Road, the Uulian Commonwell’s riverside city-to-city thoroughfare, were not infrequent and he enjoyed the unpredictable company. The cook threaded bladegrass skewers with plump chunks of fidget-hen thigh and rolled them in a dark and musky red powder. These, a salad of foraged greens, and a glass or two of white duliac would suffice for his meal.
He was just placing the skewers across the grill when a low moan sounded behind him. A scrawny young man was crawling toward him; tall, his clothes in rags, his arms outspread in supplication. “Please ...?” he whispered, then collapsed.
The man awoke a few heartbeats later, his head cradled in one of Prosatio Silban’s hands and some duliac dribbled between his lips. He coughed. “Thank you,” he said.
Prosatio Silban smiled in sympathy. “I have food cooking,” he said. “Take your ease until it is finished.”
“I cannot! I can never take my ease! it would be my death!” The man tried to rise, but his body was not equal to the effort and he sank back to the ground, weeping.
The cook let the man’s sobs run their course, keeping a discreet eye on the skewers. At the appropriate point in time, he said, “I must save our dinner from catastrophe.”
The man looked up. “You are kind.”
“No, I am hungry. And I suspect you are also. Allow me to serve you.” He tended to the brazier, then unslung a table-and-chairs from beneath the galleywagon. He helped his guest rise and seat himself, then plated their meal.
Their appetites did justice to the grilled hen and salad, and Prosatio Silban was pouring both of them a second glass of duliac when the man spoke. “I must thank you for your kindness. Yet I feel it came too late to save me.”
“Why do you say that?” asked Prosatio Silban.
The man put his face in his hands and commenced his tale:
“It began with the wandering stranger. He said he had delights to show us, pretty delights that sang and danced. We were a village of laborers, simple folk of farm and field, and in the evenings we were often too tired to do more than pluck a few cherished after-dinner tunes on our lyres before sleeping. The stranger said evenings were for more than sleeping, and showed us ... the coil.
“It was about the size of my hand – a simple twist of something mirror-bright that sits in a cage. When you stroked it, even a little, it danced and shimmered for hours with a sparkling music like fairy zithers. How it danced and sang! Once we saw it, we were enchanted. The stranger smiled. He had coils for all, for a small price which he pocketed after installing one in the hands of every woman, child and man in my village. Then he departed, never to be seen again.
“But then, we weren’t looking for him. We had eyes only for the coil. Soon all we wanted to do was gaze at it, eyes agape, mouths slack, one hand stroking it now and again to keep it dancing and singing. And that was what I found one morning, having in my sleep kicked over my cage and broken the precious coil. My fellow villagers dying from starvation, their once-lush farms and fields in tatters, and I with only enough will to stagger away. And now I have nowhere to go but to die of heartsickness.”
Prosatio Silban grasped the man’s shoulder. “While that is true of all men in the aggregate, that may not be true for you in the moment,” he said. “Few things look as dire in the dawn as they do in the evening. Please — let me make you a bed in the shelter of my galleywagon. Tomorrow we shall address the situation together.”
But by morning, the poor soul was no more. As the cook cut wood for a funeral pyre, he marveled that even in the enlightened Uulian Commonwell, one could die from too much distraction.



Iron Dray-Beast
In which Our Hero races his buopoth’s reputation.


ALTHOUGH PROSATIO SILBAN’S COUNTRYMATES WERE wary of most types of magik – spells, conjurations, illusions, astral mucking-about – their phobia didn’t quite extend to items of convenience.
In general, amulets and talismans were tolerated throughout the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell, so long as they carried the sanction of the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods. Difficulty staying awake? Finger a token sacred to Stueten, God of Energetic Determination. At your wits’ end over that crying infant? Zzyzzyvor, Bringer of Restful Relief has a charm just for you. Plagued by the ennui of the jaded urbanite? A blessed figurine of Oliento, Goddess of Small Pleasures is what’s needed.
But woe betide any user of non-divine magik, save those whose thaumaturgic putterings produced anything the Uulians might call useful – such as the entire panoply of the modern Uulian kitchen: e.g., self-sharpening knives; heat- and cut-resistant gloves; food grinders, mashers, and mixers; coldboxes and other preservative devices; dish cleaners; portable waterspouts. These would be nonexistent were it not for the socially accepted products of alchemy, virtue-imbuing, and similar technologies.
To turn a profit, magikal contrivances needed to prove their worth. Such was the case with the Iron Dray-Beast, a single, manheight-tall wheel stuffed with flashing and spinning innards. Its function, according to its creator, Pecus Wro, was ... but let us hear him tell it. He was standing with arms akimbo atop an overturned ceramics-crate in the midst of stony-hearted Tirinbar’s crowded Makers’ Square, and declaiming in ringing tones:
“Come and see the glorious Iron Dray-Beast, the wonder of the age! Draws all day and never complains! Needs fatberry-oil replenishment but once a week! Drives itself with minimal instruction! Conquers hills! Plows straighter fields than mule or ox! And with the proper special attachments, it can pull anything from a plow to a cart, a carriage to ... to a galleywagon!”
This last, louder pitch was meant for Prosatio Silban, whose famous buopoth-drawn vehicle, with COOK FOR ANY PRICE emblazoned on both sides, was just entering the square. The beefy cook reined the quaint animal to a halt, stepped down from the driver’s bench, and approached Pecus Wro with a doubter’s smile.
“It’s a fine piece of equipment, to be sure,” he said. “But replace a living, breathing being with something made out of metal? Where is the soul? the loyalty? the companionship?”
“Ah, but there’s where you’re wrong,” the inventor said. “With the Iron Dray-Beast, you’ll have plenty of spare time for as much ‘companionship’” (here he made a suggestive leer) “as you could want.”
“Not for me, thank you,” Prosatio Silban said. “I wish you well with your present and future endeavors, but that ... thing could never replace my large and faithful friend here.” He turned to go, and Pecus Wro raised his voice a trifle, pricking up the ears of several bystanders.
“You are known as a man who can be moved not by eloquence but by demonstration,” he said. “Let us enter into a contest: your Onward versus my Iron Dray-Beast. Name your course and load, however difficult, and all will see that my invention’s ability more than matches your buopoth’s. Or do you lack faith in your animal?”
The bystanders jeered and shouted. “Let the machine race!” “The buopoth is as good as defeated!” “I’ll wager money on the outcome!” “As will I!” “And me!”
Prosatio Silban raised a placating hand. “Very well. I am not eager to prove you wrong, but as this has now become a public matter, let us meet here on the morrow to decide cases. Perhaps a race to and from a local landmark ...?”
“We should combine two elements into this contest,” replied Pecus Wro.  “A race would demonstrate speed, but plowing would prove endurance. Are you agreed to a double challenge?”
Before the cook could reply, an onlooker raised an angry objection. “I call ox-dung! His buopoth is a shapeshifter. That kind of wizardry is an unfair advantage.”
“A fair point,” said Prosatio Silban. “I will not allow Onward to change forms for the duration of the contest. But in turn, you must not use any of your creation’s ‘special attachments.’”
Pecus Wro frowned, then nodded. “Done,” he said with a broad smile. “I shall see you here tomorrow, at the uppermost sun. And then I shall see you defeated.”

* * * 

Came the morning, Makers’ Square, just inside grim-shadowed Tirinbar’s main gate, was the very picture of anticipatory bustle. Snack- and beverage-mongers hawked their comestible wares to the eager throng; here and there, spectators were setting odds and taking or making bets; at the crowd’s periphery, pickpockets plied their furtive craft. Partisans for Pecus Wro and Prosatio Silban each held painted signs displaying their allegiance – in the former’s camp were plowmen; street-cleaners; tax, patent and license officials; and fellow inventors. Rallying for the cook were harness makers, ox-handlers, muleskinners, farriers, ostlers, and feed merchants. Blacksmiths seemed divided between both contestants.
Prosatio Silban fed Onward its third fatberry-cake of the day, told it what a good buopoth it was, and patted what passed for one of the lumbering animal’s flanks. The creature replied to this kindness with a low rattling hoot. It had not taken definitive form yet, and its human partner had been mulling most of the preceding night just what to request of it. Both buopoth and its potential replacement were assigned equal burdens: as the galleywagon contained a variety of heavy cooking equipment, the Iron Dray-Beast would be hauling a four-wheeled cart filled with a matching weight of quarried native stone.
All that remained was for a retainer of one of Tirinbar’s nobility – of the First Heir Gorrid himself, no less – to drop an incense-scented red silk handkerchief from the top of a tall platform hard by the mountainside city’s main gate. Pecus Wro waved to the mixed multitude, drawing cheers from his faction and jeers from Prosatio Silban’s, before stepping up to the cart’s driver’s bench. The cook was likewise mounted on his galleywagon, clucking to Onward, who had taken the shape of a very large and handsome zebra.
The inventor smirked. “There’s still time to withdraw with your dignity intact,” he said.
“I carry my dignity lightly,” the cook replied. “Do not concern yourself on my account.”
First Heir Gorrid’s retainer, a slight man named Purgeto Yumar dressed in black-and-grey livery, raised his hand for silence. “We are witness today to a momentous competition,” he boomed, in a voice louder than his stature suggested. “Beast versus machine. Muscle versus steel. Human ingenuity against animal strength. The terms are clear: race to a distant hillside plot, plow it, then return here. No time limit. All of this while laden as you see them. Who will be the victor? Only the Flickering Gods themselves know. The victor will earn a heavy purse indeed.
“Challengers! Are you ready?”
“I am!” shouted Pecus Wro.
“We are,” said Prosatio Silban.
“Then let us commence!” Purgetto Yumar cried, and let go the handkerchief.
With a roar and a snort, and accompanied by tremendous applause, the two draft-contestants bent to their shared undertaking and set off through the city gate.
From the beginning, the Iron Dray-Beast was acquitting itself well. Although the single-wheeled contraption at first looked as though it might topple over, it instead made a straight and swift line toward the course-marker an hour’s walk distant. For Onward’s part, its zebra-shape was proving ably suited to the task at hand, matching its opponent footfall for wheel-turn.
Halfway to the marker, however, trouble manifested for the much-ballyhooed mechanism. As it pulled ahead of the buopoth, the Iron Dray-Beast made a sound as of copper coins dropped onto a flagstone floor, and ground to a halt. Pecus Wro wore the expression of someone who had just discovered rotting meat in his morning cup of yava.
“Shall I wait for you?” called Prosatio Silban.
“Not at all,” the inventor replied. “I will catch up – and then surpass you again.”
Nonetheless, the cook slowed Onward a touch while Pecus Wro saw to his wheel. With a clank and a rattle, the race was soon back on, and the Iron Dray-Beast began to gain on the galleywagon.
This time it was Onward who fumbled the course, having encountered an intransigent rock which caused it to miss a step and bellow in surprised discomfort. Prosatio Silban leaped down to see to his animal and the Iron Dray-Beast pulled ahead, with Pecus Wro chuckling in a display of poor sportsmanship.
“Don’t worry, my friend,” the cook told the ostensible zebra as he rubbed its affected leg. “The pain will pass. Feel better now?”
The buopoth hooted its affirmation, and Prosatio Silban remounted the driver’s bench.
At the course-marker, the Iron Dray-Beast was ahead by three cart-lengths as it turned left to climb a small but steep hill. It was doing so with difficulty – Pecus Wro having to swing wide to the right to enable the movement – and Onward closed the gap between them by one-and-a-half cart-lengths. The rival drivers could see the agreed-upon plow-field at the hill’s summit, but as Onward made the turn the galleywagon clipped the marker and slowed, dropping another half cart-length back.
“This is a contest of skill as well as of luck,” Pecus Wro cried over his shoulder. “And you seem to need both!”
“Wait until we reach the city gate before you say that,” Prosatio Silban replied, and clucked encouragement to his buopoth.
As if the cook had prophesied, the Iron Dray-Beast sank into the rise’s soft loam. The wheel spun almost in vain as the galleywagon came alongside; Pecus Wro jumped down and tinkered with the controls, rocking the wheel back and forth until it popped out of its self-created groove. But by that time, the galleywagon was two cart-lengths out front.
Thus they stayed until the rise leveled out. With a sturdy ox, the matched fields could be plowed to a shallow depth in almost three hours – meaning that, if all went well, cook and inventor would make it back to Tirinbar in time for a well-earned supper.
Prosatio Silban dismounted, unhooked Onward’s galleywagon-harness, and replaced it with one of the two waiting and specialized plows as the Iron Dray-Beast chugged into position beside him.
“Remember – no special attachments,” the cook told the inventor.
“I don’t need them,” Pecus Wro replied. “This plow will do nicely. Prepare yourself for awe.”
“I shall see you in the literal field of battle,” Prosatio Silban countered. He mounted the plow’s narrow seat and flicked the plaited yak-hair reins.
Onward managed to plow a good portion of the field while Pecus Wro worked out how to harness the Iron Dray-Beast. But once done, and the inventor had managed to steady his contraption in the uneven ground, it soon made up for lost time.
Prosatio Silban creased his brow with concern. That is, until the mechanical marvel emitted a sound like a cracked gong and heeled on its side.
“Do you require assistance?” asked the cook, still driving his buopoth.
“What I require are tools and space, and I have those in abundance,” replied Pecus Wro, reaching into the wheel’s complex hub and removing a small bag of implements. He made the necessary repairs and was back to plowing within minutes, but his opponent was still a good distance ahead of him.
As Prosatio Silban reached the end of the appointed task, the inventor still had a portion left to plow. Although the cook took his time re-harnessing his buopoth, he nonetheless started descending the hill before the Iron Dray-Beast. The sun was sliding down the sky when Prosatio Silban reached the course-marker. He turned right, this time swinging out enough to avoid his earlier mishap. But Pecus Wro used the downhill slope to his advantage, and rounded the marker with his creation breasting the galleywagon’s rear axles.
It was all over but for the last sprint. Already they could see the cheering crowd, which had spilled out of the city to greet the racers and root them to victory.
Now, it should be mentioned at this point that, though buopoths are generally blessed with a steely resolve, they do have one weakness – fatberries. The ubiquitous fruit was grown for its oil, which provided the Uulians with cheap, plentiful lamp- and stove-fuel. It was also fuel for the Iron Dray-Beast. But as Onward reached the site where that device had earlier broken down, not far from Tirinbar’s main gate, it couldn’t help but notice the fatberry-oil staining the ground. The beast sniffed, sniffed again, stopped, lowered its head, and began to lap at the fragrant puddle.
“Onward!” cried Prosatio Silban, flicking the reins. “Onward! No! Not now! Not yet!”
Pecus Wro laughed with derision as he passed the blissful buopoth. As the cook jumped down from the driver’s bench to reason with his animal, the inventor and his invention swept through the city gate.
Prosatio Silban sighed, then patted his happy dray-beast – no longer a zebra –behind one of its ears. “Don’t worry, Onward,” he said. “Drink your fill.”
They were still standing there as the crowd approached, making soft noises of disappointment and consolation. Behind them, come to gloat and revel, was Pecus Wro and his triumphant contrivance. The spectators ignored them both and milled about Onward, a few reaching out tentative hands.
“What a beauty,” said one man. 
“I’ve never seen a finer animal,” said another.
“Does he bite?” asked a young girl.
“He is very gentle,” said Prosatio Silban. “You may pet him if you like.”
The girl beamed at the touch of the buopoth’s sleek, velvety, and chatoyant pelt. “It’s too bad you lost, Master Cook,” she said. “You deserved to win.”
The cook locked eyes with the inventor, who was standing alone with his wheel and wearing a thwarted expression. “Not to worry, young miss,” Prosatio Silban said. “We did.”



Holy Trap
In which Our Hero tries to save an old colleague.


THERE IS A SAYING ABOUT the religious life: that it’s only for the broken in spirit, heart, and/or mind.
That was one reason why Prosatio Silban was a former Sacreant. In his brief stint as a servant of the Flickering Gods more than a quarter-century ago, he had seen much evidence for the old maxim. True, it did not describe everyone with a deep interest in divine matters, but it was accurate enough for many that it made him glad to have shifted careers and become a mercenary cook.
It is easier to comfort a hungry body than a hungry soul, he thought. And although one can do both, the former is often more profitable.
He was watching the human panoply play out before him in many-harbored Soharis’ second-largest victual market. The Uulian Commonwell’s southern port city was renowned for its shrewd traders and diverse population. Perusing and haggling at the adjacent drink- and produce-stalls, Commonwell citizens mixed with those of Azon, the island-nation where men and women met once a year to mate and decide matters of national import; diminutive, bark-skinned Pastori selecting ingredients for wealthy employers’ private banquets or their own simple suppers; Aydnzmir minstrels in variegated dress, humming their ceaseless soul-songs; and even one or two of the long-bearded, enigmatic Intuids, mystic sages from the far north pursuing an incessant and worldwide quest for knowledge.
Some of the best meals come from an exotic blend, Prosatio Silban reflected. Is it any wonder that I love this city?
But he was no mere spectator. His galleywagon was parked a-purpose hard by the market’s main gate, displaying a painted menu-board detailing more than two-dozen examples of well-prepared fare beneath the three-color legend: COOK FOR ANY PRICE. His visibility made him accessible to those in search of a capable caterer, but also to marketgoers too hungry to go home for a meal – or who had procured choice ingredients and needed an able hand to use them to best effect.
At that moment, a recognizable face broke through the bustling cloud of browsing passersby. A tall man of about Prosatio Silban’s age was shuffling from stall to stall, carrying a large but almost-empty basket. He was wrapped in the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant and darting fear-tinged glances here and there, selecting raw vegetables for which he paid – without haggling – in copper coins drawn from a seen-better-days embroidered pouch.
As he passed Prosatio Silban within arm’s length, seemingly heedless of his surroundings, the cook exclaimed.
“Casto Orlan! Is that you?”
The man slid unfocused eyes over the cook. “Oh. Sorry. Do I know you?”
“Indeed you do. Or rather, did. Prosatio Silban? We learned and served together as Sacreants at the Diamond Shrine in epicurean Pormaris?”
The man thought for a moment, then nodded in slow recognition.
“The Diamond Shrine. Of course. But that was ages ago. You’ve changed – thicker about the middle, I think.”
“Yes, well. That comes from years of sampling little bites of a good deal of food.”
“Oh,” Casto Orlan said with a distracted air. “What are you doing in Soharis?”
“I am a traveling cook. On occasion, my travels bring me here.”
“Oh. Does that mean you are still no longer a Sacreant?”
“That tale would take a deal of telling. Shall we trade histories at one of the local inns?”
Casto Orlan shook his head. “Can’t. Won’t. There are no gods in inns. They are not even in this market. And I must stay where They are. Where She is.”
Prosatio Silban took his friend by the shoulders and gazed into his anxious eyes. “Orlan. What are you talking about?”
“The world is full of demons, but I am safe so long as I stay within my studies and supplications. My sanctuary and patron goddess are enough for me. And I have no business with apostates. Now please – I must return to Her service.”
Casto Orlan slipped from the cook’s grasp and shuffled away. Another case of godsburn, Prosatio Silban thought. And an acute one at that.

* * * 

The Diamond Shrine’s candidates’ classroom was round and spacious, but not well-populated. Many hopeful young aspirants were admitted each year to Sacreantal training, but only a few could abide the intense discipline. Those who did were possessed of the greatest potential; they had to be, to become holy intermediaries.
Prosatio Silban had been placed by his father, a tenant farmer from an otherwise inconsequential village, who entertained high-standing hopes for his pre-adolescent son. It had been more than a year since the boy had seen his family, but he had scarce opportunities to miss them: the typical candidates’ schedule included rising before dawn; concentrated morning prayer; breakfast; theological study; lunch; liturgical study; supper; historical/text study; concentrated evening prayer; and last, lamps-out just after sundown. Interspersed with the study-periods was practical instruction on how to manage the religious lay-public in a variety of hypothetical and actual situations.
One of those closest to Prosatio Silban in age and ability was Casto Orlan, an orphan. Such unfortunates were familiar figures in the Shrine, given the Sacreantal emphases on righteous charity and collective duty. Not all remained with the institution – a good number were placed with adoptive parents, or ‘prenticed to nobles, merchants or tradesfolk – but those who did burned with the zeal of the grateful-for-everything.
Casto Orlan was one such. None but Prosatio Silban could match his recollection of each and every feature of the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods – from Aarein, Goddess of Humble Propriety, to Zzyzzyvor, Bringer of Restful Relief – and his devotions during communal prayer were likewise unrivaled. He was in every way a perfect scholar, if given to odd moments. For example, one morning, in a class addressing the topic of divine immanence:
“They are called the Flickering Gods for a reason,” said the teacher. “Like a candle-flame They dance: now visible, now obscured. Often They are downright hidden, but even then Their presence can be warming. Do not be one who gets too close.”
“Why? What happens?” Casto Orlan asked.
The teacher fixed him with a belittling look. “’What happens?’ When you get too close to a flame? This is common knowledge, boy. Don’t ask foolish questions.”
The other students laughed; the teacher signaled for silence, and they all filed out for lunch. All except for Prosatio Silban and Casto Orlan.
“I didn’t think it was a foolish question,” said the former. “After all, the gods are only like flame – but They’re not really flame. Still, I think I wouldn’t like to get too close anyway.”
“I would,” replied his friend, as if to himself. “I would do anything to be consumed by Their fire.”
This conversation had haunted Prosatio Silban through his subsequent years as student, Sacreant, and mercenary cook. He had never forgotten the look on Casto Orlan’s face when he said it – very like his abstracted expression when they met again in the Soharis market. He sighed as he stowed his gear for the evening; he secured the painted menu in its shelf beneath the galleywagon, fed his dray-beast, and pondered his next course of action.
The “sanctuary” was easy to find, and not far from the marketplace. It was a humble dockside building – half-timbered and slate-roofed, just large enough for a very intimate group of worshippers – with a whisky vendor on one side and a fatberry-oil shop on the other. The door was of stout oak, with a shuttered observer’s hole at head-height. Candlelight spilled through the translucent lozenge-paned window beside the door. Prosatio Silban tried the latch but found it locked. He knocked softly.
No response. He knocked again, a bit louder.
“Orlan! Orlan?” the cook called. “I know you are within – I can see your candle.”
The light winked out. “Go away,” came the voice behind the door.
“Orlan, you have considered me a renegade ever since I quit the Sacreanthood. You may be right. But it is important that you listen to me.”
Silence.
“By the All-Mother, Orlan! If you do not come out, I shall come in!”
After a pause, the observer’s hole opened to reveal an eye. “I have nothing to say to you,” Casto Orlan said. “And you have nothing to say that I want to hear.”
“Think back on our last day together,” Prosatio Silban replied. “Do you remember? We were young Sacreants attending to Pormaris’ waste-renewal system ...”

* * * 

The Diamond Shrine’s training program began with candidates’ admission at ten years of age. If they survived their initiation, they received a decade of rigorous and winnowing curriculum which led (they hoped) to investiture, following the distinctive all-over depilatory bath. Each god or goddess had Its place in Uulian society, and new graduates could work at a variety of positions as dictated by their teachers, abilities and patron deities: some worked in the law courts under Maklun, the Celestial Judge; others served in the healing-houses overseen by Galien, the All-Mother; or perhaps ministered to the soldiery in service to Valmasorn, Defender of the Way Home.
Although first in their class in terms of aptitude, through a combination of circumstances Prosatio Silban and Casto Orlan were last to be chosen for their ordained posts. Thus, their occupation was to make filthy lake- and river-water suitable for the use of Pormaris’ multitudes. This operation involved standing back-to-back twice a day, hip-deep in sludge, and chanting this supplication in unison:
“O Calman, God of Necessary Unpleasantness, and Porthunis, Overseer of the Still and the Roiling, hear our plea and grant our boon. You have favored us with pools and streams, seas and rivers, and all that sustains life. Please – cleanse this liquid gift that Your children of this island-city may maintain their good health and rise in Your service. We will tell of Your power and grace whenever and wherever we relate the tale of Your kindness. This we affirm.”
And with that, the soiled waters always cleared.
While Casto Orlan never tired of this routine, after a while Prosatio Silban longed for a change. “It’s not that Calman is unimportant in the scheme of things,” he told his colleague. “After all, everyone needs to drink and bathe! I just wish I could do something more ... well ... less odious.”
“You are missing the point, as usual,” Casto Orlan replied. “We have been given the opportunity to touch, and be touched by, a living god every day for the past two years. That is no trifle. It is a gift, and a deep one at that.”
His comrade nodded in reluctant agreement. “I know, I should count myself as among the gods’ fortunate servants. I suppose I am just tired of washing my robe every night.”
As the slow weeks unrolled for him in stenchy misery, however, the disgruntled Prosatio Silban continued to down-spiral from forced gratitude into genuine despair. At last came the day when he had had enough.
The pair shared cramped quarters near the spot where they worked their aqueous miracles. One morning, Casto Orlan awoke to find an inscribed wax-tablet on Prosatio Silban’s bunk, atop his clean and folded robe. It read, in part:
“It has been an honor and a privilege working with you, but I have converted my last measure of muck and am in quest of a new life. I do not yet know what that will be, but I pray that the Flickering Gods (especially Penteget, Goddess of Just Desperation) will light my path ...
“Our teachers warned us of the dangers of close association with our divine Masters and Mistresses. They warned such intimacy would burn us. What they failed to tell us was that our own flames might burn out through overfamiliarity. May you continue to serve and be served by Them in whatever life They deem for you.
“Your friend forever, Prosatio Silban.”

* * * 

The eye behind the observer’s hole closed, then opened again. “I remember that day,” Casto Orlan said. “But what do you know of sacred service? You rejected your gods!”
“No. I rejected their office. I still serve Them well – by serving Their creations. What do you do here? Your so-called god has taken you away from your societal duties.”
“That is Her choice and Her nature. Eimna, Goddess of Unrelenting Self-Regard, is the purest of deities. All She requires is constant and focused worship, and for that she rewards Her servitor with Her all-consuming and beneficent presence. I have never before felt a holier bond.”
“Your goddess has removed you from the normal and gods-given bond between all human beings. You must recall learning that some gods are not to be worshipped, but only contended with? Each has Its balance against another. And some are to be left alone.”
“But the Flickering Gods are kinder and more compatible with me than any human ever has been. You do not understand, and never will.” With that, Casto Orlan closed the shutter.
Prosatio Silban stood for a moment, considering his options. He could break down the door and seize his one-time companion, but although the street was empty at this time of night, the racket would be certain to draw Soharis’ roving constabulary. He could walk away and leave matters to their own devices, but it was not his nature to ignore a person in peril – even self-created peril. Or he could implore one of the other gods or goddesses for assistance. But he couldn’t be certain of the outcome; They had Their own agenda, and were not to be used as game-pieces or to navigate choppy interpersonal waters.
At least not by a self-defrocked Sacreant. Still, one could always try.
The cook bowed his head, closed his eyes, and began to intone in a soft voice: “O divine Balwia, Source of Unremitting Selflessness, Champion of the Excluded Other, hear my plea and grant my boon. Please – help me to help You help my friend Casto Orlan. He has fallen into the trap of Your opposite and cannot save himself. Please exert what goodwill I have stored with You, and I will relate Your kindness wherever and whenever I tell this tale. This I affirm.”
He opened his eyes and waited. But save for the plaintive sound of night-singing birds, nothing could be heard without or within; a single candle once again cast its light through the window of Casto Orlan’s sanctuary.
Prosatio Silban sighed and shook his head. He headed back to his galleywagon, thinking dark thoughts.

* * * 

When sleep is fitful, waking can be a blessing. Sometimes.
Prosatio Silban was roused from uneasy dreams by loud shouts and terrified screams. He leapt from his berth at the galleywagon’s rear and shrugged into a tunic and kneebreeches.
Outside, the street was thick with people in varied forms of night-dress. In the near distance, he could see flickering brightness set against midnight clouds. The cook allowed himself to be carried by the crowd’s surge; then he stopped, mouth agape, and stared.
A crew of Sacreants was just concluding chorused prayers before the smoldering remnants of Casto Orlan’s sanctuary. The fire had scorched the neighboring businesses as well, but the holy servitors had summoned a convenient downpour which managed to keep the other buildings intact. Some of their sacred number were searching through the ruins; one detached herself from the people-knot and waded back to the street.
“Did anyone survive?” Prosatio Silban asked him.
“We could find no body, or even remains,” the Sacreant told him. “If there was anyone inside, they must have escaped. However, to gain access, we had to batter down the only door – and that was locked from the inside. The fire started in the middle of the main room and spread to the bookcases. Perhaps an errant or unguarded candle? We’ll keep looking until we find the source.”
You won’t find anything, the cook thought. The Flickering Gods rarely leave traces of Their miracles, either good or bad, unless it’s to teach Their children a needed lesson. He wiped his eyes and sniffed at the smoky air before turning on his heel. But there’s nothing left to learn here.



Writing: An Amuse-Bouche


“THOSE MARKS ON YOUR CUTTING board look like the characters of an ancient language,” observed Prosatio Silban’s customer.
“They are, actually,” the cook explained. “The story they tell has been written by me almost every day for all my professional life, not in Uulian but in the older and more universal language of meat and green and root and knife. If you listen closely, you can hear a swallow echoing from every cut; often enjoyable, but always nourishing.”



Difficult Patron
In which Our Hero endures problematic attentions.


FROM THE INEXORABLE RULES OF mercantile interplay comes the inescapable principle: “There’s Always One.”
“With what may I please you?” Prosatio Silban asked the stoop-shouldered man sitting down at one of two tables-and-chairs in the lee of the cook’s galleywagon. The portable venue was assembled in one of cosmopolitan Soharis’ livelier marketplaces, and the milling morning crowd had promised – and delivered – a variety of hungry (and moneyed) clientele. Take the present customer: long in years, dapper of dress and mannerism, but wearing a face creased by a thousand petty disappointments.
“We shall see,” the man replied with a peremptory sniff. “I have just sat down, without enough time to examine your menu, when up you come asking for my custom!”
“My apologies,” said Prosatio Silban. “Please – examine it all you like. I will return to inquire after your pleasure.”
As the man squinted at the painted menu board topped by the three-color legend, COOK FOR ANY PRICE, said cook gathered up an armful of used dishes from the other table-and-chairs and made his slow laden way to the galleywagon steps.
“I am ready to order now,” said the man.
“One moment, if you please,” Prosatio Silban called over his shoulder. “I must –”
“But I wish to order now,” the man announced. “I am quite hungry, and will make the pay commensurate with your service.”
The cook sighed to himself – I could certainly use the coin, he thought – fixed a cordial smile on his face, set down the dishes, and came over. “With what may I please you?” he repeated.
“Let ... me ... see,” the man drawled, and paused for some heartbeats. “I can’t seem to choose between the garlic confit on wheat-toast or the pan-fried beef noodles. What are their respective advantages?”
“Both are strong-flavored, but the confit is somewhat lighter on the digestion,” Prosatio Silban explained. “And the noodles can be adjusted for your personal spice-palate. It all depends on what you prefer.”
“Honestly, I cannot decide,” said the man. “Bring me a sample of each.”
“Pardon me, but we would like to order lunch,” said one of a trio of expensively dressed young women. “Can you clear these dishes?”
“One moment, please,” the cook told them, and turned to the man. “Sir, I must make way for these others. I will return within seconds.”
“But I was here first!” the man cried with unexpected venom.
“I understand,” Prosatio Silban said. “But Soharis’ food-service laws are very precise in these matters. I promise – I will return in a trice.”
He reloaded his arms and scampered up the steps and inside. Setting the dishes in the sink, he selected two small ramekins, filled one with a small amount of pungent confit and the other with spicy noodles, grabbed two clean forks, placed everything on a bamboo tray, and emerged from the galleywagon.
“Here you are, sir,” the cook said, and set down the tray. “Please taste at your leisure, and I will take your order in a moment.” He turned to the women. “Now – with what may I please you?”
“This tray has a food-spot on it,” the man said. “I can’t eat from it.”
Prosatio Silban closed his eyes for a quick moment. “That is a natural flaw from the bamboo. It’s rustic.”
“It’s stained. How can you give me a stained tray? It’s not civilized!”
The women arose. “Perhaps we should return later,” one said.
“Please! I beg your favor – wait a short moment?”
“We could wait, but our hunger couldn’t,” said another. “I’m sorry.”
Prosatio Silban watched them go, his professional smile melting. He restored it in time to regard the stoop-shouldered man.
“Well?” the man said. “Will you replace this tray?”
The cook entertained thoughts of using the implement in a manner inconsistent with its design. “Of course, of course.”
“And the cups.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“You served these cups on a stained tray. How do I know they’re not stained as well?”
“Sir, I would not have stayed in business for a quarter-century by serving my patrons on dirty dishes.”
“Natheless. I have not seen you until this day. Take the cups away and bring me two more.”
Prosatio Silban bowed, scooped up the offending tray and its contents, and again retreated up the galleywagon steps. He flirted with serving the same ramekins and contents he had removed, then shook his head. No. I won’t give him the satisfaction of catching me out, he thought, and filled two more.
“Here you are, sir,” he told the man, presenting the cups. “Fresh from the stove.”
The man sniffed, piled a fork with noodles, and opened his lips to receive it. He chewed once, exclaimed, and began fanning his mouth. “Hot! Hot! Hot!” he cried, spitting the contents on the ground.
“Do you allow all your customers to so soil the surroundings?” came an authoritative alto. Prosatio Silban turned in the voice’s direction, and his heart dropped. A tall woman in the gold and blue-striped tabard of a Soharis marketplace-inspector stood before him, taking in the scene with practiced disapproval.
“Of course not!” said the cook, thinking, Please, Omriol, Dispenser of the Unexpected Benefit! Chase this persnickety patron away with an official sanction! “In any case, he was about to leave.”
“But I’ve just gotten here!” complained the stoop-shouldered man, and addressed the inspector. “He has rushed me to order, served food that’s too hot, on a soiled bamboo tray, and then let others place their orders before me! I have never been treated with such disrespect.”
The inspector measured Prosatio Silban with her eyes. “I know you,” she said. “’The Cook For Any Price,’ yes? You have never before given us any trouble. What happened?”
“It’s difficult to explain,” the cook said. “But he is telling one side of a tale that –” 
“Are you calling me a liar?” the man demanded, neck vein a-throb.
“Not as such. If I may say, sir, I have been, and am, more than happy to cater to your gastronomic pleasure. But you have chased away other paying customers, asserted yourself most impolitely, prevented me from maintaining my business in a fit manner and insisted on things that aren’t so. Do I look” – here he implored the inspector – “like someone who keeps an unclean kitchen?”
“Not as such,” said the inspector. “But I shall examine your premises to be certain.”
So saying, she ascended the galleywagon steps and noisily puttered about inside: lifting pot lids, opening the oven door, rummaging through pantry and coldbox, running water in the sink. She emerged, wiping her hands on her official shoulder-slung towel, and addressed the man.
“I see a rustic bamboo tray bearing two filled nut-cups, and a sink containing three dirty plates and attendant tableware – but not so many as to warrant penalty,” she said. “Everything else is clean and well-ordered. How did you come to have such exacting standards and such a forbidding disposition? You are making this poor fellow” – here she indicated Prosatio Silban – “miserable. And all he wants to do is serve you.”
“And so he shall,” the man said with a sudden warm smile. “I meant this honest vendor no disrespect, but I needed to test his cooking and under-fire tact.”
“I don’t understand ...?” asked Prosatio Silban.
“I am the Heir Second Phatab Mencus, whose ancient family oversees the lands to the northeast of this city,” the man said, standing erect. “My youngest daughter will be marrying within the month. Family and well-wishers will arrive from all over the Commonwell to honor that important day, and many of them have ... well, difficulty restraining their opinions. I have known Master Prosatio by repute only, and needed to discover for myself what sort of cook he is – and what sort of a man.”
“And?” asked the cook.
“I find you live up to your reputation: skilled, polite, unflappable. If you will forgive me, sir, and also allow me to compensate you for those women’s lost custom, I would ask you to provide the feast for my daughter’s happiest day.”
Prosatio Silban was nonplused. A moment ago, he had been eager to throw the Heir Second out of the marketplace. But now? He looked Phatab Mencus square in the eyes.
“I am honored that you have asked me to serve you on this most cheerful occasion,” he said. “But to be honest, I am not eager to subject myself to such abuse. Emotions run high at weddings, the more so as flows the sparkling wine, and I am not certain that I could remain as professional when the ill-treatment comes from more than one simultaneous source.”
The noble nodded. “I will pay you two weeks’ standard wage for three days’ engagement, plus a generous stipend should the social environment not meet with your strict approval,” he said, extending a hand. “And there will be a lock on the kitchen door – from the inside.”
Prosatio Silban thought for a moment. “Make it two locks,” he said, taking the proffered palm with a smile. “After all, we want the day to be happy for everyone.”



Saucemaker’s Tale
In which Our Hero ponders a divine mystery.


A JASMINE-SCENTED NIGHT BREEZE carried the distant buzz of an enthusiastic if off-key hurdy-gurdy through the open half-door of Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon, ending and re-beginning amid quiet applause and children’s laughter.
The bark-skinned man – a Pastori saucemaker by trade who, like the rest of his curious people, bore no formal name within his community and only a vocational one among outsiders – put down his fork with a happy sigh. “Delicious as always, my friend. And many thanks. My people know how to cook, but yours can elevate food to the level of worship.”
Both laughed at the old joke, and Prosatio Silban pushed back his folding stool with a soft creak. His guest was built much like he was, though a head shorter, a touch more slender, and with skin the color and texture of chestnut shells. His deep golden eyes seemed to absorb anything which entered them, including another’s gaze; they watched with amusement as the cook cleared the table into a sink already containing evidence of their dinner’s preparation.
“It occurs to me that I have never, in a dozen years, seen you wash so much as a spatula,” the Pastori said.
“Nor will you,” Prosatio Silban said. “It is not seemly for an esteemed cook to be seen with his hands in the dishpan; after all, some trade-secrets must remain exclusive to the trade. But that is another tale, and not one that I wish to bring to our occasional visits. Please allow me instead to further enhance our evening.”
He placed two white earthenware mugs on the red tablecloth. “Something I acquired last week, from yet another Soharis trader anxious to sell me the next great culinary wonder,” he said. “This time, I do not believe it to be overstatement.”
The cook opened the pantry and took out a leather-covered box which he placed on the table. Beneath the lid were a number of dark brown, thumb-sized nuggets whose aroma tickled the nostrils with a rich come-hither sweetness. The saucemaker grunted, his mouth watering, and Prosatio Silban shook his head with a smile.
“My mercantile acquaintance said it came from the rainforest near abhorrent Khum, where it is refined by the indigenes from tree-clinging pods which they also use as currency,” the cook said. “He translated its name as ‘bitterwax.’ Well-prepared, its name more than belies its flavor.”
“And what is that preparation?” asked the Pastori.
“Attend, and I shall demonstrate,” said Prosatio Silban. He rooted through the pantry, placing various containers on the preparation-counter, then retrieved from the cluttered hanging rack overhead a saucepan which he set on the fatberry-oil stove.
The small umber man watched with interest as the cook placed two of the russet nuggets into the saucepan, covered them with water, then added a large measure of sweetreed-sugar. Next, he broke a scant pinch of cardamom pods into a mortar, and ground the seeds fine before sprinkling them into the mix. He lit the burner, stirred the saucepan’s contents with a wooden spatula, and turned to his guest.
“When it comes to the boil, we reduce the flame to a simmer, stirring often until the concoction is as velvety as a lover’s promise,” the cook said. “Unlike the lover, this takes about a quarter-hour.”
“Excellent,” said the Pastori. “To pass the time, allow me to entertain us both with a tale from my people’s past – one which, as a former servant of your gods, you may find interesting, and I hope not distracting from your task.”
“If I may let one ear listen until the pot’s boiling,” Prosatio Silban said, “the other shall be yours for the duration.”
“With pleasure,” said the saucemaker, and began:
“We Pastori have not always carried the reputation for steadfast tranquility by which other nations proverbially measure their own. True, we have always been a simple folk, but at the time my tale is set – many generations gone – serenity was a rare quality among us. Our chief interest lay in fathoming and conforming to the whims of our gods, for we were hedged on all sides by the thorny maze of religious fear. Now we live in peace; our gods to Their pastimes, and we to ours. What I will tell you is how that happy balance came about.
“Such was our trepidation that no man would venture past his door without first consulting knucklebones, barley-stalks, coins or aught else which might shed light on the day’s future fortunes or failures. No mother would dress herself or her children without a battery of amulets or significant knots; no farmer would cast a single seed without adding a breathless entreaty against unknown catastrophe. We were expert in the use of such gestures and verbal formulae as might let us speak of misfortune without invoking it, and you may well wonder that our endless litanies of avoidance left us either time or space for actual living.
“Our chief holy day has always been Autumn Eve, and in those days, that festival’s ritual highlight was the broaching of a cask of special-brewed ale. We used to foretell the coming year by the appearance and flavor of this so-called First Cask, believing it to express in some measure our people’s will and spirit – bearing the community’s collective handprint through our contributions of plowing, sowing, tending, and water-drawing, and by the slow magic of mash and malt, wort and ferment.
“While that magic is known to many both within and without our realm, its prophetic variant was the sole provenance of our ale-priestess: one devoted to our people’s spiritual welfare, whose skills had been passed from mother to eldest daughter since first we settled this land. Not only did the ale-priestess collect the first grains and hops from each family’s holding, but she also captured their less-tangible qualities – had happiness or distraction ruled the household? Had there been plenty, or want? If the latter, what was needed for repair? The ale-priestess, wrapped in a deep-hooded and all-concealing white flaxen robe, conveyed each ingredient to a large vat in a lonely and windowless brew-house not far from the village. The month preceding Autumn Eve would find her sequestered behind the barred and locked brew-house door, whispering and singing into the nascent brew her people’s needs and desires, and infusing it with her own personal and protective essence.”
Prosatio Silban raised an interrupting hand, indicating the light foam which had begun to top the saucepan. He turned down the flame, stirred, tasted, and nodded.
“The particular year of which I speak had been a bleak one, despite having been forecast with a sweet brew following a year of exceptional plenty,” his guest continued. “But that year, Death played among us like a bored child with a sharp stick. None were untouched by sadness – if locusts spared one family’s crop, their cattle fell prey to wolves or wasting sickness. Children died either in the womb or shortly out of it. As our former sweet life turned more bitter by the day, our prayers grew more frantic. Only the ale-priestess seemed undismayed, and she continued her rounds with endless patience and equanimity.
“Those two qualities had long been held by our ale-priestesses in abundance, but this particular woman was an exception among exceptions, and had displayed since her youth a demure and unalloyed happiness. Though hard-tested by our communal catastrophes, she somehow found needed strength with which to withstand them; and though none could see the warmth which no doubt lit her eyes, the voice from within the shadowed hood was always gentle. To each soul marred by misfortune she would say, ‘T’is the bitterest ale which refreshes the best,’ in a tone like a mother’s bedtime kiss.
When the time came, our entire village accompanied her to the brew-house. Stepping through the door, she bade those assembled be at peace, repeating her proverb – ‘T’is the bitterest ale which refreshes the best’ – and urging us with quiet but firmness not to abandon all hope. The door was shut and its locking-bar slid into place, and the people drifted homeward, comforted by the soft singing that wafted from within.
“Without the ale-priestess’ constant consolations, our people’s troubles seemed even more insupportable, and the brewing-month crawled through pain and sorrow until the morning of Autumn Eve. Though seeming either a hollow formality or a cruel mockery, the annual preparations commenced and, with brows wreathed in garlands and worry, the people assembled at sunset in the village square. Festival torches were lit and, while the crowd waited in expectant quiet, an honor-guard of sturdy farmers set out for the brew-house to retrieve the ale-priestess and roll her casked handiwork into the square.
“They knocked on the brew-house door, but received no answer. Fearing the worst, they unbarred the entrance and pulled it open. Inside, a single flickering candle revealed a shocking tableau: the ale-priestess, dead and clad in a wheaten frock, held the First Cask in rigid embrace; her lifeless hands clutching hammer and tap, her pallid face illuminated by a gentle smile.
“The farmers gaped in numb silence. How and when had the priestess met her end? Who would now perform the ritual augury? And – how to explain the situation to those waiting in the village square?
“A brief discussion led to an agreed-upon solution. The Autumn Eve ritual called for the chief of that year’s honor guard to drive home the tap with three firm strokes. The ale-priestess would catch the first gush in a crystal chalice, appraise it by torchlight, sip, and pronounce the augury before sharing out the remainder with the assembled people. She would remain hidden within her hooded and all-concealing robe while the cask was tapped and the omen proclaimed ...
“Thus, the slenderest and highest-voiced of the farmers donned the ale-priestess’ robe while the remaining honor guard commenced the First Cask’s long roll toward and through the village to the center of the square. The mock-priestess walked behind, mimicking the missing official’s gait as best he could. The cask was rolled into place atop a dais of oak trimmed with mistletoe garlands, and stood up on one end. Three hollow thuds of the hammer, like earth-clods on a coffin-top, and the cask was broached. The tap turned, and a thick dark liquid oozed into the crystal chalice.
“The honor guard exchanged glances. The mock-priestess raised the chalice next to a proffered torch, but could see no hint of flame through its dark contents. He raised the tankard to his quivering lips, took a sip, swallowed – and revealed the deception with a masculine, retching cough.
“Chaos ensued, but when the angry crowd had settled somewhat, the doughty tapster confessed the pretense and pleaded for understanding. ‘Our light of hope has gone out, and at the hour when we most need her,’ he said. ‘Let us drink, and perhaps we can touch her in spirit.’
“The tapster’s argument could not with ease be gainsaid. Knowing naught else to do, and determined to preserve what of the festival they could, the villagers filed silently past the First Cask to receive the black brew in whatever container they had brought. When all had filled, from the youngest child to the oldest grandmother, each raised their portion, mumbled an ancient benediction, and drained their vessels as one.
“The gagging was terrific, but not so much as the fear which descended minutes later when the mock-priestess crumpled into a motionless heap. Soon, the villagers began to feel an icy sleep creep into their bones; stumbling, sobbing, they sprawled in street and square, crawling into each other’s ebbing embrace. Wailing filled the village, dying into eventual and chill silence.
“The morning mist rose with the sun, and unveiled a curious scene: all lay prostrate as the night had left them, but each face wore a gentle smile! The mock-priestess’ eyes were the first to open, and the first sound in his ears was one not heard for a year.
Laughter. His own.
But not his alone for long – soon, each waking soul stretched, looked around, and joined in the general mirth. No mere giggles, nor yet the polite tittering of the socially amused, but the full-throated roar of one who partakes of the cosmic joke which Death plays upon Life and, in accepting it, can laugh alongside and unafraid. Arms were joined, backs were slapped, and someone suggested a communal breakfast.
“‘The bitterest ale refreshes the best,’ the ale-priestess had said; and her words contained a truth beyond anyone’s guessing. For the delight my people found that Autumn Morning did not subside, but was imparted to the children who were born thereafter, and they to theirs, and so to the present days.
“And in that delight, we also found a sort of immortality which we once hoped to achieve after death. For what is immortality, but the wordless knowledge of who and where you are?”
Prosatio Silban had been stirring the pot throughout his guest’s narration. The saucemaker’s tale had troubled him; he felt a bit abashed on behalf of his own people, so committed to chasing their endless and self-created fashions. Compared to the serene Pastori sitting at the folding table, the cook’s folk and their shallow pursuits seemed as transient and insubstantial as yestereve’s dinner-fire.
But as the tale ended, he noticed the cardamom-husks littering the preparation-counter. His thoughts turned to the small and exact culinary pleasures which had flowed through his patient hands over the years, and whose essences had become part of his own.
Something about this made him smile. He looked at the pot, where a velvety sheen now rippled on the surface of the rich brown liquor, and his smile deepened.
Wrapping a thick towel around the pot-handle, in one fluid motion Prosatio Silban lifted the vessel from the stove and poured an unerring mahogany arc into his guest’s mug.
The saucemaker laughed, lifted to his lips the brimming cup, and inhaled the musky vapor. He blew softly, took a cautious sip, then sighed.
“Oh,” he said. “That’s good.”



Refectional Research
In which Our Hero sweats a culinary deadline.


THERE ARE ONLY SO MANY variations that can be dictated by a food’s texture and flavor, but Prosatio Silban was determined to find a new one.
It was sultry in the beefy cook’s galleywagon, but not from the season. In point of fact, he had going all six of his fatberry-oil cookstove’s burners, as well as the oven below. He was poaching, pan-frying, simmering, toasting, sautéing, boiling, and confiting his simultaneous way through experimental iterations of an in-common culinary theme. And he was doing it for Sir Rando Stefh, a wealthy Soharis arts-patron who had hired him to create a new and unique gastronomic triumph by that evening.
On the adjacent preparation-counter and every other flat surface were gingerly perched ingredients that would baffle and befuddle a lesser cook: ceramic jars of sweet and savory spices; buckwheat, durum and blue-rice noodles; tins of fish and of preserved breeder-clams; minced lizard breast; a small pile of peeled green and crimson garlic; dark glass bottles of house-made broths and stocks; a painted pot of rose-honey; various vegetable and fruit concentrates; finger-sized crystals of sugar-jade; and (rarest of all) a precious vial of purple saffron. Each and all were being put to the combinatory test by Prosatio Silban’s agile mind, professional skill, and quiet desperation.
He was pushing the limits of both craft and cookstove, but he was also in the seventh hour of his frantic labors and had nothing to show but an overtopped garbage barrel and a sink full of used cookware.
Just then the poaching and boiling pots bubbled over their rims, dousing their respective burners, and as if on cue, the frying-pan’s fat ignited and sent flames leaping up among the ceiling-hung utensils, meats, cheeses, and herb-bunches. Prosatio Silban had been half-expecting this turn of events; he grabbed the sand-bucket kept handy for just such situations and dumped handsful here and there. The fire was soon extinguished, but the stovetop now looked like a child’s beach-castle after a greedy tide’s arrival.
The Cook For Any Price exhaled a deep sigh. Ruined. All ruined, he thought. I never should have taken up Sir Rando’s challenge. O Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation – how and why have I failed You? He sat down on a folding chair, put his head in his hands, and contemplated weeping.
His gloom was dispelled by an unexpected memory – a saying common among the M’zei sage-mystics of the far north: “When in doubt, go and see what the people are doing.” The M’zei meant it as a principle of legal precedence, but Prosatio Silban applied the proverb to his current circumstance.
It is said of cosmopolitan Soharis’ South Market that, given sufficient coin, anything could be procured there – and if it couldn’t, that thing must not exist. But Prosatio Silban’s quest was strictly for prepared fare. As the many-harbored city was his favorite of the Uulian Commonwell’s settlements, he was well-known by a majority of the food vendors. However, he was also single-minded of purpose, and gave only automatic replies to the hails and how-are-yous of his professional acquaintances.
He perused the copious snack-stalls and browsed the varied offerings of itinerant refreshment-pedlars, keeping an open eye and mind as he wandered through the crowded makeshift lanes. A tangle of aromas arose from sizzling grills and portable smokers to tease his nostrils, and he considered in turn orange-glazed sausages, puffed and cobbed maize, candied rock-lizard, long skewers of meats and fish, noodle stews, wrapped lamb chunks, fried chickpea fritters, mysteriously filled dumplings, broiled cheese, jumja sticks, and assorted nuts. But nothing filled him with the hoped-for inspiration, and his despondency returned.
And then, the solution struck – with enough cook’s certitude to make him grab a nearby shade-post. Of course! he thought. A cup of this, a handful of that, a pinch of the other ... how did I not see this before? Stifling a victory cry, he beat a fast path back to his galleywagon.

* * * 

Sir Rando Stefh deposited a laden forkful inside his open lips and chewed, closing his eyes in epicurean rapture. “A noble triumph indeed!” he enthused. “I have never tasted its like.”
Prosatio Silban’s expectant expression melted into a relieved smile. Thank you, Scofi! he thought. Aloud, he said, “I am honored by your delight, Sir Rando. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you.”
“Tell me,” his client asked. “How did you devise such a wonderful dish?”
The mercenary cook bowed. “Some secrets,” he said, “are better left unrevealed.”



Sovereign Cure
In which Our Hero cooks up a needful remedy.


THEY SAY THAT THE CURE is sometimes worse than the disease. But to Prosatio Silban’s way of thinking, that just meant it must be the wrong cure.
The Cook For Any Price was driving his galleywagon along the dusty main street of what seemed to be a deserted village. He had been there before, though long enough ago that he had forgotten its name. However, he did remember the laughter of its playing children, the music of its talented songmakers, and the burble of its gushing stream. It had then been a little but lively hamlet of near to three hundred happy souls. But now, all that greeted him were the deep croaking of creekside bullfrogs and the dismal drone of hidden watch-crickets. A pennant of smoke hung in the distance, the view of its source blocked by the intervening buildings.
His “Hallo! Hallo?” going unanswered, he reined his dray-beast to a halt in front of one of many rickety, thatched hovels, and stepped down from the driver’s bench. I don’t recall this village being so shabby, he thought as he approached the low and open doorway. Why – how? – did the residents let it come to this?
He was about to knock on the cracked doorpost, when a female voice cried weakly from within. “Begone! Begone, if you fear for your life!”
Prosatio Silban peered inside, but could distinguish nothing but shadowed gloom. “Are you alright?” he asked. “Do you need assistance?”
“There is no help that you can offer,” came a hoarse voice from behind him.
The cook turned. Half a dozen face-kerchiefed men and women were carrying a long, shrouded bundle, three to each side. Two others bore reed-baled firewood on their stooped shoulders. They were lean, dressed in tatters, and pallid of complexion.
“Why not?” he asked the man who had spoken to him. “What is wrong here?”
“It is not a question of ‘What is wrong?’ so much as ‘Why is it not right?’” the man replied in mournful tones. “It has been long since the sound of laughter echoed in these streets. Since the Wasting Despondency began its sluggish shamble among us, we have been reduced to what you see before you.”
“What is this ‘Wasting Despondency?’” asked Prosatio Silban.
“Its chief manifestation is a severe fever with attendant pains, unnatural pallor, and a general malaise of spirit and body. The sickness is passed along by breath and touch, with rapid contagion and consequent melancholy, and always ending in death.”
“How long has this been your lot? And how did it begin?”
“Time’s slow dance has ceased to mean anything to us. But we were not so afflicted last year at this time. As for its origin, none can say; just that the first who fell did so a fortnight after showing its first signs. Others have lived a bit longer, but with the same eventual result.”
“Truly, yours is a tale of woe. There must be a way I can help you?”
“By departing. Warn others away from our village, and leave us to our fate before you too succumb.”
The cook was speechless. He had never encountered the like, but by all that was decent he could not relinquish a chance to offer needful aid and comfort.
“I shall stay and succor you,” he said. “And if Angrim the All-Limiter seeks to take me for it, I will at least die as I have lived.”

* * * 

The first thing Prosatio Silban requested was a store of ingredients and a cauldron to cook them in. But not just any cauldron.
“An heroic vessel for an heroic stew,” he said. “If we are to do this thing, everything needs to be of epic proportion. We need everyone’s contribution, or the culinary magik will not work.”
“We do not have such implements,” replied the man with whom he had first spoken: Foliolio Tazor, the village’s informal mayor. “We each cook for ourselves, and our pots and huts are not up to accomplish what you are proposing.”
“That may be part of your difficulty,” said Prosatio Silban. “Have you a blacksmith?”
“There is Potier Axam, but he is one of the afflicted. Still, I think he could be persuaded; his chief occupation at the moment is lugubrious sighing, and methinks he would welcome the distraction. His forge is ample enough, but we have no iron or bronze with which to build such a vessel.”
“You may well be surprised. We will need your unused and unusable ironwork, all of it: old pots and skillets, spare utensils, bent swords, dull plowshares, obsolete tools. See that they are conveyed to the blacksmith. Now, as for what to cook in it ...”
“But what good will any of this do? We will all die, all of us!”
“‘While life yet exists, the possibilities are endless,’” Prosatio Silban quoted. “And before your inevitable demise, surely everyone can spare a potato or two. A handful of greens. Some fish or crawdads from your creek or pond. An errant sheep or goat, either tame or wild ...”
In such a close-knit and death-diminished community, word quickly spread about “the mad stranger’s undertaking.” But while many acquiesced to his wishes, a few held out; they preferred to keep for themselves what little food they had and wait alone for their end. To these, Prosatio Silban was gentle but insistent, repeating what had become his axiom: “Everyone must contribute, or the magik will not work.”
That was the case with Berrando Firor, who, at eighty-five years, was the village’s longest-lived and most obdurate inhabitant. “Never heard of such a thing,” he told Prosatio Silban. “Won’t work. Get out of my soup and let a person die in peace.”
“But Master Berrando, what have you to lose?” persisted the cook. “If you will die anyway, wouldn’t it be better to die among friends and in the comfort of helping a noble cause? What else have you done in your life that could be more heroic than donating a handful of flour and a few carrots?”
It was a cogent argument, but – “Won’t work,” the old man repeated, closing his door to the astonished Prosatio Silban.
He had better luck with the blacksmith. Potier Axam received the proposal with near-gusto, given his decrepitude.
“At last,” he said, rising from his bed with a cough. “Something to do. More worthy than all this sitting around, waiting for the hammer’s final fall. What exactly do you need from me?”

* * * 

The hardest part, Prosatio Silban thought, was creating the cauldron’s mold.
The blacksmith, the cook, the blacksmith’s apprentice and five curious and still-sturdy villagers were standing in a vacant field adjacent to the village, not used for much other than carryball matches and occasional archery practice. The rounding-up of ingredients was yet to begin, but there was nothing to cook them in – yet.
 “I have everything I need for the cauldron,” Potier Axam told the party. “Thanks to our neighbors’ generosity, the iron itself was easy to acquire. I also have a good quantity of the other requisite metals and supplementary elements. But casting the cauldron? I have no form near large enough. So we will make one, and that will require hard digging on our part. Let’s get to it, lads!” He raised a pick high over his head and brought it down into the earth with a mighty effort.
The others joined in with weak but sincere enthusiasm. Soon, the ground was marked with an excavated circle two cubits deep and about a man-height in diameter. “This should be wide enough,” said the smith. “Let us now clear what we’ve dug.”
“Let us first seek divine beneficence,” said Prosatio Silban, and they all bowed their heads.
“O Galien, the All-Mother and Bringer of Life,” intoned the cook. “Ghu, Lord of Applied Creativity; and Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt; hear our plea and grant our boon. May You lighten our undertaking and its object as we seek to continue serving You, in health and happiness and purpose. Help us help You to manifest in this world, and we will publish this tale whenever Your names are mentioned. This we affirm.”
“This we affirm,” echoed the gathered workers, and began clearing the circle.

* * * 

As the cauldron neared completion, the neighboring space became a catch-all for an enormous pile of modest ingredients: colorful roots and tubers; alliums both sweet and pungent; leafy greens; beans of every variety; five kinds of tomatoes; rich-smelling sausages, hams and other cured meats; and most of the village’s stock of salt.
“As a wise man once said, ‘Nothing makes something taste more like itself than salt,’” Prosatio Silban told the assembled villagers. “You have done well. It’s unfortunate that we still had a holdout, but ...”
“Wait,” croaked Berrando Firor, hobbling under the weight of a sack of carrots and onions and another containing the ample remains of his flour hoard. “Won’t need ‘em when I’m dead,” he said with a crooked grimace. “Besides, who ever heard of a stew without dumplings?”
The cook smiled back. “Now the magik can begin to work,” he said.

* * * 

When making a stew, the first important part is searing the meat to maintain its juiciness throughout the long cooking process. One happy byproduct of this procedure is an aroma that sets the mouth to watering.
The massive, newly minted cauldron, decorated with votive images of Galien, Ghu and Bohoran, was suspended by an immense wood-and-metal frame over a great pile of smoldering coals. Nearby was a large butcher’s block where the cook was engaged in chopping and other necessary preparation. Between these two was a three-step wooden platform enabling Prosatio Silban’s easy access to the vast cookpot. From time to time he would ascend, add what was needed, and give the thick wet mass a stir with a large wooden paddle. It wasn’t long before the curious villagers were drawn from their homes by the fetching fragrance.
“What are you using for broth?” asked one. “Stock? Blood? Wine?”
“Pure water from your creek,” Prosatio Silban replied. “That plus the sautéing meat and aromatics will be all we need for flavor, as well as a generous measure of spices and herbs.”
“Why not add a keg of ale or stout?” offered another. “Livens up my own cooking.”
“I grant that it would make for an excellent savor,” said the cook. “But remember: this is meant to be revivifying, not soporific.”
“When will it be ready?” inquired a third.
“When it is cooked – and not a heartbeat before,” said Prosatio Silban with a mischievous grin.

* * * 

“Before we eat,” Foliolio Tazor told the villagers, “let us thank the Flickering Gods for what they have given us.”
The villagers – all of them – were assembled in the cleared field by the cauldron, many sitting on blankets or cushions, others on what nature had given them. Everyone had what to eat on and with: a plate or bowl in wood, copper, or clay, and a fork or spoon likewise. All bowed their heads as Foliolio Tazor spoke for some minutes.
“... And to conclude, we thank You all for sending this cook, Your holy servant, in our time of need,” he said, and looked up with a wan smile. “Eat well and become well, friends.”
“This we affirm,” chorused the assembly.
“We’ll see,” muttered Berrando Firor.
For a long moment, all that could be heard was the clinking of utensils on serving-vessels and the homey sounds of appreciative chewing. Then: “Mmmm.” “Tasty!” Well done, Master Cook.” “Thank you.” “Yes, thank you!”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “It is a pleasure to serve,” he said. “Thank you for all your contributions.”
There are quiet lulls of conversation that occur wherever good folk are gathered, and this feast was no exception. As bellies began to fill and spirits to rise, that shared tranquility was interrupted by quiet murmurs; then animated talk; finished with robust exchanges punctuated by loud mirth.
One of the villagers raised her head, looking about with a quizzical expression. “It occurs to me,” she said, “that it has been too long since we did this, if we ever did. Ate together as a community, I mean.”
“You’re right,” a man replied. “And do you know what? It feels ... good.”
“Better than good,” the woman countered. “It feels healthy.”
Others joined in, voicing their surprised concurrence: “Look! Saro’s getting her color back!” “My bone-aches have vanished!” “I have an appetite for the first time in forever!” “I feel I could outwrestle a voonith!” Some offered other sentiments: “Look at this awful place.” “It needs fixing-up.” “Yes – we need to make it look like real people live here.” The villagers were laughing, crying, backslapping, embracing, raising grateful hands heavenward in relieved supplication.
Foliolio Tazor looked at Prosatio Silban with renewed eyes. “Master Cook! What means this speedy cure? What miracle have you wrought?”
“It was not me, and it was no miracle,” replied the Cook For Any Price. “Anything shared could have served as well – communal song, or dance, or anything else – so long as it united you, got you out of your hovels into the sunlight, and knit you again to each other. Folk are not meant to endure elongated and ceaseless suffering by themselves; they can even die from it. Your plague was a plague of the heart. And you knew this secret all along; all you needed was reminding.”
“You have given us new life. How can we repay you?”
The cook smiled broadly. “You already have. But if you wish to pay me further, please – don’t again forget this secret.”



TED Talk
In which Our Hero holds forth before a collegial crowd.


IT WAS A GREAT HONOR to speak before a throng of one’s peers at epicurean Pormaris’ Archive of Gastronomic Artifice – but it was not without its terrors.
The grand museum of, and showcase for, the cuisines and foodways of the Uulian Commonwell and surrounding Exilic Lands was an occasional venue for “TED” (Taste-Engaged Discourse) presentations. Thus, you may imagine Prosatio Silban’s mingled surprise, delight, and anxiety over being asked to address his colleagues on the topic: “Cultural Competency and Eclectic Refection.”
A matter close to my heart, he thought, reading the gilt-edged vellum invitation: “In pursuit of bringing favored fare to countless tables, you have engaged with a multiplicity of palates. We would like you to set the tone of our conference with a personal and instructive account taken from your considerable experience. The evening session is scheduled for two weeks from this writing.”
By Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Inspiration, he implored of the Archive’s patroness, his brow creasing. Why did You – and they – choose me? Please. Let me overcome my dread of speechifying and conduct myself with equanimity – and honor their trust in me.
That thought was uppermost in his mind as he prepared his dissertation. He did have a good store of topical stories, but the real challenge lay in choosing which one would be the most appropriate – and how to do so, and write about it, against a backdrop of other busy appointments in the City of Gourmands. How will I ever find the time? he asked himself. I suppose I’ll have to make the time.
Came the day of his speech, Prosatio Silban was all nervous laughter and sweaty extremities. The great hall where the talk was to take place was filled with hundreds of green-aproned cooks of every gender and ethnos he knew, and one or two he didn’t. He recognized more than a few friends, but they were swallowed up by the sheer number of his professional fellows. I’ll just pretend I know everyone here, he thought. Because in a way, I do.
The Archive’s director, Ranking Culinarian Ilmus Darwan, was well-known and -thought of by almost every cook and victualer in the Commonwell. He stepped to the marble dais and raised a silence-evoking hand.
“Welcome to this season’s symposium on serving our world’s varied and resident peoples with attention and sensitivity,” he said. “Our keystone speaker’s business is a unique one. All he knows on any given day is that he will, with hope, cook for someone somewhere – but by that morning, he often knows neither who nor what. Please welcome with warmth ‘The Cook For Any Price,’ Master Prosatio Silban!”
Polite applause, with friendly whistles here and there providing emphatic counterpoints. As the noise died down, the honoree cleared his throat.
“Thank you for inviting me here to speak to you all tonight. It is a privilege to share with you one of my initial experiences as a cook-errant,” he began. “It is also with mild trepidation that I do so, because although language is a little-appreciated aspect of our work, you will see that it occasionally looms larger than we would wish.”
The hall was silent but for the sound of night-singing crickets. Prosatio Silban poured a glass of water from the carafe on the podium, took a long quaff, and smiled with uncertainty.
“My very first assignment was for a small lakeside settlement not far from here, inhabited by a delegation of the M’zei. As you may know, those yava-brewing mystics are strict vegetarians – save for their love of sea-mollusks and mumblefish – but at the time my tale is set I was still somewhat new to the craft and ignorant of my customers’ preferences. Their language was likewise unfamiliar to me, and I came away from their consultation with the mistaken idea that they preferred meat rather than shunned it. Consequently, I cleared out my ox-drawn galleywagon’s coldbox and filled it with a fifth-manweight of assorted animal flesh, both game and domesticated.
“Upon my arrival that summer morning, my hosts welcomed me with the dignity befitting a visiting head of state. I was ushered into their village’s communal kitchen, outside of which I had parked my galleywagon. As I commenced unloading, you may imagine the shocked looks on their faces when they saw what I had brought for their feast!
“‘Didn’t you request this?’ I asked their headwoman. 
“‘No! Never! Not!’ she replied in broken Uulian. ‘Take away and do not return!’
“I repacked what I had unloaded, and somehow managed to convince her that I could make good my error if given a chance. With reluctance, she agreed to let me try. Although I was young and inexperienced, I was resourceful and, like any cook, willing to do anything to please my client. Thus, I set out with two of the M’zei for the lands bordering their village, there to forage for needed ingredients.
“The day had dawned warm, and grew quite hot as we browsed the settlement’s semi-tropical surroundings. I was under something of a time constraint, as much of what we gathered – freshwater clams, colorful roots, plump tubers, and other dense or fibrous vegetables – needed long cooking in order to become edible. We had acquired a sizable assortment of culinary constituents and returned to the village to begin preparations. I entered my galleywagon to collect the necessaries when an ugly smell intruded upon my senses. The meat! My coldbox, a typical cube of magiked glacier-ice, was failing a test by the merciless heat – and, perhaps, my hosts’ extreme disbelief in magik.”
At this point, a number of shocked gasps echoed throughout the hall. Prosatio Silban continued:
“I was alone in the galleywagon and lost in frantic thought. How could I dispose of the meat? and do so without being noticed? As I pondered my predicament, the sound of furious barking came from outside. I opened the galleywagon’s upper half-door and was horrified to see a pack of wild dogs ringing the vehicle, attracted by the smell of decaying meat.
“Now, a few of you may know that I was not always a cook. Prior to donning the green apron of our profession, I wore the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant. Wasting no time, and acting mostly from learned reflex, I sent a frantic and fervent supplication to the minor but oft-invoked deities Atluuk, Maker of the Fortuitous Escape; Calman, Patron of Necessary Unpleasantness; and Donekar, Watcher over Unintended Mishap. I did not expect a reply but, when I looked out the door once more, the M’zei were chasing the dogs into the neighboring woodland. Working with abundant gratitude and speed, I managed to convey all of the meat in stages into the lake, where it sank beneath the water – out of sight and smell and without anyone becoming aware of what I had done.
“Or so I thought.” He paused, smiled, and pressed on through the knowing chuckles.
“As I finished my odious task, the M’zei headwoman approached. ‘Have polluted our water?’ she asked with a forbidding air. Before I could reply, the barkative dogs returned and splashed into the lake, where they wasted no time in uncovering the fruit of my desperation. With growls and snapping aplenty, they tore into the meat, and did not stop their noise until they had devoured it all.” (another pause) “And later that night, the M’zei likewise did not stop eating until they had devoured their last-minute repast.
“While I was and am grateful to the Flickering Gods, and also the ravenous dogs, for a swift rescue, to this day I blame myself for not having paid closer attention to the M’zei at the outset. It was a deep lesson in the importance of detail: something no cook should lack in their talent-cache, its absence being that from which even the gods may not reliably save us. After all, in the final measure, we are each responsible for our craft – and its consequences. Thank you.”
Prosatio Silban sighed inwardly, then bowed as the crowd thundered its approval. Done to a turn, he thought, and smiled – this time, with relief.



Ersatz Indigene
In which Our Hero helps bridge a cultural gap.


“A CHANGE OF CLOTHES IS not a change of man,” goes the old Uulian proverb – one that also applies to cultures.
Prosatio Silban wiped the copious sweat from his hairless brow and sighed. He and Onward were making their way with difficulty through the infamous Emerald Incessance – that vast, bladegrass-thick wilderness bordered on the west by the decadent Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell and to the east by the forbidding Blacktooth Mountains.
The cook’s galleywagon swayed from side to side as it rolled over bumpy loam and through overtowering vegetation, following a not-quite-discernible footpath. The Incessance was known for its remarkable floral and faunal populations, certain members of which were prized by daring and eclectic Commonwell chefs. It was also renowned (or notorious) for human residents of the more furtive and opportunistic sort: Uulian scofflaws escaping the servants of Maklun, God of Equitable if Long-Armed Justice; elusive Xao nomads herding their fabled oal; and artists, poets, hermits, enchanters, explorers, alchemists, herbalists, ardent lovers, runaway children, and numberless other souls seeking inspiration and/or privacy.
Prosatio Silban was by nature a patient man, but his patience was not inexhaustible. What am I doing here, all in the name of culinary novelty? he thought, swatting at a reed-fly. And without a guide for three days now, thanks to the fatal Jungle Malady. It’s hot. I’m tired, lost, and hungry. And the sun will be dropping into the faraway Rimless Sea any moment now. Time for some well-deserved rest – and well-earned refection!
He tugged on the plaited yak-hair reins, and Onward slowed to a halt. The dray-beast’s rattling hoot indicated hunger, and the cook – as was his practice – saw first to the chatoyant animal’s evening provender (two fatberry-cakes and a kind word) before entering the galleywagon and seeing to his own.
It was not long before he was supping on one of his favorite simple meals: sourbread, sharp cheese, a handful of jewel-dates, and a small glass of white duliac. The wine’s mild euphoric qualities mixed with the beauty of unseen but musical insects to soothe the cook’s mood. Nothing like a full belly and soft night-melody to make a man feel whole again, he thought, standing in the galleywagon’s open doorway.
Prosatio Silban let his mind drift. Soon he found himself humming, then singing, an old cooking-song popular a generation ago (and perhaps generations before that). It was a light ditty meant to take preparation-cooks’ minds off the profound boredom that oft accompanies their endless toil, and it went like this:

“Slice, blade!
Peel, peeler!
Chop, knife!
Grate, grater!
This is the song of those who prepare!
Slice!
Peel!
Chop!
Grate!
So those who cook may have no care!”

As he started over for the third time, a woman’s voice joined his. He stopped, and so did she. Stepping into the pool of light cast by the cook’s fatberry-oil lamp, the singer was revealed as wiry, younger than he by almost three decades, and clad in the patterned-leather garb favored by Xao indigenes. An obsidian-tipped spear and obsidian knife completed the picture, but her pale skin, short blond hair, and lack of facial tattoos betrayed a natal Uulian ethnos. Another one of our people adopting indigenous dress and customs, he thought, keeping his face blank. Uulian culture has its flaws, I admit, but such practice annoys the insular Xao. And with good reason; were I in their sandals, it would certainly annoy me.
“Hail, traveler,” the cook said in his most noncommittal voice. “What brings you so far from home?”
“I am not a traveler. This is where I live,” she responded in a serious, if chirpy, alto. “And what are you doing here?”
“Enjoying the evening. May I ask how you came by that particular song?”
She smiled, but not with her eyes. “My father owned an inn in the Commonwell. His kitchen staff was quite fond of it. I learned it as a child, before turning my back on all things Uulian. Why were you singing it?”
“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price, and I sing when the mood takes me. I am far from home and alone, and that song reminds me of better times and places.”
Her tone was unsympathetic. “My name is ... Anshuaga. If you do not like this place, you are free to leave it.”
Prosatio Silban risked an askance glance. “I may well, if I could find my way out of here. I had a Xao guide, but he died day before yesterday and I am beginning to question the purpose of my search.”
“And that is?”
“There is a tree-bark which our people call ‘red-rind,’ and is found only in the Incessance. I learned of it through research into obscure and ancient seasonings. It is said to make food taste more like itself, even more so than salt. My late guide passed on to me the knowledge of how to find it, process it for safe ingestion, and store it. I have gathered a modest amount” – he indicated a leather bundle strapped to his galleywagon’s undercarriage – “but the Uulian holyday-cycle is approaching, and I want at least enough to meet my customers’ demands.”
There was a pause of some heartbeats; Anshuaga seemed to be half-listening. “I know that bark,” she said. “I hear there is a grove not far from here where it can be found in relative abundance. I could take you there tomorrow. But why should I?”
Prosatio Silban smiled. “I can pay you what I paid the guide: five in copper per day plus another ten for his trouble. I also provided our meals, as I would have done anyway for myself and anyone accompanying me. What do you say to these terms?”
“Where would I spend your coin? We Xao do not require money. All we desire is the peace and comfort of the all-surrounding grass-forest, and the plenty that it provides for us.” She hefted her spear for emphasis, and lifted her chin toward the west. “I know this place better than you do – including the swiftest way out, but two days away.”
“Then how if this,” the cook said, his face impassive. “I will cook for you, share with you what I find, and not whisper a word to anyone of where I obtained such a treasure. Would that meet your requirements?”
She regarded him for a moment, then: “Yes. We will leave at first light.”

* * * 

Yawning and stretching, Prosatio Silban rolled out of his sleeping-berth and onto the galleywagon’s ornate braided rug. He rubbed his eyes and contemplated the view through the lozenge-paned window above the preparation-counter. It is a touch lighter outside than yestereve, he thought. I hope Anshuaga hasn’t risen earlier than I – she does not seem to hold patience very well.
He went through a rapid version of his morning ablutions, dressed, and opened the galleywagon doors. The only living being that met his eyes was Onward, who made soft hungry noises on seeing his human companion. The cook smiled, rummaged in the jute sack under the driver’s bench, and withdrew three fatberry-cakes. As the great beast chewed in noisy contentment, Prosatio Silban cast a searching look for the neo-indigene.
“Anshuaga?” he called.
No answer.
“Anshuaga?” A bit louder. “Anshuaga!”
Still no reply.
His gut twisting with apprehension, the cook glanced at the galleywagon’s undercarriage. The red-rind-bundle was gone. All that remained were the parcel’s dangling, obsidian-cut straps.
“By Takavi, God of Furtive Scuffling!” he exclaimed. “Where did she go?”
He ran about, examining the ground, but found neither obvious footprints nor anything else that might indicate Anshuaga’s passage. She must have stolen away right after I retired, he thought, balling his fists. O Anshuaga, I misread you. You are not merely a well-intentioned boundary-crosser – you are also an accomplished thief. Now. Where did you go?
Prosatio Silban stopped his fruitless scurrying, closed his eyes, and bowed his head in murmuring supplication.
“O Maklun, the All-Seer; Toth-Ar, the All-Knower; and Everwen, Finder of the Otherwise Obscure; hear my plea and grant my boon,” he prayed. “You have been the most generous-hearted of intercessors, and my heart overflows with gratitude for everything with which You have gifted me. Please hear me now and show me the way home. And if You see fit, help me find the grove spoken of by Anshuaga so that I may prosper in Your service, do Your work in Your world and in Your way, and spread the tale of Your endless kindnesses. This I affirm.”
He put out a hand and touched Onward’s thick neck; the great beast gazed back with two of its eyes and lowered its head. The Flickering Gods are more apt to communicate Their will to those who cannot speak the languages of humankind. The cook flashed a grim smile, fitted his companion into its harness, and stepped up to the driver’s bench.

* * * 

The sun had climbed halfway up the sky behind them when Prosatio Silban tugged Onward to a halt in a small clearing. In its center stood a few stunted scarlet trees, their low twisted branches reminiscent of beggars hunting for food-scraps. He jumped down from his perch and was appraising the bark when a hoarse noise caught his attention.
It was Anshuaga. She was sprawled face-up at the foot of a tree, gasping in rapid and shallow breaths. In her hand was a piece of red bark into which she had apparently bitten. Her filmy eyes were mere slits in her pallid face, but they focused on Prosatio Silban as he knelt beside her.
 “... curiosity ...” she moaned. Her head fell back on the grove’s leaf-strewn floor, eyes closing.
The cook leapt up the galleywagon steps. A moment later he emerged with a clear tumbler full of amber oil and a handful of pill-sized black charwood chunks. Kneeling, he raised her head and brought the tumbler to her lips, but only succeeded in soaking her cheeks and chin.
He tossed aside the tumbler, placed one hand on her head and the other on her heart. “O Galien, All-Mother and Life-Giver,” he whispered. “Cast your care over this one of Your children who has strayed too-near the realm of Your consort, Angrim, Lord of Time. She has forsaken her folk, but Your love is boundless and she is still in need of Your help. Please – do not let her die, but live to return to Your service.”
Color flushed Anshuaga’s cheeks. She took a deep breath, then another, and opened her eyes.
“What happened?” she asked Prosatio Silban, then jerked with the recent memory. “The red-rind! How did I —”
“You were saved by what you rejected,” he said. “Perhaps the Flickering Gods felt you still had lessons to learn. Did you not know that the bark was poisonous?”
Her cheeks reddened further as she dropped her eyes. “No. But a Xao would have.”
The cook squeezed her arm, stood up, and offered an assisting hand. “A Xao would also know the benefits of traveling with community – rather than alone.”
Anshuaga accepted his hand and rose to her feet. “I suppose I have more to learn than I thought,” she said in a small and remorseful voice. “Will you take me back to the Commonwell with you?”
Prosatio Silban smiled. “There is always room for one more at my table,” he said.



Gustibus Interruptus
In which Our Hero weathers supernatural shenanigans.


WITH A PATIENCE DERIVED FROM long practice, Prosatio Silban measured his pain and disgust against the vast cold deeps of Time.
It was an old reflex, and a welcome corrective to the blood trickling from his arms and legs, not to mention the ropy brown slime soiling his apron, hands and face. The odor of putrid meat hung in the air, as did the fading echo of a soggy explosion which a lesser man would require weeks of strong drink to forget.
The banquet had not gone at all well. But what else could one expect, on Rifting Eve?
Jiva, m’Lord Eldotis Baran’s most quick-witted serving maid, offered up undisguised awe and a clean towel. He pressed the spongy cloth to his sticky face, his thoughts coalescing around a recent encounter with a certain butcher ...

* * *

Of all epicurean Pormaris’ grand marketplaces (save one or two not mentioned in polite society), the oldest and most renowned sprawled adjacent to the teeming docks at the island-city’s southern end. It was famous throughout the Exilic Lands and around the Rimless Sea for the clamor of its leather-lunged hawkers, the superciliousness of its resident merchants, and the gullibility of its wealthier patrons.
The Cook For Any Price had arrived the previous evening on the last ferry from Ruins-Across-The-Water, and could scarce have wedged his galleywagon into the market’s Itinerant Quarter had not the city guards been so taken with his buopoth, Onward. The great dray-beasts were by nature shy, but due to a subtle sensitivity and skill could appear to anyone as an animal of comparable bulk. Prosatio Silban wondered just what the gruff one-eyed guard-captain saw who waived the stabling fee and himself took charge of Onward’s comfort.
“I’ve not seen such a one since my far-off youth,” he said with delighted awe. “Never mind the silver, my friend – he can stay here as long as you wish, just for my privilege of watching him. What a beautiful fellow! Ain’t you the beautiful one? Ain’t you just?”
After a peaceful sleep, the cook awoke, breakfasted on a poppyhorn and a strong cup of yava, and made himself presentable for that day’s business. For tonight was Rifting Eve, and he would be cooking for the Heir Second m’Lord Eldotis Baran and various guests of comparable wealth and position.
Prosatio Silban was both honored by and apprehensive toward the appointment. Heirs Second were scions of the Uulian Commonwell’s three founding clans; only the seldom-seen First Heirs outranked them on the five-rung Uulian social ladder. Whereas the Sacreants of the Flickering Gods directed the nation’s spiritual and cultural institutions, the Heirs Second had charge of its land, people, and attendant fashions – often with blunt but inventive practicality. For example, take m’Lord Tariovastus Ilhad, an otherwise competent tender of his birthright whose chief passion in life involved birds (specifically the one-legged pippio, a small brown forager of secretive habits and charming voice). A number of m’Lord Tariovastus’ villagers had been over-inclined to trouble the Heir Second with contentious arbitration-seeking, but they became bywords of civic tranquility after he made the following proclamation:
“The Flickering Gods did not intend for us to live in disharmony. Therefore, those who cannot solve their own problems by sundown of the day they conceive them will be summarily executed. Now please – leave me to my birds.”
This leisured impatience was also apparent in the nobility’s treatment of Rifting Eve – the night which, countless millennia ago, had seen the fiery, land-cracking climax to a long war of which the plains-dwelling Xao and arboreal Xai were now almost the sole survivors. So all-consuming was this cataclysm that its annual echo still knocked a-kilter the subtle laws by which the world conducted itself. Eerie interlopers were said to populate the midnight landscape, unseen until manifest with attendant horror, and only kept in marginal check by the respective drumming and piping of Xao and Xai shamans.
Though credulous folk battened themselves indoors on Rifting Eve, the Heirs Second scoffed at such superstition and for centuries had roistered through the night beneath perfumed and well-lit pavilions. But superstition or no, even the coffeehouse-wits of cosmopolitan Soharis could not dispute that the strange musical wind fraying the edge of civilized night boded nothing good for those who listened. And if the Uulians drank more and chanted their own songs the louder, they told themselves that they were the happier for it.
These thoughts marched around Prosatio Silban’s mind as he donned a clean white tunic, wine-colored knee-breeches and long grey vest, stepped into black canvas-and-rubber shoes, and applied his mouse-fur eyebrows. The latter were, in a sense, the most important (and uncomfortable) part of his daily costume, at least in the more affluent parts of the Commonwell where “self-defrocked Sacreant” was an unknown or awkward concept. The Sacreantal depilatory bath was as much a sign of holy investiture as the Rainbow Robe; but the cook preferred to address his clients’ needs rather than their curiosity and had learned to ignore the itching. He set on his hairless head a squat cylinder of dark blue felt tasseled with black satin and tried to smile into the mirror, but for whatever reason today’s ritual masquerade depressed him. He swallowed the remainder of the yava and picked up his worn leather knives-bindle.
The marketplace was easing into activity around him as he hailed Onward and the buopoth’s new admirers, telling both that he’d be back late the next morning. Weighty clouds muted the market’s usual bustle, as if merchants and customers were engaging in an unspoken conspiracy of nonchalant pretense. But that lack of mercantile colloquy was counterbalanced by the colorful collection of produce – roots, fruits, greens, grains, nuts, seeds, beans, and other vegetative delights – supplied by the Commonwell’s tireless farmers. Prosatio Silban nodded greetings to various acquaintances as he strolled among ropes of smoked sausages; a cacophony of squawking birds, bleating beasts and hissing lizards; glass-captured potations of intoxicating or invigorating virtue; great aromatic wheels of yellow and grey cheese; sizzling grills topped by a smoking array of savory meats; tea- and coffee-sellers hawking steaming brews; bright and dusky spice mounds whispering sweet and pungent olfactory secrets.
Prosatio Silban’s purposeful saunter brought him to an imposing structure, where reed-woven roof panels were being raised and lowered by an ankle-chained quartet of wistful gibbons. Above the doorway, a decorated banner proclaimed, CEBALLO MARUSH – FINE MEATS FOR THE DISCERNING. Six imperious house-guards stood a precise and liveried semicircle around a well-dressed woman in gold and green whose pearl-adorned auburn hair wound above her heart-shaped face. The cook had never before met his patron or patroness (the signed contract and impending meeting had been effected through one of m’Lord’s retainers), but he guessed from her complexion and bearing that she was m’Lady Eldotis Tyula – like her peers beautiful of form, but commanding awe and respect rather than affection. The cook adjusted his hat to a stylish tilt and assumed an expression of polite competence.
The noblewoman was talking to one of her guards, but Eldotis Demina, m’Lord and m’Lady’s youngest daughter and who was given to sensitive fits, watched him approach from the protection of her mother’s skirts. Seeing the child, Prosatio Silban felt his spirits lift; he grinned, wiggled his brows and bugged out his eyes. Demina shrieked in laughter, and her mother’s blazing glance caught the cook in mid-wiggle.
“Is there a reason that you frighten my daughter?” she asked with calm hauteur. Six halberds glinted in his direction.
The startled cook halted, half-awaiting a casual doom, but before he could reply, Demina turned a winsome smile to her mother.
“I’m not scared, Moma,” she said, and giggled. “He makes me laugh.”
Prosatio Silban bowed, hiding a triumphant smirk.
“Well,” said the Heiress Second, forcing warmth into her voice. “That is all I need to know. Rise, whoever you are, and explain yourself.”
The cook straightened and adopted his lightest tone. “Prosatio Silban, m’Lady Eldotis, at your and your family’s professional service.”
“Ah, our Rifting Eve craftsman,” she said with a dismissive wave of one bejeweled hand. “It would not do to deal in haste with one who so amuses my delicate Demina, or in whom my husband places the trust and celebrity of his table. You will accompany me in choosing the meat for tonight’s signature dish.” Without waiting for his answer, she entered the butcher’s shop.
Ceballo Marush was draped in the expensive silks and gold chains of the socially ambitious, and his manner dripped obsequiousness.
“Most gracious m’Lady,” he said, bowing low enough to brush the sand-covered floor with his pomaded curls. “Your unexpected presence shines upon my humble shop with more radiance than the noon-day sun over the bountiful Rimless Sea. By what agency may I satisfy your wants and appease your appetite?” He swept an ostentatious hand at the diverse carcasses hanging from rail-mounted ceiling hooks, doing his best to avoid Prosatio Silban’s eyes.
The cook wondered if the Heiress Second knew the proverb: Honest men speak; thieves ooze. Despite the esteem in which Ceballo Marush was held by his more naïve clients (he was, for instance, the sole Pormaris conduit for the wild game by which the nomadic Xao and furtive Xai sustained themselves), Prosatio Silban had long suspected the butcher of being motivated by a base drive other than service or profit. He could not prove this to his own satisfaction, but nonetheless preferred to obtain his own ingredients elsewhere. This provoked Ceballo Marush’s rancor, and each did his best to avoid the other.
“I have, of late, conceived a taste for tenderloin of the Xao’s oal,” m’Lady Eldotis said. “It seems fitting that this barbaric Rifting Eve holiday be enjoyed with the barbarians’ own viands.”
“Indeed, indeed, and well put,” enthused Ceballo Marush. “Just yestereve one of my suppliers, anticipating such a festive need, furnished me three of the beasts, well-fattened and fresh-killed. I daresay there are none finer in all the Commonwell, or even the Exilic Lands.”
He snapped his fingers twice and a pale apprentice-lad appeared beside him, bowing to the Heiress Second. “The oal for our gracious Heiress Second. Bring all three.”
The youth withdrew into the dangling tangle of meat, then slid forth three large, skinned ruminants whose stumpy tails drew shallow furrows in the sandy floor. He bowed to m’Lady Eldotis, glanced at Marush, hesitated, and retreated.
“Note the plumpness of the flesh, so illustrative of inner succulence,” Marush gushed, gesturing with a silver-capped finger. “Stewed with sweet wine or braised in more savory fluids – or perhaps roasted on a grill of iron over a fire of fragrant honeywood? – each mouthful will fill the night with sighs of gustatory pleasure.”
M’Lady Eldotis inspected the oal with surprising expertise, flexing sturdy legs and examining blunt teeth. The well-muscled animals were common denizens of the Emerald Incessance, as the Uulians called the endless grass-thick wilderness on the Commonwell’s eastern border, and though the Xao of that region regarded the beasts as a staple cuisine, their more civilized neighbors considered them daringly exotic.
“They are exemplary specimens,” said the Heiress Second. “Master Cook?”
Prosatio Silban and Ceballo Marush had been considering each other from the corners of heavy-lidded eyes. The cook produced from his bindle a slender steel needle and poked the flank of each carcass in turn. An indigo sheen trickled out of the tiny wounds and down the animals’ bellies to clot on the sandy floor.
Demina sniffed. “Licorice!” she cried. “Licorice, Moma.”
“In truth, there should be no smell at all. Oal blood is pale brown, and does not thus flow after death,” said Prosatio Silban. “These beasts have indeed been well-fattened – but with purple asphyxinia, which for them is an intoxicating if fatal delicacy. No Xao would eat such a one. But it appears someone desires that you do.”
The Heiress Second looked at the butcher. “Well?”
Ceballo Marush had become white-faced with fear. “M-m’Lady, I did not know. I did not know! What can I say to you?”
“Nothing that I would believe,” she said with a languid gesture.
Two of her armored retinue seized the butcher by his silk-wrapped arms, and Prosatio Silban sighed with discomfiture. True, he disliked Ceballo Marush, but not so as to be the agent of his undoing. Have I prevented one sort of death to cause another? he thought, and grimaced.
“Do you disagree, Master Cook?” asked the Heiress Second. “Or is there something else you find distasteful?”
The cook’s vitals became cold stone. “The Flickering Gods oft guide us toward mercy, m’Lady,” he said with slow deliberation. “But I have neither the wisdom nor the capacity to know Their exact ways in this matter.”
An enigmatic expression crossed the noblewoman’s face. She turned to her guards. “Take the butcher and his apprentices, and close the shop. We will dine tonight at his expense.”
Ceballo Marush dropped his oleaginous manner and fixed her with venomous eyes. “If that is your will,” he said, “then let be what will and will be.”
Icy spider legs danced on the nape of Prosatio Silban’s neck. He slapped, then frowned, feeling nothing beneath his fingers.
“I don’t like him, Moma,” said Demina as the butcher was led away. “Is he a bad man?”
“Yes, angel of mine,” replied her mother. “But harmless now.”
I wonder, thought the cook, keeping his face impassive.

* * * 

To most Uulians, Ruins-Across-The-Water was the well-known ferry port connecting the island-city of Pormaris with the Commonwell’s southwestern lands. But to picnickers, poets, trysting lovers, and other surreptitious visitors, it was the rambling remains of an ancient city whose toppled basalt columns and lichen-stained bluerock foundations stretched uphill from the ferry dock. The Ruins’ northeastern edge was marked by an abrupt cliff of forbidding proportions, offering a grand moons-lit view of Pormaris and the whole of surrounding Teardrop Lake as well as a potential demise for those who ventured too near.
Far enough from the edge for prudence, yet close enough for audacity, m’Lord Eldotis had arranged for a spacious red-carpeted dining pavilion of green and gold silk trimmed with breeze-tinkled bells. The festive table beneath was bright with gold and crystal service, and had been placed so as to reveal to the loud and opulent guests their entire dinner-producing apparatus. On the cliff side, half-naked servants of both sexes shimmered in the flickering firelight as they tended a line of spits heavy with ox, lamb and venison; opposite these was an open kitchen-tent bedecked with wheat sheaves and grape clusters. Three beehive ovens formed the temporary courtyard’s far end. In the center of the compound squatted a huge pile of white ash, from whose top protruded an iron triangle like the hollow beak of an eager hatchling.
Just inside the kitchen, where he could see (and more to the point, be seen by) everyone in the dining pavilion, Prosatio Silban inspected a wide bowl of wild-picked greenery and wished he could wipe the sweat from his face. But he was on display, and it would have been inelegant. And besides, he was afraid of dislodging his eyebrows.
With one expert motion he stripped the small round leaves from an aromatic stalk of pungentine and sprinkled them atop the salad. He nodded his approval to the young woman holding the bowl – Jiva, she said her name was? The serving-maid whose eyes lack servility – and waved her toward the pavilion.
Jiva hesitated. “Should I pretend I don’t hear it?” she asked.
She meant, of course, the drumming. It had begun at sunset, seeming to arise from beneath their feet: soft rapid beats, first at the very edge of hearing, then growing louder as the hours passed, winding snakelike through complex rhythms which could be neither ignored nor muffled.
“If you need to ask,” he replied, “you shouldn’t be here.”
She made a face at him – part impertinence, part apprehension – and glided across the carpet, salad bowl balanced on her head. He watched her go, smiled at himself, and reached for a peppermill.
The four-piece improvisto ensemble (lute, viol, horn and occasional voice) finished a classic historical ballad emphasizing the achievements of the glorious Eldotis family. They were about to begin another when m’Lord Eldotis Baran rapped twice on a small tableside gong. His guests lapsed into reluctant near-silence, and the Heir Second addressed them in tranquil tones just lubricated with wine.
“And now, my noble friends and relations, I present to you tonight’s culinary architect: Master Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price!” he cried. “As many of you know, he has practiced his craft throughout the Commonwell for many years, and tonight, for our delectation and delight – and to help us, once again¸ prove the superiority of civilization over rank superstition – he has prepared for us an expert dish combining the best of sweet and savory, crunchy and tender, meaty and, er ... vegetabular” – here he took a birdlike sip from his brimming wine-glass – “and we, we have been deemed by the Flickering Gods as the fortunate tasters, on this most fortunate night.”
The guests applauded, if a bit overmuch, most peering at Prosatio Silban with a fair show of sophisticated appreciation. The cook acknowledged their adulation with a slight bow. I wish he would let them form their own opinion of me and my craft, he thought. Ah, well, the evening won’t last forever.
The cook hefted an oak-handled metal hook and nodded to two muscular servants. Armed with shovels, they advanced on the ash-pile and began clearing it, exposing an enormous iron cauldron-lid.
“This signature dish has been cooking since this morning,” m’Lord Eldotis Baran explained, raising his voice above the incessant drumming and taking another sip from his half-empty glass. “The cauldron has been in our family for generations” – his guests murmured appreciation – “and the ingredients come from our city’s own South Market, including the meat – a gift from the once-peerless Ceballo Marush.” M’Lady Tyula smiled, and one or two among the assemblage tittered.
Prosatio Silban inserted the hook into the lid’s triangular eyelet. “With your permission, m’Lord?” he asked in a theatrical tone.
M’Lord Eldotis Baran nodded, swept a gracious hand toward Prosatio Silban, and, in that frozen way through which unexpected crises are often experienced, three events happened at once:
- The drumming rolled to a peak, then stopped, and
- The shovel-wielding servants screamed, and
- The cauldron’s contents exploded up and outward with a loud wet growl.
Prosatio Silban sat down with a breathy “wumph,” clawing at whatever was trying to strangle him. He grabbed slippery tentacles and pulled; his forehead struck something which yelped and battered in retreat.
The guests scattered in all directions as a slick sinuous blur made a shambles of the dining pavilion. Several of the Eldotis house-guard lay strewn about the carpets and table. The Thing knocked over the spits, broke open the ovens, and reeled toward the cliff. As though drawn by an invisible tether, the cook found himself in pursuit. It is my mess, after all, he thought.
Outside the warm glow of the feasting area, night wrapped Prosatio Silban in almost palpable darkness. He saw nothing at first, then his eyes adjusted and he could make out the twinkling lights of Pormaris; a silhouette of uncertain form was visible against the distant pinpoints.
Because he couldn’t think of anything else to do, the cook ducked behind a fallen column to consider his next move. A moment later, a distorted face dropped before his and hung leering within a lambent purple aura. Despite its otherworldliness, it had a familiar appearance.
“We meet again, cook,” the Thing said in Ceballo Marush’s distinct accents. “But this time, it will be I who gets the better of you.”
Prosatio Silban was nonplussed, but only for a moment. Charging his voice with authority, he replied, “I cannot allow you to trouble these people. It is both bad form and bad business – and the blame would be laid at my feet.”
“Then you will be laid at mine,” the transformed butcher growled, and lunged.
The cook ducked, barely sidestepping his onrushing adversary. I have no weapons, he thought. How will I survive this?
A frigid tentacle wrapped itself around his neck, squeezing. He could feel the Thing’s cold body on his back and warm slime running down his chest. He grabbed at the tentacle with frantic fingers, found purchase, and tore it from his throat. Another tentacle encircled his right shin, dragged it behind him and drove him to one knee, then forced him onto his back.
“Pray, Sacreant,” snarled the Thing. “Pray to your useless gods.”
“I am not ... a Sacreant ... anymore,” Prosatio Silban said between gritted teeth. As the Thing shoved him onto his back, however, he summoned his courage for a voiceless supplication. O Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt, he began, as icy fire burned his ankles. Grass and rocks slid up his back. The Thing was dragging him to the cliff’s edge.
Please, Bohoran – give me what I need to overcome this adversary in Your Name, and I will publish Your mercy to as much of the world as I can reach, he finished.
No answer was forthcoming. Not that he expected one, but still: “Pray for strength? Always answered,” ran the proverb.
The cook flailed his hands to both sides, scraping them on the dirt but slowing his pace. He raised his head and saw the Thing heaving in front of him, a gaping void not far beyond.
With perfect clarity, a voice sounded in his head: What cannot be repelled, must be embraced.
He dug his elbows into the ground and twisted hard over to his left. One of the Thing’s tentacles slipped off his right leg, further retarding his cliff-bound progress. He sat up with an effort and jabbed with stiffened fingers at his left ankle. The unexpected maneuver caught the Thing off-guard and off-balance; it yelped and withdrew its other tentacle.
Prosatio Silban stood, wrapped his opponent in both arms and squeezed. The Thing gasped, screamed, and clawed. The cook squeezed harder, then harder still.
With a searing pop, the Thing exploded into a sticky brown cloud, smelling of chicken carcasses left overlong in a too-warm waste barrel.
Prosatio Silban ran a hand over his slime-slick face, flung away the malodorous mess, and sighed.
The night was silent save for the songs of mate-seeking crickets, and the only audible drumming was his quick-beating heart.
What was that? he thought.
“What was that?” someone echoed behind him. Jiva, with a torch in one hand and a towel in the other.
“It was ... well, whatever it was, it’s gone,” he said. “With grateful thanks to the ever-beloved Bohoran.”
She cocked a curious eyebrow. “Weren’t you afraid?”
He met her eyes. “Everyone is afraid, but it is not always appropriate to admit it.”
“No,” she said. “But that’s not what I meant. Something unholy happened here tonight. None but a Sacreant would go charging after a danger like that.”
The cook was silent, aware that his eyebrows had fallen off.
“Everything has its time and place,” he said. “And ours, now, is to go and save what remains of the evening.”
Jiva moved closer. “And what else?” she asked with a flirtatious grin.
Prosatio Silban returned her smile.
“I’ll tell you all about it,” he said. “... later.”



Dread Reckoning
In which Our Hero faces a desperate consequence.


WHEN SOMEONE THREATENS YOU WITH a knife at close quarters, your options may not be so limited as you might think.
“Do you know who I am?” the intruder asked.
“You mean, aside from my potential assailant?” Prosatio Silban replied.
It was a cool, late night in the city of epicurean Pormaris, and the cook had made the mistake of answering his galleywagon door by opening it all the way instead of unbolting the upper half. But Prosatio Silban was in a jolly mood, and not only from a celebratory glass of white duliac. He had that day earned a sizable coin pouch by providing a special dinner for the Heir Second Vajang Chorl, Pormaris’ governing noble.
“My name is Filio Tharl. Does that spark a memory?”
The cook started. “M’Lord Vajang’s personal chef,” he said. “I see now why you’re here.”
At this point, an expository note should be placed before the Patient Diner’s vision. The Uulian Commonwell’s nobility, as much of its wealthier population, employed sizable house-staffs to serve their needs and occasional whims. When these fancies were beyond their retainers’ capabilities, it was not unknown for them to hire outside experts. Decorators, gardeners, tailors, and cooks were the usual casualties. Most accepted their temporary supersession with an easy grace. But sometimes, one or two would take heated issue with their provisional replacement.
Apparently, Filio Tharl was among them. He was clad in the sharp, warm tones of Vajang livery and the green apron of the Commonwell’s cooking-class. He was also young, slight of build, and holding a handspan-long chopping knife usually reserved for tough roots and sturdy meats.
I always knew this day would come, Prosatio Silban thought. And now it has. O Elindra, Goddess of Equitable Denouements, please – help me find a solution.
“You should not take this to heart,” he said with a quiet and steady voice. “I have been practicing our shared craft for more than a quarter-century. You are just out of cooks’ school. I know how talented you are, as well as the warm regard in which m’Lord Vajang holds you. But to be honest, this assignment was somewhat beyond your considerable abilities. Is your discomfiture a matter of payment? I’ll share it with you.” He reached for the coin jar on a shelf above the well-used preparation-counter, but the house-cook’s knife-hand gestured him into immobility.
“It is not the loss of coin that I mind,” he said. “It is that I am lessened in my employer’s eyes – and all because of you.”
“That is not the case at all,” Prosatio Silban said. “You have only been retained for less than a year, and already you have m’Lord Vajang’s kitchen and scullions as well-ordered and productive as a humming beehive. I know this – I saw it. And that is no easy thing. You should take pride in such a difficult attainment.”
The knife wavered, then steadied. “It does not matter,” Filio Tharl said. “I can never recover from this failure. I certainly cannot go back to m’Lord’s service.” A shadow crossed his face, transforming his features from indignation to deep grief.
He reversed his knife-hold and pointed the weapon toward his belly with a tentative grasp, one more of despair than intention. “And I certainly cannot go on elsewhere,” he said, touching its tip to his chest.
With one swift and easy motion, Prosatio Silban grabbed Filio Tharl’s knife-hand, pushed the house-cook’s body away from it, and twisted the blade from his grip. It fell to the ornate braided rug with a muffled clatter.
“It is poor form to murder oneself in someone else’s home,” the mercenary cook said. “My interim substitution is not the only reason you are here. One does not attempt suicide because of a mishandled business arrangement. What are you really feeling?”
Filio Tharl heaved a sincere and soul-wracked sigh, cleared his throat, and held Prosatio Silban’s eyes. “I do not know,” he said. “Useless, I suppose. Displaced. And embarrassed.”
“One can never underestimate the power of embarrassment. It has likewise driven me to do foolish things. And as for ‘useless,’ do you not have the esteem of m’Lord Vajang as evidence of his need for you? One could make the argument that he was looking out for your interests by engaging me.”
“Oh?” The house-cook sounded unconvinced. “How so?”
“Because he did not want to see you suffer a professional defeat. He has placed not only his faith in your hands, but the health and well-being of his family. It takes a special skill to serve one master. I do not have those skills – so instead, I serve many.”
Filio Tharl stared at the rug for several heartbeats. “Cooking is all I ever wanted to do, and all at which I could excel,” he said at last in a distracted monotone. “I began by cooking for my family from a young age and found I enjoyed it. Later, at great cost and effort, I managed to get into the College of Culinary Craftship in Pormaris, and was apprenticed to the great Oseon Dreyas himself.”
“I know Master Oseon. He is wonderful both as a mentor and human being.”
“He is that. I was never more proud than the day m’Lord Vajang accepted me into his service. And then ... and then ...”
“And then, an interloper comes into your kitchen and supplants you without even a consultation,” Prosatio Silban finished. “Anyone in such circumstances might feel as you do.”
Filio Tharl looked up. “Then you understand.”
“More than that – I empathize.”
The house-cook smiled. “Thank you,” he said. “I suppose it’s obvious that I never meant to hurt you – or myself. May I ask a favor?”
The mercenary cook nodded. “Within reason.”
“Will you teach me the secrets of the banquet you cooked?”
“Young man,” Prosatio Silban said, “I can think of no finer resolution.”



Evasive Death
In which Our Hero effects a recovery.


STARLESS DARKNESS FILLED THE OBSERVABLE universe.
Where am I? Prosatio Silban thought.
He tried to make his voice work, but couldn’t find or even feel his throat. In fact, his entire body seemed to be numb. Or was it missing?
What am I?
Only silence answered; a silence so profound that he felt part of it, that he was it.
Am I?
He had no answer to that question, nor to the next one.
“What happened?” A woman’s voice, shaded by concern.
“He is dead.” A man’s voice, with simple finality.
No! I am not!
“No, he is not.” Another woman’s voice, rich with calm competency. “Give him air, everyone.”
By degrees, Prosatio Silban could feel his hands, his feet, his back. His head was pillowed by something soft.
“By Omriol, Dispenser of the Unexpected Benefit!” The first man, wonderstruck.
Sensations continued to filter into his consciousness: whispers of worried conversation, the texture of hay-strewn stone beneath his fingers, the smell of cooking meat, the taste of blood, a fading pain in his gut. He became aware of his eyes, opened them.
He was lying on his back and ringed by anxious faces. He tried to clear his throat, found he could, and spoke.
“What. Happened?”
A youngish woman with an obliging face – a Sacreant, judging by her bare scalp and Rainbow Robe – smiled down at him.
“You were dead,” she said. “And now you are not.”
“’Dead?’”
“Yes. I am Ceta Thuveen. You are in the Soharis vegetable-market. An ox gored you, but thanks to Galien the All-Mother, you were drawn back from the clutches of Angrim the All-Limiter’s stark fist.  For now, rest. You should be able to stand in a few moments.”
Prosatio Silban ran his hands down his body and over a jagged wet hole in his white cotton tunic – his second-favorite tunic! He drew up his arms, grimaced at his bloody hands, rested his elbows on the flagstone pavement and sat up. Surprised to feel no ill effect, he tried to stand. Dizzy nausea swept through him, and he sat back down.
“You do not understand,” the Sacreant said. “You were dead. You must give yourself time to heal.”
“But I have an evening engagement,” Prosatio Silban said, casting a gloomy glance at his scattered groceries. “I am the Cook For Any Price, and today’s price has been met by ... by ... ah ... let me think ...”
“You see? You need time, both to heal and to reorient yourself. The onion-seller knows your client, and we have sent a porter-girl to inform him of your accident. I am certain that if you –”
“No! You do not understand. In more than a quarter-century, I have never failed to honor a contract. And I will not do so now. Help me up.”
“That would be unwise.”
“Unwise or no, it is my will. Now – help me up!”
Shaking her head, Ceta Thuveen encircled the beefy cook’s upper torso with one strong arm and heaved. The dizzy nausea returned, and Prosatio Silban turned sheepish eyes on his savior. 
“Perhaps you’re right,” he said with resignation. “Perhaps I will lay here, for just a moment ... or three ...”

* * * 

The Cook For Any Price examined his round belly in the galleywagon’s mirror. I can barely see the wound, he thought, but I know it’s there. Or, rather, it was. I will need a new tunic, although I could keep the damaged one as a reminder of today’s incident ...
He shuddered. On second thought, perhaps it’s best left unremembered.
Prosatio Silban opened one of the drawers beneath his sleeping-berth, withdrew a clean blue tunic, and pulled it over his head. I do resent that Sacreant’s telling my client that I wouldn’t be able to work. That should be my decision. He frowned. On the other hand, I suppose I’d rather be alive with no contract than dead with one. But what am I without my livelihood? I suppose there’s no harm in dropping by Sir Bileo’s kitchen to lend a hand ... is there? He closed his eyes to ponder.
Someone shouted, “Make way! Make wide way!”
Thundering hooves.
Pounding heart.
Impacting horn.
Toppling into darkness.
He opened his eyes, gasping. It had seemed so real – as though he were back where and when it happened instead of safe within his galleywagon. The cook ran a shaking hand across his forehead; it came away wet.
What was that? he thought. Do warriors have the same reaction after they’ve seen battle? Or does anyone anywhere, having had a brush with ... with ... by the All-Mother. I can’t even say the word.
He sat down on the berth’s edge and tried to quell his sobs.

* * * 

The next day dawned as did most in many-harbored Soharis – cool, breezy, fog-damp. Prosatio Silban slid the painted menu board out from his galleywagon’s undercarriage, leaned it against the vehicle, then set up two tables-and-chairs. Business should help me take my mind off of what happened, he thought. At least, for as long as anyone may indulge me.
He struck his usual pose next to the menu – one arm akimbo below an expression of welcoming hospitality – and scanned the morning’s potential-customer parade. A number of folk were starting to fill the market-street; a vendor of hot tea, a governess leading two unruly children, a handful of house-wives searching out the best bargains. And a brace of oxen, drawing a double-axle mason’s-cart.
Heart pounding. 
Brow sweating.
Fists balling. 
Did I just whimper? Prosatio Silban thought, gripping one of the galleywagon’s chest-high wheels. Please, O my gods, please – don’t let me topple into darkness again.
“Master Cook? Are you yet serving breakfast?” A young woman, bright with polite and professional interest.
He replied with his standard greeting. “With what may I please you?”
She sat down, eyes on the menu board. “Let me see ... marbled eggs, bean-bread toast, thick bacon, and a hot mug of cream-laced yava. Will it be long?”
The cook forced a smile. “Not at all. I shall return presently.”
Inside the galleywagon, he placed into the warm oven two slices of bean-bread, then dropped a knob of yellow butter into an otherwise empty skillet and lit the fatberry-oil burner beneath it. He reached overhead for a sweetbark-smoked pork-belly, lifted it down to the preparation-counter and commenced cutting rashers.
And then, he stopped.
Something about the sound of the slicing blade made him uneasy – wasn’t it the same sound the ox’s horn made when it penetrated his ...? He set down the knife, shook his head – I have got to get hold of myself! – and gazed heavenward.
“O Galien, Bestower of Life and Consort of Angrim, Lord of Time; hear my plea and grant my boon,” he murmured. “You saved my life when all seemed lost, and I am beyond beyond-grateful to You for this and for Your other myriad kindnesses. Please, I beg: Comfort my spirit. Ease my heart. Soothe my soul, that I may continue to serve You in Your world and in Your way. Make me a worthy vessel of Your will, and I shall relate in full Your benevolence whenever I tell the tale of my deliverance. This I affirm.”
He waited, but there came no mood-shift as often happened after prayer: no lightening of troubled temperament, no calming of wild emotion – only an agitated emptiness. He segued a deep sigh into a soft moan.
Perhaps a touch of spirituous duliac will suffice, he thought, uncorking a small green bottle. He selected a diminutive glass from the servingware-closet and poured it brimful of sapphire liquid, raised it to his lips, and inhaled its clean sharp scent.
WHAT am I DOING? he exclaimed in silence. His hands shook as he emptied the glass into the sink. That is a road down which I wish not to go. I have too many responsibilities, too many customers to serve ... my customer!
He leapt to the galleywagon door, but she was gone. With another ragged sigh, he dropped his head into his hands.
I need help. And soon. I can’t – I won’t – go on in this way.

* * * 

“So you see,” Prosatio Silban was saying, “I am trying to forget what happened in the marketplace. But despite my heroic efforts, I cannot. It is as though a malign force is dogging my steps and constraining my usual blithe humor.”
“Quite right,” said Ceta Thuveen. “In a sense, it is.”
They were sitting in padded oubaq-leather chairs in one of the many anterooms in Soharis’ Oceanic Fane, the local temple of the Flickering Gods. On the walls hung tall tapestries depicting sacred historical scenes; from elsewhere in the Fane came the sound of rhythmic chanting.
“What do you mean?” the cook asked.
She regarded him with serious eyes. “You have suffered a traumatic event. It is not unusual for one to feel as you do. Dying is a very painful experience, and it will take time for you to heal.”
“How long?”
“Days.”
“I cannot wait that long. How if I exert myself?”
“Perhaps weeks.”
“And with greater exertion?”
“Months.”
“Bosh!” Prosatio Silban snorted, and fell back in his chair.
“You must understand,” said the Sacreant in a sympathetic tone, “that this is not an easy process. You did well in deciding not to numb yourself with duliac, for if you had, your healing might take years. One cannot heal without feeling. It is a difficult process, one leading not to happiness so much as to joy. The end result will be for you to integrate this experience into your daily awareness without being frightened by it.”
The cook turned to her a mournful countenance. “What must I do?” he asked.

* * * 

A steady drumbeat can be both calming and invigorating, especially for the drummer.
Eyes closed, Prosatio Silban risked a smile. So soothing, he reflected, then pushed that thought aside and concentrated on Ceta Thuveen’s voice while his steady hands kept tapping the rhythm.
“As we have been doing throughout these past weeks, I want you picture a safe, comfortable place that you well know,” she said. “Be within it until you can visualize its totality.”
His inner vision evoked his galleywagon’s preparation-counter: sturdy grey oak, its surface scored by years of chopping. Bit by bit the view expanded to take in the lozenge-paned window over the counter and adjacent stove; behind him was the well-stocked pantry and silver-edged, translucent coldbox. Overhead was a tangle of pots, pans, large utensils, and slow-curing meats and cheeses. A decades-thick mélange of cooking- and ingredient-smells filled his mind’s nose.
“I am here,” he whispered. “I am in the most secure place I know.”
“Good, good,” said the Sacreant. “That took less time than our previous sessions. Now let us add to that the holy presence of Galien, Lady of Life; Tuanal, God of Subsequent Calm; and Hegwain, Patroness of Affordable Cures. They are all here with you, manifesting from the Pure City and imbuing you with protective force.”
The mental vista began to glow with warm golden light. Prosatio Silban risked another smile as he imagined three loving and attentive faces beaming at him.
“It is alright to smile,” said Ceta Thuveen. “Do you feel the gods’ presence?”
“That is why I am smiling,” Prosatio Silban said. “They are here with me, and I am here with them.”
“Nothing can hurt you.”
“Nothing can hurt me.”
“You are wrapped in a protective aura.”
“I am wrapped in a protective aura.”
“The goddesses are watching over you.”
“The goddesses are watching over me.”
“Keep the rhythm steady.”
Prosatio Silban complied, both hands beating a soft tattoo on the tachash-skin drum.
“Now. From wherever you are, look outside.”
His thought-self peered through the window over the preparation-counter.
“What do you see?” Ceta Thuveen asked.
“A crowd of people, queuing up for breakfast.”
“Breakfast?”
“I am seeing potential customers from inside my galleywagon.”
“Ah. Do you see the street?”
“Yes.”
“Now let us introduce the fear-spirit.”
Pain knotted Prosatio Silban’s vitals, then eased. “Again?”
“Yes. You are safe, warm and content. Here comes an ox down the street. The gods will not let that fear-spirit harm you. How do you feel?”
His heart quickened in rhythm with the drum. “Stimulated,” he said. “My heart is pounding. But this time, I do not feel as threatened.”
“Feel those emotions in their fullness. Do not hide. Do not move away.”
His forehead became moist, his hands clammy. But he maintained the drumbeat.
“Remember,” she said. “You are in your safest place. The gods are keeping you from harm. Nothing will hurt you. Nothing can hurt you. No fear-spirit can stand against a godsly triad. Feel that safety, the comfort, and keep the rhythm.”
He took a deep breath, and sighed it out. His heartbeat slowed. The sweat dried on his hands and forehead, and he smiled in earnest.
“It is but a memory now. It cannot harm you,” Ceta Thuveen said. “It has become a part of you. You may and will live with this. The question is, how will you live?”

* * * 

Whistling a tuneless melody, Prosatio Silban deployed his painted menu-board, and did the same with two tables-and-chairs. A brisk business today, he thought. Or so I hope.
He stood by the board in his customary open-faced posture, one hand on hip. The market-street was beginning to fill with morning passersby – a woman with child here, a browsing house-chef there, liveried servants elsewhere, and a porter leading a large ox.
The cook took it all in. What a beautiful animal, he thought, and smiled.



Room: An Amuse-Bouche


“DOESN’T IT MAKE YOU CLAUSTROPHOBIC to cook in such confinement?” asked a visitor to Prosatio Silban’s close-quartered galleywagon.
“Less than you would think,” the beefy cook answered over the chop-chop-chop of mincing lizard-breast. “I actually find that it makes me more focused and disciplined. Sloppiness comes from spreading out – a dirty dish lands here, a crumpled towel there. But when everything has its own cozy and ordered place, and space is at a premium, there is no wasted effort and no wasted time. Economics dictate their own ecologies, and a good cook is economical in both movements and ingredients. And that can’t help but result in a better, tastier meal.”



Love Famine
In which Our Hero evades the advances of a too-eager culinary student.


THE KEEP’S NAME WAS “CASTLE Cautroffs,” after a forgotten ancestor of its original occupant. But Prosatio Silban was to remember it as a test of his tact, delicacy, and personal taste.
The citadel was perched on a high cliff overlooking the Uulian Commonwell’s southwestern coast, about six dayrides west from cosmopolitan Soharis. It anchored the holdings of m’Lord Lakgor Tario, an elderly but still-vital Heir Second overseeing the local Rimless Sea fishing fleet, a light-forested hillscape, and a sprinkling of more-or-less productive tenant-farm villages.
Prosatio Silban had been hired by the noble to instruct his adult daughter in the art and craft of cookery. She was somewhat younger than the beefy cook and possessed of the classic Heir Second bearing. Her soft brown curls reached almost to her waist, and she had the sort of face and proportions about which Uulian poets enjoy rhapsodizing until late in the evening. She fixed piercing grey eyes on her teacher-to-be as her father made polite introductions.
“Master Cook, I am pleased to present to you my heart’s treasure, Perya,” m’Lord Lakgor declared. “She has been courted in vain, and I am eager to better fit her for domestic life. I want her to learn everything she needs to know, from provender preparation through table service. I have dismissed for this moment my kitchen-staff, so that you and she should be undistracted – and that she will not rely on having them about.”
“Of course, m’Lord,” replied Prosatio Silban. Turning to Perya, he made a polite bow. “m’Lady, I await your pleasure as to showing me the kitchen,” he said.
“And I shall enjoy yours, as day turns to night,” she said with a more-than-welcoming smile. “I look forward to placing myself under your capable touch. Follow.”
So saying, she clasped one of his hands in hers and drew him down the corridor leading from the foyer to the kitchen.

* * * 

The first thing Prosatio Silban learned about Perya was that she didn’t know her way around a kitchen. The second thing he learned was that she thought she did.
Even without its scullions and house-cook, the Lakgor kitchen was cozy bordering on snug. Although the Commonwell’s present nobility tended toward lavishness in all things, this one followed an ancient style dictated by frugality and a limited amount of both natural resources and a familial labor-pool. The stove was a four-burner, fatberry-oil affair, a bit smaller than what Prosatio Silban carried in his galleywagon but with an oven roomy enough to roast four large fidget-hens at once. The cook ran a professional eye over the teak preparation-counter, wall-mounted cookware, and well-stocked staple- and spice-pantries.
“I can work here,” he said to Perya, nodding his approval. “Good things happen in this place, in both memory and currency.”
“It is a fine place for making memories,” Perya breathed. “Perhaps we will make some of our own.”
Prosatio Silban swallowed. I shall have to choose my words with more care, he thought. Aloud, he said, “That is, after all, why your father hired me. We will begin with a simple rice-and-vegetable recipe, as it will both take and teach basic skills. Now – from where may I draw water?”
Perya dimpled. “From the water-drawing place, I should think.” She indicated a large wooden cask depending from the ceiling. “This has a spigot; why not try it?”
The cook pointed to the stylized cluster stenciled on the cask’s side. “Fatberry-oil makes a fine medium for lighting, but a poor one for boiling and simmering,” he said. “I see now that you have an indoor spring-pump; it should serve us well. Now, to cook this, we must boil water, measure the rice, chop and pan-fry vegetables and bean curd, make a finishing sauce ...”
Perya giggled. “And you boil water ... how?”
The cook sighed inwardly. More care. Much more care, he thought.

* * * 

“This is how to hold a chop-knife,” Prosatio Silban said. “Watch my hand – see how the thumb and forefinger grip the blade’s base, while the other three fingers grasp the handle? Now you try.”
Without effort, Perya slipped into the cook’s arms and slid her hands down until she was holding his. “Like this?” she asked.
Before Prosatio Silban could disengage from her semi-embrace, m’Lord Lakgor entered the kitchen.
“Aha!” cried the Heir Second. “My daughter has taken a liking to you. Good, good. How is she progressing in her lesson?”
“Er ...” began Prosatio Silban. “She is a bit challenged by her aptitude. But ... ah ... it may be that I am not used to a student showing so much interest in the subject.”
“I have never had such a teacher,” cooed Perya.
“Yes, she is an eager one,” her father said. “She has disapproved of all the suitors I have proposed, though perhaps I have found one suitable after all. Pray proceed.” With that, he left them alone again.
“What will you show me next?” Perya asked, gazing into Prosatio Silban’s eyes. “I am all a-prickle to progress in my lesson.”
“Well. Ah. Good,” said the cook. “Now that you know how to hold the knife, I will show you how to use it ...”
After uncoupling himself, Prosatio Silban chopped his way through two large carrots, a handful of green string-pods, a fragrant shallot, a pair of goats-horn mushrooms and a firm brick of dark egg-bean curd, all under Perya’s appreciative scrutiny. He laid out a variety of small bowls and sorted into them the prepared vegetables.
“This is called the ‘set-in-place,’” he said. “It’s important to have your ingredients in the dishes prior to cooking them. That way, all you need do is tip them into the pan in the order that you want them to cook.”
“I see.” Perya nodded. “Applied heat is very important.”
“Well.” Prosatio Silban swallowed again. Hard. “That is true. One cannot cook ... without it.”
She held his eyes for several loud heartbeats, and reached for the cookware rack.
“Which of these whatsits shall we use for our ... did you call it ‘pan-frying?’” She caressed the handle of a saucepan. “This one is cute. Can we use it?”
“That’s a saucepan. We’ll need that instead to cook the blue rice.”
“Oh. But isn’t it cute?”
“You have a talent for understatement, m’Lady.”
Perya smiled. “That’s not my only talent,” she drawled. “Now. What about that heat you were going to show me?”
Prosatio Silban fetched down a wide iron skillet and proffered to her the saucepan.
“Pray fill this halfway with water so we can start the rice,” he said. “I will oil the skillet for the vegetables.”
“I can think of a better use for the oil,” Perya said, making a great show of bending over to pump water into the saucepan. She reminded him of an attention-seeking puppy, but less charming – and despite her great beauty, not at all to his taste.
The cook selected from the pantry an oil-of-olives bottle, drizzled a bit into the skillet, then placed the skillet on the unlit burner, all the while trying to avoid Perya’s eyes. I don’t know which is more difficult, he thought, an eager student or an obdurate one.
Things became more trying once the rice began to simmer. As they watched the sapphire-colored grains begin to plump, Perya said, “I like to see them swelling into fullness. Don’t you?”
“I ... always enjoy seeing ingredients transform into edibility. There’s a magik about it that can be quite ... stimulating. To the appetite.”
Perya took his hand. “I like stimulation too,” she said.
“Time to tend our vegetables,” Prosatio Silban replied, retrieving his hand. He lit the burner under the oil-slicked skillet and tried not to look at his charge. She couldn’t be more obvious if she stripped naked and covered herself in oil, he said to himself. To Perya he said, “Once this reaches the desired heat, we will first add the shallots and bean curd, then the harder vegetables, then the more delicate.”
“How do you know when the heat is desired?” asked his student.
“Experience. You hold your hand over the skillet and ... ah ... feel the warmth of it.”
“Here is my hand,” she said. “Show me where it’s hottest.” She put her hand in his again, just as her father re-entered the kitchen.
“Well, daughter?” he asked. “What are you learning?”
“All about desired heat, father,” she replied. “He’s a very hands-on sort of tutor.”
Prosatio Silban blushed, but m’Lord Lakgor waved his hand in dismissal.
“You could do worse than my daughter,” the old man said with a knowing smile. “I would not take it amiss to have such a talented son-in-law.”
“I’m gratified by your faith in me, m’Lord,” the cook said.
“Think about it, my son. Well. I shall leave you two to your studies,” the noble said, and exited.
Perya beamed at Prosatio Silban. “Father likes you as much as I do,” she said. “We will go far together.”
Oh, no, the cook thought. We won’t.

* * * 

“... And as you can see, the finishing sauce is nothing more than a bit of vegetable stock, curd-bean extract, toasted oil, sharp vinegar, and molasses-sugar. Mix it well, thicken it with grain-starch, and there you have a meal,” Prosatio Silban said.
Despite Perya’s constant and unnerving innuendo, he had managed to show her how to pan-fry the vegetables over high heat, mix the sauce and add it to the skillet. 
“It’s all over now but the plating,” he said.
“’Plating?’”
“Yes. We take a plate – three, rather – and lay on them a bed – rather, a mound – of rice ...”
“Sounds sensual,” she interjected.
“... cover it with a generous portion of our sauced vegetables, and serve. We took the liberties ...”
“My favorite hobby.”
“... of making enough for three: you, your father, and myself. All we have to do is serve it ...”
“Good service is very important.”
“... and enjoy the results.” Prosatio Silban placed the three laden plates on a silver serving tray, hefted it, and nodded toward the door.
“The dining room is that way?” he asked.
“Yes. And our bedroom – ahem, my bedroom – is just down the hall.”
By the All-Mother, thought the cook. How I long for the solitary peace of my galleywagon.

* * * 

“An excellent meal, Master Cook!” pronounced m’Lord Lakgor, placing his fork on the edge of his empty plate. “Truly, truly exquisite. And my daughter – she has learned well?”
“I have shown her all of which I am capable,” Prosatio Silban replied.
The old man turned to his daughter. “And you now know how to cook this dish, and perhaps also use its principles for variations?”
“Yes, father,” she said. “Master Prosatio has taught me well. The next lesson is in proper washing-up. With your permission, father?” She made to put the plates back on the serving tray.
“By all means, by all means,” the noble said. “Thank you, Master Cook. Your pay will be commensurate to the service you have rendered us. Superb, quite superb. And so, I shall to bed. I will not stand in the way of my daughter’s affections.”
What does that mean? the cook wondered as Perya disappeared with the tray in the direction of the kitchen. He shook out the napkins, folded them loosely, brushed the crumbs off the table, collected the tablecloth, and sighed in triumph.
I did it, he thought. Despite her distasteful attentions, I survived the evening with my honor and virtue intact. Now it’s all over save my wage – which I have earned more today than ever before.
He entered the kitchen, and stopped in his tracks. There, on the waist-high preparation-counter, sat Perya – adorned only in what the Flickering Gods had given her, save the oil of olives covering her slickened and supple curves from neck to foot.
“Come to me, my applier of desired heat,” she snarled with passion.
Prosatio Silban tossed her the wadded-up tablecloth. “Not if you were the last woman in the Commonwell,” he said, and sprinted for the door.
And over everything else, he thought as he ran from the keep, she had to use the good oil.



Circus Bred
In which Our Hero has his moment in the second-oldest of diversions.


IT WASN’T OFTEN THAT PROSATIO Silban sold something he didn’t like to eat in a place he didn’t want to visit, but when one was near-penniless in stony-hearted Tirinbar – that least forgiving of the Three Cities of the Uulian Commonwell – one must be creative.
Through a combination of circumstances, he found himself standing behind a small portable roaster in front of Tirinbar’s Arena of Martial Virtuosity – a fancy name for the stadium devoted to staged battles and other pugnacious sports. Great sums of money were wagered on the combatants, but few of the ancillary proceeds were making their way into the cook’s coin-pouch. At least, so far.
“Fiery nuts!” he called to the unheeding passersby. “Piquant seeds! Spicy kernels! Hot and choice! Crisp and chewy!”
He sighed, and not for the first time that afternoon. If he couldn’t roust a decent amount of coin, and soon, it could mean a vagrancy charge – his galleywagon and dray-beast confiscated, his sterling reputation tarnished. Already, one of the local constabulary was eyeing him with grim appraisal from across the street.
Prosatio Silban’s fearful reverie was broken by the sound of drunken shouting. Two well-dressed men (dark earth-colored kneebreeches and vests, white tunics, tasteful jewelry) were having it out nearby.
“You’re wrong!” cried one. “Potrus Mortarr is a better fighter than Archeo Tiblin, and anybody who says different is an ass’s mouth.”
“You’re an ass’s mouth!” cried the other. “Potrus couldn’t fight his way out of a jute marketing-sack. Archeo is ten for ten this season, and will take this year’s Victory Helm for sure.”
“Damn your eyes!”
“My eyes? Damn yours!”
They began to strike each other, albeit with clumsiness. Prosatio Silban strode over, intending to make peace and mollify the watchful city-guard. He forced himself between the combatants and pried them apart.
“Gentlemen! Gentlemen!” he said. “There’s no reason to fight over this small matter. Leave be your quarrel, and enjoy the Arena’s contests like civilized men.”
“Who are you? “What business is it of yours?”
“I am the one asking you to cease in the Name of Valmasorn the Defender, Whose patronage this place enjoys. Please – by the honor and favor of the god! – desist.”
“Well...” “I suppose...”
Prosatio Silban glanced at the guard – who yawned, shook his head and walked away – then turned his attention to the now-shamefaced quarrelers. “Thank you. Clasp hands and call it done.”
They did, and Potrus Mortarr’s devotee departed grumbling. Archeo Tiblin’s backer addressed the cook.
“You’re not a bad chap,” he said. “Let me buy you a drink.”
“While I am charmed by your offer, I am engaged here in business,” said Prosatio Silban. “If you want to buy something, may I suggest taking these nut packets off my hands?”
The man smiled. “Done.” He examined the cook’s wares. “I’ll buy all of ‘em. What do I owe you?”
“Three in copper apiece; but for the favor you are doing me, two. That’s sixty in copper, or ... let me see ... three in silver for the lot of them.”
“That’s a tad expensive.”
“Not for spiced nuts of this quality,” Prosatio Silban said in his most convincing pitchman’s voice. “They literally cannot be found elsewhere.”
“Well, then. Here.” They made the exchange. “Thank you,” said the cook. “You have just saved me from vagrancy.”
“Then let’s celebrate! I want you to be my guest in the Arena. Ringside seats for the swords demonstration. You can’t beat that with a cudgel!”
Prosatio Silban was not at all interested in the Arena’s goings-on, and he didn’t know anything about his economic savior beyond his pugilistic preferences. But the man had been kind enough to rescue him from potential poverty ...
“I would be honored,” the cook said with a bow.

* * * 

The grey poured-stone bleachers were thronged with boisterous games-goers of every social class. From poor marketplace-porters to the most opulent local nobles, all eyes were fixed on the sandy Arena floor, where a different match was happening in each of three expansive rings. One circle featured an archery competition, with a half-dozen shooters loosing arrows at near-distant hay-bale butts. Another presented a slow pack-lizard joust, as two leather-armored riders tossed what looked like heavy darts at each other as they passed by in opposite directions. The third ring showcased a pair of chainmailed and longsword-wielding warriors circling each other in mutual search of an advantage.
Prosatio Silban and his patron took their seats in the front row on the side closest to the swordfighters, a good double-manheight above the action. The cook raised the corners of his mouth and settled into the cold hard seat.
As if reading his mind, his host – who had introduced himself as Tuptero Baar, a master carpenter by trade – turned toward him. “I can see you’re not familiar with these games,” he said, excited to be sharing his passion. “What can I explain to you?”
“First, how do the contestants avoid inflicting serious injury on each other? If they do, that is.”
“That is by design. Only the arrows are sharp enough to cause harm, but as you can see, the archers are shooting at the butts and away from the other rings. The lizard-jousters are trying to stick each other in the chest as much as they can. Other anatomical targets are out of bounds, and the darts themselves have short tips that don’t penetrate the thick armor. As for the swordfighters, their weapons are heavy enough to mimic real ones but blunt enough to obviate any appreciable damage. Also, not all of these competitors are unskilled. Many hail from the ranks of the city guards, others from the Commonwell soldiery. They train for years in order to participate in these twice-annual games, in hopes of winning a heavy purse.”
“Do amateurs ever compete?”
“Oh yes! A few have a taste and skill for simulated mayhem, but most are petty convicts seeking to shake off their fine or indenture. Also, some are chosen at need or whim from the watching crowd. Those bouts can be the most entertaining. I’ll show you.”
As if on cue, the larger of the swordsmen feinted low, provoking his challenger into a false thrust before striking him soundly on the helmet and driving him to his knees. “Game!” the victor cried, and removed his own helmet, revealing a scarred face and broken nose. “Who will fight me now? Who of you is man enough to take his place in Valmasorn’s sacred ring?”
“Over here!” Tuptero Baar shouted. “I nominate Prosatio Silban!”
The cook blanched and tried to shrink back into his seat. But the surrounding crowd took up the chant: “Prosatio Silban! Prosatio Silban! Prosatio Silban!”
“I’ve never wielded a sword in my life – not even a blunt one,” Prosatio Silban tried to explain, but his voice was lost in the swirl of enthusiastic noise. He felt a hand on his shoulder; it belonged to a Rainbow Robe-clad Sacreant who bent down to his ear.
“Come with me,” he shouted. “We’ll get you equipped.”
“But— but –” the cook sputtered. The spectators laughed, eager to see fresh meat flung to the wolves. Prosatio Silban cast a dark look back at the grinning Tuptero Baar.
The Sacreant raised his hands for silence. “There will be a ten-minute recess for the melee ring,” he shouted. “Meanwhile, please feel free to order refreshments from the wandering victualers.”

* * * 

The chainmail was tight, but not uncomfortably so; what was uncomfortable was Prosatio Silban’s dread of his impending humiliation. I don’t know anything of the ways of war, he thought. How am I supposed to acquit myself?
He was inside the Arena’s encompassing superstructure: a warren of dressing- and storage-rooms, cages, musty smells, and dark passageways. It was cool and quiet; a welcome counterpoint to the hot and noisy spectacle unfolding just outside the inner gate.
“Remember,” the Sacreant told him. “This stadium is holy to Valmasorn. What you do here honors the god Whose place this is. Do your best, fight well, and no one will be ashamed.”
The cook managed a feeble smile. Except me, he thought.
After a bit of deliberation, he selected a buckler and rapier from a well-laden weapons rack. These are light arms; perhaps I won’t tire so easily. And anyway, they may help with my retreat.
The Sacreant capped Prosatio Silban with an openwork helmet – At least I can breathe! – pointed him in the direction of the warriors’ entrance, and clapped him twice on the back. The cook took a deep breath and trudged forward.
Sunlight blinded him as he entered the open air and stepped into the appropriate ring. His massive rival held a two-handed sword in one gauntleted fist, and flashed a savage grin. “Come meet your destiny,” he told the cook, and donned his own, spiked helmet.
“Here are the rules,” the Sacreant proclaimed. “Strikes are valid from the whole blade, both tip and edge. No strikes between the belt and the knees. Every other touch is valid. Each of the three bouts will last for five minutes, or until one of you scores three touches on any of the other’s target areas. Between-bout rest is one minute. Winner takes five in gold. Questions?”
It was an exorbitant prize – about a month’s soldiering pay. Prosatio Silban opened his mouth to protest his situation, then thought better of it. “No,” he said.
“Good,” replied the Sacreant. “Cross swords, and begin on my mark.”
The cook raised his sword. His adversary did the same. Both blades touched at mid-length.
“Ready?” asked the Sacreant.
The competitors nodded assent.
“Then fight!” the Sacreant cried, and stepped out of the way.
Prosatio Silban’s foe slapped away the cook’s blade and struck him on his helmet’s peak. The cook winced but stood steady.
“That’s one for Archeo Tiblin,” the Sacreant said. “Cross blades again and wait for my mark.”
I wonder who my host hopes will win? the cook thought as his sword again touched Archeo Tiblin’s.
“Ready?”
“Yes.” “Aye.”
“Fight!”
This time Prosatio Silban was ready for Archeo Tiblin’s slap-attack, and raised his buckler in defense. However, his opponent thrust from below the small shield and struck the cook square in the chest.
“Two for Archeo Tiblin,” said the Sacreant. The crowd began to boo and jeer the cook. “He fights like my mother!” “I’ve seen better defenses in minor-trials court!” “Does he even know how to handle that sword?”
Prosatio Silban gritted his teeth and crossed swords again.
“Ready?” 
“Again, yes.” “And aye!”
“Fight!”
Prosatio Silban lowered his sword and shield. “May we discuss this?” he asked in as reasonable a manner as possible.
“Talk won’t win the bout,” Archeo Tiblin replied, and lunged. The cook blocked his thrust with the buckler and swiped his own rapier at the space his antagonist had occupied a full second ago. The veteran fighter brought his sword up and around Prosatio Silban’s defense to land with the flat of the blade on the cook’s back.
“Three and bout!” the Sacreant cried. “One minutes’ rest.” The crowd cheered their hero.
Prosatio Silban retreated to the edge of the ring furthest from his challenger, turned his back, closed his eyes, and bowed his head. “O Valmasorn the Defender; and Your brother Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt; please hear my plea and grant my boon,” he whispered. “I cannot hope to defeat or even defend against this man without Your help. Touch me with Your might, that I not bring upon both of You dishonor and shame, and I will publicize Your mercies wherever I recount this story. This I affirm.”
The cook waited for several heartbeats, but nothing seemed to suggest to him that his prayer had been heard – much less answered. He turned to face his opponent, who was regarding him with amusement.
“I know just how I’m going to spend this prize,” Archeo Tiblin gloated.
Prosatio Silban met his gaze and smiled a caged-animal smile. “Don’t go squandering it just yet,” he said.
“Cross swords,” said the Sacreant. “And ... fight!”
The pair circled each other, neither finding an obvious advantage. With a fierce cry, Archeo Tiblin slashed at Prosatio Silban, who ducked just in time to avoid the powerful blow. The cook made a few respectable stabs of his own, to no avail; his valorous attempts were either parried or fell wide of the mark. But Archeo Tiblin did no better. His mightiest thrusts and most vigorous cuts failed to land. The cook sighed with relief as the Sacreant called time.
“Second bout ends in a draw,” he cried. “One minute’s rest.” The crowd muttered in confusion.
This time, Prosatio Silban spent the respite washing out his mouth with a proffered tankard of water before taking from it a long quaff. At least I’m not losing too badly, he reflected. I guess a little prayer can be helpful ... unless I’m somehow getting the hang of this business.
He sought in vain the sizeable throng for at least a glimpse of his host’s face, and was surprised to see that many of the other rings’ audiences had left their seats to see what was going on in the swordsmen’s circle. Even the other contestants were watching. A few were even cheering him on.
The Sacreant viewed the new- arrived spectators with a cheerful face. “This is why we have these games,” he told the duelists. “It honors the god to raise such an eager audience. Let’s make this last bout one for the scrolls. You both know the routine.”
The pair crossed swords once again.
“Fight!”
Archeo Tiblin spread his arms wide. “I am defenseless,” he said with a deceitful smirk.
Prosatio Silban hesitated. “No, you’re not.”
As if to underscore his sincerity, the veteran fighter turned his back on the cook. 
“Yes,” he said. “I am.”
Prosatio Silban raised his rapier and buckler. The audience moaned its disapproval; several attendees catcalled the competitors, while others shouted rude suggestions not suitable for recounting in a tale of this sort.
The cook took a step forward, and the spectators quieted a bit. He took another.
Just then, rain began to pelt the assembled masses. Though the sky was clear and free of clouds, the unexpected downpour commenced to soak the retreating crowd and turn the arena’s sandy floor into a quagmire. Archeo Tiblin turned back to face Prosatio Silban.
“I suppose the Flickering Gods are against us today,” the fighter said with a rueful grin. “Perhaps another time ...?”
“I am willing to stick it out now if you are,” replied the cook, and bowed. “Shall we continue?”
“No!” cried the Sacreant. “Only the reckless fight in a storm, and Valmasorn and his acolytes frown on unwitnessed desperation. The match is called due to an act of the gods, and by the laws of the god of this place, you both forfeit the purse. Thank you for the game, gentlemen.”

* * * 

Prosatio Silban wiped the sweat from his forehead and clucked to his dray-beast. The pair were lumbering west, away from Tirinbar and through its stark surrounding terrain of jagged boulders, thorny scrub, and dangerous-looking succulents. With luck, three days’ journey would take them into friendlier lands. The cook had managed to procure with part of his hot-nut proceeds a good quantity of overpriced fatberry-cakes for Onward and was looking forward to an event-free passage homeward.
“Master Cook!” called a voice from behind him. “Hold for a moment!”
Prosatio Silban reined his progress to a halt. A familiar figure on horseback trotted into view.
“Tuptero Baar,” the cook said with a weary sigh. “I never expected to lay eyes on you again. What has you following me so far from your native Tirinbar, and on such a hot morning?”
“I wanted to apologize for the cruel mischief I played you. My only motivation was to repay you for plying me with your expensive snacks. I wanted to get my money’s worth, but it was an improper trick for one of my standing. Here.”
Tuptero Baar tossed over a small leather pouch which jingled when Prosatio Silban caught it. He cast the carpenter a quizzical look.
“It is the least I can do for your trouble,” said his host. “We men of Tirinbar have a deserved reputation for hard-heartedness. But we are also fair. I did not want you to leave with a false impression.”
“Thank you. I will certainly put this to good use.”
“Do you think you will ever return to our mountainside city?”
“Perhaps,” Prosatio Silban said with a smile, “I can now.”



Midnight Invader
In which Our Hero engages a close-quarters adversary.


THERE ARE FEW SITUATIONS AS disquieting as falling awake in the middle of the night convinced you’ve heard an intrusive sound, but with no other evidence to back such an urgency.
Prosatio Silban lay still in his galleywagon’s sleeping-berth, listening to his own breathing. He could have sworn there was something that oughtn’t be. But try though he might, he could hear neither a scratch of mouse-paws nor the enthusiastic mastication of a meat-seeking voonith.
Two potential wilderness culprits eliminated, he thought. But why, then, am I awake?
The cook had been involved in a vivid dream, engaged in some sort of culinary contest which consisted, in part, of stuffing five handsful of flour into a one-handful sack. But now he was awake, his heart a thudding trip-hammer.
He took a deep breath, then another, and his runaway organ began to slow. When it had attained its usual measured pace, he sat up and struck a match. He touched it to a ceiling-mounted fatberry-oil lamp, its flame casting shadows here and there, but he could see no intruder. Perhaps it’s not in the sleeping berth, whatever it is – or was. At any rate, a hot cup of yava and a snack would not go amiss at this hour.
He rolled out of the berth, parted the black silk curtain separating it from the rest of the galleywagon, smoothed his sleeping-robe, and padded barefoot across the ornate braided rug to his pantry. Soon, water was bubbling in a teapot, and the warm fragrance of bittersweet mint filled the galleywagon’s interior.
Prosatio Silban swung down the dining-counter from its stowage between pantry and coldbox and deployed a lacquered folding chair. He selected from the pantry a packet of salty-sweet egg-curd crisps, poured a cup of yava which he set on the counter, opened the packet and sat down with a happy sigh.
What could it have been? he asked himself, munching on a crisp. I know I didn’t wake up without reason – that’s not like me. It must have been a reaction to an external but forgotten stimulus. Perhaps if it will make itself known –
A sharp aerial buzz cut through his meditations as a black-and-yellow flicker spiraled down to investigate the crisps.
Oho, thought the cook. There will be no sleeping tonight unless and until battle is joined. This calls for a steady eye and a swift hand – and no remorse.
He arose from the chair and reached for the small stack of paper reportage-bulletins he had bought two days ago before leaving cosmopolitan Soharis. Their contents fully browsed, they awaited their secondary office as fried-food wrappers and kindling – and now, as a weapon in humanity’s oldest struggle. He rolled them into a tight cylinder and waited a chance to strike.
The wasp, unconcerned, made a series of frantic circles around the open packet of crisps, landed, and began to feast. Prosatio Silban waited until his enemy was in the perfect position, raised his arm, and struck with all his might.
Broken crisps scattered everywhere: across the table, on the floor, behind the pantry, underfoot. The cook dropped his makeshift bludgeon and dove for the wire-handled swatter dangling next to the stove. He came up flailing, but caught no sight of his tiny adversary either living or dead.
A droning overhead! The wasp advanced on him; the cook swatted it in mid-air, but only succeeded in pushing it out of view.
Silence.
Prosatio Silban cast purposeful glances around the familiar space, seeking his diminutive foe. But the winged invader was nowhere to be seen.
If this were a bee, there would be no problem, he thought. I have a treaty with the Bee People: I rescue them from drowning and other imminent deaths, and they don’t sting me. However, wasps are the recalcitrants of the insect world.
A buzz sounded just next to his right ear. Ducking, he raised the swatter and tried to hide behind it. As if assessing its advantage, the wasp hovered among the utensils and ingredients depending from the galleywagon’s ceiling, then alit on a thick wheel of jute-slung goat-cheese.
It’s laughing at me. And I don’t blame it – a forty-something-old man cowering in his home from an infinitesimal interloper. Quite the sight. Well, nothing ventured ...
He reached back with the swatter, bent his wrist for maximum striking power, and attacked. The cheese fell from the hook on which it had been hanging, taking with it two saucepans and a shallow skillet. The latter grazed the side of the cook’s head, bounced off his left instep, and clattered to the floor.
!!!!! he thought, grabbing the injured appendage and hopping on his other foot. Is it broken? Is it bleeding? Do I need a physician at this ungodsly hour?
Eyes red with pain and rage, he examined his foot, wiggled it experimentally, then supported himself on it with great delicacy. It moves. It aches, it’s bruised, but it moves. And I can stand on it. The damage can’t be all that bad. Oh, by Alasdori, Patron of Household Combat – help me to settle accounts with this minuscule monster!
Prosatio Silban sought in vain his nemesis’ broken body. He made to pick up the cheese; an angry hum tickled his left ear. He hobbled as fast as he could toward his berth, waving his arms in the air, and the hum diminished. He stopped, turned around, raised the swatter and advanced on his foe.
The wasp was still flittering among the overhead objects, then landed on one pane of the glowing fatberry-oil lamp over the stove. It beat its wings twice then settled itself as though it were a light-tropic moth.
Could the answer be that simple? the cook thought. He doused the lamp above the berth and waited. The wasp didn’t move. Two to go.
Prosatio Silban moved with glacial deliberation and snuffed the lamp over the preparation-counter, leaving lit the one mounted above the stove. Still his quarry did not stir. He waved the swatter in its direction, and it flew in great circles around the doorward part of the galleywagon before alighting on the wall above the stove. The cook slid forward, keeping the swatter between him and his prey, and extended his arm to the door. He unlatched and by degrees opened it, the top half swinging further ajar than the bottom.
The wasp responded by flying frantic circles between the lamp and the berth; Prosatio Silban unmounted the stove-lamp and carried it in raised hand outside. The cool spring night refreshed him, and the double moons-light revealed soft low hills, the hard dirt road winding between them, and occasional outcroppings of glinting bluerock. A stone-hound howled somewhere in the distance.
He waited, but the wasp was uninterested in the luminous target. I am a patient man, but even my patience has limits. Leave! Leave, damn your prismatic eyes! Leave!
The wasp approached in a tight spiral. The cook stood his ground, ready to spring either aside or into action. The buzzing trespasser zizzed toward his head, circled the lamp once, then departed for the distant hills.
Prosatio Silban sighed. And so, he thought, to bed.



Familiar Spirit
In which Our Hero resolves a stormy relationship.


WHEN VISITING YOUR BOYHOOD HOME after the passage of too many years, it’s natural that it should seem quite a bit smaller than last you saw it.
But aside from towering over the landscape, Prosatio Silban was amazed by how little Bustan had changed: the same thatched creekside huts, the same arched stone bridge, the same goat-browsed village common, the same ivy-covered inn.
I should get back here more often, he thought. But I know I won’t.
The Cook For Any Price brought his galleywagon to a halt in front of the Inn of Four Wishes, a squat but rambling structure in the style usual to most mid-class public-houses in the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell, with its half-timbered walls, slate roof, lozenge-paned windows, and eager stableboy waiting to take the reins.
Inside was the typical controlled chaos of any ale-lubricated meeting place – men shouting for drink; a young girl turning a hearth-mounted spit burdened with capons; another ladling fragrant stew out of an enormous fireside stockpot; stout tenant farmers at oak plank-tables, conversing about weather and “the prospects;” and the familiar, behind-the-bar face of Trento Ilvad, pouring foaming golden liquid from a ceramic cask into a gaggle of tray-borne mugs and glancing up in wonder.
“Master Prosatio!” the innkeeper bellowed above the raucous din. “It has been a time! Permit me to dispatch these drinks ...”
He handed the tray to one of the serving-maids, then bustled around the massive mahogany bar to encircle Prosatio Silban with a fierce grip. “Let me look at you! How long has it been?”
The cook returned the hug, clapping Trento Ilvad on the back before releasing him. “Too long,” he said with a grin. “It is good to see you too, my old friend. How are my parents?”
A dark expression crossed the innkeeper’s face. “Your mother is well, may the Flickering Gods keep her so,” he said.
“And my father?” 
Trento Ilvad squeezed Prosatio Silban’s shoulders and looked away. “You should first speak to your mother. Please – don’t ask me again.”

* * * 

Like any parents anywhere, Uulian mothers and fathers of low estate wanted little else than improved circumstances for their offspring. This meant ‘prenticing them further up the Commonwell’s five-rung social ladder. At the inaccessible top stood the First Heirs – senior lineal descendants of the Three Cities’ founders – and Heirs Second, whose latter occupations were managing and advancing their holdings (often with great intrigue) as well as overseeing Uulian society, customs, and fashions.
Beneath the land-owning Inheritors resided three fluid classes of the Gentry, those who profited from others’ labor; Freehanders, who worked for themselves; and the multitudinous Folk, who toiled for all the classes above them. Among the Gentry were trusted Heir Second retainers; wealthy merchants; and Sacreants, servitors of the Flickering Gods, who administer and regulate law, medicine, commerce, and all the other establishments which make whole a civilization.
Unfortunately, social climbing is not without its casualties. Such was the case with Prosatio Silban, the youngest of three from the family headed by Prosatio Brior. “One to the nobles, one to the merchantry, and one to holy office,” the proud father would say to any who asked about his children. Prosatio Silban’s sister and brother had flourished in their new situations as governess and clerk; he, however, had left the Sacreanthood more than a quarter-century gone for reasons that his father neither understood nor accepted.
“A traveling cook!? What kind of life is that?” the old man had chastised his son at their last reunion. “You cannot give up on my dreams for you, after I’ve worked so hard to provide for your future. You dishonor me with your disobedience.”
“What about my dreams?” Prosatio Silban had countered. “Surely you don’t want me to dishonor myself by acting the hypocrite. That’s what I’d be, if I continued wearing the Rainbow Robe. I’d rather bring happiness to people in my own way than disgrace myself – and, by extension, you.”
With that, the erstwhile holyman had left Bustan for a long road – and longer years.

* * * 

As with the village, the Prosatio family homestead also looked much the same. The whitewashed barn and modest tenant-farmhouse were in tidy repair, the asquatta fields were a rich green, and the milch-goats bleated a loud welcome as Prosatio Silban drove his galleywagon into the well-kept yard. He didn’t see his father about, but his mother, Gali, was all kisses and warm embraces as he stepped down from the driver’s bench.
“Thank the All-Mother you’re here, my son,” the old woman said. “If only the Flickering Gods had sped you the faster ...”
The cook grasped his mother’s shoulders and peered into her face. “Matra? Where is Patra?”
She sighed. “In the Pure City, my son.”
The words were a kick to Prosatio Silban’s gut. He gasped.
“He’s dead? When ...? How ...?”
“Two weeks ago. He was trying to shoe one of the draft-zebras when it kicked him in the head. He did not linger, thank the All-Limiter. Your brother and sister attended the pyre. But they’ve left, and I can’t get used to ...” Her voice melted into sobs.
“Oh Matra,” the cook said, holding her close. “Matra, I was hoping to surprise you and Patra with a visit, perhaps effect with him a reconciliation. But now ...”
Gali blotted her tears with one sleeve of her shift. “He would have welcomed it. The years had mellowed him somewhat. He never stopped regretting the harsh words he spoke to you at your last meeting.”
“I’ve also often thought of that day, and not with joy. Natheless, I’d like to think we could have squared our differences.”
“I’m sure you would have. But you cannot speak to him now.”
“No, I cannot. But I know someone who can.”

* * * 

Searching for an enchanter is not an easy task, especially in the magik-wary Commonwell where most people shy away from any weirding that doesn’t originate with their gods. Fortunately, Prosatio Silban had a connection to the sorcerous demimonde through a previous client.
He had once encountered the enchantress begging outside one of the great island-city’s four opulent marketplaces, tucked between a perfumer’s stall and an incense shop, not far from Pormaris’ greedy dockside funeral-pyres. As he hoped, she was still there – sitting with her back to a grey poured-stone wall, dressed in once-lavish maroon rags, with a dirty bandage over her eyes and a dented metal cup in one hand. She turned her head in Prosatio Silban’s direction, but said nothing as he approached. He bent down until his mouth was close to her ear.
“I need to speak to my father,” he explained without preamble.
“I cannot help you,” she replied.
“He is in the Pure City.”
A pause. “Perhaps I can help you,” she said. “Put a coin in my cup and we shall see what we shall see.”
Prosatio Silban fished in his pouch, produced a small copper disc, and dropped it into her cup with a musical tinkle. The mercantile scene dissolved into sparks of dancing light.
They were now sitting on oubaq-leather chairs in the middle of a drapery-hung parlor redolent of old roses. Gilt-framed paintings thick with figures and scenes both peculiar and inexplicable decorated the five walls. The beggaress looked a beggaress no longer, but a wizened crone in dark red robes, her eye-bandages replaced by an expression of sharp attentiveness. Curled on her lap was a handsome brown tabby with white gloves and boots. One golden feline eye regarded him with quiet gravity; its mate was milky and appeared to be sightless.
“That’s better,” the crone said with a happy sigh. “Beggary makes a good disguise, and one that lets me survey the daily doings of the Commonwell’s thriving populace. But it can also be rather itchy. Well. I do remember you. The ‘Cook For Any Price,’ isn’t it? How may I serve you – and can you meet my price?”
Prosatio Silban smiled a fellow-conspirator’s smile. “My mission is one of urgency,” he said. “I am at present not very moneyed, but I do have other talents and resources which may be considered tradeful. What are your terms?”
“My fee will be contingent upon making successful contact with your decedent. It may be easier than you think, or less so; I shall charge accordingly. The banquet you once provided me spoke well of your skills and ingenuity. Whatever the outcome, I promise that you will be able to afford it.”
“Fair enough.”
The enchantress indicated the cat. “This is Germ,” she said. “As he is wiser than I in many ways, he will be our conductor on this soul-journey.”
She lifted Germ from her lap and deposited him on the flagstone floor, then took a large piece of blue chalk and enclosed the cat within a careful circle. She stood up, brushing chalk-dust from her fingers, and commenced to chant in a language Prosatio Silban had never heard before. As the cadences rose and fell, Germ’s filmed-over eye began to glow with the intense blue of an evening star.
What now? thought the cook.
The crone’s chanting ceased. “Speak, spirit, speak,” she whispered. “Tell us what you alone know.”
Germ’s mouth opened wide, showing clean white teeth. Prosatio Silban expected a purr or meow, but was startled instead to hear his father’s unmistakable voice.
“Son, o son,” the cat said in perfect mimicry of Prosatio Brior. “Why do you trouble the quiet dead?”
“Patra?” Is that you?” asked the cook.
“It was me. Now I am the spirit of a memory.”
“I do not mean to disturb your rest, sir. But I would have long-sought words with you – in place of those we last spoke.”
“I am listening.”
“Patra. What did you want for me?”
“That you would rise above your low estate and become something ... more. Nothing else.”
“But I have done. I enjoy a livelihood which brings pleasure to all I encounter, that lets me set my own hours, and makes me dependent on no one save eager and grateful customers. It poses its occasional challenges, but that is true of anyone’s life. I am quite content.”
“That was all I could ever have asked of you.”
“Then why were you so hard on me? On my dreams?”
“I had to be. Dreams are insubstantial. Life is hard on a person. And if he is not equally hard he will not long survive.”
“That I have also come to learn. In many ways, we are alike.”
“Son?”
“Yes, Patra?”
“You are looking well. Please continue to flourish.”
Prosatio Silban’s voice caught. “Thank you, Patra.”
“I love you, son.”
“I ... love you too.”
The cat’s mouth closed; its glowing eye faded back into milkiness. The cook realized his cheeks were wet.
A deep silence stretched for some heartbeats, then – “Does that conclude our business?” asked the enchantress.
“It does,” murmured Prosatio Silban. “Thank you.”
“My privilege. It is good to help familial reconciliations,” she said. “I shall name my price now.”
The cook sighed. “And it is?”
“Continue to flourish,” said the enchantress. “And when next I need you – pray come when I call.”



Sick Call
In which Our Hero is ministered to by an adoring neighbor.


SOMETIMES, EVEN THE IDEA OF rolling out of bed can be too painful for words.
Prosatio Silban was sick. He wasn’t quite sure with what, but the symptoms were plain: congested head and chest, sore throat, joint- and head-ache, cough, chills, and sweaty fever. There was something going around the Commonwell – then again, there was always something going around the Commonwell – and while he had taken all the expected precautions against infection, still, there he was. Sick.
O Angrim, Lord of Time, he prayed from his damp sleeping-berth. Please – extend Your stark fist in my direction. And soon.
Beseeching the All-Limiter for death did not come easy to the Cook For Any Price, so he followed this half-hearted supplication with one more sincere: O Galien, Lady of Life and All-Mother; Calman, God of Necessary Unpleasantness; and Hegwain, Patroness of Affordable Cures; hear my plea and grant my boon. Look with mercy upon Your suffering children, of which I am now one. Restore to me my usual bright vigor, and –
Knock-knock. Knock.
“Come in,” Prosatio Silban croaked.
After a pause, the knock was repeated. Grumbling, the cook sat up and swung his legs to the floor. He wove a path to the galleywagon door, unlatched its top half and opened to an older-but-not-elderly woman. She was clad in rustic earth-tones, and concern darkened her otherwise warm brown eyes. She had been his affable if temporary neighbor in epicurean Pormaris’ South Marketplace for the past few days – an egg-seller from a village near the city. (What was her name? Abmellia ... what? A widow, yes?) The years had etched her comely face with wisdom and laughter, and he enjoyed their easy amity. But now he just wanted to creep back to bed.
“Master Cook!” she exclaimed. “I was worried when I didn’t see you set out your menu-board. Is everything alright?”
Prosatio Silban turned away his head and coughed. “No,” he said. “Seem to have caught whatever is going around. Pray leave me be so you don’t catch it too.”
She shook her head. “Not at all,” she said. “I have not lived out my many fruitful years by succumbing to every little illness that happens by. I shall take care of you.”
The cook groaned. “No, please. I can manage. Don’t want to put you out.”
“But you can barely stand!”
“I have a walking-stick...”
“Bosh! You need looking after, and no mistake. And so does your restive dray-beast. He is hungry, and you are in no condition to attend him. Where do you keep his fodder?”
With a deep, cough-punctuated sigh, Prosatio Silban surrendered. “Under the driver’s bench. Sack of fatberry-cakes. (cough) He likes three for his breakfast, one for lunch, two for dinner. (cough) And a kind word at each meal. (cough) Thank you.”
“Of course. Now back to bed with you! Unlatch the bottom door so that I may tend you in a moment, too.”
The cook complied with a nod, shuffled across the ornate braided rug to his berth, and sank into the parrot-down mattress. It is good to have friends, even of the transitory variety, he thought, and slipped into fitful sleep.

* * * 

He awoke to a pungent smell – not unfamiliar, but neither one that he could identify. And it was not pleasant.
“You’re awake,” said the woman (what was her name?). She pointed with a wooden spoon at a steaming pot on the fatberry-oil stove. “Medicine. My own invention, but guaranteed to cure a fevered cough. As that’s what most ails you, that’s what we’ll attend first.”
Prosatio Silban made soft sounds of protest as she dipped a ladle into the pot and filled a large ceramic mug. “Please ... (cough) ... I just need rest.”
“You need that also,” she retorted. “But take this first.”
As she approached, the odor – garlic? Vinegar? Ginger? Old shoes? – grew stronger, as did his apprehension. She had set up the folding night-table next to his berth, and placed on it the brimming cup. “Inhaling the vapor is good for unblocking the nasal cavities, but you must also drink it for the full fever- and cough-suppressing effect. Here we go ...”
She held the cup to his unwilling lips, and once again he acquiesced to her good intentions. The brew tasted better than it smelled, but not by much. Guided by her ministering hand, he managed to quaff a good quantity before his head dropped back on the sweat-stained pillow.
“If you don’t mind my saying so, Master Cook, your bedclothes could do with a cleaning. Perhaps once your fever breaks and you can sit up, I could ...?”
He looked at her through slitted eyes. “Why so considerate?” he asked.
Her face creased with kindness. “The Flickering Gods bid us look after each other so that They needn’t,” she said, smiling. “Besides – with my husband gone and my children seeking their respective fortunes, it is good to care for someone again. Now here! drink the rest of this cup. It should help you feel better, and soon.”

* * * 

An hour later, try as he might, Prosatio Silban couldn’t smell a thing.
Did my nasal passages open too wide? he wondered. Sitting up, he looked around but saw no sign of the woman (her name!). The almost-empty cup was still on the bedside table, and he raised it to his nostrils.
Nothing.
This can’t be good, he thought. I need my nose to earn a living! How can I tell when food is fully cooked, or about to burn? Abmellia – if that is your name! What have you done to me?
The door opened. “You’re sitting up,” she said with approval. “That’s a good sign.”
“I can’t smell anything!” he replied. “And that’s not a good sign.”
She frowned. “I must have made too strong a dose,” she said. “I’ll see what I can do.” She bustled about, unpacking vials and bottles from the wicker basket she was carrying and placing them on his preparation-counter.
“It is an easy-to-fix side effect,” she said as she emptied a few of the containers into a saucepan, lit the burner beneath it, and stirred. “Just you wait, and all will be well.”
Soon, the pot was a-simmer with something that gave off thick clouds of purple steam. She mumbled in a language Prosatio Silban couldn’t catch, gave a final stir, eyed the result, nodded, and dipped into the saucepan a generous square of thick white gauze. “There we are,” Abmellia said (it was Abmellia! Abmellia Drroz!). “Lift up your shirt. This is destined for your chest.”
“What is it?” he asked, suspicion coloring his voice.
“A medicinal plaster. It will calm your lungs and restore your olfactory sense. But it’s only effective while still warm.”
So saying, she bent over and applied the lavender gauze to his hairless chest. The warmth was soothing; but was she caressing him as she sealed the fabric’s edges? He couldn’t quite tell, but her eyes had a faraway look.
“This will take care of you,” she whispered. “And so will I.”
There was an awkward pause. “Miz Abmellia?” he asked.
“Yes?”
“I think it’s in place.”
She blushed, and removed her hand. “It is, isn’t it?” she said, rising. “There. I’ll return with a remedy for your head-ache.”

* * * 

This time, it was his hearing.
“Hello? HELLO!” Prosatio Silban cried, but heard neither outer shout nor inner echo. What is going on? he thought. The plaster has healed my cough, but beclouded my ears. She must have at least one medicine without noxious byproducts.
The door opened, and Abmellia Drroz approached with a kind smile. Her lips moved, but revealed no sound, so he tapped his ear with one hand. “I can’t hear you,” he said, with gods-knew-how-much fervency. “Help me, please.”
A shadow of worry passed over her face, and she fished in her basket. Holding up a small ceramic vial, she mimed drinking it, then handed it to him. He uncorked the top and gave an experimental sniff. Crushed banana peels and lilacs? he thought, putting the vial to his lips with a silent appeal to Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt. The slippery liquid tasted as bad as it smelled, but stronger, and only with a manful effort did he refrain from gagging.
By degrees, the local soundscape seeped through to him – bright hawkers’ cries, heated haggling, even water dripping on dishes in the sink – and his headache had drained out of him. “Better?” Abmellia asked, taking his hand.
“Much,” he said.
She dimpled and held up an octagonal glass jar containing a waxy orange substance. “If you’ll allow me, I have an unguent for your joint-ache. Its warmth is wonderful. Would you like me to rub it on you?”
Prosatio Silban’s breath caught. “That is a bit more intimate than makes me comfortable,” he said. “Besides, I could use the stretching, however limited.”
“Are you sure? Can you reach all of your places?”
“Yes. All which ache, anyway. But I do appreciate your benevolence.”
There was the faraway look again, this time tempered with mild disappointment. “Well,” she said, producing from her basket a little hand-bell. “If you do need any more help, just ring this.”
“I will. Thank you.”
She held his eyes for a heartbeat, then turned to depart. When she had closed the door behind her, he sighed. Is it just me, or ...? he thought, and shook his head.
The unguent was the most fragrant so far of Abmellia’s home remedies, smelling strongly of blue-mint, eucalyptus, sweetbark, and something nameless. It warmed as advertised, lulling him into a comfortable torpor. The healing heat thawed his pain-frozen joints, then became more intense – and more intense still. All at once, the sensation resolved into a maddening itch all over his body. He gasped and reached for the bell.
“Abmellia! Miz Abmellia! Help!” he yelled over the ringing. “Help me!”
The door swung open, and Abmellia rushed to his side. “By the All-Mother!” she said. “You must think me an incompetent monkey. Here, I have just the thing.” Taking from her ever-present basket a soft metal tube, she squirted a scarlet, kerosene-smelling ointment into one hand and rubbed it against the other.
“This will take immediate hold,” she said, covering first his twitching back, then his convulsing chest and belly, and finally his trembling legs. Her hands glided over his skin, soothing the itch but leaving crimson flesh in their wake.
“My goodness,” she said, wiping her hands on her apron. “I have never seen anyone react to home remedies the way you have. It must be my fault. I am so sorry! If you’ll permit me” – here she offered two large green pills from a twist of paper – “this should at last put these strange symptoms to rest. Let me get you a tumbler of water?”
She returned with a brimming earthenware vessel; he took it from her, swallowed the pills, and returned the tumbler. As their hands met she smiled, lowered the vessel, looked into his eyes and kissed him full on the mouth.
It’s not just me, Prosatio Silban thought. Oh, dear. He disengaged and spoke with gentleness.
“Abmellia Drroz, we need to speak.”
Her eyes dropped. “Nothing good ever follows those four words,” she said.
“I hope this conversation puts those fears to rest,” he said. “I have enjoyed our comfortable camaraderie over the past few days, even before you became my well-intentioned nursemaid. While I am both flattered and tempted by your kiss, mine is an itinerant life. And I like it that way.”
She sat down on his berth, still looking at the floor. “Is there no room in your heart for a companion? I have been so lonely since my husband died and my children left, that I ... that I ...”
“Please – don’t cry,” he said. “I am fond of you, and grateful for your help, but I also know how this story ends. Perhaps your tender care for me awakened feelings that were better left undisturbed? And perhaps it is not me with whom you have fallen in love, but rather, with the idea of taking care of someone again?”
They sat together for a long moment, then she raised her eyes to his. “Perhaps,” she said. “Perhaps so. I am so unused to caretaking that I confused that for love. I am so sorry.”
He smiled. “No apology is necessary,” he said. “I ought to have been more clear about my way of life. But the sickness interfered with that, and so we are here. May I see you when next my travels wind this way, whenever that is? I would enjoy that.”
“So would I,” she said, and smiled back. “Until then ...?”
He squeezed her hand. “Until then,” he said.



Profound Breakfast
In which Our Hero soothes a perplexed soul.


IN ALL THE UULIAN COMMONWELL, there were none so pious as the villagers of Imperny. And yet, even within that island of serene certitude, Prosatio Silban found a disturbed soul.
The mercenary cook had parked his galleywagon a-purpose, on the edge of Imperny’s market square closest to the local shrine. But despite the morning bustle, his COOK FOR ANY PRICE banner had attracted only one breakfast customer — a serious young man in an orange robe who had picked his way half through a plate of Leisurely Eggs. He sighed and looked up at Prosatio Silban.
“I have not seen you before, nor do I expect to again,” the young man said. “May I impart a stranger’s truth?”
“The eggs are not to your liking,” the cook began.
“No! No, they are perfect,” replied the young man. “But I am not, or rather my understanding isn’t. I cannot decide whether or not my prayer is pleasing and/or effective.”
Prosatio Silban felt sympathy, but had also ceased to wonder why the gods wouldn’t keep him from such situations. “What do you mean?” he asked.
“I was deep in my devotions this morning. And a question occurred to me: am I praying because I am faithful, or am I faithful because I am praying? In other words, do the Flickering Gods grant me peace of mind, or am I fooling my mind into peacefulness?”
The cook thought for a heartbeat. “Does it matter?”
“Yes. I think. Yes.”
“Why?”
“Because by one I am doing something useful. By the other, I am silly.”
“But that is already true, in the eyes of those who don’t share your particular piety,” Prosatio Silban said. “If you live for others, you will be concerned with what they think of your actions. If you live for yourself, you will be concerned with what you think. But if you live for the gods themselves, you won’t need your service to be public — hence solving your problem to a nicety.”
The young man smiled. “Pass the tomato relish,” he said.



Soul Food
In which Our Hero effects an ecumenical meeting of minds.


PROSATIO SILBAN’S FACE WAS THE picture of dispassionate interest, but his heart gave a familiar tug of weary resignation. This is what comes of confusing prosperity with blessing, he thought.
The Cook For Any Price and his prospective client’s retainer, Ulud, were sitting on lacquered folding chairs in the shade of the cook’s galleywagon which, along with innumerable booths, stalls and stands, congested the dockside bazaar of many-harbored Soharis. Bright hawker’s cries and early spring sunlight cut the chill morning air, and the salty breeze rising from Berian Bay tangled the market’s aromas and odors into a seductive mélange. A dozen languages spilled from dozens of surrounding mouths: of porters and sailors, farmers and fishers, merchants and buyers, all bustling about their perpetual business with customary gusto.
Though the retainer’s proposal was appealing, Prosatio Silban’s customary calm was mingled with apprehension. Darpino Phaval, the wealthiest teak merchant in the Uulian Commonwell, was popular among those with sufficient leisure to indulge their spiritual curiosity. His lavish banquets featured as their centerpiece religious teachers from throughout the Commonwell, the surrounding Exilic Lands, and around the Rimless Sea; the more exotic the speaker, the better-attended the dinners. Such spiritual fare was no longer Prosatio Silban’s mug of yava, but he was honor-bound by his vocational title to go wherever a contract would lead.
“I am, of course, aware of Sir Darpino’s reputation and humbled by his desire for my culinary and interpretive skills,” he said. “But even the most learned cannot grasp in fullness the ways of the enigmatic M’zei. I myself do not, despite having learned their language and resided with them for longer than was comfortable.”
Ulud smoothed the wind-rippled edge of his sequined robe. “Sir Darpino’s skills in sacred counsel are without like,” he said. “The M’zei do not often travel to this cosmopolitan city, but Sir Darpino heard late yestereve that one of their sages – an Intuid named ‘Avinadav’ – had just arrived via a netfisher’s rig, and will board a deep-water merchantman on the morrow. My master could not stage a proper salon in that time, but neither could he forego the opportunity for sacred colloquy and bade me proffer an invitation this morning. The Intuid accepted at once – or so I gathered from his pidgin Uulian, which did not quite inspire my confidence in his people’s purported wisdom.”
“Do not be fooled, Ulud. The Intuids comprehend all tongues, but believe only their own suitable for true communication. As they like to say: ‘Can axes filet?’”
Ulud smiled a dismissal. “Perhaps, if they are sharp enough. But back to our business. Will you prepare a traditional M’zei dinner for three, including yourself, and facilitate any verbal or conceptual difficulties which may arise? He offers twenty in silver plus expenses.”
Prosatio Silban made a show of deliberation for Ulud’s benefit. The M’zei were simple eaters, the sum excessive for a few hours’ minimal labor, and in any case, he took pride in his professional duties.
“Done,” he said. “Where and when?”

* * * 

Darpino Phaval’s expansive mansion sprawled across the north end of Soharis’ Busy Gold Street like a prey-sated lion, somewhat larger than but otherwise much like its neighbors: a three-story green marble ziggurat built in the self-important style peculiar to self-made Uulian gentry. Each roof was surmounted by gardens of shade-palm and pomegranate, beneath which singing fountains splashed; the demesne’s streetside wall was pierced by occasional bronze shutters lustrous in the late afternoon sun. Over the wide, ivory-framed portico was a gold-leaf scroll proclaiming WELCOME STRANGER – TRUTH LIES WITHIN. Prosatio Silban shook his head and entered the less obtrusive servant’s gate, concealed around the corner behind a demure hedge of blue fragrantia.
Inside a cavernous and well-appointed kitchen washed in the warm glow of a fatberry-oil chandelier, Prosatio Silban was puzzled to find himself the sole occupant. His “Hallo?” and “Anyone home?” went unanswered. He shrugged, deposited his well-worn leather knives-bindle next to a massive teak butcher-block, unrolled it, and began sorting through a pile of the evening’s ingredients.
Culinary conventions can be difficult for those uninitiated in their basic assumptions, but although Prosatio Silban’s cooking career had begun after a long stay in the Intuids’ holy city, he knew the ancient principles by heart. In the M’zei tongue they were a terse and opaque seven-word chant; in rough translation, “Don’t eat anything which comes when you call it, or its eggs or immature offspring, or unroasted – and pay attention!” He offered a brief prayer to Plibo, Goddess of Anticipatory Patience, and set about detaching fish heads.
“Ah, the man from whom the evening’s success depends,” boomed a fruity baritone behind him. Prosatio Silban turned as an imposing figure in brown silk swept up, both arms extended in greeting. He grasped the cook’s left shoulder and fish-bloodied right hand, then smothered reflexive disgust behind a facade of unruffled bonhomie.
“I am Darpino Phaval,” he said, adding in throaty M’zei, “(‘your’ presence may enlighten our eyes).”
“(futures precede us),” the cook said in automatic response, releasing his smile and offering a towel. “Prosatio Silban, Sir Darpino. It has been long since I have heard that greeting. Your accent is impeccable.”
Darpino Phaval nodded in self-approving deprecation. “It is only so through diligent practice, as I know little of the barbarous M’zei tongue beyond civil superficialities,” he said, drying his hand and tossing the used towel into an unused corner. “Do you lack anything?”
“Not in terms of food. The M’zei enjoy simple fare, and your victualer has been more than apt to that task. I am curious, however, that so large a kitchen – and so grand a house – is untenanted by servants.”
“I have dismissed them for the evening. The rare opportunity of conversing with an Intuid did not seem to me something to be done where there is danger of lurking ears. Such mysteries are best revealed in confidence, and were your own reputation not that of absolute discretion you would not now be here.”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “I hope to fulfill your culinary faith in me, Sir Darpino. However, I would appreciate a clearer idea of my other duties.”
“As simply put as can be to one less schooled than I in such mysteries,” Darpino Phaval said, “our Flickering Gods, as I am sure you know, weave among and through us; but by experience, observation, and analysis, I have deduced that They are not revealed exclusively to us Uulians. The gods have so blessed me to perceive that all known creeds and traditions of a divine nature have their root in our own noble faith. The M’zei, despite or because of their inability to converse as do civilized men, have been my greatest challenge in relating and understanding that principle. But they are a challenge I hope to overcome.”
“Thank you, Sir Darpino,” the cook said. “That does give me a clearer idea of the evening’s purpose. But you will perhaps be eager to know that the truths conveyed through M’zei teachings do not quite correspond to –”
“Please,” Darpino Phaval interrupted, raising a condescending hand. “I realize that you have lived with these people in the past and gained a familiarity with their customs and habits. But I do not expect you to be able to understand them as I do. If you will excuse me, the time for me is to meditate – and the place for you, at least now, is in this kitchen.”
Prosatio Silban bowed to the retreating swirl of silk and good intentions, then bent to his task, raising his knife and eyebrows in one coordinated and amused motion.

* * * 

There are moments in a formal dinner when uncomfortable silence settles over the assemblage like an itchy blanket. Such conversational lapses oft herald the gathering’s approaching end – but when the evening begins with such a gap, most arbiters of social form agree that little good will follow.
Sir Darpino cleared his throat for the fifth time in as many minutes. He glanced toward Prosatio Silban, opened his mouth, then closed it. The cook nodded, and replied with what he intended was a reassuring look.
Meanwhile, the Intuid Avinadav continued to stand in the exact center of Darpino Phaval’s opulent doorway – motionless, and to all appearances, asleep. Short in stature, his embroidered blue tunic was gathered by a long grey beard which encircled his waist and tied at the right hip.
Prosatio Silban well knew the M’zei proverb regarding new situations: “Notice detail, act as needed.” Still, he wondered what was taking the old man so long. Procrastinating? I would, if I were expected to be a wealthy boor’s philosophical plaything. But then, I’m not an Intuid. And they always have their reasons.
The ancient eyes opened and fixed on Sir Darpino’s. “(nice ‘place’ ‘you’ ‘have’ ‘here’),” Avinadav said, adding in Uulian, “Honor you.”
“(‘your’ presence may enlighten our eyes),” Darpino replied with a smile of relief. “I am Darpino Phaval, an earnest student of the Hidden Mysteries. This is Prosatio Silban, my cook and translator.”
Avinadav fastened his gaze on Prosatio Silban. “(why do ‘i-now’ seem to know ‘you-then?’) he asked.
“(‘i-then’ learned ‘in’ ‘your’ city-of-M’zir ‘years-ago’),” the cook replied, “(and ‘i-now’ am hired as ‘this’ man’s intermediary. ‘he-now’ wishes to learn, but has pushed ‘his-then’ head ‘through’ books while ‘his’ heart remains ‘outside’ the covers).”
Avinadav smiled and said, “(we always learn, or learn nothing. ‘i-now’ do recall ‘you-then,’ ‘student-of-discontent.’ why did ‘you-then’ leave us?)”
Prosatio Silban’s ears reddened. “Student-of-discontent” was how the M’zei called someone whose mindfulness was blunted by expectation. It was a term which had become familiar to him during his stay; a term, in fact, that he had been applying to Darpino Phaval.
“(‘i-then’ did not know ‘truth’ ‘was’ not found ‘in’ hope),” he said.
“(and ‘you-now’ know ...?)”
“(that ‘i-now’ must cook, or we-now will not eat),” Prosatio Silban replied with a reluctant grin. Turning to Darpino Phaval, he said, “I have spoken of your wisdom, and he has responded with eagerness.”
His patron displayed a too-obvious smile of understanding. “Well,” he said. “How do you say, ‘Shall we begin our meal?’”
“(let us grow happy ‘with’ food),” replied the cook.
“Ah. Well, (let ‘me’ grow wise with becoming), then,” repeated Sir Darpino with imperfect accuracy, and gestured toward the dining room.
“(futures precede us),” said the smiling Avinadav, and waved them on.

* * * 

The cooking of fish often leaves an odor offensive in inverse proportion to its palatability. But for reasons which Prosatio Silban could never quite fathom, this quality was lacking from those prepared in the M’zei fashion. It may have been the scented sweetbark-fire which had grilled the fish, or the light hand which seasoned it, or the savory peasant-greens and dense seedbread which accompanied it, or the endless mugs of yava – the potent and energizing M’zei national beverage – with which it was washed down.
Or maybe, Prosatio Silban reflected, his senses were distracted by Darpino Phaval’s droning narrative.
The trio sat on thick floor-pillows in Darpino Phaval’s codex-and-scroll-lined banqueting hall, at one end of an immense slab of teak supported by thick ivory legs: the merchant at the head, Avinadav and Prosatio Silban to either side. The copper bone-bowls were now as full as their silver plates had been an hour earlier, when the merchant had first laid his hand on the conversational tiller and steered a twenty-year course from his first day as sweeps-boy on a riverbound lumber-barge, through mastery of the vessel, then of a fleet, and finally of the entire Soharis teak trade.
“I have long had a talent for sifting the Actual from the Apparent,” he said, with a deprecating wave of his yava-mug. “Wherever I traveled, no matter how exotic the location or strange the customs and gods of those who dwelt therein, I saw that the world’s peoples are in essence the same: each possessed a sense of decency, divinity, and commonality of feeling. All mark the same seasons; all celebrate birth, majority, marriage; all grieve death. How could this universality have come about?”
Darpino Phaval answered his own question by explaining that, throughout his travels, he had obtained as many sacred texts as he could find in a decent Uulian translation. And he had arrived at the inevitable conclusion that all of the world’s faiths were based on a vision and knowledge of his own culture’s Flickering Gods. Years ago, he had even published what he considered a definitive pamphlet regarding this theory; although well-received by those with enough leisure and inclination to read it, Sir Darpino felt his scholarship somewhat deficient. He knew only the barest scraps of M’zei spiritual lore, but he was certain – certain! – that the Flickering Gods had not left the enigmatic M’zei unvisited.
Avinadav sipped at his fourteenth mug of yava, seeming to be unaware of the implied question.
Sir Darpino looked at Prosatio Silban, who shrugged.
“The M’zei value clarity over indirectness,” the cook said.
“Ah,” replied the merchant, and shifted on his pillow. “Then: May I ask the Intuid if there is a reason why you do not publish your spiritual writings?”
“Ask,” Avinadav replied, taking another sip.
Darpino sighed with exaggerated tolerance. “Why do you not publish your spiritual writings?”
“No writings,” Avinadav replied. “Speakings.”
“’Speakings?’ How do you mean that, exactly? Is it a metaphor?”
“Metaphors are alien to M’zei thought,” Prosatio Silban interjected. “They have never, in more than three thousand years, recorded a single word of their teachings.”
Sir Darpino’s mouth opened, closed, opened again. “Three ... thousand years?”
“Words live in ear and mouth, not letters,” Avinadav answered, reaching for the yava-pot. “No life, no words.”
“Wisdom must flow from teacher to student and back again as a river, not stagnate as a marsh, and can only do so if unconfined by writing,” Prosatio Silban explained. “The M’zei place great importance on wordless and immediate perception. They know no other reality.”
“I do not understand,” Darpino said. “What of the great and cosmic tension? What is more basic than the tension between the Now and the Eternal; between Galien, Goddess of Life and Angrim, God of Time?”
“No symbol, no tension, no gods!” Avinadav said, banging his mug on the table. “Alive? Dead? Illusion! What lives? What dies? ‘Not-The.’ Not ‘the’ at all.”
Darpino Phaval looked at Prosatio Silban in uneasy bewilderment.
“A basic technical concept, Sir Darpino,” said the cook with slow deliberation. “The M’zei language has no cognate for ‘the,’ a word they see as implying separation where none exists.”
The merchant rubbed his forehead. “Ah. Interesting, and no doubt enlightening in its way. But I don’t quite see ...”
Avinadav’s voice was low and intense. “Then watch. Watch now.”
The lamps went out.
“Watch,” Avinadav repeated.
A searing scarlet pinpoint of brilliance exploded past them from the center of the room and into deep indigo darkness.
Sourceless rumbling climbed up through the hush, like gargantuan shoots pushing through endless soil. The blackness lightened into deep sea-green laced with shafts of gold, resolving into a vast ocean extending beyond the horizon.
But the ocean was alive and rhythmic. Unending waves rolled over its surface, rising, falling, spraying, roaring, crying, shouting, and calling with human voice: “I! I! I!”
One wave wore Darpino Phaval’s face, another Prosatio Silban’s. Both dissolved into the all-embracing sea, replaced by other waves no less assertive.
Silence.

* * * 

Prosatio Silban looked around the kitchen to see if he’d forgotten anything. Avinadav had gone, and Darpino Phaval – still sitting at table with a peculiar look on his face – had answered both their farewells with an inarticulate grunt. There was little else for the cook to do but gather his tools and wait for his pay. He picked up a set of fish tongs – the last item to go into his well-worn bindle – and paused.
Though he had handled this utensil countless times over the years, Prosatio Silban realized he had never really seen it. The elegance of the design – spring-bent weaver’s steel with serrated grips – now struck him as both simple and obvious, with each nick and scratch making the tool as much a part of himself as the hand that held it.
Why have I never noticed this before? he thought. And – why can’t I stop grinning?
He tucked the tongs next to their fellow-tools and trussed tight the bindle.
Darpino Phaval wandered with unfocused eyes into the kitchen, looked at Prosatio Silban, stopped, raised his hand, opened his mouth, closed it, cocked his head, shook it, smiled, lowered his hand, and wandered out. The Cook For Any Price watched him go, heard unsteady footfalls receding down the hallway and up the stairs. There was the click of a bedchamber latch, then quiet.
Next time, Prosatio Silban thought, I’ll ask for payment in advance.



Herd Instinct
In which Our Hero follows his buopoth on a strange and urgent journey.


IF SOMEONE YOU LOVE BEGINS acting out-of-character, you could do one of two things: ignore the situation and try to carry on regardless; or, engage as best you can.
That was the problem puzzling Prosatio Silban. His buopoth, Onward, was usually enthusiastic about pulling the cook’s galleywagon. But this morning, his head hung between his forelegs; he didn’t at all meet the cook’s concerned gaze; and instead of his usual merry rattling hoot, his only vocalizations were soft sad sighs.
“What ails you, my friend?” asked the cook, offering the quaint beast its favorite breakfast – a greasy, maroon, lavender-scented fatberry-cake. But Onward showed no interest in this preferred provender, and sighed the louder.
I wish I knew more about his species beyond the chance rumor and traveler’s tale, Prosatio Silban thought. But I’ve never even seen another buopoth. Perhaps we should harness-up anyway?
“C’mon, boy,” he said. “Let’s get going.”
He opened the galleywagon’s yoke and gestured. The buopoth looked at its human companion, then at the harness. Slowly, it flowed into the latter until it fitted, sighing as it went. It took one of its more common forms – a somewhat elephantine ox – and waited.
Prosatio Silban climbed onto the driver’s bench and flicked the plaited yak-hair reins. They were in the middle-western portion of the Uulian Commonwell, and his plan was to drive southeast to cosmopolitan Soharis and seek custom in one of the many-harbored city’s marketplaces.
However, Onward had a different plan. Instead of obeying the cook, it made a wide half-circle on the packed-dirt road and headed west toward the Reckless Hills.
“No, Onward!” Prosatio Silban called, pulling up on the reins. “Other way! The other way!” But the heedless beast continued on its course.
It should be mentioned at this point that when the cook acquired his galleywagon more than a quarter-century ago, it was equipped with a long quirt hanging by the driver’s bench. Prosatio Silban lifted the implement from its hook, hefted it in his hand, raised it high, and swatted an errant bloodfly.
Anyone who needs this to discipline a dray-beast is too horrible a driver to even try managing such an animal, he thought. But it’s always open season on flies.
They had left the road and were angling northwest beyond the hills and their soft valleys of fragrant mint and short, yellow-green velvetgrass. They were now in the Western Wides: monotonous savannahs punctuated by the occasional tall baobab stand and low bluestone outcropping.
At least we’re making good time, wherever we’re going, Prosatio Silban thought. Onward broke neither pace nor sweat as he lumbered across the flatlands, drawn to some unknown destination about which the cook was becoming more and more curious.
The sun was arcing down to the flat western horizon, bringing out the rich colors of sunset. A light headwind began to blow, but Onward pressed on regardless. As they ascended a low rise, a subtle humming caught the cook’s ears; a melancholy melody whose source and tune he couldn’t quite place, but which was becoming louder – and the headwind stronger – as they neared the top.
At the broad summit, Onward slowed to a crawl, then stopped. Prosatio Silban gasped and stood up on the driver’s bench for a better view.
Below them was a well-defined depression about a mile across. Ringing the rim was a thick tangle of massive skeletons, with gaps here and there. Below the bones were hundreds – thousands? – of buopoths, swaying round an immense bluestone in concentric clockwise and counterclockwise circles. Atop the stone lay an enormous, motionless buopoth, its legs splayed out in a way that suggested it wouldn’t be moving anymore.
“The fabled Vale of Bones,” Prosatio Silban whispered. “Where buopoths come to die.”
He shot an alarmed glance at his beloved Onward. But before he could react further, Onward had flowed out of its yoke and down into the depression, to be lost in the circling throng.
O Hartiz, Protectress of Companion Beasts, let this not be the last I see of him, the cook prayed. He closed his eyes in mingled gratitude and worry, then opened them wide. The ethereal humming had grown more intense as the chatoyant creatures revolved faster and faster, and from his vantage point he could detect a fragrance like sun-warmed but indeterminate spices. The air was alive with the rattling hoot of a vast number of buopoth throats, counterpointing the eerie drone.
The fragrance grew stronger. So did the sounds. Prosatio Silban closed his eyes again, this time against the strong breeze blasting his face. His ears were filled with an extraordinary music that went on, and on, and on ...
And then, silence.
He opened his eyes.
Every buopoth was lying prostrate facing the central stone and its funereal burden. As he watched in silent wonder, the unmoving buopoth slowly melted into the stone. Soon, there was nothing left of it.
A collective sigh went up, and the enigmatic creatures broke ranks and flowed uphill toward the gaps in the bony heaps. One approached Prosatio Silban. It cast him a meaningful look and poured itself into the galleywagon’s harness.
“Is that you, boy? Are you back?” asked Prosatio Silban. “Did you pay your respects?”
With a happy rattling hoot, Onward drew the galleywagon in a wide half-circle – and headed back the way they had come.



Pernicious Wishes
In which Our Hero gains and spends a classic beneficence.


PROSATIO SILBAN STOOD UP, WIPED his hands on his kneebreeches, and cursed mildly in the name of a minor god. If only this wheel hadn’t broken, he thought, I’d now be in many-harbored Soharis cooking fresh-caught fish for wealthy or needful marketgoers.
It wasn’t that he resented his galleywagon’s occasional problems — after all, any traveler sometimes had to bear with same — but recent events were enough to push the Cook For Any Price’s patience  to  its seldom-approached limits. First had come the cancellation of his contract for the annual feast to Pyolo, Spirit of the Anticipatory Benevolence, when the burghers of bucolic Oakstraw discovered that he was a self-defrocked Sacreant. “It’s nothing personal,” they told him. “But we can’t hire for a holy festival someone disenchanted with the Flickering Gods, can we?”
Second, he was almost out of the fatberry-cakes which were food for his dray-beast, Onward. And now this: a broken wheel, and miles from either blacksmith or wheelwright or anyone else who could help him.
Thus, his less-than-warm mood, and mild curse. “O Hapoor of the Unexpected Inconvenience!” he cried. “Take this wheel and I will make Your name great throughout the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell!”
He was not expecting to be answered. So he started a bit when a deep voice replied, “Done.”
The voice came from what appeared to be a young Uulian of indeterminate race or gender, dressed all in green. “Who are you?” the cook asked.
“Thou knowest who We are,” said the olive-clad figure. “And though thou may have forsaken Us, We have not forsaken thee. Thanks to thy long and selfless service of the Commonwell’s empty bellies — and that thou rememberest a Name that so many have forgotten — We have chosen to grant thee a small boon. Three, in fact, as per the ancient custom.”
“Just like that?” asked the skeptical cook.
“Just like that,” replied the other. “But pray do not squander them by asking for too little.”
“I am a man of modest needs,” Prosatio Silban said, and thought for a moment. “I wish to have a full chest of fatberry-cakes for my hungry dray-beast.”
“That’s one,” said the godling, and pointed at the near-empty jute sack under the galleywagon’s driver’s seat. In a flash, it was filled to overflowing with the fragrant maroon lumps.
“Thank you,” said the cook. He fed a fresh fatberry-cake to Onward, scratched behind its ear, and told it what a good buopoth it was. “What next?” he asked.
“That is for thee to decide,” said the godling. “But pray do not waste them on trivialities.”
“Something necessary, then. I wish this wheel were fixed,” said Prosatio Silban.
“That’s two,” said the godling, and pointed at the broken wheel. As the cook watched, the pieces knitted themselves back together until the wheel was made whole.
“Thank you,” the cook said. “I am beyond-grateful for these miracles, however small. But I can’t think of another right now. May it be held in abeyance until I do?”
“Certainly,” replied the godling. “But pray do not misspend it on inconsequentials.”
“As you say, that’s for me to decide,” said Prosatio Silban. He stepped up to the driver’s bench and grasped the plaited yak-hair reins. “Thank you again.”
“Go thou in peace,” said godling. “Now, as for ‘making Our Name great throughout the Uulian Commonwell’ –”
“Shouldn’t you leave that up to me?” asked the cook. “Miracles are your domain, while mine is service.”
“Thou art correct,” replied the other. “However, We have one or two ideas that –”
“Your miracles are enough to give me my own ideas,” Prosatio Silban replied. “I will not disappoint you.”
“Of course, of course,” said the godling. “But let Us just say –”
“This is one reason why I left the Sacreanthood,” the cook said with a sigh. “You gods are too meddlesome, particularly the minor ones. Really, I wish I had never met you.”
Prosatio Silban stood up, wiped his hands on his kneebreeches, and cursed mildly in the name of a minor god ...



Cook’s Honor
In which Our Hero aims to turn a would-be robber’s fortunes.


THE FIRST CLUE PROSATIO SILBAN had to the midnight intruder was the sound of someone rifling through his galleywagon pantry. The second was the paring-knife at his throat – one of his own paring-knives at that.
“Wake up, stranger,” came a frightening – or was it frightened? – whisper in his right ear. “I need your silver.”
“I don’t have any,” the cook whispered back. “It’s been a bad week. But if you let me live, I’ll cook you a meal that’s more than worth your time.”
“A meal!” scoffed the would-be thief. “What do I want with a meal? I can make my own meals. What I need is your coin. Fetch it now.”
“See that clay jar over the preparation-counter?” asked the cook. “You may have what’s in there, as little as it is. But I’m telling you the meal is worth more.”
The thief stepped away from the bunk and opened the jar. “Twenty-three in copper?” she said with disappointed disdain. “You have had a bad week. But you’ll have a worse if you don’t rustle up real money, and soon.”
“As I said, that’s all I have. But I can ‘rustle up’ for you something better than the sparse contents of that jar; I am not for nothing called ‘The Cook For Any Price.’ And I’ll even let you keep the recipe – one otherwise known only to me. Isn’t a livelihood worth more to you than my nonexistent silver?”
The thief pondered for several heartbeats. “An intriguing idea,” she said. “But no tricks now. I will be watching you like a caged hawk.”
“Of that I am sure,” replied Prosatio Silban. He drew back the bedclothes and rolled out of his sleeping-berth, keeping his hands visible. “First, I must make a light so we may see what I’m doing ...”
He struck a match and applied it to the wick of an overhanging lamp. As the flame grew, so did the faint lavender fragrance of fatberry-oil. In the pinkish light, the cook got a good look at his assailant: a wiry young woman, clad in black tunic and knee-breeches, with the lower part of her face obscured by a dark blue kerchief. She was holding the knife in a loose grip, almost with apology – but still, she was holding it.
The beefy cook’s thoughts raced. How did she get in? Why didn’t my dray-beast raise a warning ruckus? And more important: how do I regain the advantage?
“This is a humble, one-pot sort of affair, deceptively simple to cook but quite satisfying to both palate and gullet,” he said, taking down an appropriate vessel from its hook on the ceiling. He put it on the fatberry-oil stove, lit the latter with another match, and poured in a small dollop of olive oil. “Once this is hot enough, I will sear a breast of fidget-hen. I’m going to open my coldbox now, and am saying so as to not surprise you with my actions.”
Prosatio Silban rummaged through the coldbox – a waist-high, hollow cube of magiked glacier-ice – and produced a generous lump of pale pink meat, which he placed on the cutting board and proceeded to dice before adding it to the pot. “While the meat is frying, you’ll want to chop and add the vegetables and aromatics...”
So saying, he made short knife-work of three giant’s-thumb mushrooms, two small carrots, a shallot and a plump garlic clove, all of which went into the pot and shifted the galleywagon’s olfactory spectrum from floral to savory. “Now where did I put those herbs?” he wondered aloud.
“Take care, now,” said the thief, gesturing with the paring-knife.
“Cooking is always best done with care, whether your customer is armed or not,” Prosatio Silban said. He searched through his overhead herbal array and found a handful of sleepweed sprigs, which only an expert could tell wasn’t thyme. He stripped the small round leaves from their stems and added them to the pot.
Back to the coldbox went the cook, this time for a jug of stock. He poured some of it into the frying-pot with a sound like heavy rain on cobblestone streets, tasted, added salt and pepper. He then fetched in a measure of blue rice from the large sack next to the stove, and stirred the pot’s contents with a long wooden spoon.
“The majority of the cooking time is getting the rice to simmer and absorb the stock after it comes to the boil,” said Prosatio Silban. He put a lid on the pot and turned down the flame. “This will take a third of an hour. With what shall we pass the time?”
“Let me see the recipe,” said the thief. The cook obliged, sorting through the yellowing scraps of rag-paper tacked to the cork board over the stove, and removed one titled One-Pot Wonder: Domestic Poultry with Blue Rice, and handed it over. She glanced at it and tucked it up one sleeve. “Thank you.”
“A lot of memories are attached to that paper,” the cook said. “I first cooked it long ago for a nobleman in cosmopolitan Soharis, who was slumming in one of that many-harbored city’s lesser-regarded markets. ‘Feed me what the poor might eat, when they chance to eat well,’ he told me. I constructed it from my own ingenuity, only writing it down once he had eaten and after complimenting me on my pragmatic imagination.”
“Why did he do that?” asked the youth, with genuine curiosity. “Want to eat as a festive poor person, I mean.”
“I never ask those sorts of questions,” said Prosatio Silban. “I don’t want to give anyone the temptation of lying about their motives. And in any case, it’s none of my concern. My only business is to feed the hungry. If they are desperate into the bargain, that’s their own affair; but if I can ease their souls by soothing their appetites, I am gratified.”
“You’re not like any cook I’ve ever met,” said the thief. “Most of those I have known are desperate bottle-seekers of low morals, who jump at any chance to make some coin – any coin.”
“Well, I am also a mercenary, and have done my own jumping at times,” said the cook. “But I have learned not to be desperate. How is it that you are?”
“Are what?”
“Desperate.”
The thief was silent for a long moment, not meeting his eyes. “My needs outstrip my talents,” she said in a low voice. “I have few trade-worthy skills, no inheritance, neither anyone decent to whom I may ‘prentice myself. What would you do in my case?”
“You make an interesting point. Given all that, I might be so inclined to pursue theft. But how do you deal with the danger?”
The thief’s eyes crinkled. “To tell you the truth, you are the first person I have robbed. And judging by your quaint dray-beast and well-kept galleywagon, I did not think you would be dangerous. I have worked as an assistant to a drunken cook, as a scullery maid, and of late a marketplace porter. Thievery seemed the simpler course, but I am learning that it doesn’t pay – or even feel – as well as I thought it would.”
Prosatio Silban smiled, and glanced at the paring-knife. “If I could ‘prentice you, would you give up this newly set-upon life of crime?”
“Who did you have in mind?”
“I know a person of wealth and repute here in epicurean Pormaris who is seeking a new preparation-cook. It’s tedious work, true, but it instills discipline – and leads to better opportunities. I would be happy to make the introductions.”
The thief creased the visible part of her brow. “On your honor as a mercenary cook?”
“On my honor as a mercenary cook.  And after all, you already have one good recipe.”
“Let’s see how it turns out before I commit myself and my possible future.”
“Fair enough. It should be almost ready by now. May I please have my knife?”
Without hesitation, the youth extended the utensil handle-first. “Of course,” she said.
Prosatio Silban thought furiously. He picked up the wooden spoon and, with no outward show of pretense, let his hand knock the pot-handle. The pot overbalanced and the contents spilled onto the galleywagon floor.
 “By Donekar, Watcher Over the Unintended Mishap!” he said in a voice of perfect innocence. “I have ruined our little demonstration. My most humble apologies. Shall I run through it again?”
“I suppose you’ll have to,” replied the youth, removing her kerchief and exposing an elfin face with determined jaw. She began sopping up the spilt liquid, paused, and gave the ruined meal a knowing sniff.
“Next time, add more pepper,” she said. “And about that – you might want to also leave out the sleepweed.”



Lost Foundling
In which Our Hero comes to a rescue of sorts.


FOR SOME, WAKING UP TO a baby’s cry can be a normal occurrence – but when the cry comes from just outside your front door, it bespeaks something amiss.
Prosatio Silban rubbed his eyes and sat up in the sleeping-berth at the rear of his cozy galleywagon. The cries were coming from his portable home’s other end, where a decorated door separated him from the world of unwanted intrusion. Shrugging into a green silk robe, he padded across the galleywagon’s ornate braided rug and opened the door’s top half. Nothing greeted him but morning sunlight, so he opened the lower half as well.
There on the driver’s bench lay a worn wicker basket. In the basket, tucked into a soft blue woolen blanket, lay a small but full-lunged baby. O Blessed All-Mother, he thought. What have You set before me now?
His galleywagon was parked in the marketplace at the village of Woods’ Edge, where the early morning bustle was just beginning: farmers unloading their carts; housewives picking their way through modest mounds of vegetables, fruits and legumes; children seeking treats or breakfast or both. There was no immediate sign of whoever might have encumbered his good will and resourcefulness, so he sighed, shook his head, picked up the basket, and brought it inside.
Placing the basket and its precious bundle on the nearest level surface (his cold six-burner fatberry-oil stove), Prosatio Silban began rooting through his well-stocked pantry and the utility-closet opposite. He selected a horn-and-rubber baster and set it aside, then opened his glacier-carved coldbox and lifted out a ceramic jug of rich, expensive black-goat’s milk. He took pains to fill the former with the latter and fed his new charge, with just the expected amount of spillage. An enthusiastic appetite is a good sign, he thought as he cleaned up. At least, I hope so – because I know next to naught about babies.
That done, he checked to see if the infant needed changing, which – thank the Flickering Gods! – she didn’t. She burbled up at him and he smiled; he bugged his eyes at her and she laughed. 
“Now then,” he said, lifting her basket. “Let’s see about finding your parents.”
The nearby vendors could offer no clue as to who had left the child on his driver’s bench. “Ain’t seen nobody like that,” said the one-eyed proprietress of the adjacent turnip stall. “Not this morning anyways. She’s a looker, though. Ain’t you, little mama?” The small-game butcher on the galleywagon’s other side was also appreciative but unhelpful.
It was customary in the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell for orphans to be adopted by one of three agencies: the nobility, the merchantry, and the Sacreants. Fortunately, Prosatio Silban had been practicing his craft for long enough in this area of the Commonwell to have made passing acquaintances among all three.
He first called on the local Heir Second, benevolent m’Lord Urtman Harticor. After trading pleasantries, m’Lord cast an appraising eye over the cook’s little guest. “It pains me to say this, but we cannot accept such a one in Demesne Urtman. At least, not at this time. My good wife Entica has just been blessed with triplets, and we have no room for a fourth. I’ll put in a good word for you at the local shrine, however.”
A similar tale was told by Sir Arblio Ytan, a trader in lumber and spices, who was also the head of the Woods’ Edge mercantile guild. “While we do welcome new shall we say additions to the working population, this girl is too young for us to take command of her future. Return in five years and we will tell a different story – but meanwhile, I’ll put in a good word for you with the local shrine.”
At the local shrine, the resident Sacreant set her jaw and shook her head. “Although we are the court of last resort for raising unparented children, and despite the good things m’Lord Urtman and Sir Arblio say about you, I am the sole Sacreant-in-residence here. We simply don’t have the resources with which to accommodate her. You might try the Diamond Shrine? In epicurean Pormaris? It’s nigh on a week’s travel, but the island-city’s means are far more apt to the assistance you seek.”
“Thank you for your kindness and direction,” Prosatio Silban told each of them in turn, and carried the sleeping infant back to his galleywagon.
He sat inside on a lacquered folding chair, frowning at his options over a hot cup of yava while his young visitor played with her toes. What does one do when the societal sieves have such large and inconvenient holes?
The cook drained his cup and was about to pour another when a firm knock sounded. He opened the upper door to reveal an incongruous couple: a slight, nervous copper-skinned young woman, and a stern-faced man of middle years. Both wore the rough-cut but nondescript clothing of the Uulian underclass.
“I’ve ... come for my child,” the woman said. “I’m so sorry to have inconvenienced you, but ... fortune’s wheel has turned again and it appears ... I can raise her after all.”
“I beg your pardon?” Prosatio Silban asked. “To what ‘turn’ do you refer?”
“My ... husband” (she nodded to the man, who was the very picture of impatience) “is a ... carter by trade, and just this morning managed to get paying work ... after I despaired of caring for her. We are no longer as destitute as when I placed Tesia at your doorstep. She is my darling and delight, and ... you see ... well.” She stifled a sob and extended her arms. “May I have my baby? Please?”
“Of course! of course!” The cook beamed as he transferred the laden basket to the mother’s waiting embrace. “It has been my privilege to have kept her safe and calm for these past few hours, and more so now to return her to her rightful parent. Good-bye, Tesia.”
“Thank you,” said the woman. The man grunted.
Prosatio Silban closed the door, shaking his head with a smile at life’s combinatory circumstances. He sat down and poured another cup of yava, preparing for what he hoped could still be a profitable day. As he lifted the cup to his lips, there came a brisk knock at his door.
What have they forgotten? thought the cook as he opened the door’s top half. The one-eyed turnip-seller greeted him with an expression of deep concern.
“Ye might want to know,” she said in a breathless voice, “them two ain’t what they seem. At least, one of ‘em ain’t.”
A cold knot tightened Prosatio Silban’s stomach. “What do you mean?”
“Just this: when they left yer door, they had ‘emselves a little talk. First, he said, ‘Now we can return to my home.’ Then his woman told him to leave her and her baby alone. Then he said, ‘You are mine – and so’s my daughter.’ Then they climbed into a zebra-cart and left town by the Tirinbar road.”
The cook’s heartbeat increased. “But Tirinbar is for slavers! Are you certain that was their destination?”
“Hope to shout!”
“Thank you for your help.”
“Surely.”
Closing the door, Prosatio Silban pounded his fist on the counter. What to do? he thought, then grimaced. Only one thing: pursue.

* * * 

As the Jade Hawk (doughty backbone of the Commonwell’s aerial mail-service) flew, Tirinbar’s territorial border was a mere four hours away from Woods’ Edge. Zebras, being somewhat slower, made the same trip in two days. But even while pulling a galleywagon, Prosatio Silban’s dray-beast Onward could travel twice that fast. The sun was not far from setting over the landscape – thick forest to the left, grassy river-flats to the right, tamped-earth road in between – and it wouldn’t be long before the cook caught up with the deceitful slaver and his prey.
It may come to fisticuffs, or worse, he thought. Tirinbar slavers will stop at nothing to keep a hold on their human chattel – especially their children. And I am not the Commonwell’s best combatant. O Galien, I will need Your help. Badly.
The cook closed his eyes, took a few deep breaths, and recited the following formula to what he hoped was a divine audience:
“O Galien, Blessed Mother of All That Lives; Bohoran, God of Unlooked-for Strength; and Bulwar, Goddess of Righteous Purpose: hear my plea and grant my boon. You have each and all exalted me with many gifts in this life, and my gratitude to You is beyond words. Please: Help me in this just cause: that this woman and her infant may escape one who would exploit and make a nightmare of their two innocent lives. Help me to help them to help You manifest Your goodness and presence. As for me, I will publicize this miracle whenever and wherever Your names are mentioned. This I affirm.”
The last syllable had no sooner left Prosatio Silban’s lips when he caught sight of a two-wheeled cart by the side of the road. The woman was holding to her breast her blanket-wrapped daughter, crying and pleading with the man, who was repairing a broken cart-wheel. Unconcerned, the draft-zebra was browsing roadside grass.
The man raised his head at the oncoming galleywagon. “What do you want?” he called.
“I want you to leave this woman and child and trouble them no more,” Prosatio Silban shouted.
“Oh? Or what?”
“Or I will make you.”
The man stood up, drawing a long and jagged knife from behind his back. He pointed it at the approaching cook. “Try,” he said.
Now, if you have been attentive to these dishes so far, O Patient Diner, you know that buopoths are no ordinary dray-beasts, but can alter their shape at will. And Onward, who had been hauling Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon for more than a quarter-century, had with his human companion one of those subtle connections whereby much may be said by saying nothing at all. As the gap narrowed between cook and slaver, the buopoth slowed to a stop.
The slaver grinned, then widened his eyes as Onward melted out of his harness and into an enormous raven with a three-manheight wingspan. Its wings began to beat, raising dust from the road surface. The slaver dropped his knife and clutched his eyes; Prosatio Silban leapt from the driver’s bench and tackled his opponent around the waist. They fell to the road, the slaver blindly grabbing the cook’s throat.
This is not going as I planned, Prosatio Silban thought as he grasped the slaver’s wrists and tried to wrest them away. His foe rolled them both over until he was atop the cook, then started choking in earnest. “I will kill you,” he snarled.
As the light faded from Prosatio Silban’s eyes, he felt the man’s grip loosen. The slaver toppled to the side. The cook coughed with fervor. The young mother was standing next to him, holding a jagged, bloody knife.
“No,” she said, as if to herself. “You won’t.”
The cook coughed again, slapping the dust from his clothes as he stood on trembling legs. He regarded the dead slaver with appraising eyes, nudged him with one foot, and nodded a brief and silent prayer to his divine helpers.
“Thank you,” he said to the woman, strength returning with each gasping in-breath.
 “I have wanted to do that ... since he ... forced me,” the woman said, not meeting his gaze.
“Are you alright?” asked Prosatio Silban.
“Better. Now.”
“And your child?”
“She’s better too. Thank you for rescuing us, sir.”
“Some would say you rescued yourself. What do you want done with the broken cart?”
“It’s not mine. Whatever you think best, sir. Can you build a pyre?”
“I have a small acquaintance with that craft. And you now have a draft-zebra. If I may suggest, you can make a living from it.”
“Now that I can,” the woman replied, “I think maybe I will.”



Balance: An Amuse-Bouche


“WHEN IT COMES TO DINING, the quality of the food isn’t the only concern,” Prosatio Silban explained, sliding diced potato into an oil-slick skillet with a satisfying hiss. “I have cooked gourmet dinners for wealthy patrons whose pleasure derived more from novelty than savor, and prepared simple pots of rude porridge for poorer folk who drew life and joy from every tiny grain. What’s interesting is the customer’s approach – are they merely Eating, or are they Dining? Fortunes have been lost by those who didn’t know the difference.”



Elegiac Escort
In which Our Hero serves the most devoted of kindnesses.


FROM HIS GALLEYWAGON AT THE edge of epicurean Pormaris’ busy South Market, Prosatio Silban could see the dockside funeral pyres at their greedy task.
It wasn’t his favored or best location, but the result of being last through the gate of the City of Gourmands that morning and all the good spots already taken. And it wasn’t so much the morbid spectacle which bothered Prosatio Silban as the lack of custom; mourners were a notoriously unhungry lot. Here it was approaching dinner, and he had not sold so much as a bowl of beans. Such is life, he thought. Its only constancies are death and hunger, and like most extremes they make a poor mix.
The cook stood, stretching, between the two tables-and-chairs he’d deployed earlier. His eyes swept the pyres: a long row of smoke- or flame-crowned mounds at the water’s periphery, surrounded here and there by bowed figures. The muted rhythms of Uulian death chants were just audible under the bustling of the market-throng, like a burnt undercurrent in an otherwise delectable pilaf.
One mound was unaccompanied save for someone tall in a black robe and golden sunhat. Prosatio Silban’s eyes narrowed. The pyre couldn’t have been burning that long; he had noted the solitary mourner when he set up his tables.
The figure knelt, then arose, shoulders drooped. She turned, revealing one of the saddest faces the cook had ever seen. Each line seemed etched by a hundred sorrows; the otherwise clear blue eyes were red with weeping; her gaunt cheeks were daubed with tears. She sighed, wiped her face with a blue silk handkerchief, and looked vaguely about. Seeing Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon, she started toward it with brisk steps.
“With what may I please you?” he asked when she had reached him.
Her voice was wheezy but warm. “A simple cress-and-cheese horn, please,” she said, seating herself. “And a small glass of white duliac.”
Prosatio Silban bowed and stepped up into his galleywagon. He retrieved from his coldbox a bundle of greens and three slices of pale yellow cheese, then selected from a basket a thick blue-rice crescent. He sliced open the latter, tucked in the former, and drew a thin stream of colorless liquid from a large cask into a fluted glass tumbler. He arranged it all on a bamboo tray and set the meal before his customer.
“Thank you,” she said. “What do I owe you?”
“I am the Cook for Any Price,” Prosatio Silban replied. “But this has been a slow day, and I am tempted to charge according to its measure.”
Her smile was like the sun rising behind a thunderhead, so sudden that Prosatio Silban almost took a half-step back.
“Well, then, I am at your mercy,” she said. “I am not a woman of many means.”
“Your tastes are inexpensive,” Prosatio Silban said, then dropped his voice a touch. “And I am sympathetic. You have been at the pyres all day?”
“Yes?”
“Was the passed-away someone close to you?”
“I don’t know,” she said.
“I’m sorry?”
“I never know. That is why I am here.”
“I don’t understand ...”
“It is a kindness they cannot repay.” Her voice was even. “Do you have a family?”
“Not here.”
“Neither do they.” She held Prosatio Silban’s gaze.
“May I pay you for the meal?” she asked.
The cook bowed. “You already have.”



Revealer of Secrets
In which Our Hero liberates a village from its emotional thrall.


PROSATIO SILBAN SIPPED AT HIS glass of white duliac, savoring the wine’s herbal essence, and continued to enjoy the Arrow-and-Wheel’s boisterous patrons.
Rustic-garbed farmers occupied most of the plank tables, discussing the weather, the prospects, whose cows were ill and why, whose cart-zebra kicked whom (and why), and assorted small family matters. Many were drinking from deep clay mugs of the local ale, while a few attacked with gusto great wooden bowls of rich stew and plates of fragrant olive-bread paired with wedges of sharp yellow cheese.
Is there anything more soothing for the spirit than a happy noonday colloquy at the village inn? he thought. Any village will do. Solid citizenry discussing the ancient wisdoms of their solid livelihoods. Here’s to those who well know the land: her idiosyncrasies, strengths, and weaknesses only revealed to those with patience and –
The door opened, admitting a draught of cold wind and a well-dressed, pallid man in his mid-twenties. He wore a tailored-but-quiet suit of white tunic, maroon kneebreeches and long black vest, which was unusual enough given the workaday dress of the inn’s other customers. Even more peculiar was the abrupt quiet at the man’s appearance.
The stranger’s appraising eyes slid from one silent, mug-gazing customer to another. His scrutiny lighting on Prosatio Silban, he sauntered across the ale-stained sawdust floor and sat down at the bar beside the wondering cook.
“You are not from here,” he said.
“No, I am not,” Prosatio Silban replied.
“You will not find ready custom in this village.”
“Why do you say that?”
The stranger smiled, showing perfect teeth. “I know. For I am the Revealer of Secrets, and I will reveal yours unless you meet my price.”
“Well. I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. It seems we are both mercenaries, after a fashion.”
The man smirked at his fingernails. “You do not wish it to be known that you once wore the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant.”
A pause, then the cook lowered his voice.
“Let us say, rather, that I prefer it not to be known,” he said. “It is at most an inconvenience, and at worst, an obstacle. I serve the Flickering Gods in my own way now.”
“Let me see,” said the Revealer of Secrets. “How if I told the innkeeper, who has some hostility toward what he calls ‘the pomposity of the scavenging Sacreants?’ Perhaps your stay here would not quite be so pleasant. Paseolo? O Paseolo!”
“How if I buy you a drink,” the cook interjected.
Paseolo came over from the other end of the bar, his face stoic. “Gentlemen?”
The Revealer of Secrets nodded at Prosatio Silban’s glass. “I too will have a white duliac. For now. And please – put it on my new friend’s bill.”

* * * 

After his fourth duliac – and much strained banter on the cook’s part – the sallow extortionist clapped a tasteful fez on his head and his “new friend” on the arm. “Until we meet again,” he said with enunciative care. “That is, if you’re still foolish enough to be here when I return.”
Prosatio Silban watched him go with detestation in his eyes. I may have to leave before nightfall, he thought. I certainly don’t want to run into that again.
“You ain’t the only one that fellow has his hooks into,” came a bass voice from behind him.
Prosatio Silban turned. “I’m sorry?”
“Mino Phaban,” A farmer in patched and mud-stained clothing offered his open hand. “I don’t know what you two was talking about, but I know him. And that couldn’t have been a good talk. He can hear thoughts, seems as if, and is a man whose bad side it is best not to be on. Otherwise ... well. A lot of good folk have left town because of him. So now he preys on travelers like yourself.”
The cook grunted. “How do you all stand such rank and insufferable meddling?”
Mino Phaban scowled at the floor. “We have no choice. We be waiting for a savior whose bad side it would be best for him to be on. Probably thinks it better for him not to be known by passers-through. We surely know him in this village, curse his name.”
“Does he live here?”
“No. He come in fairly reg’lar, though. ‘Once a week at most. He knows a lot of people in a lot of places – but he always come back here.”
Prosatio Silban thought for a moment, and showed the ghost of a smile. “Does he, now,” he said, as if to himself. “A week, you say?”

* * * 

The rag-paper handbill tacked to the Arrow-and-Wheel’s front door the next morning excited no small attention. It read in big red block letters: COMMUNITY SOUP TONIGHT. Below that, in smaller script: Bring an ingredient for an unprecedented dish of magnificent proportions as prepared and served by the Cook For Any Price in the interest of the entire community. All are welcome and invited to attend. Tell your neighbors!
As evening fell, a large crowd had gathered in the inn’s great room. That day had seen the growth of modest mounds of assorted vegetables, legumes, roots, tubers, alliums, and dressed meats. The intoxicating scent now wafting from the kitchen promised the meal would be as grand as advertised.
Prosatio Silban ladled the thick, chunky soup into mugs, bowls, tankards and other ready containers as brought by the massed populace. When everyone was served, he raised his hand for quiet.
“Let us thank the All-Mother for bringing us here and providing such hearty provender,” he said, and they all bowed their heads. “O Giver of Life and Love, Waymaker Through Chaos, and Source of All That is Good and Real, accept our humble and heartfelt thanks for Your bounty. Give us the strength to persevere when all seems dark, and help us to help You to help others through what seems impossible. Let us be worthy of Your tender affections and stand before You as one, doing Your work in Your world in Your way. This we affirm.”
“This we affirm!” the throng echoed, and dug in with anticipatory relish. The room filled with sounds of happy eaters; when the enthusiastic slurps had turned to satisfied sighs, the cook rapped on the bar with a meat-mallet.
“Many of you must be wondering why I have convened this gathering,” Prosatio Silban said, prompting a chorus of agreements. “It is not only by my wish to feed the entire village, though I hope to have done that as well. To the point: There is someone who has held this village in his crook-fingered grip for far too long. I speak of the so-called ‘Revealer of Secrets.’”
Silence, sudden and profound.
“Secrets, as the saying goes, can be poisonous to the keeper,” the cook continued. “If they are shameful, they can make a soul sick – and also be used by the unscrupulous. But if the secrets are revealed amidst mutual understanding and acceptance, the venom and shame can be removed, thus defanging the exploiter.
“Just as everyone in this room brought an ingredient of this soup, everyone has also brought a secret that they’d rather others not know. Tonight, I would like for us to share them with each other – and break the hold of the man of whose presence we would all like to be rid.”
The crowd murmured its disapproval – “I can’t.” “I don’t think I...” “The shame is too great!” 
Prosatio Silban held up placating hands. “I will go first,” he said. “My greatest secret, and one which I have scarcely told anyone beside my mentor and immediate family, is that I once wore the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant. A self-defrocked holyman is not what the general public takes lightly, and while I understand that rancor, it is also, obviously, something I have always wished to avoid. It has left a great chasm in my relations with other people. But now” – he sighed, and smiled – “I can stand before you all knowing that I am not alone in my shame. And to be honest, it is a shame I now no longer feel. Who will stand with me?”
There was a pregnant pause, punctuated by nervous shuffling and a cough or two. Then the village miller spoke up.
“This does not concern me,” he said, making for the door. “I do not have a secret to share.”
“Yes you do,” replied a comely woman. “And if you don’t share it, I will.”
“That will not be necessary,” rejoined the blushing miller. “Let me see; oh yes. It began like this ...”
And so the evening proceeded, as each person, reluctant and timid at first, confessed their inmost disgrace and misdeed: marital affairs, business cheats, lies large and small, surreptitious thefts, unsociable or antisocial behavior, a few who had led others astray. One by one – some with tears, some with shoe-gazing murmurs, but all with eventual and heartfelt sighs – each smiled with the relief of those who have set down a long-carried burden.
“Look!” the miller said, pointing at one lozenge-paned window. “Brother Sun is rising!”
A flurry of reactions arose: “Have we been here all night?” “How did the time go by unglimpsed?” “My goodness – I must see to my cows!” “And I to my fidget-hens!” “I haven’t breathed this freely since I don’t know when.” “Thank you, Master Cook!” “Yes, thank you – I can face my wife again with no regrets.” “And I, my sons and daughters!” “Perhaps there’s no such thing after all as a ‘scavenging Sacreant.’” (This last from the appreciative innkeeper.)
“It was not I who worked this miracle,” Prosatio Silban said. “You did it yourselves, and you did it with each other. Take pride in that – and go with glad grace into the new day.”

* * * 

A week later, the Revealer of Secrets walked into a different inn. Oh, it was the same old Arrow-and-Wheel in the same old village of Anomeia. But this time, no eyes slid away from his. He stopped just inside the doorway, mild puzzlement pulling at the corners of his mouth. He spotted Prosatio Silban at the bar, and glided over with his usual smirk.
“You are still here,” he told the cook. “Good. I am thirsty for duliac, and also for what you have in your galleywagon’s coin-jar. O Paseolo!”
As before, Paseolo came down from the other end of the bar. But this time, his expression held a hint of amused malice. “I will take no more orders from you,” he said. “You are no longer wanted here, you low piece of lizard-dung.”
“I beg your pardon?” retorted the Revealer of Secrets. “Do you know who you’re talking to?”
“I do. Listen to my thoughts now, if you dare.”
The reaction on the psychic blackmailer’s pale face was nothing less than electric. His eyes grew wide, then frightened, as he cast reflected glances at the inn’s other patrons.
Mino Phaban gripped his arm. “Now walk out of here,” he hissed. “Before you can’t.”
Prosatio Silban smiled. “I suppose you’ll need a new line of work,” he said. “But by the Flickering Gods, I would make it an honest one.”



Starry Wisdom
In which Our Hero is initiated against divine familiarity.


PROSATIO SILBAN WAS NOT KNOWN for nothing as “The Cook For Any Price.” He had long ago foresworn serving people’s souls for serving their bellies, and letting the souls look after themselves (for whatever they could pay). Yet every now and again, he wondered if the Flickering Gods were still playing tricks on him.
He was cleaning up outside his galleywagon late one evening at the edge of one of cosmopolitan Soharis’ more workaday fish markets, making ready to stow the tables-and chairs, when the Siddis appeared.
To understand this story, you must know that Soharis, a city perched between the Rimless Sea and the Uulian Commonwell, is the sort of place where one may expect to meet almost anyone at almost any time. But even at that, it is rare to meet a Siddis – more properly the Siddis, since only one at a time has ever been seen anywhere – and of that tall, swarthy, rose-red-robe-wrapped one little is known save that they or he lived in the vast desert east of the Valley of Silence, and that their or his presence portended unsettling things.
Prosatio Silban was intrigued. He was also tired from a profitable day selling mumblefish skewers and goat pasties to Soharis’ hungry market-browsers, shop-clerks and porters, and was looking forward to putting his feet up. But he could not deny a hungry customer.
“With what may I please you?” he asked the Siddis.
The traveler’s voice was like a hot wind whispering over cheerless dunes. “I want a bowl of jaraanga beans. What is your price?”
“I must awake the stove, and put on a fresh batch. Two in copper, and a quarter-hour’s wait?”
“Done.”
Prosatio Silban bowed, swept his hand toward the table-and-chairs, and ascended into the galleywagon.
Jaraanga beans are easy to fix: a handful of the yellow yo-yo-shaped legumes are simmered in a pint of water until they flesh out into a tapioca-like mass with a flavor reminiscent of spring-peas cooked in garlic oil. While they cooked, Prosatio Silban attempted the usual banal banter about the weather and the day’s lost or realized prospects. But the Siddis seemed unimpressed.
“Those affairs are of the moment,” he said. “Lend me your ear and I will fill it with something you will remember forever.”
Prosatio Silban asked him to elaborate, and the Siddis began:
“Your lands are not at all like my lands, where the falcon and the serpent keep watch over immeasurable wastes of rock and sand. But at night, we see the stars like no others see them.
“There is an abandoned city in that desert, built by those who once were wise. They came to know that the stars and their own fortunes were related – that the movements of one could be read in the movements of the other. Think of it! That influences without this world be threaded and sealed with those within. The knowledge of what-is-to-what is great, for they who can read it closely. And the secrets of what-was, what-is, and what-may-be filled the minds and libraries of the city’s residents.
“Now, you may think them wise, but they were wise unto foolishness; for in knowing the stars they ceased to know themselves. The stars are cold and hard and distant, demanding nothing more than to be worshiped in silence. And so they sat in their city, their fine city of unnumbered mysteries. And so they worshiped.
“And so they slowly starved to death.”
The smell of garlicky peas dragged Prosatio Silban’s attention back to the stove. He filled a bowl, placed it on a bamboo tray, added a cloth napkin and wooden spoon and brought it to the Siddis. He wondered what to say, but the Siddis spoke first.
“Do you have gods?”
“I? I often think the gods have me. It may be better not to be noticed by a god – even of one’s own making.”
The Siddis smiled. “It is rarely worth the risk.”



Proportional Mystery
In which Our Hero tests the limits of his creativity.


SOMETIMES, EVEN AN ENCHANTER NEEDS a bit of mundane help.
Prosatio Silban was sitting, chin in hand, at one of his galleywagon’s two tables-and-chairs in cosmopolitan Soharis’ eastern marketplace, watching potential customers walk by and wondering how he could tempt them into spending time and coin at his portable establishment.
I think I picked the wrong spot, he thought. Business has never been this bad. Here it is time for afternoon nuncheon, and I have not sold so much as a blue-rice bowl all day. Have I angered or annoyed one or more of the Flickering Gods? Perhaps if I make proper obeisance to Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation, or more to the point, Hopmon of the Ever-Heavy Purse, they might – oho. Who’s this?
An ancient beggaress was approaching, dressed in the tattered remains of once-fashionable finery. She was almost the beefy cook’s height, but emaciated and bent in a way that made her look shriveled and short. A dirty bandage covered one eye, and she limped along with the aid of a broken and poorly repaired crutch, her ragged black robes dragging in the street-dust. As she drew near, Prosatio Silban was surprised by the scent of faded roses.
By Tulate, God of Unpleasant but Illustrative Alternatives! the cook exclaimed to himself. At least I shall have the opportunity to provide charity. Money is important, yes, but kindness more so.
“May I help you, old mother?” he asked in his gentlest intonation. “With what may I please you?”
The beggaress fastened on him her good eye, and a crooked grin split her seamed face. “I am no one’s mother,” she said in a voice like cracking crystal. “But you can help me.” She made as to whisper to him, and he lowered his head to listen.
“I am back,” she murmured. “And you owe me something. Something of importance.”
“Eh? Pardon me, but I don’t believe we have ever met,” Prosatio Silban said.
“How soon they forget,” she said, and stamped her crutch on the flagstones underfoot.
With a flash and a bang, the crowded market scene shattered. In its place was a large, well-appointed but windowless kitchen. The woman too had changed – she was no longer twisted and withered; her rags had transformed into a tasteful maroon silk robe, the eye-bandage now a rose-colored glass monocle on a silver chain. Her face had lost most of its age, and she smiled the smile of someone who has been freed of a constraining weight.
“That’s better,” she said in a throaty contralto. “Do you remember me now?”
Prosatio Silban started. “How could I not?” he said. “You and your cat helped me reconcile with my late father. I apologize for not recognizing you at once.”
“The years do that to a person – we meet so many people over a lifetime that faces and names can blur together. I do not blame you for not tumbling sooner to my true identity, as you perceive it. And now that you know, do you recall my price for that earlier service?”
“You said then that I should come if you had need of my skills. I seem to have done that, though I am at a loss to understand how or why – or where.”
The enchantress nodded. “Then let me dispel your perplexity. What do you make of this?”
She proffered a creased scrap of ink-inscribed parchment, which the cook accepted and examined with a professional eye. “The first thing I notice,” he said, “is that this passed through many hands before it came to yours. It appears to be a list of ingredients.”
“I know that,” she said. “Do you notice something else, or perhaps the lack of something else?”
He scanned the parchment again. “There are no given quantities, or even proportions,” he said. “And likewise, no mention of the necessary actions or equipment.”
“Exactly so. I have ... well, inherited this list, and need to know those missing particulars. To the point: The completed dish will be a component in a magikal endeavor. And I need it soon. Very soon.”
“What sort of ‘magikal endeavor?’”
“That is not your concern. Can you cook it, or not?”
Prosatio Silban considered. “Let us find out,” he said.

* * * 

Although he preferred the coziness of his galleywagon, working in a strange kitchen had become second-nature to Prosatio Silban in his quarter-century as a mercenary cook. And this kitchen was strange – equipped as it was with more spices, herbs, flours, oils, staples, fauna, flora, cookware, utensils and other culinary constituents than were familiar to his long experience. As far as he could tell, all were of the highest quality.
The listed ingredients were simple enough: fidget-hen thighs, oil of olives, onions, carrots, vegetable stock, cardamom pods, dried apricots, wine-dark raisins, slivered almonds, plum vinegar, and citrus-blossom honey. But with no other instructions, Prosatio Silban had only his cook’s intuition to aid his quest.
The first attempt, however, did not at all turn out well. Just put everything in one big soup pot, with a light hand on the flavorings, simmer, and there-you-have-it, he had said to himself. An hour later, he stopped his weak-smelling experiment. No use in continuing – I can already tell it will be dismal. He sighed.
Next, he tried grinding the meat and adding to it the other ingredients (save the stock, which he used as a braising medium). It did make for an attractive and fragrant loaf, but the flavor failed utterly. He sighed.
However, once again he rallied, and once again he missed the mark. This time, he ground the non-meat constituents into a marinade/cooking paste and smeared it all over the fidget-hen thighs before roasting same; the results were far less than encouraging. He sighed.
Prosatio Silban turned dejected eyes heavenward, marshalled his spiritual powers, and prayed as he had seldom done before: “O Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation; Dalclla, Lord of Suitable Cookware and Process; and Atalhea, Guarantor of Satisfying Conclusions; hear my plea and grant my boon. You have all blessed me generously over the years of my service to You, and I am beyond beyond-grateful. Please – revive my flagging spirits and skills, and point me along the correct path whereby I may be made worthy of Your unending kindness and representation. This I affirm.”
The cook waited, but could discern no immediate response. He considered the makings anew, shook his head, and then: Oh. What if  I... oh. Oh!
He selected from the varied collection of cooking-vessels a large, cast-iron pot with a lid, which he placed on one of the stove-burners. In the bottom of this he heated a scant measure of the oil; when it was hot enough, he browned the fidget-hen thighs on each side while he sliced the onions and added them to the pot. After the onions became translucent, he put in carrot coins, a handful each of the fruits and nuts, four of the unopened cardamom pods, a light dollop of the vinegar and one of the honey. He filled the pot with enough stock to cover everything, stirred, brought it to a simmer, put the lid on, and sighed.
Four hours later, the kitchen was redolent with the aroma of good things. Prosatio Silban was beginning to wonder where the crone had gotten to, when she appeared from behind a tall coldbox.
“How goes your project?” she asked.
By way of reply, the cook lifted the pot-lid, dipped a spoon, and offered a taste. On sampling it, the enchantress’ eyes rolled back in her head and she let escape a soft moan.
“By the sacred stars!” she exclaimed. “This is what the Flickering Gods eat, if they eat. A well-earned triumph, Master Cook!”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “Do not thank me,” he said. “I did have more than a bit of godsly assistance, without which I would still be one frustrated cook. I am happy that it pleases you. Does this settle our accounts?”
“Indeed, and with interest,” the crone said. “By way of gratuity, please keep the recipe for your repertoire – after copying it out again for my thaumaturgic research.”
“Thank you. As it was for your service that I developed it, I shall give you partial credit in the recipe’s notation. What is your name?”
She narrowed her eyes to slits. “You must not ask my name,” she whispered. “Names are powerful magik, and not to be shared. ‘The Red Crone’ will have to do. But what is the title you have chosen for this dish?”
The cook grinned. “’Fidget-Hen Divine,” he said. “After all, it seemed only appropriate.”



Chopped Roots
In which Our Hero recalls the mentor who made him the Cook For Any Price.


WHETHER BY DREAM OR VISION, Prosatio Silban knew one thing with absolute certitude – his beloved mentor was dead. He rolled out of his galleywagon’s sleeping-berth, bowed his head and let out a gentle, almost imperceptible moan.
It was unexpected news. The cook had not heard any word from or about Master Trentum Urdoin for quite a while. The last he knew, from at least ten years ago, was that the man was still in good health and spirits.
But he was convinced of the nocturnal message’s inherent truth. He hadn’t had many such revelations, but they all followed a pattern: they occurred while he was asleep, and were marked by a haunting and compelling immediacy which brooked neither contradiction nor doubt.
So upon awaking, he winged a brief but sincere supplication to Angrim the All-Limiter for the comfort and protection of his mentor’s soul on its way via funeral-pyre to the Pure City of the hereafter.
“O Harvester of Time, Ender of Life, and Bridge between the Here and the There,” he prayed. “Please see Your way to provide for the needs of Trentum Urdoin in Your world, now that he has no more need for this world.”
I should have seen him more often, he thought with mild bitterness. I should have made the effort. But I suppose everybody says that.
True, Prosatio Silban’s itinerant life as a mercenary cook kept him close to whichever of the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities and Thousand Villages offered the most available and profitable clientele. And Rutley, Master Trentum’s home village, was far from his usual roads. But, he reflected, even mercenary cooks could make time now and again to stay in touch with those who set them on their professional path. So saying, he counted his silver and decided that he could afford to make a belated visit to Master Trentum’s cremains.
Thus, early the next morning, he hitched up his galleywagon and shook the reins to begin his voyage to Rutley. It was a journey of some dayrides, and he passed the time deep in memory and thought ...

* * *

“I need a drink,” said Prosatio Silban with more than a slight slur to his voice. He stood up from the barstool, wavering on rubber-kneed legs.
“No more money, no more drinks,” said the bartender. “But dance for us, and we’ll give you brandy. Dance!”
This command was echoed with enthusiasm by the inn’s other patrons: “Dance! Dance! Dance!”
The young man was lost and lonely, and wanted to dull the gnawing ache in his spirit. Fresh from the Sacreanthood – that elite class of Uulian religious functionaries held in esteem and/or resentment by much of the population – he had no trade, no friends and no money; alone in a crowd of strangers, all he wanted was a drink. Maybe if he entertained these men, they would let him have one.
Prosatio Silban dipped and swayed to a rhythm of his own imagination, almost falling over but steadying himself with a shaking hand on the bar. He leapt in the air, made a valiant effort to click his heels, and fell against one of the other customers. The pain of the man’s fist in his gut made him cry out and grab his belly.
“Don’t hurt him,” said the bartender with a sneer. “Man can’t dance if you hurt him. And if he doesn’t dance, he doesn’t drink.”
Raucous laughter filled the smoky room. Prosatio Silban let go of his throbbing torso and tried to put one foot next to the other. It didn’t work, and he fell to his knees. The acne-faced man he had fallen against punched him in the jaw, and he fell back onto the floor, mouth open in agony of body and soul.
“I’ll give him a drink,” said the acne-faced man. “Hand me that bottle.”
The next thing Prosatio Silban knew, brandy was dribbling into his mouth, onto his wounded jaw, and soaking his stained tunic. He swallowed the fiery fluid, ran his hands down his soggy chest, and put wet fingers in his mouth. Derisive laughter saturated his ears, but he didn’t care.
“C’mon, boys,” said his tormentor. “Let’s drag him to my wagon and dump him outside the village.”
One man grabbed Prosatio Silban’s legs, another his arms, and, laughing, carried him outside. Through heavy lids he glimpsed the wagon – a sturdy covered affair harnessed to a creature he couldn’t identify. For a moment, he thought he was hallucinating. He closed his eyes.
“That’s enough.” A different voice, low and commanding. “I’ll take charge of him now.”
The men dropped him to the dusty roadway. An arm laced itself under Prosatio Silban’s, lifting him to his unsteady feet. He opened one eye to take the measure of his benefactor, but all he could see was a beard and an ear. He closed his eyes again.
Horizontality. Comfort. The smell of yava brewing. And a tremendous ache in his head, with lesser pain in his jaw and stomach.
Prosatio Silban opened his eyes and sat up. The room revolved and he groaned, clutching his head.
“You shouldn’t try to be vertical just yet,” came a low, commanding voice – was it also sympathetic? “Lay back and wait for the yava to brew. I have tended your wounds. Time will do the rest.”
Prosatio Silban obeyed, and the room slowed a bit. “Thank you,” he mumbled.
“You looked like you could use the help,” said the voice. “I have been where you were, and I know.”
“How did you get there?”
“To tell you the truth, I don’t remember her name. Strong drink will do that to a person. It erases memory of everything but the taste and the hunger for more. She was only an excuse, though. By the grace of the Flickering Gods, I was helped out of that trap. And here you are, in similar circumstances.”
His benefactor disappeared for a moment, then returned bearing a steaming cup fragrant with mint. “Drink this,” he said. “It will help with the pain, and aid your sobriety.”
Prosatio Silban took a deep sip, tasting the familiar, bittersweet tang he could never quite identify. Yava was a very old drink, one which stimulated without intoxicating, and only the mystic M’zei to the far north of the Commonwell knew the secrets of its making. They were also lavish in its production.
“You are a Sacreant, yes?” His rescuer appeared to be at least twice as old as Prosatio Silban’s twenty-odd years, but his eyes were young and kind. He was dressed in the earth-toned kneebreeches, tunic and thigh-length vest common to a Freehander, one of the Uulian middle class who worked for himself rather than another, and who could do so with relative autonomy.
“I was a Sacreant. Now I am a drunkard.”
“How did you come to leave the service of the Flickering Gods?”
“That tale is long, but in short, I could not reconcile my faith with my observations. It’s not an unknown condition among those who wear the Rainbow Robe. Not common, but not unknown.”
“Were you dismissed?”
“No. I decided to defrock myself before I could play the hypocrite. But I have no other skills than catering to people in their time of spiritual need; and I felt quite alone, and incompetent, and sorry for myself. So, as the saying goes, ‘I took a drink – then the drink took me.’ That was a year ago. I still don’t know what to do with my life, and I am tired of wasting it. But I don’t know any other course ... so I dance for tavern-drinks and pray for death.”
“What if you had a reason to live?”

* * * 

Prosatio Silban reined to a halt his galleywagon. He was thinking how little Rutley had changed since he last walked its streets: the same stone bridge over Trickle Creek, the same goat-nibbled village common, the same rustic shrine, the same inn – Marton’s Leap, if he recalled aright. He climbed down from the driver’s bench, half-expecting to see Master Trentum emerge from the humble house at the village’s edge.
As he thought this, his late mentor’s housekeeper came bustling up the dusty street, a large basket of multicolored vegetables balanced on her head.
“Miela?” he half-whispered.
“Yes? Oh – MASTER PROSATIO! Is it you?”
Miela beamed at the cook, set down the basket, and grabbed him in a ferocious embrace. “I always knew you would be successful,” she said, releasing him and taking in the COOK FOR ANY PRICE legend painted on the galleywagon’s side. “Look at you now!”
“I’ve missed you, Miela. I’ve also missed Master Trentum. Was he ... did he ...”
“The master died at peace in his sleep not long ago, surrounded by family, acquaintances and friends. He had become somewhat frail, but was well-loved by the local folk, and his pyre was one of the grandest Rutley had ever seen.”
“It is good to know that.”
“Would you like to visit his ashes?”
“That’s why I am here – to pay my respects, and express what I can of my gratitude.”
“Come along with me, then. He’s in the rear yard. And also, our hearts.”
She retrieved her basket and led Prosatio Silban to the house he knew so well: a thatch-roofed, half-timbered cottage, with ivy trained along the walls and a well-kept grill out front. Two tabby cats, grey and ginger, drowsed by the street-facing door. The cook sighed with happiness, and was once again lost in remembrance ...

* * *

“They need to be smaller,” said Trentum Urdoin in a patient tone. “Otherwise, they won’t cook.”
“They” were duckmeat-balls that Prosatio Silban was learning how to shape, with painstaking exactitude, for soup. Too large, and they would be raw in the middle when everything else had finished; too small, and they would become lost in the mélange of fresh vegetables and rich broth.
This is harder than I thought, the would-be cook reflected. But I’m not giving up.
He grabbed a small lump of ground meat and fat, weighed it in his fingers, and rolled it between his palms. “Like this?” he asked, holding up a near-perfect sphere about the size of a child’s marble.
“Like that,” replied his mentor with a smile. “You’ve at last got it right.”
“Thank you,” said Prosatio Silban, selecting and weighing another lump.
Standing at the waist-high butcher’s block, surrounded by saucepans, skillets, stockpots and various types of provender in various stages of rendering, Prosatio Silban assessed his situation. The headaches and soul-aches were fading memories; he had lost his taste for brandy, and anyway Master Trentum was keeping him too busy to think about such concerns. When he wasn’t practicing his promising knife skills in order to cut, chop, slice and dice everything in sight, he was also becoming initiated in the mysteries of transforming raw constituents via heat and other agencies into nourishment, or applying seasonings to make them more palatable.
He had discovered a natural talent for making a sustenance-filled plate, platter or bowl look artistic and welcoming to the diner; a gift for sauce-making, both hot and cold; and an aptitude for preserving food with smoke, salt, spirits, vinegar, or fat. In fact, he was progressing so fast and so well that his mentor, half-joking, told him that he was worried by the competition.
“There will come a day when you will go out into the world to seek your fortune – and find it lying at your feet,” Master Trentum had said. “Soon.”
The two had discussed that possibility with greater frequency over the past weeks. By degrees, Trentum Urdoin had been getting Prosatio Silban used to the idea of becoming a house-cook for one of the Uulian upper classes – the Gentry, perhaps, or even an Heir Second – but his student insisted on taking a position that would let him travel and meet new people.
“What I want is a portable kitchen,” he told his mentor. “Maybe a wagon that would let me bring good food to hungry people and learn about their local cuisines. I would charge whatever my patrons could afford, and keep my costs low through creative recipes that rely on just a few ingredients. I’d need a pantry also ...”
“Don’t get lost in dreams,” Master Trentum admonished. “They are a wonderful exercise, and provide needed hope, but they won’t fill your belly.”

* * * 

The bed where Prosatio Silban had lain healing more than a quarter-century ago looked prepared for his mentor’s return rather than his departure. He noted the yava pot, ceramic mugs, and small table and two chairs in the kitchen adjoining the cottage’s main room.
All here, just as I remembered, he thought. How much I owe this man cannot be calculated. “So, Miela,” he said. “How have the last ten years treated you?”
Miela put the vegetable basket on the kitchen table. “Well enough,” she said. “The joints are creakier and the hair more grey – but no one wants to hear about that.”
“Such things are common to us all,” said the cook. “Was the master ... ill, for very long?”
“Near about a month. It started with his heart, and ended with him confined to his bed. But I’m sure he didn’t suffer; he seemed to get younger and younger as the days rolled by, and then ...”
“He always was a young soul. And the best teacher anyone could want.”
“He was very glad to see you on your last visit. I don’t know whether you knew that, but he was. Always considered you his most gifted apprentice.” Miela wiped one eye with her apron. “Oh, where are my manners? Would you like a nibble or a quaff?”
“How about a mug of yava, for the sake of his memory? I think I remember how he brewed it ...”
“Nonsense. You’re a guest. Pray have a seat.”
The cook sat. Miela busied herself at the stove, pausing now and then for conversation. Soon the scent of bitter mint filled the kitchen, and the housekeeper set two steaming mugs on the table.
Raising one, Prosatio Silban said, “’To absent friends.’”
“I will always drink to that,” replied Miela, and did. “As long as you’re here, Master Prosatio, there’s an item I know he wanted you to have. He said it meant something to you.”
Miela left the room and returned, holding out an open hand. On her palm was a small black-iron pendant, shaped like a wineglass, and attached to a worn leather thong.
Prosatio Silban smiled with recognition. He picked it up, remembering ...

* * *

As village inns went, Marton’s Leap was what the Uulian traveling public would call “adequate without being fancy.” It offered simple fare (a soup or stew of the day, with ale and a hunk of coarse brown seedbread), but the beds were comfortable and the drink-offerings varied. It was named after a local celebrity who, chased by malevolent robbers, goaded his horse to jump swift-if-spare Trickle Creek and escape. In gratitude to the gods who had aided him – Ulbis of the Next Footstep; Atluuk of the Fortuitous Escape, and Valmasorn, Defender of the Way Home – Marton built a shrine to their names; when the shrine attracted pilgrims, he built the adjacent inn to serve them.
However, not all of the pilgrims-cum-guests were of a savory disposition. Such was the man who had beaten Prosatio Silban and soaked him with brandy. That had been almost a year ago to the day, but the cook noticed him while procuring ingredients in Rutley’s modest marketplace: a tall, wiry man with a bad case of acne. He was a consistent Marton’s Leap customer, with a reputation for vicious tippling; at the sight of him, Prosatio Silban’s heart froze.
“You don’t need to go in there,” Trentum Urdoin was saying. “That is your past.”
“It’s because it’s my past that I have to go in there,” replied his protégé. “But it’s alright. I have ballasted my stomach with beef and potatoes. I should be fine.”
He regarded the inn’s double doors for several loud heartbeats, and took a decisive step toward them.
“Wait,” Trentum Urdoin said. He held out a black-iron amulet attached to a leather thong. “I know that you have all but forsaken the Flickering Gods, but I also know They have not forsaken you. They smile on you still, perhaps more than ever since you have made yourself more worthy of the life They have bestowed on you. Wear this. It will help you in your endeavor.”
Prosatio Silban accepted the gift with a nod. “Thank you,” he said, tying the thong around his neck and tucking the charm into his tunic. “I hope I won’t need it.”
“Do you want me to come in with you?” asked Trentum Urdoin. “After all, it is my money you’re using.”
“No, I don’t expect this to take very long. I just need what another man has – a man with whom I have a history.” And with that, the new-minted cook walked through the doors.
So the circle turns, Prosatio Silban thought as he entered the inn’s smoky great-room. His acne-faced quarry was at the bar, holding forth to a bemused crowd of pilgrims and villagers.
“... so I said to him, ‘Who do you think you are?’” he was saying. “’I live here, and’ – well, if it isn’t the Dancing Sacreant. Haven’t seen you around these parts of late, boy. You been drinking elsewhere?”
“Don’t let me interrupt,” Prosatio Silban said. “I have business with you, but it can wait until you finish your story.”
The man drew himself up. “What’s the business?”
“You have something I want.”
“Didn’t you learn your lesson last year? Don’t trifle with your betters, son.”
“I don’t intend to. But I can’t afford to buy the item from you, so I will let you lose it to me through a drinking contest.”
“Ho ho. What’s in it for me?”
Prosatio Silban hoisted a grey leather pouch, jingled it. “Ten in silver. It’s not enough for the purchase, but it should keep you in brandy for a while if I lose. And I’ll buy the drinks.”
The acne-faced man looked at the pouch, licked his lips, then looked at the student cook. “Bottoms up,” he said.

* * * 

 “Do you know where or how he came by this?” asked Prosatio Silban, holding up the black-iron charm.
Miela frowned. “I don’t,” she said. “I don’t even know what it is.”
“It’s an amulet. A holy amulet. Sacred to Qarrien, Goddess of Steadfast Sobriety. You might say that, without it, I wouldn’t have been absent for so long ...”

* * * 

The bartender’s voice was loud with awe and importance. “Fourteen brandies down. One to go, gentlemen.”
Prosatio Silban sat straight in his chair with a look of purposeful equanimity. On the stained oak table before him were twenty-eight small overturned cups and two upright, the latter brimful with brandy. Across from him, the acne-faced man leaned dangerously atilt, one arm anchoring him to the tabletop.
“Are you ready?” asked the bartender.
“Yes,” said the student cook.
“Unh,” said the acne-faced man.
“Then drink,” said the bartender, and the surrounding crowd took up the chant. “Drink! Drink! Drink!”
Prosatio Silban raised the cup to his lips, opened his mouth, threw back his head, then set the drained vessel next to its upside-down fellows. His opponent’s unsteady hand tried to execute the same maneuver, but instead spilled his cup’s contents down the front of his tunic; he grunted, smiled an insensible conqueror’s smile, then sprawled face-down on the table and began to snore.
“I believe you are the new owner of a house-wagon and its dray-beast,” the bartender told Prosatio Silban, then beckoned to the crowd. “Boys – drag Pimple out of here.”

* * * 

“Here he is,” said Miela, indicating the small rock pile behind Trentum Urdoin’s late abode. “In his later years, he told me more than once that his soul was in this cottage, and he wanted his cremains to stay here. Almost up to the end, he still cooked in the front yard for wayfaring pilgrims, more than a few of whom were quite moneyed and appreciative. He lacked for nothing – including friends.” She sniffed. “I’ll leave you be with him.”
“Thank you,” Prosatio Silban said, and knelt before the pile. He touched its capstone with a trembling finger, and brought the finger to his lips.
“Old man,” he whispered. “Old man, I cannot thank you enough for your kindness. I’m sorry I didn’t get to see you again, but I was doing what you taught me – and in the way you taught me to do it. If it weren’t for you ...”
He smiled, bowed his head, then produced from his belt-pouch a small grey stone, round and rippled and removed from between here and there on the road to Rutley. He added the stone to the base of the rock pile.
“If it weren’t for you, I’d never have made it there, or back here again, or to any of the wonderful, challenging places in between,” Prosatio Silban whispered. “It’s a good life, now. I wonder where it will take me next?”



Advertent Appetizer
In which one of Our Hero’s customers sings for her supper.


AND THEN THERE WAS THE time Prosatio Silban sold a meal for a song – literally.
The Cook For Any Price had set up his galleywagon in the small, quiet, and mostly indifferent marketplace at the village of Taverner’s Luck, and so far that day had served but a sparse handful of customers. The weather matched his mood: cold, windy, and with low-hung clouds portending rain.
A passing woman paused to study the cook’s painted menu board. Her short black hair, wide eyes, and long, multicolored tunic proclaimed her a soul-singer from far-off Aydnzmir, City of Harmony.
Prosatio Silban bowed. “With what may I please you?” he asked.
“I see you have an extensive menu,” she said. “May one ask after something that’s not featured?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Have you ever heard of ‘tantushi?’ It is a specialty of my native land, and unknown outside it.”
“A simple dish, but subtle. I learned to prepare it years ago while researching extracultural cuisines. I always serve it whenever I visit your city, but that has now been years ago. How forgiving is your palate?”
“Very. I am more than a little homesick, and even a mediocre serving would be a calmative to my spirit.”
“I trust that my preparation will be better than mediocre,” Prosatio Silban said. “Please – take a seat. I shall serve you presently.”

* * * 

“By the Silent Octave!” exclaimed the soul-singer, laying aside her chopsticks with a contented sigh. “I have not supped so well in all my travels, or even at home. What do I owe you for this excellence?”
“Only four in copper,” Prosatio Silban said.
“A bargain indeed,” she said, reaching for her coin-pouch. A look of shock passed over her face.
“My purse!” she said. “It’s been cut!” Turning horrified eyes to the cook, she produced what remained of the pouch’s hanger-string. “Please! You must believe me!”
Prosatio Silban regarded her with professional equanimity. “I do,” he said. “Your misfortune is, I am afraid, all too commonplace in such ill-favored times and places as these. Consider the meal my gift to you.”
“You are most kind. But I insist on some sort of compensation.”
“What do you offer?”
“A song. We of Aydnzmir are not unskilled in matters musical, and I am sure I can create something appropriate to the location and occasion.”
“I would be honored. It might even have the secondary effect of attracting more custom.”
The soul-singer unslung an ivory-and-gold lyre, cleared her throat, and began to sing in a thrilling contralto:

“Tantushi!
By turns sweet and savory.
Tender grains
Kissed by sauces supernal,
Tastes of the sea
And the earth.
From patient hands comes
Food for kings,
Singers,
Prophets,
And all good and simple folk. 
Tantushi –
Inspirer of song
And appetite,
Of old lands
And new acquaintances.”

She played a final note, then raised a shy grin to Prosatio Silban. “How was that?” she asked.
Before the cook could answer, a well-dressed older man spoke up. “I do not know what that woman was singing about, but I must sample it at once,” he said. “Could you please bring me a bowl? I can almost taste it!”
“That goes for me as well,” said a young woman in a dark green shift, sitting down at one of Prosatio Silban’s tables-and-chairs. “I have never heard of the like, and I must try it. It sounds delicious.”
“And me!” “I also!” “Us too!” came a chorus of voices from the modest crowd that had suddenly descended on the cook’s galleywagon.
“Patience, good folk,” Prosatio Silban said, his face beaming a warm welcome. “I shall be happy to serve you all.”
The soul-singer bowed. “Is my debt to you discharged?”
The cook returned the bow. “Indeed,” he said. “With great interest.”



Child’s Play
In which Our Hero suffers a crisis.


THERE IS A MOMENT IN an out-of-control situation when its utter wrongness becomes apparent – the same moment that the experiencer realizes there’s not a damned thing to be done about it.
Such were Prosatio Silban’s thoughts as his galleywagon slid sideways off the ridge-girdling road and down the steep cliff he had been so carefully avoiding.
He just had time to realize what was happening as he was thrown from the driver’s bench hard against a cliffside boulder. He bounced onto his back, heels over head, at the cliff’s base. The sharp pain in his ribs made him want to cry out, but he couldn’t get his breath. All he could do was watch and listen as his portable livelihood-venue rolled over twice and came to rest upright.
Sweet merciful All-Mother! he thought, gaping and gasping. What about my dray-beast?
It was some time before he could focus his eyes, but when he looked up the hill, his beloved buopoth, Onward, was looking down at him from several manheights above. It must have slipped out of its harness – an instinctive trick for a shapeshifter, he thought. The chatoyant animal looked lost and concerned all at once, and Prosatio Silban wished he could offer it comfort.
The cook inhaled as much as the pain would let him, then exhaled in jagged puffs. “Onward,” he croaked. The quaint dray-beast cocked one of its ears. “Onward,” he repeated. “Please. Get. Help.”
Onward disappeared. The longtime duo had passed through one of the Uulian Commonwell’s smaller villages a while ago, and the next was many miles ahead – but the road between was seldom traveled. Prosatio Silban tried not to think about the futility of rescue – or even whether Onward had sense enough to bring it.

* * * 

I should have taken the forest road, the cook mused. It would have added another day’s drive, yes, but then I wouldn’t be laying here at the bottom of this cliff. Or I should have been paying closer attention to this road instead of considering my almost-empty coin jar. Or perhaps –
Light hoofbeats sounded from far above Prosatio Silban, interrupting his self-castigation. With the noonday sun blinding him, he couldn’t be sure what was up there, but the sound was growing louder by the second. Then it stopped.
Onward? So soon? the cook wondered.
“Halloo? Halloo! Are you hurt?” cried a man’s voice.
Prosatio Silban squinted up, but in vain.
“Help me,” he moaned. “Chest hurts.”
“Hold on, mister. Help is coming.” A different voice. Was there more than one rescuer?
Two ropes uncoiled from above, their ends raising dust puffs as they struck nearby, and two men slowly rappelled the cliff face until they reached its bottom. They wore the rough-cut kneebreeches and tunics of the Commonwell’s lower classes; their muscular arms and legs proclaimed them farmers, or builders, or laborers of some sort.
“Let’s get you set up,” said one. He gently dragged Prosatio Silban from the cliff’s base until he was lying flat, then pillowed his head on a broad rock. The cook’s chest throbbed, but at least he could see and breathe a bit better.
“Thank you,” he whispered, relief warming him like a shot of ginger brandy.
“You’re a mess,” said the other man. “How’d this happen? That your wagon?”
“In the wagon,” Prosatio Silban wheezed. “Helpful things. Medicinal spices. Bandages. In pantry. On the right. As you enter.”
The men exchanged glances. “All right,” said the first. “Wait here. We’ll bring out everything you need.”
The cook closed his eyes. “Thank you,” he breathed.
The men climbed up into the galleywagon, and rifled about inside. They emerged bearing spice bottles, bandages, food, drink, clothing, and a hasty assortment of other desirables. One was holding a heavy – but largely empty – coin jar. They were smiling cats-caught-the-bird smiles.
Prosatio Silban’s stomach went cold. “You’re,” he said. “Robbing? Me?”
“That’s. Right,” the first man said with a grin, settling a broad-brimmed hat on Prosatio Silban’s head. “To keep. The sun. Off your face. Thank. You.”
They gathered their ill-gotten treasures into two colorful silk robes, then tied the makeshift bundles to the ropes and took firm hold. “Harrio!” the second man called up the cliff. “Haul away!”
The thieves’ steady ascent was punctuated by laughter and whooping. Soon, Prosatio Silban was alone again.

* * * 

There are many ways to die in the wild, Prosatio Silban reflected. Exposure. Snake or voonith bite. Dehydration. Demons. Rockslide. Sadistic highwaymen. And those are just the slow methods. He closed bloodshot eyes and took as deep a breath as he could manage.
“O Thykol, God of Unlooked-For Grace; Marella, Goddess of Sudden-Lit Obscurity; and Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None Is Felt; hear my plea and grant my boon,” he whispered. “You have done me innumerable kindnesses in my travels to serve Your children in the Commonwell and the Exilic Lands. Please – help me do so again. All I ask is for You to restore my strength so that I may climb out of my present circumstance and into the next one. In return, I will make happy as many of Your children as I can with the skills You have given me. This I affirm.”
The cook waited, expecting a vision or transformation, but nothing came save a still, small sense that he had been heard. Sometimes, all the gods can do is to help us feel a bit less alone and abandoned, he thought, and sighed. I’ll take it.
Minutes later, heavy footfalls sounded from far overhead, then stopped.
I don’t have anything left to rob! Prosatio Silban thought. By the All-Limiter, whatever death or misery your stark fist has in store, please let it be quick.
A rattling hoot drifted toward him, and a familiar face peered over the cliff’s edge.
ONWARD! the cook wanted to shout. He broke into a sincere smile. “Good. Boy,” he breathed.
The dray-beast’s outlines flowed into those of an enormous silver bird, which then spiraled with graceful ease down the cliff. As it retook its former shape, Prosatio Silban noticed his buopoth wasn’t alone.
“Hello,” said the child.
Oh, no, Prosatio Silban thought. Oh, Onward – what have you done?
The child was of indeterminate gender, perhaps nine or ten years of age, and olive-complected. It was wearing nondescript clothing, and its bright green eyes pierced the cook’s from under a curly tangle of night-black hair as it descended from Onward’s back. Its voice was musical, but the sort of music that evoked melancholy contemplation rather than uplifting joy.
There are times when time itself expands; when the slow heartbeats stop, leaving nothing but intent perception. At such times it is important to speak the truth, because everything pivots on what you may say next – where the words you use become eternal as iron-graven granite.
This, Prosatio Silban thought, is one of those times.
“Hello,” he replied.
“Gravity getting the better of you?” asked the child, with no trace of a smile.
“Yes.”
“That can happen. Let me see your heart.” The child knelt beside the injured cook and placed a hand on his chest. Prosatio Silban winced, but to his surprise, the touch warmed him. The child closed its eyes, and the warmth grew hot.
What is happening? thought the cook as the heat on his chest faded – along with the pain.
“Better?” asked the child.
“Yes,” Prosatio Silban replied, confused by how easily he could now speak. “Thank you.” He tried to rise, but the child put a finger to its lips.
“You do have a good heart, but it needs a moment's rest,” the child said. “Tell me, what is your greatest wish?”
Again came the expanded-time stillness. “To make a quiet living serving the hungry souls I encounter,” Prosatio Silban said. “But right now, my greater wish is that I had taken the forest road – instead of becoming distracted by money woes.”
“You do not wish for more money?”
“Yes. Of course. But if I had paid closer attention to where I was going, I would now be on my way to earn more money. That is the essence of the game, and it is the game that I most enjoy.”
“I see,” the child said gravely, and stood. “That was all I needed to know.”
“Wait!” said the cook, and the landscape began to melt ...

* * *

Prosatio Silban tugged on his buopoth’s plaited yak-hair reins, halting the galleywagon’s forward progress. “The ridge road is tempting, I admit,” he told his dray-beast. “But I think we’ll take the forest road instead. It will take a day longer, but what of it? One never knows whom one might meet ...”



Sudden Feline
In which Our Hero becomes wise in cat-lore.


IT BEGAN WITH AN ALMOST automatic kindness, and led to an inevitable but gracious end.
Prosatio Silban was tidying up after a slow morning when he first heard the meow. His galleywagon was parked in the marketplace at Rathlu, the centermost of the Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell. He was standing at the sink; one by one the beefy cook selected plates, bowls, and cutlery from a small pile of dirty dishes; passed them through a large, teak-mounted bone hoop; then stacked the now-clean ones on the adjacent preparation-counter. I almost feel guilty using magik instead of water, he thought, seeing how there are so few of these. Still, it’s a relaxing noonday ritual.
He cocked an ear at the open half-door. Rathlu was known for its robust feline population, and those he had seen that day were magnificent specimens of their secretive race: cats large and small, black, grey, striped, yellow, and white, all sleek with loving care and lavish feeding. His favorites were the tiger-striped, and when he opened the door’s lower half, a smile lit his face. Before him sat an ancient grey-and-brown tabby, looking up at him with one golden eye; the other was a filmed-over blue.
“By Hartiz, Protectress of Companion Beasts!” Prosatio Silban exclaimed. “What has happened to your eye?”
The cat coughed politely. “Some accidents cannot be avoided,” it said in a pleasant tenor. “But I can see well enough to keep the mice in line. To the point of my visit, though: do you have any fish to spare?”
The cook opened his mouth, closed it, then opened it again. “Wouldn’t you instead prefer a saucer of rich cream?”
The cat shook its head. “That is a common misconception,” it said. “Cream is indeed tasty, but bad for the digestion. We would like to educate you two-legs on that generous but misguided impulse. Fish will do instead; either fresh or tinned, please.”
“I have nothing fresh, but let me check my pantry. Won’t you come in?”
“Thank you.” The cat stood up, extending an inquisitive paw to the doorstep. Satisfied, it sauntered over to the galleywagon’s ornate braided rug, where it stretched and began kneading the soft fibers with its forepaws before fixing an expectant look on the bemused cook.
“Excuse me,” Prosatio Silban said. He dug into his capacious pantry, searching here, rummaging there, and emerged holding a modest tin of mumblefish.
“This was put up by the Azon fisherfolk,” he said with a triumphant smile. “Their methods are a mystery to me, but their tinned fish does taste better than fresh – and better still as it ages. Would you prefer a plate, or a bowl?”
“A plate, please,” said the cat. “Bowls crowd my whiskers.”
The cook selected a clean plate from the pile on the counter. Soon, the aroma of oil-preserved fish filled the galleywagon as he placed the laden plate on the rug.
“Thank you,” said the cat, and set to work. When its meal was gone, it licked first its right paw, then the left, preening its mouth in between. Curling up on the rug, it gazed at the cook with its good eye.
“How is it that you are able to talk?” asked Prosatio Silban.
“All cats can talk,” replied his visitor. “But not all two-legs can listen. It takes a special gift to hear our subtle and largely silent language, and you seem to be one who has it.”
“I am very fond of ... of ‘four-legs,’” the cook said with a smile. “They have a certain charm that many two-legs lack, but which I find irresistible. Is Rathlu your home?”
“It is now,” said the cat. “I led a strange and wonderful life before settling here. The locals are gentle and generous, and my feline colleagues always have much to say about their kindness – in contrast to the world’s in general. It is a fine place to live out one’s sundown years.”
“’Sundown years?’”
The cat yawned. “Yes. We cats know when we are going to leave this, the most interesting of all possible worlds, and take great care in choosing our exit-place. This is why I have come to you.”
A cold knot gripped Prosatio Silban’s vitals. “To me?”
“You are not a resident of Rathlu, but you do exhibit the marks of one who is. You are also well-spoken of by my feline colleagues, for your compassion as well as for your discretion. The former quality is much valued in cat society – when one is both predator and prey, one notices such things – and the latter is essential to sophisticates of any species. It would be an honor to take leave of the world in your company.”
“But ...” the cook faltered for words. “But I do not wish to take leave of your company. We have just met, after all, and I was hoping to extend our brief acquaintance into a friendship. I pass through here so rarely that it would be a benevolence to visit with someone dear when I do.”
“I understand your reluctance. I have no eager wish to die either. But these matters are as out of my paws as anyone’s. It is now my time, and Hartiz – with the goddess you call ‘The All-Mother’ – has allowed me my choice of place. Should I pick Rathlu’s deep surrounding forest, passing there both unseen and unmourned?”
“I suppose not.”
“Well. I hope you see the great favor you are doing me.”
“And I hope you see the great pain you are giving me.”
“It cannot be helped. Come sit next to me on the rug, and I will impart all the secrets of my race as I still can ...”
That is how, over the course of a quiet afternoon, Prosatio Silban became wise in cat-lore and -legendry. He learned why it is that they sometimes dash about the house in search of nothing visible; why they feel the need to play with their living food; why their reflexes often result in clothing-tangled claws; why they do this; why they do that; and most precious of all mysteries, why they purr with such contentment. As the afternoon faded into dusk, the cat’s tenor waned to a whisper, his eyes half-closing in ostensible slumber.
Finally, there came a time when it could say little more. “Do you understand all that I have told you?” it breathed.
“Yes,” replied Prosatio Silban, suppressing a tear. “But please – please. Don’t die. I still have much to learn from you.”
His words fell on unhearing ears as, with one final soft purr, the cat exhaled its spirit. The cook closed his own eyes, bowed his head, and gave vent to a heartfelt sob.
And to this day, if you look very carefully in the forest surrounding Rathlu, you may see at the foot of an ancient grey-and-brown oak a tiny grave-mound marked by a simple plank of wood inscribed, “To my unnamed teacher: Thank you. P.S.” It is said that no autumn-felled leaf can obscure it.



Workman’s Wages
In which Our Hero suffers a setback.


ALL GOOD THINGS MUST EVENTUALLY be replaced, though not without effort or expense – so Prosatio Silban discovered on a cloudy summer’s day in stony-hearted Tirinbar, that most avaricious of the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities.
To be precise: the cook’s beloved six-burner fatberry-oil cookstove with the dented chimney pipe, which had served him well for more than a quarter-century, suffered a rather fiery demise due to his having pushed the ancient equipment’s limits once too often. He was in his galleywagon preparing a scant handful of different breakfasts (marbled eggs, poached eggs, eggs over easy, 180-heartbeat eggs, four large duck-sausages, and root-hash, all accompanied by eight slices of various oven-toasted bread), when all at once he was dumping frantic handsful of sand on leaping flames and trying to keep the honeywood backsplash and adjacent bulkhead from igniting. His swift efforts proved successful, but the stovetop itself (not to mention the food) was a complete loss.
By Donekar, Watcher over Unintended Mishap; and Angrim, the All-Limiter, he thought as he surveyed the smoking, sandy mess. Help me to at least know what my next step is – and likewise, give me strength enough to take it.
“What’s all this, then?” barked an official-looking man in the grey woolen tabard and black chainmail of a Tirinbar city guard. He was standing in the galleywagon’s open doorway with an I’ve-smelled-something-very-unpleasant expression on his doughy face.
“A small stove-fire, now extinguished,” Prosatio Silban answered. “It is fortunate that nothing else was harmed.”
“Not so small, it seems. It could have burned up your galleywagon, and then the neighboring market-stalls. And look at your wall panel! You will need to replace that at least.”
“It’s a bulkhead.”
“Bulk ... what?”
“Bulkhead. The former ship’s-carpenter who outfitted my galleywagon called it by that name, and I was so charmed by the term that –”
“Whatever he called it, it too will need repairs,” interrupted the guard, scribbling in a rag-paper notebook. “That’s two violations of our city’s danger-policy, not to mention an offense against the All-Limiter’s sense of proper endings. See at once to righting all three.”
“How do you suggest I do that?” he asked.
“That’s not my concern. And you should keep it from becoming so ...” The guard extended an open hand.
Suppressing an annoyed sigh, the cook reached into his apron’s coin-pocket, pulled out one in silver, and placed the coin in the proffered palm. The guard smiled and tucked the bribe into his own pouch.
“Beyond Tirinbar’s mountain-foot gate, on the Inland Deep’s shore, there is a high cliff overlooking the city’s dumping-ground,” he said. “What happens to your stove then is up to the Flickering Gods. Only be sure to remove it from the marketplace before nightfall. Otherwise, it would be a fourth violation – and I’m not certain you could afford that.” With a meaningful sneer, the guard stomped off.
Having apologized to his disappointed customers and refunded their coin, Prosatio Silban cast about for porters. Such could always be found in profusion in the Commonwell’s markets, to fetch, carry or labor for the price of a few in copper. But there were none in the immediate vicinity. At last, four makeshift streets away, he found a trio of men fitting his needs. Each bore a resemblance to the others, and as he approached they were rolling tetrahedral bones against the side of a palm-wine stall.
The cook cleared his throat. “I need strapping men for a quick haul of a heavy load.”
“How heavy?” asked one.
“A six-burner cookstove.”
“How quick?” asked another.
“From here to the city’s dumping-ground.”
“When?” asked the third.
“Right away.”
The men exchanged squints. “Ah, but there’s where it gets difficult,” said the first with a sneer. “We are brothers. And today is our birthday.”
“What does that mean?” asked the cook. 
“It means we do not work,” added the second.
“Without extra wages,” put in the third.
With a bland expression, Prosatio Silban reached into his jingling coin-pocket. “Would ten in copper change your mind?”
“For all, or for each?” asked the first.
“All,” said the cook.
“Sorry,” said the second, and rattled the dice in his closed hand.
“Fine. Each, then, and payable at the job site.”
“Master Cook, you have hired yourself six eager hands,” declared the third. The others smiled in agreement.

* * * 

In order to remove the cookstove, the brothers first had to detach the galleywagon’s upper and lower door-halves, which they did after much discussion. A small crowd of vendors and vendees supervised the operation, offering such advice and encouragement as, “Go it, lads!” “Watch your heads!” and “Watch your backs!” They and their weighty charge exited Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon, inched past his driver’s bench, and landed in a waiting oxcart. A great cheer went up.
The porters reattached the half-doors, and as their low-riding cart disappeared cliffward, the cook-errant re-entered his portable workplace and inspected the now-bare bulkhead. It was indeed damaged – scorches and sears mostly – but on the whole, it had fared better than it looked. Now to seek a stovewright, he thought. But first, I need a carpenter.
The latter proved simpler to find. “An easy repair,” she said, caressing the blackened bulkhead. “The burned panel will need removal and replacement. However, today is sacred to my patron, Ghu the All-Crafter. It is a time to contemplate handiwork, not engage in it.”
“There is no contemplation without something to contemplate,” Prosatio Silban pointed out. “Could you not be persuaded to do so in a renovated galleywagon?”
She sneered in the same manner as the now-departed brothers. “One-and-one-half in silver to rend, likewise to mend, and three to four hours’ work. And for an additional six in copper, I can give you the name and address of a good stovewright.”
“Only six in copper? Judging by your fellow citizens, I expected a much larger sum. In any case, I will meet your price.”
“It is a holyday discount, Master Cook. Gulo Nataar, whose shop lies in the Street of the Makers, is a tall man of solid build, with flame-red hair and three fingers on his left hand. A word in your ear – he is more religious than I, so he’ll likely be observing the day at the True Temple rather than at home.”
“Well. Thank you for your service and advice,” Prosatio Silban said. It is now the touch of noon, he thought. How am I to fill the empty hours?

* * *

After spending a half-hour quaffing overpriced, inferior duliac in one of the City of Toil’s sparsely tenanted taverns, and an additional quarter-hour splashing pebbles into the icy Inland Deep, Prosatio Silban was at his wits’ end for a diversion. Without a stove, I can’t practice my trade for at least this afternoon. With the noisy carpenter, I can’t even relax in my sleeping berth browsing a collection of Barbatus the Elder’s gripping fables. By Everwen, Finder of the Otherwise Obscure! I might as well try to contact this Gulo Nataar in the place where he prays. How many tall, stocky redheads can there be in this city – or at least in the Temple?
The True Temple was a massive, arcade-bordered marble dome, located in Tirinbar’s geographic center like a stone heart pulsing with the rhythm of its supplicators’ chants. Prosatio Silban could hear the call-and-response rhythms from blocks away. It was overflowing with worshippers; some tended miniature altars crowned with images of the Lord of Practical Creativity, while others contemplated various works of cunning fabrication. The mercenary cook scanned the crowd but caught no glimpse of his quarry. I’ll have to pass a gate-ward, he thought, and won’t that be happy?
Donning his most earnest and faith-proclaiming expression, Prosatio Silban approached the nearest doorway. The great ivory-columned portal was blocked by a broad-shouldered man wearing the tricolor livery of a Temple guard. He fastened suspicious eyes on the advancing cook.
“Halt in the name of the Flickering Gods!” the guard barked. “What is your business?”
“I wish to make obeisance.”
The guard swept a suggestive hand at the surrounding worshippers. “It is too crowded within. You will have to make reverential do on the lawn, with the rest of the latecomers.”
“But I also have an urgent message for Gulo Nataar. He is inside.”
“That is your problem. However, I cannot allow you to enter.”
“Can you give the message to him?”
“Services have already begun. It would be mild sacrilege for me to leave my post for any reason.”
“Let me put it another way. Do you stand here for love of the god, or for payment?”
The guard sneered. “What are you asking me?”
“I am asking you if one in silver would allow me to complete my errand.”
“No. But two would.”

* * * 

The Temple interior was murky with incense-smoke and loud with sacred cadence. As his eyes adjusted to the brazier-lit gloom, Prosatio Silban cast probing glances among the genuflecting congregation.
By the All-Mother! he thought. How am I ever going to find the stovewright?
Just then a tall, well-built man stood up three rows before him. Bestowing excuse-mes and I’m-sorries upon those he jostled and whose toes he crushed, the cook made his fumbling way toward the man’s seat. Sure enough, the seat-back was marked with a modest brass plaque reading “Sir Gulo Nataar.”
I have you now, Prosatio Silban thought with a grim grin, and leaned forward to introduce himself.
At that exact moment, the Temple choir and assembled congregants began singing a spirited rendition of the beloved Uulian hymn, “In Your Skillful Hands.” Gulo Nataar, an open codex before him, closed his eyes and joined in with a joyful tenor. In part, it went like this:
“We are as clay or wood or bronze
Waiting for Your impress, waiting for Your impress;
More complex than inanimate contrivance
We sing to You with the body You made for us.”
Reverent faces aglow, Gulo Nataar and his co-worshippers took their seats once again. I don’t know this service very well, Prosatio Silban thought. I’ll have to be brief.
“Excuse me,” he said to the stovewright. “I am Prosatio Silban, ‘The Cook For Any Price,’ and I have a –” 
“All praise to the All-Crafter!” sang the enraptured assembly. “All praise to His wondermaking skills!”
“— for you,” the cook finished.
Gulo Nataar fixed him with one frosty eye. “I am trying to pray here,” he said, “and I will not conduct business in this holy place.” So saying, he bowed low in devout homage. Prosatio Silban did the same, then tugged at one voluminous sleeve.
“You do not understand,” he said. “My livelihood, and by extension my life, are at stake.”
“Not interested.”
“Please? What would the merciful All-Mother say?”
“She would not say it to me.”
“Not even to help a fellow Uulian?”
“Begone with you.”
“What about for seven-and-a-half in gold?”
Gulo Nataar opened his mouth, closed it, looked down at the persistent cook, and sneered.

* * * 

Chuckling to himself, Prosatio Silban flicked the plaited yak-hair reins and urged his dray-beast along the road from Tirinbar. They seemed to travel a touch more slowly than was usual, which the cook attributed to his new and heavier-than-before cookstove.
The way to a man’s heart, he thought with satisfaction, is often through his coin-pouch.



Small Packages
In which Our Hero considers a shopkeeper’s legend.


HAD IT NOT BEEN FOR a layman’s questioning, Prosatio Silban might never have learned of the Hidden God.
“What’s with all the crusted comestibles?” he overheard someone ask, on a day when the cook was browsing cosmopolitan Soharis’ thronged street-food marketplace. The question was directed to the owner of a food stall whose offerings included dumplings, wraps, hand pies, rice-paper rolls, pancake-tubes, and a dozen other examples of the stuffed-with-deliciousness kind.
“There is an interesting story behind that,” replied the proprietor in a cheerful voice. “A long time ago, a monk of one of the Uulian Commonwell’s more obscure orders and reputed Rimless Sea traveler asked the same question. Wherever he went, he found a variation on that theme. Whether steamed, fried, baked, or just eaten raw, every culture he visited had its own version of a small edible package full of something tasty.
“He had no one to ask for an explanation, and the more places he visited, the more his curiosity grew. At last, he took up his question with the Flickering Gods Themselves. ‘O Lambent Ones, Makers of Life’s Moments, and Revelatory Enablers, hear my plea and grant my boon,’ he prayed. ‘Why is there so much parceled provender?’
“At first, he had no answer. Undiscouraged, he tried again, this time invoking Toth-Ar, God of All Things Known. Still there came no answer. But just as he was on the verge of despair, a quiet voice within him disclosed itself. ‘What you seek is not easily found,’ it said. ‘In fact, it is the purview and inspiration of the Hidden God – a difficult deity to discern, as It resides within Its own profound inexplicability. But this much is known – there is a certain cave-temple deep within the Valley of Silence. Seek that, and perhaps It will grant your request.’
“The monk packed a light bag of travelers’ necessaries and set off. The way was long, and not without its hazards, but after some time he found himself standing before a cave, its open mouth reeking with unbreathed-for-aeons air. He lit a torch and began his descent.
“Soon he came to a large chamber where the air was less foul, with a tall dais atop which sat a robed and veiled figure exuding a sense of calm competency. ‘I am Whom you seek – the Hidden God,’ it murmured. ‘What is your question?’
“’I must know,’ said the monk. ‘Why are there so many varieties of filled fare?’
“’There are three answers,’ said the robed deity. ‘First, they keep the hands relatively clean. Second, they provide a sense of appetizing anticipation. And last, by concealing their contents, they occasionally inspire the curiosity of diligent seekers like yourself. Such secret things are My concern but, by definition, few know about Me. Gods are insignificant without worshippers, or even chance guests. Go – and spread My name, or at least My meaning, to all who will listen.’
“And so,” concluded the pastry vendor, “you know all about It. The monk’s task is thus done and never done, at the same time. It is a paradox, but a savory one; I hope you will not keep it to yourself.”



Tournament Palatine
In which Our Hero competes against the Commonwell’s most educated palates.


THE SCULLERY MISTRESS HELD A brimful cup to Prosatio Silban’s waiting lips; he sniffed, sipped, and swallowed.
“It is well that I am blindfolded,” he said with a triumph, “or else I’d see the nutmeg before tasting it.”
“That would defeat the purpose of this experibent,” Plerus Barja chided. “You are supposed to tell be everythig that is id this dish.”
Prosatio Silban nodded. “Milk, cream, cane-sugar, egg yolk, essence of cured orchid-pod. And, of course, the nutmeg. In exactly that ratio.”
“Unbelievable,” said the scullery mistress.
“I bow to your expertise,” said Plerus Barja.
“May I remove the blindfold?”
“Please.”
The Cook For Any Price untied the scarf that bound his eyes. Warm sunlight washed his client’s capacious kitchen, illuminating (among other things) a collection of cook- and serving-ware in various stages of employment. On the stove, a pot of yava-destined water was coming to the boil; the scullery mistress excused herself while the other two continued conversing.
“Do you feel ready?” asked Plerus Barja.
“As ready as I could be on such short notice,” Prosatio Silban answered, and took a reflexive step back. “About that – how is your head-cold?”
“Ah. I ab still idcapacitated. I ab, however, happy that you will be participatig od by behalf.”
“Of course. With what else may I please you?”
Plerus Barja grinned. “Odly to prevail,” he said.
Their conversation concerned one of epicurean Pormaris’ most celebrated annual events: the Tournament Palatine, held at that city’s famed Archive of Gastronomic Artifice and drawing amateur and professional gourmands from all over the Uulian Commonwell. Prosatio Silban had agreed to represent Sir Plerus Barja, one of his most loyal and steady clients, who was rendered ineligible due to an unfortunate encounter with a spirit of ill-health. The contest was open to anyone who could put up the requisite entry fee, with the winner earning the coveted Golden Spoon and a bottle of aged blue duliac from the Archive’s well-stocked cellar.
Came the morrow, Pormaris was abuzz. The Tournament was housed in one of the Archive’s larger halls, and the gallery was crowded with the sort of audience one would expect at an event such as this: cuisinal writers, scullery workers, home cooks, house chefs, cookery students, food merchants, snack vendors, gastronomes, gourmets, gluttons, tasters, nobles, gentry, dilettantes, farmers, husbandrists, close friends, eager onlookers, hungry beggars, and aspiring pickpockets. The anticipatory atmosphere could be cut with a bench-scraper.
As a mercenary cook and all-around connoisseur, Prosatio Silban lived for these moments. ‘There may be no greater measure of a civilization than how it conducts itself at table,’ he quoted to himself as he ascended three marble steps to the proscenium and took his place with nine other contenders. These included a noble’s nervous house-chef, a boorish wine merchant, a specialty victualer, a jaded Heir Second, a famous cookbook authoress, a well-known restaurateur, a longtime waitron, an enthusiastic pungentine grower, and a renowned ivory-sculptress. All were seated at a long groaning-board with a tiny brass bell at each place-setting; the event’s three supervisory judges were seated at a smaller nearby table adjacent to a large gong. Also on stage was the immense warming-chest which held the evening’s to-be-identifieds. Conversation dropped to a reverent hush as the Ranking Culinarian raised a hand.
“Welcome to this year’s Tournament Palatine, whose goal is to search out and reward the most educated palate in the Commonwell,” she said. “Our challengers will be blindfolded, and each served one simultaneous sample per round. Once they have tasted it, they must ring their bell and declare the dish’s name and ingredients. If they cannot, they must leave their table. This process will continue until only one contestant remains – that is to say, this year’s champion! Are there any questions from contestants or audience members?”
“What happens to the rest of the food?” asked one of the beggars, provoking scattered and self-conscious titters.
“You may divide that amongst yourselves, along with the proceeds from our entry fees,” said the Ranking Culinarian. “One of the Archive’s more important missions is to feed the foodless, as I am sure you know.
“Any other questions? None? Then let us commence in the name of Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation, may She smile upon, inspire, and bless this endeavor. Participants, please affix your blindfolds.” After they had done so, she sounded the gong – and the Tournament began.
The first round was almost too easy. Cloudlike, steamed poultry-dumplings, though not quite the Uulian national dish, were ubiquitous enough in Pormaris’ street-markets for all contestants to recognize. The second round featured a paste of lovingly tended duck-liver, soft onions, chopped pistachios, hard-cooked egg, and allspice; the first expellee was the sculptress, who misidentified the nut component as cashews. “I always make that mistake,” she said as she excused herself.
Third up was a savory tartlet near-bursting with six varieties of wild mushrooms. The Heir Second rang in first, but mistook the pastry’s fat-element: what he thought was rich lard was, in fact, oil of olives imported from the faraway isle of Azonei. “A novice’s error, m’Lord,” said the wine merchant with a disingenuous smile. “You truly ought to travel more.”
Two others dropped from the ranks with dish number four: boiled wheat-threads swimming in a simple sauce of meat-tomatoes, garlic, onions, sailor’s-cap mushrooms, salted fish and a small amount of flaked sugar. The grower missed the fish and sweetener and said instead “simple salt and crystallized molasses;” the merchant misidentified the noodles as buckwheat rather than whole wheat. “Serves me right for gloating,” quoth he.
The actual Uulian national dish – “Leisurely Eggs,” a somewhat loose but ingredient-packed scramble – was portioned out for the six remaining rivals. Their number fell to five as the victualer, who had rung in first, correctly detected twelve of its constituent parts but mistook the duck-egg base for chicken eggs. He stalked off the stage, muttering dark ruminations about the Ranking Culinarian’s mother.
The house-chef was the next to remove himself. At issue was an unpretentious lentil stew cooked with coconut milk and ginger. He noted all three of these, and most of the other trace ingredients, but failed to distinguish the subtle flavor of purple saffron. The authoress offered unheeded words of comfort as he slinked away.
At this point, only the authoress, restaurateur, waitron, and Prosatio Silban remained. A pair of dishes later – well-seasoned fidget-hen confit, and broiled slices of sweet rosemary bread topped with sheep-cheese and savory tomato preserves – the field had narrowed to two.
“This next may be one of the most tricky,” announced the Ranking Culinarian, as fragrant portions were presented to Prosatio Silban and the waitron.
The cook rang his bell, thoughts roiling as soon as he tasted the laden forkful. Beef, yes – but what else? Broth, stout, molasses, salt, and ... and ... oh no. A tickle had invaded his throat, and a sneeze began to work its insidious way from his nostrils to his chest.
“Master Cook? Your analysis, please?”
“It is ‘Carbonaceous Beef.’ It contains ... well, beef. Beef broth. Dark stout. Molasses. Sweet onion.  Stinkbulb. Salt.” he said, drawing out each word. “And ... and ... annnd ... ’choo! Oh! Damn Plerus Barja’s damnable cold!”
Adolescent giggling erupted from the gallery. “Please, Master Cook,” the Ranking Culinarian admonished. “Do set a better example for our youthful members. Waitron?”
She grinned. “I believe the ingredient missed by my opponent,” she said with a note of pride, “was a dash of ... fermented cider.”
The gong sounded, almost drowned out by the audience’s wild applause.
Prosatio Silban removed his blindfold as the Ranking Culinarian handed to the blushing waitron, one arm aloft in victory, the Golden Spoon and a large dusty bottle. The cook stood up, stretched his legs, and walked over.
“Most hearty congratulations,” he said with a bow. “If I were to be bested by anyone, I had hoped it would be you.”
She cocked her head. “Why?”
“Because waitrons are, perhaps, the least-appreciated hospitality workers in Uulian society. You perform a delicate balance between demanding cooks and a demanding public. It is past time your trade and position were so recognized; may this night highlight your importance.”
The championess bowed her head. “Thank you for your kind words,” she said.
“I mean them. Good cooks are made, but good waitrons are born. May you long practice with skill and grace – and in peace.”



Quest Authentic
In which Our Hero discovers the limits of creative propriety.


PROSATIO SILBAN DIDN’T MEAN TO offend the dead cook – but sometimes, that’s just how the game-bones fall.
This is how it began: the Cook For Any Price was browsing his favorite secondhand codex-and-scroll shop in the city of epicurean Pormaris when he happened upon a slim and ancient rag-paper volume titled Mistress Areo’s Instructions for Serving a Hungry Household. Intrigued, he thumbed through its yellowing pages. Recipes he had never imagined met his curious eyes – chopped fish; stuffed beef gut; potato pudding; crushed-buckwheat and noodles – and a smile spread across his face.
These were intended for home cooks rather than professionals, he thought. But I’ll wager the profits from tomorrow’s daily special that I can enlist one or two to my own unique service. He paid the nominal flyleaf-scribbled price and pointed his steps homeward.
Back in his galleywagon, Prosatio Silban sat at his preparation-counter, sipped at a mug of hot yava, and examined his find with a judicious eye. The publication date was some four centuries past – half the Uulian Commonwell’s very existence! – and it was remarkable that the book, written in an archaic style, had survived the intervening span. Tastes have changed since then, he thought. Many of these dishes, while easy to make, are too heavy for modern palates. Take this one for example – Wild Lard Soup? Nobody uses lard anymore, wild or not. It’s unhealthy, cloying, and leaves an unpleasant after-texture in the mouth. However, this technique and spice blend may lend themselves to an interesting interpretation ... and with a few substitutions ... oho.
He drained his mug and stood. Time to get to work.

* * * 

The galleywagon’s interior was redolent with the sort of aroma that only slow, intentional cooking can create. At his six-burner fatberry-oil stove, Prosatio Silban stirred a large pot in which thick chunks of smoked moa-leg and three types of colorful beans floated in a lustrous, earth-toned bath. He tasted, raised an eyebrow, dipped three fingers into his salt cellar, sprinkled, stirred, tasted again, and nodded.
All coming as it should, he thought with a tentative grimace. But perhaps a bit more cinnamon? And what if, in addition, I should – wait. Am I being watched?
The cook shot a glance at the galleywagon’s open upper half-door, but no one was there. He cocked an eye in the other direction and almost dropped his spoon.
Outlined against the black silk curtain hiding his sleeping-berth was the misty grey figure of an old woman. She wore long-ago popular garb (pale shift, tight bodice, voluminous skirts), a severe expression, and spoke in a voice reminiscent of wind-skittering autumn leaves.
“Thou’rt doing wrongly,” she said. “Please desist.”
“I beg your pardon?” asked Prosatio Silban.
“Thy cooking. It be a grave disservice to the original recipe. Cease it now, I urge thee.”
“Who are you?”
She drew herself up and replied, “I be Mistress Areo, and I know this recipe better than thou dost. For it is I who put it into the book thou’rt consulting. Who told thee to exchange flavored oil of olives for wild lard, and poultry for pork?”
“As a cook with more than a quarter-century’s experience, it seemed to me the right thing to do,” Prosatio Silban said. “This dish may have been appetizing in your time, but it is no longer so in mine. Times change.”
“Thou dost not understand,” his visitor exclaimed. “This dish were of importance to the hunchback-boar hunters of Pigwood. They would prepare it each year, when the hunt which were their livelihood made necessary mickle labor to provide for a bitter winter. To alter their recipe would deny and dishonor its origin! Thou can’st not change a thing and call it the same.”
“I do not deny that, nor the skill and care of the hunters who first created this soup,” replied the cook. “But regional cuisine is also a living, organic entity. Cultures collide and intermingle, and their foodways adapt. Ingredients are substituted when they become unavailable or undesirable in the new culinary context, or they are changed to serve new eaters’ tastes. And there has not been hunchback-boar in that part of the Commonwell within living memory. All that remains is the village’s name.”
“Then thou shouldst not cook it at all, instead of bastardizing it as thou hast done. Thy liberties be too many, and thy variation too great.”
“Who is to say what ‘bastardizing’ is? Who is to say when a variation is ‘too great’?”
“The cooks who did invent the dish in question! They must not be ignored.”
“I do not intend to ignore them. I wish to respect their ways, but in a manner that my people will appreciate. If only ...”
Prosatio Silban paused, eyes downcast, and tapped his foot for a dozen heartbeats. Finally, he looked up at the annoyed specter.
“Consider this,” he said. “I will adapt this delicious recipe as I have done, but when I make it for my clientele, I will explain how the soup came to be, how and why I changed it – and how important it was to those who first created it.”
Now it was Mistress Areo’s turn to pause. Her silence had stretched almost into discomfiture when she replied: “Done. But I will be near thee betimes to judge thy sincerity.”
“Mistress Areo,” Prosatio Silban said with a grateful smile, “I can think of no higher honor.”



Sacreantal Reflex
In which Our Hero visits the timeless City of Sages.


IT BEGAN WITH A SIMPLE question: “What is the most challenging place you’ve ever visited?”
“The place where I learned not to drink,” Prosatio Silban replied, raising a glass of blue duliac.
“But you are drinking now!” pointed out his interlocutor.
“Yes – but no spirit other than blue duliac, and never again to excess,” said the cook. “Allow me to relate to you the circumstances, which took place more than twenty-five ago, in the Year of the Obstinate Answer. I had just left the Sacreanthood and the Uulian Commonwell, and wanted to compose the next chapter of my personal story. I was also sorrowful over having just met – and lost – the love of my life. So I decided to visit a place I had never been, but of which I had often heard: many-fabled M’zir, home of inscrutable Intuids, masterful weavers, and abundant yava-brewers ...”

* * * 

Following an eventful sea voyage, that would itself make a fine tale were it the one being told, the Soharis merchantman Meritorious Exchange docked one cold and cloudy day in the far northern Exilic Lands’ port of Ktaon.
What shall I find here? thought Prosatio Silban as the Ktaon-to-M’zir shuttle-coach neared its destination. Whatever it is, I hope it will sate my spiritual hunger and further dull the pain of my loss. I will never see Ashlaya again – nor will I ever forget her.
From a distance, M’zir resembled nothing so much as a squat grey marrying-cake. The terraced city was perched on a massive bluff overlooking tall bamboo stands, light purple-fir forest, and fertile yava fields dotted by small brick cottages and split-wood yak pens.
The coach ascended the bluff’s switchback road and pulled up to M’zir’s gateless gate. The former Sacreant disembarked with a wonderstruck air, his eyes almost starting out of their deep-set sockets. Two burly M’zei wearing light-blue tunics, white turbans, and sardonic smiles stopped him as he made to enter.
“What business?” one asked in heavy-accented Uulian.
“I have none. To be honest, I am here seeking Truth.”
The guards exchanged enigmatic glances. “Right. Come,” said the other.
“But – no magik miracles,” added the first with a stern grin.
Inside, the streets were narrow and fronted by single-story limestone buildings set amidst capacious and well-peopled public squares. Fountains gurgled their watery music at random street corners, and the air was thick with the bitter-mint smell of yava – the energizing national brew, and one of Prosatio Silban’s favorite beverages. The olive-complected, black-haired citizens, dressed in white tunics and colorful, eye-twisting togas, regarded him with mild interest as he took it all in. They seemed happy, if a bit standoffish. A sunny smile dawned on his face.
I think I’ll like it here, he thought. At least, I hope I will.

* * * 

It was not long before Prosatio Silban discovered that his was not an endless supply of coin. Fortunately, this discovery came in time to keep him from becoming destitute. Outside one of M’zir’s many crowded yava-shops was a large wooden board covered in bamboo-paper notices. Most were inscribed with the angular M’zei script, but some were also in curvilinear Uulian characters: Bamboo Cutter – Strong Arms Required; Weaver’s Assistant – Must Know Heddle from Shuttle; Goat Milker with (Occasional) Herding Skills; Yak Pen Cleaner – Pay Commensurate with Experience. He creased his brow at this last one; it was too much like his former Sacreantal duties. Might as well begin at the beginning, he thought, and untacked the bamboo-cutter advertisement.
As the months wandered by, Prosatio Silban returned to the message-board as many times as were dictated by his increasing dissatisfaction with M’zir’s available livelihoods. His command of the M’zei tongue improved with each visit and its subsequent, if short-lived, occupation. Apart from the unfamiliar alphabet, it was a simple language to learn, fostering a sense of non-duality in the speaker by flagging those terms and phrases which indicated or implied separation between Self and Other, Now and Then, or really Anything and Anything Else.
Along with his linguistic development, Prosatio Silban’s familiarity with and appreciation for M’zei spirituality also grew. As far as he could learn, its goal and aim – as imparted by the “sleeping sage” Ezrinahu, M’zir’s first and greatest Intuid – was to attain a wordless, direct perception of reality rather than to worship any gods or godsly influence. This primal awareness was known to its practitioners as “Hha,” a jocular reference to the sound one made on attainment. Although he had had similar experiences throughout his life – in fact, one reason he left the Sacreanthood was that he could not reconcile them with Uulian religious doctrine – they still remained mere glimpses rather than an everyday vision.
But back to the job hunt. He couldn’t help but notice that the more menial and unpleasant positions occasioned greater pay, something not always true in the decadent Commonwell. In M’zir, humble work was not to be avoided, but embraced as one of life’s many and varied offerings. Whenever Prosatio Silban browsed the message-board, he kept eyeing the yak-pen cleaner notice – it promised high compensation, flexible hours, and much time to think.
Despite my time as a bamboo cutter, goat milker, marketplace porter, yava harvester, rice picker, bottle washer, artist’s model, or any other temporary and unsatisfying vocations, I have no other salable talents, he thought as he considered the advertisement. At least with this one I will keep my belly full and body protected from this damnable cold. He removed the notice and set forth.
Yaks were docile creatures as well as prolific producers of dung, which Prosatio Silban considered a sort of job security. But as the days passed, he still found himself thinking of the absent Ashlaya, and also of his last day as a Sacreant purifying epicurean Pormaris’ water supply. Mucking out yak-pens and filling dung-wagons was similar work, but in accordance with local law and custom (“no magik miracles”) he refrained, often with difficulty, from offering an assistance-plea to any of the Flickering Gods he thought he had abandoned.
Except once.
He had just finished shoveling a particularly noisome dung-pile and was about to break for his meager lunch when one of his charges excreted a substance too difficult to bear for even his own practiced inurement. He closed his eyes, as much against the smell as to enable concentration, and murmured, “O Calman, God of Necessary Unpleasantness; Alimta, Goddess of Digestive Propriety; and Itturo, Lord of Sensory Protection, hear my plea and grant my boon. Help me withstand and overcome this sudden unlooked-for situation in a manner appropriate to –”
His supplication was interrupted by an angry shout from his employer. “(ah! what ‘is’ ‘this’)?” she exclaimed. “(‘you-now’ know our rules ‘and’ have flouted ‘them.’ how dare ‘you-now’ do so)?”
“(please – ‘i-now’ meant no harm),” Prosatio Silban replied. “(‘it’ ‘was’ ‘a’ mere reflex ‘of’ ‘i-then,’ ‘caused’ by ‘an’ unexpected ‘circumstance.’ please – forgive ‘me-now’).”
The pen-wardess fixed him with a frosty glare. “(‘you-now’ must come ‘before’ our ‘court.’ ‘they’ will decide ‘your-now’ fate).”

* * * 

The “court” convened in one of the squares close by the city’s gateless gate. Three Intuids dressed in deep-blue tunics, wide straw hats, and prodigious beards sat cross-legged before Prosatio Silban on woven sea-grass mats; two brawny ‘prentice-Intuids (light-blue tunics, white turbans, no beards) stood as bailiffs beside the seated offender. A small crowd surrounded the proceedings, pointing and whispering.
“(‘you-now’ ‘are’ accused of ‘breaking’ our most basic law, ‘against’ workings magikal ‘and/or’ miraculous),” intoned the rightmost Intuid. “(‘this’ prohibition dates ‘back’ ‘to’ our ‘earliest’ ‘days,’ ‘when’ ‘this’ land ‘was’ almost destroyed by ‘wielders-of-enchantment.’ we cannot, and will not,  have ‘that’ ‘again’).”
The middle Intuid spoke next. “(‘is’ ‘there’ ‘a’ witness)?”
The pen-wardess stepped forward from the crowd. “(‘i-then’ ‘am’ ‘a’ witness),” she said. “(‘this’ ‘man’ ‘was’ caught by ‘me-then,’ praying to ‘his-then’ false ‘gods’).”
“(‘which’ ‘ones’)?” asked the leftmost Intuid.
“(does ‘that’ matter)?” interjected the rightmost.
“(yes),” replied the leftmost. “(‘this’ ‘man’ ‘is’ not ‘from’ ‘here,’ ‘and’ may have ‘been’ resorting to instinct. ‘is’ ‘that’ not relevant)?”
The middlemost pondered. “(allowed),” he said. “(‘which’ ‘gods’)?”
The pen-wardess frowned. “(‘his-then’ ‘gods’ of unpleasantness, digestion ‘and’ protection).”
“(all very understandable, ‘from’ ‘the’ ‘stranger’s’ ‘viewpoint’),” said the leftmost. “(we cannot hold ‘him-now’ to blame for ‘his-then’ reflexes. ‘i-now’ move for release).”
“(‘the’ point ‘has’ ‘been’ made),” said the middlemost. “(‘is’ ‘there’ ‘a’ counter-argument)?”
It was now the right-hand Intuid’s turn to frown. “(we cannot allow even ‘strangers’ to violate our laws. what would Ezrinahu say)?”
The leftmost smiled. “(‘he’ would bid us ‘be’ merciful ‘with’ ‘the’ ignorant – and ‘lead’ by example).”
“(‘the’ ‘counter-argument’ has ‘been’ answered),” said the middlemost. “(‘is’ ‘there’ another point)?”
“(instinct aside, ‘he-now’ cannot stay ‘here’ any ‘longer’),” said the right-hand Intuid. “(‘i-now’ move for immediate exile).”
A pause, then:
“(concur),” chorused the other two.

* * * 

“...And so I left – rather, was gently expelled,” said Prosatio Silban. “I took the first ship back to the Commonwell, and ever since, the name ‘Exilic Lands’ has for me carried a bittersweet connotation.”
“Fascinating,” said his companion. “But what has that to do with your drinking?”
“I was despondent over my circumstances, and the sailors provided me with strong spirits as a calmative. I began imbibing to keep my body warm, not knowing that I was thereby freezing my soul. After I returned, I kept drinking out of habit.”
“And now?”
“Now,” said Prosatio Silban, setting down his empty glass, “I don’t.”



Great Wasting
In which Our Hero deals with a natural – and national – disaster.


SENSITIVE SOULS BEWARE: ALTHOUGH MOST of Prosatio Silban’s adventures are lighthearted whimsy, this is not one of them.
We find the once-beefy cook in his galleywagon at the side of a lately untraveled road, stirring the rather malodorous contents of a small saucepan. He pursed his lips as he lowered into the pot a pair of tongs, then lifted out a steaming, dripping – and empty – leather coin-pouch.
Lunch, he thought. And not much of one either. But as the locusts have taken everything else, we must make do however we can.
He was not alone in contemplating a desperate meal. But he was one of the lucky who could.
A month ago, scarlet plague-locusts had eaten almost every crop (wild and domestic) in the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell, including provender for the Commonwell’s vast array of draft- and food-animals. Even the between-settlements foliage was gone: denuded trees, clean-picked shrubbery, and once-lush fields extended in every direction. Only the ubiquitous and fruit-thick fatberry bushes were left untouched. In addition to yielding a cheap and plentiful source of fuel, these were also the preferred fare of the cook’s own dray-beast – the quaint lumbering buopoth, Onward – and inedible by anyone or anything else. I can go anywhere and cook anything, he thought. But where? and for the Flickering Gods’ sake, what?
Onward’s rattling hoot startled the cook out of his grim reverie; he set the pouch back into the saucepan and extinguished the low fatberry-oil flame beneath it. “My apologies!” he exclaimed, exiting the galleywagon. He dipped into the jute sack beneath the driver’s bench to produce the last two fragrant maroon fatberry-cakes. These he offered to his hungry companion, first telling it what a good buopoth it was. “Forgive me,” he said. “I was distracted by my own hunger. We have survived much together, you and I, and I suppose we shall survive even this as well.” Or so I hope, he thought.
Prosatio Silban glanced back toward the pouch-poaching saucepan, and his throat choked with revulsion. I can’t. I just can’t, he thought. Better to let Onward eat, then get back on this road to nowhere and find a few fatberries to compress for its dinner. He vented a long, agonized sigh, and waited for Onward to finish.
Soon the pair were traveling again, at a slow pace, the cook lost in a misery accented by the pangs of his empty belly. The cries of the omnipresent circling carrion-birds didn’t help his mood either. I remember a time when these harsh-voiced harbingers were scarce, he thought. If only we could eat them ... but I suppose that would be akin to a sailor dining on shark meat. Better not to tempt the all-seeing gods with such poetically just provisions.
A bit further along, the object of the birds’ incessant orbit became apparent. I wonder from where these ill-met folk walked, in fruitless search of what to eat, Prosatio Silban mused, closing his nostrils against the putrid air. Poor folk. Poor all-of-us. Poor ... hello. Who’s this?
A lone figure on the road ahead was trudging in the same direction. Garbed with a hooded grey sackcloth robe and long shepherd’s crook, it appeared unaware of the overtaking galleywagon.
“Hail, traveler,” the cook called with all the volume his dry voice could muster. The figure turned, disclosing a gaunt-faced woman with deep-set, piercing eyes and a formidable nose. She lowered the hood and addressed the cook in a tone of ringing authority.
“Have you heard the word of the Flickering Gods?” she demanded.
Oh, no, Prosatio Silban thought. Aloud, he said, “I have heard a word, yes. But I do not know if it is the same word you are no doubt about to tell me.”
Her eyes flashed. “The word is this, my brother: Atone! The Flickering Gods are displeased with us. That is why They sent this locust-fashioned famine – to get our attention, that we may return to the path that the six-hundred-thirteen gods have marked out for us. This crisis will endure until we shift our lifeways and repent. Their love is in abeyance until then.”
“I had not heard of any of the gods behaving so boorishly,” he replied. “We must not presume to know the Flickering Gods as They know Themselves, or to speak for Them when it suits –”
“You do not understand. Their word is clear. It has been revealed to me. And I am on my way to decadent Pormaris in order to begin revealing that word to the Commonwell. You have been chosen to aid my mission – by driving me thither.”
Prosatio Silban shrugged. In these dire days, I suppose any company is better than none, he thought, and forced a feeble smile. “Climb up here with me,” he said, patting the wide driver’s bench. “We might as well go there together.”

* * * 

Before travelling by ferry to Pormaris from the port-village of Ruins-Across-the-Water, the great island-city’s visitors had customarily been stopped by chainmailed guards and asked their business and intent. But now, scarce prospective passengers – in this case, the cook and the would-be prophetess – were greeted by a brooding and emaciated ferryman.
“Fare is five in copper,” he declared in a dead voice. “One apiece for you both, one for your beast, and two for your double-axle ... what sort of vehicle is this?”
“A galleywagon,” Prosatio Silban said. “I am the Cook For Any Price.”
The ferryman made an ironic snicker. “Business slow these days?”
“Somewhat.”
As they were pulled in subsequent silence across the southern reach of turbulent Teardrop Lake, surrounded at a distance by barren grey hillsides, the cook frowned at the sprawling city’s famine-wrought change. In former times, Pormaris’ golden domes and tall spires would have been festive with pennants and shrouded in part by smoke from hundreds of cooking-fires. Aromas sweet, savory and nameless would tickle arriving nostrils, and the low buzz of human activity – bright song, lusty conversation, and light industry, punctuated by cries from the trade-markets’ muscle-throated hawkers – would fill the ears with a happy and welcoming din.
However, the only smell on this afternoon’s air was corruption and decay; the only smoke came from the city’s greedy dockside funeral-pyres; and the only sound was a low, whistling wind. ‘How fallen is the mighty,’ Prosatio Silban quoted to himself as the ferryman made fast his craft’s mooring-lines. I never thought to see proud Pormaris humbled like this ... and I hope I never do again.
The cook flicked Onward’s plaited yak-hair reins and the galleywagon lurched forward onto the cityside landing. Everywhere was death, ruin, and corpse-smoke. As they entered the renowned South Market, they were met by a scattered and scraggy mob.
“Halt your wagon,” the prophetess ordered. Prosatio Silban pulled back on the reins, and his passenger stood up on the driver’s bench.
“Citizens of Pormaris, hear me!” she declaimed. “You have forsaken the Flickering Gods. And in turn, They have forsaken us. This is why They have sent the plague-locusts – to call you to atone for abandoning Them. You must re-ignite the altar-flames and return your hearts to Them anew.”
“And what shall we offer on those altars?” a bent old man retorted. “We have no food fit for god, or even humans!”
“Do you mock me?” the prophetess asked. “In the face of so much sorrow and lamentation, do you dare to mock the gods who gave you life – and then removed that life for your sins?”
“I am all that is left of my family,” jeered an undernourished middle-aged woman. “I wish I had died before they did, so as not to have looked upon their last breath. You are the one who is mocking us – not otherwise!”
The prophetess continued her exhortations. “You must all atone! You! Now! Here! Today! Admit your misdeeds – confess and correct them!”
“We have done nothing to deserve this fate!” cried a skeletal young man. “Are you saying the Flickering Gods are this cruel? That they are punishing us for unknown and undone misdeeds? Begone with you!”
“Yes, begone!” “Leave!” “Go! Or we will drive you out!” others shouted. Some began to gather and heft fist-sized stones.
At this point, Prosatio Silban rose, waving his arms above his head. “Wait! Good citizens, wait! I have something to say!”
“Why should we listen to you?” “Who are you?” “Are you her accomplice?”
“I am no one’s accomplice, but simply a man. Please! Hear me.”
With hesitancy, the crowd ceased its stone-collecting and listened with crossed arms and hostile expressions.
“I have just this to say: the Flickering Gods have not abandoned us,” Prosatio Silban said. “And neither have we abandoned Them. It can be difficult to see Them through our tears and our hunger, but I know this: they do not live only in the Pure City of the Before-and-Afterlife. They live in our small kindnesses and honest dealings. In compassionate touches and sympathetic smiles. And, most of all, They live in our knowing and understanding silences.
“Offerings and prayers are important, yes. But not as ends in themselves – as a lens, to focus our hearts so we can perceive the gods’ subtle handprints on all of creation. They are only waiting for us to speak, to see, to hear. To be. And that is the type of atonement which They require. 
“Come. Let us pray together. What have we to lose? Will you join with me? Will you?”
Taken aback, first one and then another of the broken-eyed throng complied with Prosatio Silban’s request, bowing their heads and clasping their neighbors’ hands. The prophetess cast the cook a suspicious glance, but she too followed suit and grasped his hand in hers. When the moment was right, he raised his voice in bold supplication.
“O You Whose presences pass in and out of our senses: Galien, the Mother of Life; Your consort Angrim, Lord of Time; Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt; Aarein, Goddess of Humble Propriety; Rytram, God of Semantic Invention; and all the other hundreds of Your eternal and benevolent panoply – give voice to my plea and an ear to my prayer. We stand before You guilty of no crime, committers of no trespass, but only to express our gratitude and wonder toward all You have given us. We know that nothing can transpire without Your direction and consent. So too, it is Your will for us to know You and appreciate Your handiwork.
“Please: Aid us. Give us the strength to endure. Help us find the courage to withstand this trial and to continue Your work, in Your world, in Your way. We but ask to become worthy of Your attentions in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds. Assist us in becoming more than we are, in all ways and places. Let us rise to Your challenge, and we will speak Your names with honor and affection wherever we find You – and each other. This we affirm.”
“This we affirm,” came the crowd’s hushed response.
There was a dozen heartbeats’ silence, save for the soft whisper of the chill wind.
“Thank you for your words,” said the bent old man. “They ring true.”
“For me as well,” said a thin young woman.
One by one, the assembled downcasts murmured various degrees of assent. “And I.” “Also me.” “I still hunger, but my spirit ... feels lighter.” “Can prayer have such efficacy, such power?”
“I do not know,” said the cook. “But I believe sincere camaraderie can.”
Last of all spoke the prophetess. “I owe you a debt of gratitude,” she said, averting her eyes. “Perhaps this was not my mission after all.”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “Who is to say? After all, were it not for you, these people would not have gathered for this prayer. That is the real miracle – that we all came together as one. And now” – he sat down on the driver’s bench – “if you will excuse me, I must return to the mainland.”
“So soon?” she asked. “Why?”
“I must see to my buopoth’s provender,” he replied. “Fatberry bushes do not grow in the city of Pormaris.”
“Well. May Elindra, Goddess of Equitable Denouements, guide you.”
“Thank you.” He flicked the galleywagon’s reins and made for the ferry-dock, whistling a tuneless melody.
Meanwhile, far across the lake, the grey hills were perceptibly shading into a pale green ...



Utensils: An Amuse-Bouche


“ALMOST AS MUCH THOUGHT AND effort goes into the choice of eating implements as the selection of food for which they are meant,” said Prosatio Silban, reaching for the sea-salt container next to his fatberry-oil stove. “Silver, gold, copper, bamboo, wood, clay — the list is as long as your imagination is broad. Some are meant for soup, others enable the eating of different types of meat or vegetable; there are even specialized tools for extracting delectable flesh from mollusk- or crustacean-shells.
“But they all have one purpose: to convey food to the mouth without social disapproval. Lose sight of that refined principle, and you might as well eat with your hands.”



Day’s Life
In which Our Hero lives sunrise to sunset in the City of Gourmands.


IT IS SAID THAT WERE it not for the leather-lunged hawkers of epicurean Pormaris, the sun would not know when to awaken. But whether or not that’s as true as it sounds, the great island-city’s markets are indeed its economic heart.
Before they open, however, they must be supplied. Sturdy fisherfolk, each armed with breakfast-pail and lantern, constellate like fireflies along the docks and jetties at Pormaris’ southern edge. They climb aboard their small craft, some mounted with triangular sails, others with oars, and fan out in a web of light across the vast and turbulent Teardrop Lake.
The fishers’ landbound counterparts congregate at the lake’s ports of Ruins-Across-the-Water, Millers’ End, Northbridge, and Easting, to await the ferries that will bring them into the city: farmers and stockmen with carts and wagons laden with the produce of the surrounding lush countryside. Not for nothing is Pormaris called the City of Gourmands, as the region’s well-watered soil and temperate climate combine to create favorable conditions for growing almost anything and everything humans find edible and/or delicious. Stubborn flocks and herds as well as caged fowl await their eventual fate at the other end of the ferry-trip.
As the eastern sky begins to glow, Pormaris’ watchful sentinels – in bronze chainmail and imperious manner – make their rounds with a “tok tok tok” on the locked doors and shuttered windows of the shops and stalls in the mercantile quarter, bidding the sleepers within to wakefulness.
Time for another ambitious day, thought Prosatio Silban as his eyes opened. He drew off his parrot-down comforter (Pormaris nights can be chilly) and swung his legs over the edge of the sleeping-berth at the aft end of his galleywagon.
Having dressed for another day feeding the hungry masses of the Uulian Commonwell – belted umber tunic; dark green knee-breeches; long, earthen-colored vest; black cotton-and-rubber shoes; and a jaunty emerald fez with black tassel – Prosatio Silban applied his mouse-fur eyebrows and smiled into the mirror. Beware of mercenary cooks, he thought at his image. After pausing for break-fast at the galleywagon’s pantry and stove, he stepped out into the cold morning air.
Before he tasted anything, however, he dug into the jute sack of fatberry-cakes under the portable venue’s driver’s seat and selected three of the greasy maroon lumps. At the scent of his favorite food, the cook’s buopoth, Onward, let out a quiet rattling hoot. Prosatio Silban fed his quaint lumbering dray-beast, patted what passed for a flank, and told it what a good buopoth it was. Only then did the cook take his own morning meal: bites of crisp poppyhorn interspersed with deep swallows from a tall mug of hot, cream-laced yava. “To Hopmon of the Ever-Heavy Purse, you have blessed me beyond imaginings. Please – bring me good custom today,” he prayed aloud after finishing the pastry. He drained his mug and sighed with temporary serenity.
His galleywagon was parked in the crowded transient-trader’s lot adjoining the northern end of Victualer’s Row, which was known throughout the Commonwell as a source of and destination for what seemed an endless variety of provender. All around was a wonderland of prepared food and raw ingredients; Prosatio Silban hoped to compete with the former and take professional advantage of the latter. On one side of his portable home, a soup-seller was already filling the surrounding area with a savory fragrance; on the other was a shop purveying fine cured sausages of pork, beef, poultry, and oubaq-lizard. Hawkers’ cries of “What need ye?” echoed from every quarter as the hungry public strolled among the waiting merchants.
The cook unslung two tables-and-chairs from beneath his galleywagon, set them up, then arranged a painted menu-board proclaiming COOK FOR ANY PRICE in crimson and gilt. When everything was just so, he stood by the board, one arm akimbo, and greeted the passersby with an open-faced smile.
Although it was still early, a small crowd was trickling through the street; Pormaris-dwellers liked to finish their marketing before the heat of the day made both provisions and comfort less than tenable. Just then, a man dressed in the bi-color livery of a rich family’s servant came rushing up, out of breath. “Master Cook! Master Cook!” he panted.
Prosatio Silban raised placating hands. “Take your ease, friend. With what may I please you?”
“I come from the house of Bo Shuda ... a book-printer of some means,” the man began, then bent over with his hands on his knees. “Whoosh! Sir Bo ... would ask for your professional ... expertise this evening ... to help celebrate with a small gathering ... the coming-of-age of his youngest daughter. ... The pay will be commensurate. ... Are you otherwise engaged?”
“Not anymore,” the cook said with a bow.

* * * 

Passing through food-shops and stalls, and chatting or haggling with familiar traders to collect a hired meal’s necessaries, was one of Prosatio Silban’s favorite pastimes – more so when he could say, as he did this morning, “Put it on the account of my patron. I will send for it later.”
As fish and vegetables were among the first wares to be affected by Pormaris’ warm daytime clime, the cook always commenced his morning browse in those particular markets. Freshwater mollusks and salted or pickled fish made fine appetizers, and thanks in part to the heroic labors of Uulian fisherfolk – and the small but important magik of preserved ice – they could be had in profusion.
“I’ll take six dozen of the blue-rim oysters, please,” the cook asked of the fishmonger. “And let me see ... that large jar of oil-packed anchovies, the same of Soharis mumblefish in wine-sauce, and this whole fat pike. Please have them billed and delivered to Bo Shuda’s.”
In the vegetable-sellers’ market, which boasted an alphabetic variety of produce – everything from avocado-pears to zucchini – Prosatio Silban scooped up a handful of yellow lentils and listened to them cascade back into their open-mouthed sack. “These will make a fine addition to our little feast,” he told the purveyor. “Three pounds, please – and a dozen artichokes. Bo Shuda will provide the payment.”
The fruit-merchants’ stalls proved daunting, even for a seasoned professional like Prosatio Silban. Fruit both fresh and preserved was one of Pormaris’ most beloved foods; maidservants, housewives with children, other itinerant chefs and the occasional restaurateur made for a mad ballet to and from the piled stall- and shop-counters. The unexpected benefit was that the fruit-mongers were too busy competing with each other to haggle with customers over prices. The cook walked away with the promise of crates of apples, green and black figs, lemons, plums, raisins, currants and a variety of nuts.
In the spicers’ bazaar Prosatio Silban marveled at the mélange of dusky fragrances as he browsed amongst open sacks and tall piles of cardamom, sweetbark, pepper, and ginger, and small glass vials of purple saffron imported at great cost from across the Rimless Sea. At the adjacent greengrocer’s he found dark bunches of parsley, dill, rosemary and basil, and likewise an assortment of dandelion flowers. He also bought a good quantity of that indispensable and indescribable sweetener, rose-honey.
At last, his victuals-search brought him to the meat-market, where he hoped to procure a sturdy portion of dressed lamb, a half-dozen capons, and three dozen duck eggs. The rest of his catering needs (wheat flour and oats-meal, dairy, olives and their oil, salt) were either provided by Sir Bo’s country demesne and shipped to his city-house, or kept on hand as staples.
After all that, Prosatio Silban’s stomach was a roaring chasm. Where to lunch? he thought. So many wonderful pushcarts to choose from ... I wonder if my favorite is too crowded?
He wandered through the forest of culinary bargain-seekers until the familiar fragrance of marinated and grilled fidget-hen delighted his nostrils. He stopped in front of a freestanding portable grill, where a puffing and red-faced man in a spattered green apron stood tending poultry-laden skewers.
“Arriao!” the cook called with a wide grin.
“Master Prosatio!” replied Arriao, smiling. “So good to see you again. I take it you’re in search of lunch?”
“More as though your lunch was in search of me. Two skewers, if you please.”
Money changed hands, and soon Prosatio Silban was enjoying succulent cubes of semi-charred, spiced and tender bird-flesh whose flavor made him close his eyes with pleasure. He washed down his spare but satisfying meal with sips from a glass of honeyed water just as the market-clock struck the first hour of the afternoon. And now, to my patron’s kitchen, he thought. Where the real work begins.

* * * 

“Take care there!” rebuked Prosatio Silban. “Those eggs are expensively fragile!”
He was standing in Sir Bo Shuda’s capacious kitchen, overseeing the arrival of the morning’s promised provender. The scene was an urgent tangle of crates, casks, bottles and sacks, with a dozen servants and porters unloading or stacking the containers according to Prosatio Silban’s careful-eyed direction.
As for equipment, there was everything a needful cook could want: eight-burner fatberry-oil stove; two large wood-fired ovens divided into four separate and heat-adjustable chambers; a stocked pantry and buttery; three massive freestanding butcher blocks; a serried array of pots, kettles, sheet pans, and skillets.
“A moment, if you will,” Prosatio Silban said to one of the porters. “I don’t seem to see the pike I ordered. Is it still on the zebra-cart, under this hot afternoon sun? Fetch it now, or I’ll cauterize you and the zebra both.”
“Please, Master Cook,” came the reply. “The fishmonger said the last pike had been mistakenly sold by the time it came to pack your order. He did send this, though.”
The porter indicated an ice-crusted burlap parcel, which – when the rough cloth had been peeled back – revealed a fine plump salmon, the same size as the pike if not larger.
“My compliments to the fishmonger,” Prosatio Silban whispered with reverence. “This will do very well indeed.
“Your attention, please,” he said, raising his voice to a shout. “The success of tonight’s dinner relies on all of your noble efforts. We have not met before today, but by dessert we will know each other as intimately as any fellow-soldiers quitting the field of battle. Now, then – I need someone to fire the ovens and tend the stove, someone to prepare these vegetables and fruits, someone to —”
“Master Prosatio!” boomed a deep voice from behind him. “We have not yet met. I am Sir Bo.”
Prosatio Silban turned, offering a polite smile, then bowed and then clasped his employer’s proffered hand. “It is a signal pleasure to greet you, Sir Bo. Congratulations on your daughter’s attainment. With what may I please you?”
“You already are – rather, you seem to be readying to so do,” Sir Bo said. “Is there any way I may be of help? I could perhaps manage the servants for you, cut vegetables, run errands ...”
Oh dear gods no, thought the cook. To his patron he said, “That will not be necessary; I fear that with two commanders the kitchen-troops may be forced into misfires. Please – allow me to gratify you. Pray do not give us another thought until the service arrives for your guests’ waiting appetites.” So saying, Prosatio Silban clapped Sir Bo on his well-dressed and -intentioned back and steered him toward the dining-room door. There’s always one, at least, he thought.

* * * 

Sweat did not usually dislodge Prosatio Silban’s eyebrows; but then, it had been a while since he worked in a kitchen as sultry as Sir Bo’s. He mopped his forehead with a shoulder-slung towel as he surveyed his battlefield.
On one burner, a large pot was a-bubble with eggs, an attendant ice-water bath perched on an adjacent countertop. Two other burners were dedicated to simmering rice and lentils, while a fourth pot was rank with the smell of boiling marrow-bones. A pair of servants was busy grinding spices and chopping herbs for use in various culinary constructions; others were plucking chickens, anointing the dressed lamb with oil of olives, and stuffing the salmon with oats-meal, raisins and ginger. In one corner, the artichokes were undergoing a careful manicure; in another, three servants were opening a trio of cheese wheels (soft, semi-soft and firm).
In the midst of this human machinery flitted Prosatio Silban – tasting here, seasoning there, dropping words of encouragement or admonition where necessary. A finer kitchen-army I have rarely seen, thought the cook. Now, if everything goes as hoped and planned, we can commence assembling –
“Master Cook!” came Sir Bo’s voice from behind.
Prosatio Silban turned, forcing another polite smile. “Sir Bo! I did not expect you again so soon. As you can see, everything is in hand, and —”
“Permit me to introduce my daughter, Grisla. Say hello to our cook-for-the-evening, Grisla.”
The girl – actually, young woman – dimpled and curtsied, the hem of her gold-weave skirt brushing the kitchen’s flagstone floor. “Pleasedtomakeyouracquaintance,” she said, blushing.
“And I yours,” returned the cook. “Now, if you will permit me –”
“Grisla is being ‘prenticed to the House of Heir Second Vajang Chorl,” beamed Sir Bo. “In his kitchen, as it happens. She begins next week, but I thought she might benefit from observing what goes on in ours under the hand of a capable cooking-master.”
By the sustaining teats of the All-Mother! thought Prosatio Silban. Aloud, he said, “An excellent idea, Sir Bo. But we’ve just completed all the work our Miss Grisla could learn from an Heir Second’s kitchen-battalion. Alas, such is life – opportunity so often turns to disappointment ...”
“A pity,” said Sir Bo. “If there’s nothing else we can do ...”
“There’s not,” said the cook. “Except, perhaps, seeing to the comfort of your early guests. I’m sure Miss Grisla will need to acquire that gracious skill before serving m’Lord Vajang.”
“An excellent idea!” Sir Bo exclaimed. “Grisla, shall we attend to your guests?”
Prosatio Silban watched them leave the kitchen and sighed. It’s nice to have help, he thought. But timing is everything.

* * * 

There comes a time in the preparation of a formal dinner, between the last garnish emplaced and the first bite taken, that always struck Prosatio Silban as holy. At these liminal times, the Cook For Any Price felt as though he were standing with his toes clutching the edge of an abyss.
This is what I live for, he thought. This moment. Right now.
The oysters had been shucked and set on iced serving-trays like blue-edged petals of exotic frozen blossoms. The eggs were sliced and also presented flowerlike on wide platters, surrounding ramekins of different-colored sauces; pickled herring and oiled anchovies lay piled on broad, stiff chukka-leaves; and here and there, small mounds of olives glistened in the flickering kitchen-light.
In short, everything was ready to be served. Prosatio Silban pointed to the waiters, and they marched in triumph through the dining-room door.
Behind this first course, last touches were being applied to the second and third. Proper Uulian form dictated that a celebratory feast be served in three “acts,” with each act comprising at least three components. Thus, it always began with mollusks, eggs and preserved fish; the meat course comprised beast, fowl and whole fish (with at least one vegetable dish for more delicate digestions); and the meal closed with pastries, fruits and/or nuts, and cheese.
As such, an aromatic medley from roasted salmon, braised lamb and cardamom-scented chicken pervaded the room in the most opulent fashion imaginable. The oatmeal-and-fruit stuffed fish was almost bursting its jute stitches; succulent lamb chunks adorned a bed of lentils, figs, currants and dandelion flowers; the capons were golden with applied egg yolk and saffron. Blue rice, artistically filling the boiled artichokes, completed the picture.
Prosatio Silban surveyed the afternoon’s work and smiled a conqueror’s smile. “My friends, we have done epic battle today,” he told the assembled staff. “But the war is not over, for the patron’s and guests’ palates are still to be won. They should –”
“Master Prosatio!” came, once again, Sir Bo’s booming voice.
“Yes sir?” asked the cook, suppressing a sigh.
“I just wanted to tell you that the starters are beyond excellent. May I help serve the next course?”
Prosatio Silban creased his brow. On the one hand, that is the waiters’ job. On the other hand ... “Thank you for the offer, Sir Bo,” he said, bowing. “If it would please you to so do.”
“Thank you, Master Cook. I want my Grisla to see that I have not outgrown my family’s humble beginnings, and neither should she.”
The door closed behind his and his daughter’s burdened forms, and the cook smiled before turning his own attention to the desserts – a plum, currant and marrow tart of magnificent proportions; an array of goat-, sheep-, and cow-milk cheeses; and mounds of spiced nuts and dried fruits.
I may yet survive this meal with patience and professionalism intact, thought Prosatio Silban. After all, everyone needs to feel useful.

* * * 

“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” beamed Sir Bo, pressing a heavy and embroidered coin-pouch into Prosatio Silban’s waiting palm. “I cannot ever remember having supped half so well. The evening was a triumph – and my dear Grisla has the happy memory of her coming-of-age to accompany her into dotage.”
“That is my business and my reputation, Sir Bo,” said the cook. “It has been a pleasure to serve your family. Thank you for the privilege.”
And with those sincere words, Prosatio Silban picked up his worn leather knife-bindle, bowed to his patron, and made his exit into the cool Pormaris night.



Mayor of Ixtachet
In which Our Hero discovers that not all honor is worth the price.


EVERYONE WANTS TO BE THE Mayor of Ixtachet, at least until they become so — this Prosatio Silban discovered on a chance visit to the edge of the Azure Void which forms the southwest border of the Uulian Commonwell.
Ixtachet was one of the few villages in the Commonwell not blessed with verdant pasturage and running streams. Instead, its inhabitants lived in a series of cliffside huts, each with a breathtaking view of the Azure Void’s eternal twilight, and a small terraced landhold containing a handful of roosts for the prolific and precarious-clinging snoat, whose large and rich-flavored eggs were Ixtachet’s economic foundation. The village proper consisted of the huts, one public well, and a great warehouse called the Mayor’s Depository, and was seldom visited save by travelers either lost or seeking snoat eggs.
As a mercenary cook, Prosatio Silban was both — rather, he had been lost until (as one long-schooled in Uulian delicacies) he realized where he was, and once the prosperous figure before him had introduced himself as the Mayor of Ixtachet. He looked the part: garbed in well-made red and yellow silk robes set with small gems, and well-fed mouth set in a disapproving frown.
“Unless you are licensed by the Victualer’s Guild, I can sell you no snoat eggs,” said the Mayor of Ixtachet in exasperated tones. “They have each one of them been marked or spoken for.”
Prosatio Silban smiled a confidant’s smile. “Surely you could spare a single egg – say, sufficient for a dozen custards to adorn the table of a discerning Heir Second, as a complement to clinking crystal and after-dinner laughter?”
“Alas, no,” replied the Mayor. “I could no more spare an egg than I could spare a villager.”
“Why so?” Prosatio Silban asked.
The Mayor of Ixtachet then related his situational particulars: that his village was the only spot along the Void’s rim where the tentative snoats would roost, and then under such conditions as could be guaranteed through constant supervision by every other villager. The eggs brought almost incalculable wealth, but so busy were the Ixtachetians with snoat maintenance that they could spare just one day a year to enjoy it: the day they buried the old Mayor of Ixtachet and elected the new. Everyone wanted to be Mayor of Ixtachet — among other things, it meant respite from the ceaseless toil of snoat-watching — and the election always selected that year’s most charismatic and beloved person. It was considered an act of both mercy and trust.
But the Mayor’s task it was to guard the village’s health as well as its wealth: the vast treasure would also have been his pleasure were not his the hands which helped as needed, the tongue which dealt with (licensed) traders, the eye which oversaw everything, and the shoulders which carried those obligations day by long day.
This lesson was only learned on the first day in office, and later confirmed by slow experience, because those who learned it were too enfeebled by their service to effectively warn their successors on Election Day.
“All they see — all I saw — is the robes and the authority,” said the Mayor of Ixtachet. “Not the responsibility.”
As Prosatio Silban bade the village and its robed guardian an eggless farewell, he reflected, Everyone wants to be the Mayor of Ixtachet – and, probably, always will.



Mapping Lesson
In which Our Hero expands his horizons on the Rimless Sea.


NIGHT, AND THE CLEAN SMELL of salt. Slap of waves and wind-flapped canvas. Creak of leaping timbers. An urgent overhead call, and a soft but substantial nearby splat.
I just served that, Prosatio Silban thought in mild vexation, and reached for a mop.
It was not the Cook For Any Price’s first brush with someone else’s seasickness, and in fact he himself had suffered from the Mariner’s Malady for the first three days of his current adventure. For he was aboard the Golden Rose, working his passage around and across the Rimless Sea by helping out in the galley (and environs) as needed. Right now, that meant standing vigilant on the weather deck with a basket of gingery seedcakes and large hotpot of yava to ballast the crew’s queasy stomachs – and a ready mop for when he couldn’t.
Prosatio Silban sighed and drew the top of his dark woolen cloak against the evening chill. The Golden Rose was as modern a deepwater merchantman as the Soharis fleet could boast: six tall masts with azure lateen sails; five decks; a half-dozen holds bulging with dog-wheat, blue rice, jaraanga beans, and other bulk-trade comestibles; and four private passengers’ quarters. The ship was overseen by a greybearded captain, an ambitious mate, three ship’s cats, and a sturdy crew of twenty-three from various coastal settlements around the Rimless Sea.
Sailors are a superstitious and hungry lot, and the Rose’s crew shared both those qualities in abundance. Among them were more than a few who were convinced that by having a self-defrocked Sacreant aboard, misfortune would take an active and malevolent hand in the ship’s proceedings. Anyone who turned his back on the Flickering Gods was viewed by most of the crew as unlucky in the least. And who would want to sail with such a one?
For this reason Prosatio Silban kept to himself when not serving his galley watch. He spent his off-hours staring disconsolately off the foredeck rail, looking for visible aquatic life (dolphins, wingfish, or grey or red whales), or stretched out in his hammock with Barbatus the Elder’s Rimless Tales (a thick anthology of stirring sea sagas).
Right now, however, the only souls above-decks with the cook-errant were the steersman, navigator, and five sailors aloft; everyone else was sleeping below. Night sailing could be a tricky business. Even this far out on the Rimless Sea one could never tell what hazards lurked on or just below its rippling surface.
At least, until one was right on top of them.
The first clue Prosatio Silban had that all was not right was a sudden lurch forward. The seedcake basket and leather-wrapped yava pot flew out of his hands to crash on the deck. He tried to grab the portside rail, but missed and sprawled flat on his belly.
Stark cries came from overhead as the aloft crewmembers sought purchase on spars or rigging. The captain came roaring out of his cabin aft of the steering-hutch. “What the devils was that?”
“I don’t know, sir,” replied the navigator. “The following-wind has brought us near the border of the chart. We’re over the Sea’s most unfathomable depths here.”
“Deploy torches!” cried the captain. “I want to see what we hit, or what hit us.”
By this time, the crew had come on deck and were milling about in half-awake disorder. A torch was lit; others were lit from it, and a beaded necklace of light encircled the ship’s perimeter. Prosatio Silban grabbed a torch and held it over the portside rail, leaning into the blackness.
At first, he thought there was something wrong with his eyes; despite the torch’s lambent brightness, he couldn’t see any water lapping against the side of the ship. Confused shouts arose from the other light-bearers.
“There’s nothing there!” cried one.
“What demonic mayhem caused this?” called another from the opposite side.
“I bet it’s that Sacreant cook’s fault,” said a third. “Where is he?”
“We must appease his gods!”
“Let’s throw him overboard!”
“There he is!”
A cold weight crushed Prosatio Silban’s bowels. He tried to ease away from the rail, but the mob was on him in a heartbeat. Despite his heroic thrashings, one sailor got hold of his legs and another his arms, preparing to toss him to his doom.
“Wait!” shouted the mate. “Don’t kill him. His death will further curse this vessel. Make him pray for our deliverance instead.”
With reluctance, the sailors holding Prosatio Silban relented and stood him on the deck. 
“You heard the bo’s’n,” one growled. “Pray! Pray as if your life depends on it – because curse or no curse, it does.”
Trying to ignore the ring of unkind faces, Prosatio Silban coughed, knelt, raised his hands, and closed his eyes.
“O Porthunis the Oceanlord,” he began. “O Thupitor, God of Impeded Travel; and Penteget, Goddess of Just Desperation; hear our plea and grant our boon. We are greatly grateful for Your having blessed us with fair winds and a following sea, but now Your children are in the direst of straits. Help us to help You to manifest Your grace ‘pon this ship, its master and its crew, that we may be set upon Your path and travel the way You intend for us. In return we will stoke high Your altar-flames and publish Your miracles wherever sailors gather. This we affirm.”
“This we affirm,” murmured the sailors with one reverent voice.
The generous breeze which had been blowing from astern ceased, and the sails sagged. A dead quiet settled around and over the ship.
“That’s not the sort of godsly help we were asking for,” someone muttered.
Then the mate spoke. “Where did the stars go?” he asked. “They’re neither above us nor behind us.”
An alarmed grumbling arose from the crew. The captain shouted it down. “We must have sailed under clouds without knowing it,” he said.
“But I’ve been watching the stars, sir,” countered the navigator. “Just before the lurch, they ... well, they vanished. From all around us, at once. Clouds wouldn’t account for that. We have sailed past the edge of our charts, and ...” His voice trailed off.
 “’And?’” pressed the captain. “And what?”
“And, at least according to legend, past the edge of the world,” the navigator said.
There was a profound silence.
“Is that possible?” asked the mate.
“How did we do that?” asked a sailor.
“How do we find our way back?” asked the bo’s’n.
The captain frowned. “Excellent questions all. If we were still in the water, I would lower the longboat and have the oarsmen haul the Rose along after it,” he said. “But I’m not sure there’s anything to lower the boat into.”
“I’ll find out,” said the mate. He strode to the main deck’s starboard rail with a coil of rope and made fast one end to a mooring cleat. He tossed the free end over the side and mounted the rail. “I’ll be right back,” he said.
The crew watched as the mate clambered hand-under-hand toward the thick darkness. When he thought he had gone far enough, he stretched out an inquiring leg.
“I don’t see anything – not even the rope’s end,” he called up. “There’s no resistance to my foot. I’m going to lower my other leg and see what happens.”
He did so. With a sharp cry, his hands slipped and he disappeared into the blackness below.
“Haul away, boys!” shouted the captain.
Three sailors sprang to obey, but retrieved only the rope. The captain cursed.
As these events unfolded, Prosatio Silban found himself thinking of a lesson from his early days as a Sacreant-in-training. “The map is not the territory,” one of his teachers used to say. “Just because you know the description of a thing, doesn’t mean you know the thing itself.”
The young initiate had always found that a difficult concept. “How can you know something without being able to describe it?” he asked.
His teacher smiled a knowing smile. “One day you’ll understand,” she said. “And when you do, there will be no doubt.”
This might be that day, Prosatio Silban thought. He closed his eyes, slowed his breathing e  He cH
, and concentrated. In his mind’s eye was a vast, disk-shaped sea, afloat with islands of every size and type of landscape; a kaleidoscopic patchwork of overlapping images – many in sharp detail, others unspecific – infused with the sense-memories of the disk’s varied populations. Within the kaleidoscope was everything known; outside of it, everything unknown.
The task, as he saw it, would be to meld the border between. But how?
I suppose this is why they call it the Rimless Sea, he thought, opening his eyes. A deep and confident tranquility suffused his spirit. The vision in his mind held steady.
“I may know a way out of this,” he said to the captain. “You must have everyone focus their attention on the waters surrounding us. Do not be afraid. Do not even think. Just ... be.”
“What the devils does that mean?” demanded the captain. “There are no waters surrounding us.”
“There will be,” Prosatio Silban said. “In the name of the All-Mother, you must trust me.”
“What good would that do?” asked the bo’s’n. “You already asked for divine assistance, and failed.”
The sailors piped in. “That’s right.” “I don’t believe this.” “We’re doomed.”
“This has nothing to do with the Flickering Gods,” replied Prosatio Silban with quiet equanimity. “It has everything to do with us, with how we see the world. We are going to change that world. But we can only do it together.”
The captain sighed. “Let it be so,” he said.
“Right,” Prosatio Silban said. “Close your eyes. Breathe deep. And don’t think of anything other than the timbers beneath your feet and the Rimless Sea supporting them.”
After a few diminishing complaints, the sailors obeyed, the deck becoming resonant with their coordinated susurration.
In a near-whisper, the cook addressed the navigator. “Now,” he said. “Draw a supplemental chart. One that surrounds our ship.”
The crew inhaled, then exhaled.
The navigator picked up his pencil, protractor, and divider. He affixed a new sheet of parchment to the one he had been using, sealing the edges with candlewax. Soon the addition was filled with the curious symbols of his ancient profession.
Inhale. Exhale.
Prosatio Silban’s eyes closed, and he bent his gaze inward. The picture in his mind had changed; instead of the kaleidoscopic patchwork, all he saw was an image of the blue, blue sea. By degrees, the water consumed his inner vision, blotting out everything around it.
Inhale.
I am the ocean, he thought. WE are the ocean.
Exhale.
The pencil scratched. The sailors breathed.
A long moment, then the navigator spoke. “Done.”
He looked at Prosatio Silban. Prosatio Silban opened his eyes and looked at the captain. The captain was looking into the distance.
From the hull below came the gentle slap of water. The captain could see it rippling toward the starlit horizon. He exhaled heavily.
“Prepare to lower the longboat,” he said. “And to row like you’ve never rowed before.”



Infinite Application
In which Our Hero reflects on a perennial refection.


THE RICH ARRAY OF UULIAN cuisine offers recipes suitable for everyday use, as well as those forming the culinary backbone of special occasions. And sometimes, one can capably serve both roles.
Prosatio Silban smiled the smile of a man completing a beloved task. Just right for the Heir Second’s feasting-table, he thought, putting the finishing touches on his work. It’s amazing that this one dish can be applied to any occasion.
His smile deepened. Indeed: here is history on a plate! This has been cooked at countless times and places since the Uulian Commonwell began, and perhaps even before. I feel privileged to bring it to life for all who request it ...

* * *

“It must be simple and plentiful, and easy to eat while watching the Martial Virtuosities,” said the Tirinbar athletics enthusiast. “And it cannot be too expensive. I am not paying you for an extravagance.”
“You need have no worries on that score, no pun intended,” Prosatio Silban reassured his potential client. “I have just the thing. It provides substance to the belly and delight to the palate. And the cost is quite low, especially considering the volume involved. Twelve in copper for the ingredients, plus labor and delivery...shall we say twenty in copper? Or if you prefer, one in silver?”
“Done.”

* * * 

“It is for my daughter’s wedding night,” said the beaming Pormaris merchant. “Her mother made it for me on our wedding night, may her soul be bound up in the All-Mother’s tender embrace.”
“It is something rare to be able to carry on a family tradition,” Prosatio Silban said. “I am certain your daughter and her new husband will enjoy it as much as you did. May they bring you many fat grandchildren.”
“Thank you. If such is the will of the Flickering Gods, I will be content.”

* * * 

“We cannot afford much,” said the Soharis marketplace porter. “But we want our event to be comfortably memorable. All of our friends are pitching in to make it so.”
“How little you spend will not detract from the quantity I shall provide,” said Prosatio Silban. “I can feed a small crowd at no more than six in copper for the ingredients. After that, you may pay me what you will for my services. I know your limits, and will not balk at their restrictions.”
“Done. And – thank you for your kindness.”

* * * 

“Let me see,” said the village customer in the shadow of Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon as she consulted his painted menu-board. “I can’t believe you cook and serve that! How can you stay in business by charging so little for it?”
“It is not there as an oversight,” replied the cook. “People genuinely enjoy it, and I try to make affordable my offerings while ensuring a balance between the familiar and exotic.”
“Well, then. Bring me a plateful, please.”

* * * 

That night, after the cookware, tableware and cutlery had been cleaned and put away, Prosatio Silban grinned an anticipatory grin as he spooned cold leftovers into a shallow bowl for his own late supper. He dug in a fork with gusto.
A dish for all seasons, he thought, chewing with sincere enthusiasm. No matter how it’s seasoned.



Vanishing Point
In which Our Hero dissuades an eager seeker.


IT WAS THE MOST IMPROBABLE of places to meet a past acquaintance, but Prosatio Silban was accustomed to the improbable – in fact, one might even say he preferred it.
Riverwood was the northernmost border-settlement within the lands surrounding epicurean Pormaris, that most decadent of the Three Cities of the Uulian Commonwell. Nestled between tall, round Sentinel Hill to the west, and the thick-wooded Greenlanes to the north and east (and separated from that enchanted forest by the tranquil and iridescent Crooked River), the village was a destination not only for Uulian seekers-after-mystery but also, sometimes, for the Treeborn: furtive Greenlanes indigenes who traded in woodcraft and herbaceous treasures culled from the very foliage that, it was rumored, first gave them life.
As the Treeborn generally kept to themselves, Prosatio Silban had not yet met any. But he was looking forward to the possible opportunity as he parked his galleywagon in Riverwood’s marketplace late one morning, between a scarlet-beeswax merchant and a dealer in stone- and ivory-carved curios. He fed his beloved buopoth, Onward, a greasy maroon fatberry cake, told it what a good buopoth it was, and set up a painted menu-board detailing his offerings under the three-colored legend COOK FOR ANY PRICE. Deploying a table-and-chairs for the use of hungry passersby, the cook waited with one arm akimbo to see what would come of it all. He did not have to wait long.
“MASTER COOK!” boomed a fruity, somewhat familiar baritone from behind him. Two men were approaching. The shorter was clad in an embroidered, deep-blue tunic gathered at the waist by a long grey beard knotted at one hip; these clothes, plus a wide-brimmed straw hat and long bamboo staff, proclaimed the wearer was an Intuid – one of the M’zei explorer-sages whose city lay far to the north of the Commonwell. His taller, beardless companion was attired in a similar hat and light-blue tunic, and grinning an immense I-know-you grin. Something about them raised a dusty memory in Prosatio Silban’s mind.
“I’m sorry ...?” the cook began, and then the dust was puffed away. “Sir Darpino Phaval!” he exclaimed. “And ... let me see ... is it Avinadav? Yes! How long has it been?”
The men bowed their heads in turn, and the beardless one spoke. “(‘your’ presence may enlighten our eyes),” he said in a perfect M’zei accent.
“(futures precede us),” Prosatio Silban answered. “Your inflection and intonation have improved, Sir Darpino. Have you been practicing?”
The new-arrived pair exchanged mirthful glances. “In a manner of speaking,” replied the taller. “But it is ‘Sir Darpino’ no longer, only ‘Phaval.’ Since the mystical dinner I had with you both in my Soharis manse one ago, in the Year of the Rain-washed Flagon, I dissolved my teak business, gave away my fortune, and became Avinadav’s acolyte. What I learned that night has more than repaid me since.”
“(‘he-now’ ‘is’ no longer pushing ‘his’ head ‘through’ books),” Avinadav interjected. “(‘he-now’ ‘is’ ‘at last’ learning how to learn.)”
“What brings you both to Riverwood?” asked the cook.
“Avinadav has never met the Treeborn, which is reason enough for him to visit,” Phaval replied. “I have been here from time to time as a teak merchant, and volunteered to act as his guide and interpreter. I would also like to meet the Treeborn; perhaps spend time learning with them ...”
“Are you still a student of comparative religion?” asked Prosatio Silban.
Avinadav burst out laughing, and Phaval joined him. “Hardly,” said the latter. “I am no longer trying to prove that all the Exilic Lands’ indigenous religions have their basis in the Uulian faith. But I am interested in how different traditions achieve certain ... expanded mind-states. ‘Practical spirituality,’ one might say.”
“(‘those’ who know, know),” said Avinadav, adding in whispered Uulian, “Wordless mind dies in words.”
“’Wordless mind?’” asked the cook.
Phaval smiled. “The local innkeeper owes me a favor or three, so we are staying there tonight. Let us leave you to your customers. I hope you may join us afterward – and I shall show you what we mean.”

* * * 

Despite its pretentious name, the Inn at Riverwood had earned a coveted three-star standing from Barbatus the Elder’s authoritative Commonwell Hostelry (“A fine place; decent and clean; better food, drink &c than its two-star counterparts. A touch more expensive too”). The genial dining-room aroma followed Prosatio Silban upstairs, where he knocked on the door to which he had been directed.
“Enter!” came Phaval’s jovial shout. He and the cook exchanged pleasantries (Intuids only spoke when they had what to say) before broaching the evening’s purpose.
“It is an easy technique for bringing out the awareness common to all sentient beings,” Phaval said. “Easy – but also an exercise in diligence.”
“How does it work?” asked Prosatio Silban.
“First, recline on one of the beds, and close your eyes.”
The cook did so. “And now?”
“Breathe in and out for several heartbeats, until you are relaxed.”
A moment later: “Done.”
“Now, with each breath, take a mindful and negative inventory of your body beginning with your feet. For each part, say, ‘I am not my thus-and-such’ – ‘I am not my feet; I am not my ankles; I am not my shins,’ and so forth – until you have removed said member from your inner attention.”
Suppressing a smile, Prosatio Silban commenced taking one-by-one stock of – and denying – his hefty form.
“(breath) ... I am not my shins (breath) ... I am not my knees (breath) ... I am not my thighs ...”
With each denial he felt ... lighter? Less constrained? He couldn’t quite tell what was happening, but something was.
“(breath) ... I am not my heart (breath) ... I am not my lungs (breath) ... I am not my throat ...”
He smiled as he said this last removal (If I am not my throat, how can I be speaking?) then closed in on his identity-parts.
“(breath) ... I am not my brain (breath) ... I am not my mind (breath) ... I am not –”
Just then, his words – the denial-inventory, and even random and fleeting thoughts – dropped away as though he had burst upward through a tight and all-enclosing net. A great and timeless serenity filled him, from a source he could not name or imagine. In fact, even the word “he” seemed to him aptless and inexact. “He” was a wave on a vast and silent ocean with no sense of separation from the “other” waves, only an all-encompassing and all-connecting awareness. He had sensed this before, but never with such intensity.
By degrees, that intensity faded; he could still perceive the silence between his thoughts – a perception that (he knew) connected him, and would continue to connect him, to all that lived.
Prosatio Silban sat up on the bed and looked at Phaval, then at Avinadav. The feeling of universal unity remained. He could not stop grinning, and his gaze was mirrored by their welcoming eyes.
“’Those who know, know,’” said Phaval. Avinadav smiled.
“Where did you learn this?” Prosatio Silban asked Phaval.
“His name was Anamar,” Phaval replied. “One of the early M’zei teachers. He lives still wherever and whenever his teachings are related. But Avinadav is the one who imparted it to me.”
“Forgive me, but I have felt this before,” said the cook. “But it was not as intense.”
Avinadav remained impassive save for his faint smile, but a shadow crossed Phaval’s face. “How so?” he asked.
With broad strokes, Prosatio Silban sketched out what he called his “Golden Moments” – unbidden, lifelong glimpses of the ecstatic union of all that exists. “I picture it as the world becoming a limitless, pieceless puzzle-picture,” he said. “But I had no idea that the experience could be replicated at will – I thought it was just a fleeting view. Thank you for demonstrating otherwise.”
Avinadav beckoned to both of them, then bent his head. “Wordless mind dies in words,” he said in soft Uulian. “Do not kill eternity.”
“(‘what’ do ‘you’ mean?)” asked Phaval in the Intuid’s native tongue.
Avinadav pointed at Prosatio Silban. “Ask him.”
There was a pause.
“I think,” the cook said in measured tones, “he means that we should not try to analyze this knowledge, but only be aware of it – and enjoy it.”

* * * 

Prosatio Silban stowed his painted menu board in its place beneath his galleywagon and sighed with contentment. He had just completed three days of adequate profit in Riverwood, and though failing to catch even a distant sight of the Treeborn, he did at least have one more fine and blessed moment to add to his spiritual storehouse. He had said his goodbyes last night to the inscrutable Avinadav and a subdued Phaval, wishing them well on the way to their next circumstantial combination, and decided to wander south toward the victual- and customer-rich city of epicurean Pormaris. I do so love the iridescent river, he thought. And one never knows whom one might meet.
The cook was feeding Onward a fatberry-cake breakfast, when Phaval appeared. He was less ebullient than before, and when Prosatio Silban asked him about it, the seeker looked down at his shoes before replying.
“I want to become your acolyte,” he said in a muted voice. “That is, if you’ll have me.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“I see now that Avinadav is just a scholar. I don’t hold that against him from whom I have learned so much – but your truth is more ... vital. Natural. It flows from who you are, not what you are.”
Prosatio Silban frowned. “I do not know that anyone can make such a judgment,” he said. “Everything we do flows from who we are. The experience we three shared last year – and this week – informs that flow. It should deepen us, not define us.”
“That’s what Avinadav told me.”
“Then you know it is true.”
“How do you do it?”
“In a way that cannot be expressed in words, but comprehended through a ritual-patterned, unfolding life of service.”
“But that’s so difficult!” exclaimed Phaval.
“Yes,” said Prosatio Silban. “Yes, it is. But it becomes easier with practice. As you implied, it is an exercise in diligence. Someone once told me that ‘to find water, dig one deep hole – not a lot of little ones.’ I have found that also to be true.”
Phaval stood silent, gazing across the river at the Greenlanes.
“Do you want advice?” asked the cook.
“Please.”
“Go back to the teak business. Or do something – anything – that will enable you to serve others.”
“Why?”
“Because,” Prosatio Silban said, “it is the only way to ever serve yourself.”



World’s Best
In which Our Hero plumbs the mystery of the Perfect Comestible.


IN THE MIDDLE OF THE Emerald Incessance, that great sprawling territory east of the Uulian Commonwell, Prosatio Silban was searching for the tastiest meal in all the Exilic Lands.
The Incessance was hundreds of square miles of hummock, tussock, occasional trees and overtowering bladegrass; inhabited by roving beasts, societal castoffs and furtive Xao oal-herders — not a likely group among whom to find something described with bliss as every man’s favorite dish.
“Like my mother’s potato-and-pea fritters, but more so,” sighed one of three wizened Xao answering the Cook For Any Price’s polite inquiries.
“The Soup Demons take you!” objected his friend. “Toasted oal pancakes, like I hadn’t tasted since many years.”
“Ye’re both wrong,” chimed in the third. “It’s like swamp-apple crumble. Hot.”
Prosatio Silban hoped to collect the recipe and add it to his own great store, so he had hitched up his galleywagon and driven into the Incessance. He gave more-or-less free rein to Onward due to the quaint and lumbering dray-beast’s uncanny footing and impeccable nose; thus he came, two days after speaking to his informants, to a dilapidated shack under a large upas-tree. An old Uulian woman in a long, tattered grey shift was stirring a pot set on a long brick hearth. Nearby was a rough wooden table framed by sawn half-log benches. The air was redolent with a seductive aroma blending savory, sweet, and something else on which the cook couldn’t put an olfactory finger. He climbed down from the driver’s bench.
“I know what you’ve come for,” the woman said before he could speak. She didn’t smile, but her eyes were kind as she pointed to one of the benches. “Sit.”
Prosatio Silban sat. The woman oiled an iron fry-pan, placed in it a thin white disk of dough, and set the pan on the hearth. After a time, she stuck a ladle in the pot she’d been stirring and poured its bubbling contents over the dough, which she then closed with a quick flick of a slender spatula. From a tapped cask she decanted amber froth into a clay mug, plated her creation, and placed both before Prosatio Silban. “You’ll want to eat this hot,” she said.
The World’s Greatest Dish seemed to the cook-errant little more than a fried wrap filled with some sort of cheese – or was it stew? And what was that indefinable smell? He lifted the wrap to his lips, took a bite, chewed.
At first, it tasted of little more than its apparent ingredients, plus something unidentifiable: both flavor and texture changed with every chew. Whatever it was, it was another chef’s secret – and a delicious one at that – but he was no closer to plumbing the meal’s mystery. He sighed with pleasure and raised his eyes to meet the woman’s. She smiled a knowing smile.
“All my other customers just wanted their favorite dish,” she said. “Only you wanted to know what was in it.”



Sincere Runaway
In which Our Hero offers a ride to a small hitchhiker.


ON THEIR WINDING WAY BETWEEN Here and There, the tamped-earth roads of the Uulian Commonwell often offer mystery – and sometimes, adventure.
Prosatio Silban was driving his galleywagon from Treefall to Kissing Bridge, not far from the many-harbored city of Soharis. It was a fine summer’s morning: bright, not too warm yet, drowsy with the hum of distant insects, and fragrant from colorful splashes of sun-kissed flowers accenting a road-bordering light forest. The cook clucked encouragement to Onward, and sang to himself a traveling-song:

“I wander the throughways and byways
Looking for I know not what.
I know it is out there, somewhere
Because it is nowhere else.
Sing! Through the woods and over the hills
My road-itchy feet take me!
Seeking fortune wherever I go,
Calling on friends far and near,
And making new ones on my trek
Wherever I happen to roam.
Sing! Through the woods and over the hills
My road-itchy feet take me!”

He was about to sing the third verse when he caught sight of a young boy trudging along ahead. As the galleywagon drew nearer, the boy ceased walking and turned around. He was dressed in typical village-folk style; faded white tunic, tan kneebreeches and sandals, with a large burlap bag slung over one shoulder. Seeing Prosatio Silban, he smiled and stuck out three fingers.
“Hail, traveler,” the cook called out, reining his vehicle to a halt. “What can I do for you?”
“You can take me with you,” the youngster replied, with all the sincerity that only a confident child can muster.
“Where are you going?”
“I am running away from home.”
“Why?”
The would-be hitchhiker scowled. “My parents do not understand me.”
“Parents rarely do. Mine certainly didn’t. But will they not worry about your sudden disappearance?”
“They don’t care, so why should I?”
Prosatio Silban frowned in sympathy. “It sounds serious.”
“It is. They want me to do chores – milk the goats, pick fruit, run field-errands, and clean the floors. But all I want to do is have adventures.”
“Adventures? Is it not enough for a small person just to live in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds?”
“Well, I do not know yet,” the boy said. “I only started running away yesterday. And I am not small” – he drew himself up – “I was born eleven ago, in the Year of the Wakeful Cockroach. I am old enough to stand up for myself.”
“That is a fine age to be, and gods-willing, you have the greater part of your life ahead of you. In my opinion, you are making a fine start of it.”
“Thank you! I thought so too.”
“From where are you walking?”
The boy’s expression darkened. “I can’t tell you. You might take me back there.”
“Let us see where that is first. After all, it might not even be on my way, and I –”
“No!” the boy shouted, and dropped his shoulder-slung bag. He took off running into the roadside woods and was soon lost to sight.
By reflex, Prosatio Silban jumped down from the driver’s bench and unhitched Onward. “Come, boy!” he cried.
With one fluid motion the chatoyant animal’s outline melted into that of a giant wingless racing-bird. The cook hopped onto its back and clung to its thick neck as the pair dashed into the forest.
Onward-the-bird ducked low branches and bounded over twisted roots as they chased after their diminutive quarry. Soon the pursuers came to a wide clearing, and Prosatio Silban gasped. “What is that?” he exclaimed.
“That” was an enormous moon-bear, all teeth and claws and menacing posture toward the cowering boy. Prosatio Silban leapt off his mount and tackled the lad, shielding him as the metamorph began changing shape once more. It was partway into the overtowering figure of a carnivorous lizard when another party broke into the scene from the clearing’s far side.
The quartet was clad in the motley garb of traveling Aydnzmir soul-singers, and they immediately nocked arrows to their bows and commenced loosing. The silvery ursoid roared and swiped at the air in a futile gesture of defiance, then turned tail and crashed through the tangled woods. The cook regained his feet, as did the boy, and Onward resumed its bird-form.
“That was fortuitous,” Prosatio Silban said. “Good folk, we owe you our very lives.”
“Yes,” said the relieved boy. “Thank you.”
The tallest soul-singer bowed at the waist. “Aki-shmi and the Melodious Company are at your service,” she said. “And who might you be?”
“My name is Gostis,” the boy said. “I am running away from home, and from this man.”
“Why this man?” a second musician asked with a touch of suspicion.
“He wanted to take me back to my parents.”
“Ah,” said Aki-shmi. “If I may offer an alternative to this well-intentioned interloper, you could travel the Commonwell with us. Would you like to live a life of unbridled adventure? See new places and people? Sing to them for your breakfast, nuncheon and supper?”
“Truly? That is what I want more than anything in the world!”
“We can use a boy like you,” said a third minstrel. “Your high voice would draw a crowd, and you could dance for coins, clean the instruments, do the odd chores, carry the equipment ... won’t that be wondrous?”
The boy was quiet for a moment, then spoke in a small voice. “But where is the adventure in that?” he asked.
“You have to earn adventure, young lad,” said the fourth songster, catching Prosatio Silban’s eye.  “Nothing comes easy, but if you start young, it gets easier. Indeed, you could be just what we need.”
Prosatio Silban spoke up, suppressing a smile. “Hold a moment. I don’t have to take young Gostis back to his home after all. I too travel the Commonwell in search of opportunity and coin. He could help me sort my cook- and serving- ware, prepare ingredients, gather and press fatberries, groom my dray-beast, wait tables-and-chairs, do the odd chores ... the possibilities are endless. Of course, he is now your property through your saving him from certain death at the claws of the moon-bear, but I will relieve you of him for say ... ten in silver?”
“He is worth twenty at least,” Aki-shmi objected. “Look how sturdy he is! He’ll grow up to be a strong one. We should be asking twenty-five in silver; he seems smart and resourceful, after all.”
“I too am ‘smart and resourceful,’” countered the cook. “And I don’t need to argue with a mere fetching-boy over his idea of how to do a thing in the right way. Fifteen is as much as he’s worth, and –”
“Wait! Wait!” cried the boy. “I don’t want adventure if it means I have to do chores. I might as well go back home, where at least I know what chores I’m doing.”
“Perhaps I could take you there, and discuss with you life’s commonplace adventures,” Prosatio Silban said after a pause. “After all, it is on my way – at least, now.”



Road Bound
In which Our Hero has a significant first encounter.


MUCH HAS BEEN WRITTEN ABOUT the quaint and lumbering buopoths native to the Exilic Lands and other strange and exotic places. But to this day, little remains known (and less understood) about the shy beasts. Read on, seeker after mythopoetic mysteries, and more shall be revealed about one in particular ...

* * *

With a frustrated grumble, Prosatio Silban cast a final spadeful of earth on the makeshift grave and sighed.
Have more respect, he reproached himself. After all, this was what might be termed a close acquaintance. But what will become of my galleywagon?
He was not far from the village of Shar, a pleasant enough hamlet near the Reckless Hills on the Uulian Commonwell’s western border. It would have been far behind him by this time, were it not for the sudden death of his draft-ox leaving his galleywagon immobile in the middle of the seldom-traveled road.
I suppose it’s the village inn for me tonight, he thought. And then, somehow, engage another dray-beast in the morning. He locked his galleywagon’s half-doors, hunched his shoulders against the early evening chill, and began trudging east.
Soon, Prosatio Silban was breasting Shar’s outlying shacks. His gloomy meditations were cut short by the terrible sound of an animal bellowing in fear.
He made his determined way through twilit backyards and came upon a small mob of shouting and laughing boys, eight to ten years old. They were throwing stones at something tied by one leg to the trunk of a tall gingko sapling; two of them held sharp-pointed sticks. The beefy cook couldn’t quite make out the object of their pitiless sport, but its cries told him all he needed to hear.
“You there! Stop that!” he cried, leaping into the crowd and waving his arms. “How dare you so treat a fellow-creation of the Flickering Gods! What is wrong with you?”
The boys dropped their sticks and stones and ran for the center of the village, shouting for their parents. When they were gone, the cook turned his attention to their victim.
His first impression was that he had rescued an elephant, but that was on account of the animal’s massive girth. As he watched, its outlines softened and flowed until it almost resembled a huge chatoyant rhinoceros. To his relief, the beast was – by a curious miracle – unhurt and woundless, but still seemed terrified. Prosatio Silban raised placating hands and smiled a smile of slow recognition.
“Well, I’ll be dipped in hornet-honey!” he exclaimed. “You’re a buopoth, are you not?”
The buopoth extended what might have been a hoof. The cook gave it a gentle squeeze, prompting a soft growl of contentment.
“Let us see about this rope, shall we?” Prosatio Silban said. Taking from his shoulder-bag a small folding knife, he cut the thick jute bond tethering his new friend to the tree and rubbed what must have been an ankle. The growls increased in depth and pitch.
“Better now?” he asked. “I don’t suppose I can stay here tonight after spoiling the local boys’ fun. Anyway, you had better get out of sight.” After a final squeeze, he started back to his galleywagon.
He hadn’t gone far when he heard solid footfalls thudding behind him. He turned; the buopoth’s enormous bulk was outlined against the stars. It reached Prosatio Silban, sat down, and gazed at him with a tender expression in three of its large brown eyes.
“I presume that this is the part of our tale where you adopt me?” asked the cook with a grin. “As the saying goes: ‘If that’s what’s written, then that’s what’s written.’ Come along. I would enjoy your company.”

* * * 

In the Commonwell, buopoths are only known from children’s fables and other fairy-stories. No one is certain just how or why the great metamorphs came to be, but their legendary (and literal) stomping-grounds were said to be the vast savannahs of the Western Wides between the Commonwell and the Rimless Sea. They were intelligent, gentle almost to a fault, and reputed to draw a heavy burden for miles on a fatberry-cake and a kind word.
The perfect prey for those horrible little monsters, Prosatio Silban reflected as he took stock of his galleywagon’s pantry and vainly plundered it for appropriate provender. He had no fatberry-cakes, and didn’t expect to find any; the ubiquitous fruit’s oil was a cheap and efficient stove- and lamp-fuel, and the spent berries were pressed into lavender-scented maroon lumps suitable for torches and supplication-altars.
I suppose it’ll have to make do with a few kobi-nuts, he thought. I hope one sack is enough.
He hoisted a heavy burlap bag on one shoulder, made his way outside, and plopped the sack on the ground. “Here boy, or girl, or whatever you may be,” he said. “Enjoy these.”
The buopoth’s trunk sorted through the nuts, then paused, pricked up an ear, and pointed it eastward.
“What is it?” asked Prosatio Silban. 
Then he heard it too: angry voices. Heading their way.
The buopoth was nowhere to be seen. The cook scurried off the road, seeking shelter in a nearby thicket which offered good cover but a somewhat limited view of the road. I wish the galleywagon was less conspicuous, he thought. I hope I won’t have to take a loss.
The angry voices became more distinct. “Where is he?” “Nobody insults our sons!” “We’ll stretch him by his boot-heels!”
As they drew nigh Prosatio Silban’s hiding place, their forms became visible in the rising moons-light: a half-dozen burly men, armed with torches and farm-tools. They sported the sort of muscles one develops from hard work and frequent tavern-fights.
The men closed in on the cook’s vehicle. “This must be the stranger’s,” one said. Another shouted, “He doesn’t like rocks? Let’s give him some rocks through his windows!” This remark prompted general and mean-spirited laughter. He picked up a good-sized stone and cast it at one of the galleywagon’s small lozenge-paned windows.
It bounced off into the dense underbrush.
“How did –?” he cried in consternation. He tossed a second stone with greater force, but the same result. The men muttered to each other. One raised his voice to calm his fellows.
“Never mind the windows! We shall drag him out of there!” he said, climbing the three steps to the galleywagon’s horizontally split double doors. He raised a small sledgehammer over his head, brought it down hard.
It too bounced off, with nary a scratch to mark the impact.
“What dark magik is this?” the men muttered. “Who is that traveler?” “Mayhap we should purge his carriage – with fire!”
Prosatio Silban dropped his head into his hands. The stove’s fatberry-oil will go up in an instant, he thought.
The largest of the group applied his torch to the base of the galleywagon for several loud heartbeats. But as with the rock and sledgehammer assaults, nothing continued to happen. The cook’s sincere puzzlement was interrupted by a frightened shout from the would-be arsonist.
“I well know Sted’s hammer arm! And my own torch! This should not be!”
The others raised an alarmed chorus. “This is not of this world!” “May the Flickering Gods protect us!” And with that, the men fled back toward Shar.
Prosatio Silban exited his thicket, shaking his head.
The galleywagon’s outline softened at the edges; a great mass oozed onto the road and took on the form of an unspecific but large animal next to his undamaged vehicle. The buopoth gave forth a rattling hoot of triumph, then flowed into the empty ox-harness and looked back at the cook with expectant eyes.
Prosatio Silban threw back his head and laughed. “A most excellent jape!” he said. “A jape for the ages.” He stroked the creature’s flank and told it what a good buopoth it was, then thought for a moment.
“Beast or human, everyone needs a name, and yours will be ‘Onward,’” he said. “As a sturdy dray-beast with no defined shape, you are the perfect metaphor for what draws one through this life.”
So saying, the cook stepped up to the driver’s bench, sat down, and shook the plaited yak-hair reins. Onward bent to the task what could have been its shoulders, and the galleywagon rolled forward.
Prosatio Silban smiled as they picked up speed. “Let us go anywhere but here,” he called. “And let us do so ... together.”



Divine Gaze
In which Our Hero asks the Unanswerable Question.ero Hero Hero


PROSATIO SILBAN FINISHED HIS EVENING meditations, stood up on his ornate braided rug, and drew back the black silk curtain dividing his sleeping-berth from the rest of the galleywagon. ‘A long, busy day brings profit and rest – and well-earned both,’ he quoted to himself, and climbed in. 
Snuggling into the parrot-down coverlet, he exhaled a long and grateful sigh, reached out to his collapsible night-table for the well-thumbed book sitting there (Barbatus the Elder’s Poetries’ Emotion), thought better of it, and curled up on his left side. Good for the digestion, this, he thought. He closed his eyes, in supplication as much as in lassitude, and commenced his night- prayer.
O Galien, the All-Mother; Hopmon, God of the Ever-Full Purse; and Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Impartation; thank You for yet another full day of life. May I likewise be worthy of Your attention for a good night’s sleep. O my gods, mysterious and sublime: through all my prayers, I have yet to see Your face or hear Your voice. If only I could, I ... I would ... would ... almost touch you ...
Of a sudden, the Cook For Any Price was poised above a landscape spread below him like a living relief-map. A chill wind cut through his thin nightshirt and raised the hairs on his flesh; he hugged himself against the sudden cold.
“Take this,” boomed a thrilling contralto from behind him. Prosatio Silban turned; a large, thick white fleece hung before him. As if by reflex, he grasped it and slid his glance upward from the enormous hand which held the gift. A kind face looked down on him, flashing a smile both mischievous and welcoming.
“Who are you?” he asked in wonder.
“I am Paqtor, sometimes called the Goddess of Unreasonable Expectations,” she replied.
He knelt, wrapping himself in the pelt. “I thank You,” he said, and averted his eyes. “What brings You to cast Your attentions on Your humble servant?”
“Do not be so humble. You are an accomplished tradesman who has brought needed comfort to many who lacked it, nourishing food to many who lacked that, and I desire your company for a time. Take pride in those accomplishments, and raise your gaze.”
He did so, taking in sable ringlets, a noble nose, generous mouth, iridescent green eyes, and a white silk kaftan which flowed over a well-proportioned body five manheights tall. Try though he might, Prosatio Silban found himself unable to look away.
“I have heard your prayer and am intrigued,” she went on. “Why do you wish to behold Us?”
He considered before speaking, and answered with deliberation. “Well ... to tell You the truth ... I am not certain. I once served You all as a Sacreant, but it wasn’t until I became a mercenary cook that I truly felt that service. I feel closer to You all now in a way I never did then.”
“That is the way of divine service. Anyone can pray, or light an altar-fire. But it takes true dedication to welcome divinity by persevering among one’s fellow-creatures, and by using the skills we gave you.”
“Why did You give me these skills?”
She swept her hand at the landscape below. “See that island, where those three rivers converge into one? That is your people’s greatest city, epicurean Pormaris, just west of what you call ‘the grass-thick Emerald Incessance.’ Why do you suppose your people never colonized it?”
“I do not know.”
“Or the ‘Azure Void,’ far to the city’s southwest. Why do you Uulians have such a predilection for definitions and descriptions?”
“I ... do not know that either.”
“I could tell you our names for them, but your mouth would not wrap around their syllables. Being a deity has its advantages, but those advantages do not always translate well into other folks’ minds.”
“You are not going to answer me, are You, Goddess?”
Paqtor smiled. “I just did.”
Prosatio Silban frowned at the lush countryside below. So many lives down there, he thought. So many mysteries. And not many answers – if any at all.
“Here.” She offered her fingertip and thumb pinched together. The cook presented his open palm, and the goddess released her fingers to let drop a jewel depending from a small silver chain. He held up a stylized eye, apparently made of gold-set diamond, and cast at her a quizzical look.
“For when you need perspective,” she said with a grin.
Prosatio Silban sat up, eyes blinking from sunlight washing through the small window above his sleeping-berth. What? How? he thought, his mind a bemused haze. Did I ... could I have ... wait.
He felt at his throat, fingers touching something depending from a small silver chain which he raised to his field of vision. A stylized golden eye with a diamond pupil.
“This cannot be!” he exclaimed, and both amulet and chain dissolved into sparkling mist.
So much for needed perspective, he thought with a rueful smile. I must learn to choose my words with better care.



Fellow Seeker
In which Our Hero serves a man in need of a friend.


MOST MORNINGS, THE DOCKSIDE FOOD market in cosmopolitan Soharis was a-bustle with moneyed and caffeinated customers; on others, merchants and vendors would substitute sustained novelty for their pitiful lack of custom.
Prosatio Silban’s galleywagon had been parked for three days near the entrance to the seaside city’s main victual market. While the first two days had been profitable, he was beginning to despair of the third. 
It’s still early yet, he reminded himself.  And fortune’s wheel has innumerable turns. It is as inevitable as the tides. Someone will bring an ingredient too delicious or exotic to share with those at home. Or they will have no idea what to do with it, and thus require learned consultation. Or perhaps they missed their own breakfast and will need aught to carry away with them. Or, like this gentleman, they will take a seat and, I hope, ask for something expensive ...
His potential customer had the look of a veteran traveler. His grey tunic and dark green cloak were weather-stained, his high leather boots muddy and worn at the toes, and the staff he carried appeared stout enough to fend off even the most determined adversary. The man examined the menu board, nodded, and sat down with an audible exhalation at the nearest of the two tables-and-chairs.
Prosatio Silban hurried over. “With what may I please you?” he inquired.
“What can you recommend for one who has walked farther than he thought himself capable?” the man asked.
“Resoled boots, but I am not one who supplies them.”
The man raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Not a bad jape, but I was speaking of a hot and nutritious break-fast.”
“Well. I do have four items simmering on the stove. I may also offer you thick groatcakes swimming in tree syrup, fried filet of squid, smoked-mackerel spread with rye rounds, or –”
The man waved an impatient hand. “Bring me what you yourself would eat on a wearisome day when you needed refreshment.”
“I have just the dish you need. Pray take your ease while I fetch it.”
Prosatio Silban marched up the three steps to his galleywagon’s open door and disappeared inside. In a trice he returned with a bamboo tray bearing a plain earthenware bowl surmounted by what looked like a baked pastry crust. He set the laden tray on the table, then took from his apron’s chest pocket a red linen napkin and wooden spoon and placed them next to the bowl.
“Confit of fidget-hen thigh, with garlic and pungentine, served beneath chive biscuits,” he said. “Light but sustaining, it is a known restorative for spirit and body – and it cleans the breathing passages wonderfully.”
The man dug in with the spoon, releasing steam and a strong savory scent. He raised the spoon to his lips, sniffed, grunted, and took an experimental mouthful.
“By Oliento, Goddess of Small Pleasures!” he exclaimed. He took another bite, then another, and was soon cleaning the bottom of the bowl with what was left of the biscuits.
“Ahh!” he exclaimed in satisfaction, rubbing his belly and pushing away the bowl. “Now I can breathe. What do I owe you?”
“For this, I would ordinarily ask seven in copper, but am willing to charge you five if you regale me with how you came to be here in this particular city, on this particular day.”
The man nodded and rooted around in his coin pouch. Pulling out the modified sum and placing it on the table, he commenced his narrative:
“My name is Elbao Ozar, and I once had a friend dearer to me than even my own blood-siblings. We went everywhere together – school, shrine, play-field, each other’s houses. We even courted twin sisters. Both of us were ‘prenticed to the same glassblower, and were looking forward to fine futures. We had planned to open our own bottle-and-flask shop. 
“Then, one day, he left.
“Not just my company. I mean to say that he left our home village. He said something about wanting to see what was over the next hill. He took an armful of belongings including his blowpipe, pontil, shears, and other tools, bundled them atop a pack-zebra, and departed.
“That was years ago, and I seek him still.”
Prosatio Silban was silent for a moment. “I see why you would wish to find him,” he said. “But tell me – why is he still so important to you?”
“Since his departure, I have become lost in both life and love,” said Elbao Ozar. “He was the only one in whom I could confide. Such a one holds our secrets and can tell them back to us in a manner we can better comprehend.”
“I am sorry to hear of your personal futility. But that sort of a friend would indeed be missed, and worth finding again. How have you gone about it?”
“I have hired practiced trackers, consulted with sages and enchanters, offered at the shrine of Toth-Ar the All-Knowing, and even employed arcane talismans with seek-and-find virtues. While these measures have caught his footprints once or twice over the fruitless years, he has always stepped one crossing-stone ahead of me. In truth, I am almost wearying of the chase. But the promise of reunion guides me forward.”
“You seem to be a man of great resourcefulness,” said the cook. “This must have incurred considerable expense on your part.”
“It is a pittance to what I could receive should I complete my pursuit.”
“That is the nature of deep friendships. If those who complete us depart, that empty half is not easily filled.”
Elbao Ozar fixed Prosatio Silban with a sad but resolute gaze. “You are also a traveler?” he asked.
“I am.”
“And have visited myriad places?”
“I have.”
“Then I will ask you what I have asked countless others: ‘Have you seen a man who looks much like me, save taller, and with black hair and eyes instead of brown and grey? Who laughs at life and its discontents? Keeps his word without a vow? Whose conversation never touches on trivial things? Who drinks deep from the well of experience and asks for more?’”
Prosatio Silban pursed his lips. During his quarter-century as a mercenary cook, hundreds had engaged his services within and without civilized lands. He had served the palates and gullets of all social stations, from refined nobles to the bowl-of-beans poor. Yet he could remember no one matching the traveler’s description. His journey should not go unfulfilled, he thought. Yet the chance seems remote that I could have been in the same place and time as this man’s companion. 
“What will you do if you cannot find him?” asked the cook. “What if the stark fist of Angrim the All-Limiter has taken him out of your reach?”
“I have pondered that possibility,” replied Elbao Ozar. “But I will not abandon my search unless I know that for certain. I have invested into it too many years to end my quest now.”
“Where did you say you commenced this trail?”
“I didn’t, but it was in Sirenna. My home village, and in truth, not far from here. Why do you ask?”
“It seems to me that someone who wanted to ‘see what was over the next hill’ might eventually revisit his place of embarkation. That does not always happen, but it may do so often enough for a decent try.”
“I have already done that, but to no avail.”
“Perhaps you should try again. Pieces in constant motion on life’s game board do not, as a rule, occupy the same or even adjacent spaces; but on occasion, the Flickering Gods jest at our expense by directing us to the obvious.”
The traveler rose to his feet. “True enough. I will consider your advice.”
“It has been a privilege to serve you,” said Prosatio Silban with a deep bow. “Good hunting.”
The cook began to clear the table, and watched as Elbao Ozar made his purposeful way through the marketplace in the direction of Soharis’ main landward gate.
“Master Cook.” A quiet female voice, right behind him.
Prosatio Silban turned. The voice belonged to a woman garbed in weather-stained clothes and gear, with weary age showing both in her eyes and the grim set to her jaw.
“With what may I please you?” the cook asked.
“I require nothing from you,” the woman said. “But you require insight into your previous customer.”
“You are related to him?”
“Not for years. You know him as Elbao Ozar – but to me, he is the Mad Quester.”
“I do not understand.”
“He did not tell you all about himself. He is and has been suffering from a delusion: far from conducting a noble pursuit for his missing boon-companion, he killed this best friend in a drunken, melancholy rage. Pained and remorseful, he went into self-exile and now wanders the countryside in an endless search. It has lasted more than ten years now, and his madness has yet to abate.”
“How do you know this?”
“I was his beloved. Wherever he goes, I follow at a discreet distance to watch over him and worry. What would you do in my place?”
Prosatio Silban met her gaze with compassionate eyes. “I do not know. What will you do now that he is headed back to his earlier home?”
“I do not know.”
“Then please sit for a time,” said the cook. “I will bring you, at no cost, what I would recommend for one who has walked farther than she once thought herself capable.”



Affable Invitation
In which Our Hero diverts a probing question.


AS A COOK-ERRANT, PROSATIO SILBAN perhaps knew better than anyone the importance of first impressions.
“What a charming turn of phrase!” exclaimed the elegant middle-aged woman sitting down at one of the cook’s tables-and-chairs in the afternoon shade of his galleywagon. She was commenting on his signature greeting, “With what may I please you?”
“Thank you,” he said with a slight bow, and waited for her order.
“How did you come by it?” she asked.
He hesitated, his cheeks coloring. O Derriet, Patroness of Pointed Questions and Clever Retorts, he prayed. Please – guide, and forgive, my response.
“It was a long and eliminative process, and hardly noteworthy,” he said with a shrug. “Wouldn’t you rather place a lunch request?”
Her curiosity was not so easily parried. “I can do both,” she said, and glanced around the quiet Soharis marketplace-corner where his portable venue was parked. “I don’t seem to be intruding on any other customers ...?”
Prosatio Silban smiled, but only with his mouth. “It is not the most interesting of stories,” he said. “A quarter-century ago, I was a new-minted mercenary cook eager to distinguish myself from a marketplace’s other itinerant vendors. At first, I welcomed my potential clients with a cheery, ‘May I help you?’ However, that seemed lacking in originality and went mostly unheeded, so I progressed to, ‘How may I be of service?’ But that too seemed a bit flat, especially since I heard the same expression from other and more menial business-folk. One by one I experimented with alternatives, until, as though bestowed by the goddess Derriet herself, my present transaction-opener fell from my lips with fluent ease.”
The woman nodded, then reached out a jeweled hand and grasped his arm. “I thank you for telling me,” she said. “Now. If you don’t mind, I should like to order the truffled wheat-threads and a glass of white duliac ...”

* * * 

That night, over a relaxing cup of yava – and with something of a bothered conscience – Prosatio Silban reflected on that afternoon’s falsehood. He had been, as he related, new to the migratory-cook trade and eager to distinguish himself within epicurean Pormaris’ crowded marketplace. His galleywagon had then been parked next to the horse-drawn conveyance-cum-residence of Truilla Thopar, one of the Uulian Commonwell’s most famous wayfaring courtesans. Such diversions were not of great import to him but, rather than being scandalized, he was curious, and struck up with her an idle conversation. It was a slow day for both of them, and at one point a would-be customer intruded on their chat to inquire after the courtesan’s services. She turned from the cook and asked, with perfect sincerity, “With what may I please you?”
Not the most tasteful of tales, Prosatio Silban thought with a quiet if guilty smile, and only suitable for sophisticated ears. But isn’t that often the way of Truth?



Sentimental Journey
In which Our Hero helps rekindle a long-distant romance.


CASTING AN APPREHENSIVE BACKWARD GLANCE, Prosatio Silban flicked the galleywagon’s reins to hurry along his dray-beast. They were passing through rough and rocky countryside, and the Cook For Any Price wanted to reach his destination at speed – as befitted a pursued man on an urgent mission.
Let us wind back the calendar three days, O Patient Diner, to when that mission was first laid before him. The cook’s galleywagon was then parked in the marketplace at Machar’s Rest for longer than he wanted it to be. If I can’t soon attract any custom, I will die in this village, he thought with a wry, if wan, smile. His dire economic situation wasn’t due to his lack of diligence or inventiveness. But what is one to do when the only passersby are as coinless as oneself?
He had begun to despair in earnest, when the Flickering Gods (for those who believed in them) lent a hand. A handsome, well-dressed-if-a-bit-threadbare-in-places older woman, her eye caught by Prosatio Silban’s painted menu board, slowed her preoccupied pace. “You are the one known as the ‘Cook For Any Price?’” she asked.
He bowed. “With what may I please you?”
She studied the board, and tapped her finger on one of the selections. “This one. Can you prepare it anywhere?”
“An odd question, if I may say. I prepare in my galleywagon everything there listed. What are you asking me?”
“I know a man,” she said, her eyes misting. “Or rather, knew. His name is Sir Terrio Stev, and is a wealthy Soharis grain-merchant. We have been estranged for some time. More than was perhaps reasonable. I wish to send him this, his favorite meal, one which has deep meaning for both of us. Would you travel to cosmopolitan Soharis and cook it for him – for me?”
Prosatio Silban put on his most polite face. “It is my policy to serve all customers, at whatever cost, to the best of my ability. But Soharis is five days away, and the road thither is at times difficult. The undertaking you propose will incur certain expenses. Are you committed to underwriting them?”
She blushed. “I am. Or rather, he will be. Hopmon, God of the Ever-Full Purse, has not been kind to me of late. But the recipient is quite solvent, and will generously compensate you on delivery when you tell him from whose heart and hand it comes.”
“Would it not be easier to send him an affectionate missive via the Jade Hawk Dispatch? Your sentiments would arrive much the sooner, and cost you less overall.”
“The thought had occurred. But that avian service is pay-as-you-send rather than as-you-receive, and in any case it lacks the intimate touch. Nothing says ‘I still love you’ like an appropriate, handmade dinner.”
“That is true. I must ask, however – how do I know he will pay me? He may accept the meal, and let that be that.”
“It is not the sort of man he is. And also, I shall send with you a promissory-contract written in my own hand. Such documents are sacred to Hopmon and hence irrevocable. You will not lose by this engagement, I assure you.”
The cook paused, creasing his brow. “Well,” he said at last. “What did you have in mind?”
And now it was three days later, with the sun performing its inevitable dive toward the jagged western horizon and an unseen and unknown pursuer not far behind. It will be dark soon, Prosatio Silban thought with trepidation. Why am I doing this? Because I am a mercenary cook, and the pledged profit is considerable. The spiritual reward of reuniting long-divided lovers has nothing at all to do with it, of course. Of course. But – why am I being followed?
He scouted the boulder-bordered roadside for a suitable camp, found one among an off-the-road circle of tall obsidian pillars, and halted within it. Two of Onward’s eyes regarded him with warm anticipation as he proffered a fragrant pair of maroon fatberry-cakes. While the curious animal chewed with contentment, the cook peered back along the twilit, rammed-earth road.
Nothing. And yet, he knew with certainty that he wasn’t wrong. Shrugging, he stepped up into the galleywagon to see about his own dinner.
Soon, a frugal pot of jaraanga-beans was simmering on the fatberry-oil stove. Prosatio Silban sniffed, smiled, produced a bowl and spoon from the serving-ware closet, and ladled out a generous portion. Nothing like a quick and hearty dinner to thicken the hunger-weak sinews, he thought. Its very perfume alone –
He stopped, holding his breath. Was that a noise from just outside his galleywagon’s open half-door? The cook reached for a hidden cudgel, but before he could grab it a figure filled the doorway: a tall woman, younger than his own middling-years, dressed in nondescript travel-clothes and holding a short black quirt.
“We must speak,” she said in a voice like quiet thunder.
“Who are you?” he asked.
“You are traveling to Soharis on a mission of love. I must dissuade you.”
“Perhaps you can tell me what business it is of yours?”
“I know the parties involved. In fact, we are both on the same mission.”
Prosatio Silban lowered his voice. “Far be it from me to become involved in a tripartite lovers’ quarrel. My stake in this affair is strictly monetary; if you wish to press your suit, I will not stand in your way.”
The woman looked at him with blank eyes. “What are you saying?”
“I am saying that I expect to be paid for my services, whether the gentleman in question chooses you or your rival.”
“But you are my rival.”
It was the cook’s turn to gape. “What are you saying?”
Comprehension lit her face. “No. I believe you misunderstand. I am not someone’s lover. I am someone’s cook.”
“’Cook?’”
“Yes. Your patron – or rather, matron – wanted to hire me for the task on which you are engaged. As she could not afford my rates, I saw no profit in her proposal and told her so. But having her paramour complete the transaction puts it in a different light. I will reassume my rightful role in this happy melodrama and respectfully request that you bow out.”
“And I must respectfully decline. I have put three days’ worth of travel in this endeavor –”
“As have I!”
“– and I intend to see it through. I am bereft of coin –”
“Again!”
“— and while I can always find ample work in Soharis, this journey’s pay is my only chance at replenishing my ingredient-store so that I may so do. I am sorry, but I have just means enough to provide for my meager traveling-needs – plus one special and commissioned dish.”
“Well, then. We are at an impasse, are we not? What do you suggest we do?”

* * * 

“An excellent repast, Master Cook!” Sir Terrio Stev exclaimed, pushing back his emptied plate with a contented sigh. “In truth, she-who-sent-you knows my taste as well as she knows my heart.”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “That is gratifying to hear, sir. May I assume our business is concluded?”
“You may indeed. Bolio! Please disburse for this man the amount specified in my good woman’s contract. He has earned it by both his wits and his skills. And if I may request, Master Cook, I should like you to prepare for my reconciled lover a reciprocal offering. I shall pay you in full, and follow a day behind in order to effect a perfect reunion. Years and circumstance may separate our bodies, but not our hearts.”
A moment later, Prosatio Silban had thanked his new patron and exited the sprawling Terrio manse hefting two fat coin-purses. Whistling, he tossed one to his rival.
“You may now earn your own keep,” he told her. “He requests the same meal for his reconciled lady-fair, and will accompany you at a day’s distance. He is expecting me to cook it, but I think – given his rekindled ardor – he will overlook such a small detail.”
The other cook smiled. “Indeed,” she said. “Thank you for such an equitable solution. What will you do now?”
“’While life exists, the possibilities are endless,’” Prosatio Silban quoted. “A job will turn up here. It always has – and with the Flickering Gods’ help, it always will.”



Caveat Bibitor
In which Our Hero falls under an inadvertent curse.


IT WAS A COMMON ENOUGH skillet: two-thirds of a cubit across, three finger-breadths deep, of simple cast-iron with a carved thornwood handle. The dreams, however, were anything but common; mad reels of dissolute frivolity, the raw taste of cheap spirits, a seething anger, an unfulfilled lust.
Prosatio Silban had bought the skillet in stony-hearted Tirinbar, the northernmost of the Three Cities of the Uulian Commonwell, situated at a mountain’s foot on the Inland Deep’s northern shore. It was one of the cook’s least-favorite places due to the overarching materialism of its population and their policy of enslaving the Exilic Lands’ indigenes. He was on good terms with the latter, who had lived in the Lands long generations before the Uulians strode onto the stage of local history. He liked the Xao’s simplicity, honesty, and sense of both honor and humor, and he looked with pity and angry sympathy upon Tirinbar’s slave-market and the cruel treatment of its human wares.
As he was in Tirinbar for economic necessity (a generous noble had lured him hither to obviate his near-poverty by catering a lavish, hundred-guest feast), Prosatio Silban used part of his otherwise copious spare time and coin to browse through a curio-shop. I’m sure there must be something here I can use, he thought as he leafed through the old books, cast-off clothing and mysterious gadgets offered for sale. Ho ho, what’s this?
The aforementioned skillet was in excellent repair; no rust or baked-on detritus, not even the handle showing any evidence of age or use. He weighed the implement in his hand. Not too heavy, not too light, and it matched his grip as though made for it.
“I can see you’re a man of fine distinction,” the shopkeeper said. “You are holding a piece of history. One of our city’s foremost chefs, Bolan Su, used this almost every day until his premature death. It has cooked up meals to please diners famous and moneyed, and is suitable for both stovetop and oven – frying, roasting, braising, searing, or just adorning the wall of your kitchen. And it can be yours for only ten in copper.”
“That’s all?” asked the incredulous cook.
“That’s all,” replied the merchant.
“Sold,” Prosatio Silban said, and fished in his coin-pouch.
That was mere weeks ago, but it seemed longer on account of the dreams – and the urges.
Due to an incident in his young manhood, and besides using alcohol where appropriate in various dishes, the Cook For Any Price was a more-or-less teetotaler. But since buying the skillet, he had suffered the compulsion to drink whatever intoxicants he could find.
At first, his transformation was gradual – a nip of cooking-wine here, a swallow of finishing- brandy there. For the nerves, Prosatio Silban told himself, and for the digestion. Soon, however, he was taking drinks without self-justification. His personal appearance, too, began to change; though by nature fastidious to a fault, his usual dress now included an unbelted tunic, stained vest, and sloppy kneebreeches (on which he had been wiping his hands instead of an apron or shoulder-slung towel).
His galleywagon customers noticed these little differences, and dropped away one by one. Prosatio Silban told himself he didn’t mind – he didn’t much like Tirinbar’s citizens anyway, and welcomed the additional time in which to drink. As his coin dwindled, he took to soaking his sorrows with increasing frequency.
And yet, each time he used the skillet he was astonished at its beauty and efficiency. The well-seasoned surface made easy work even of fried eggs, and it responded to the smallest heat adjustment as though made of a much lighter metal. It was the first utensil he picked up when he began his day, and the last one he laid aside when that day was done.
Despite his dislike for the city and its inhabitants, he kept putting off his departure. Every day he would, with drunken difficulty, unsling a table-and-chairs from the galleywagon’s undercarriage and display his painted menu board to the indifferent market-going public, or else lollygag the hours in his sleeping-berth. And it was only with the strongest willpower that he packed up at the day’s end and resolved to depart – but the next day’s dawn would find him no closer to leaving.
What’s wrong with me? he asked himself over and over again. But the days wore by in a haze, and he was no closer to an answer.
One day, while obtaining wine elsewhere in the marketplace, he overheard two idlers indulging in reminiscent gossip. “Bolan Su, now there was a study in self-destruction,” said one.
Prosatio Silban caught his breath and listened.
“Always messing about with other men’s wives and ladyloves,” said the other.
“He should have known better than to involve himself with the High Sacreant’s consort.”
“Such dalliances always bear a curse.”
“True enough. They never did discover his killer, though, did they?”
“No. Only the body, and the weapon. Bludgeoned to death with his favorite skillet. Poor fool.”
“Where do you suppose that skillet is now?”
With me! With ME! the hapless cook screamed in his mind.
By that time, he was frantic. He had become a prisoner of his own worst intentions, and although he could witness his misbehavior, he lacked the will to exert himself toward repairing it.
The backbreaking straw came when Prosatio Silban caught an image of himself in his mirror: half-dressed, slack-eyed, with a bottle’s mouth to his own. Is that me? he asked his reflection. Is this what I have become? Hot tears flowed down his face.
He knew he had to do something. But what? He considered returning the skillet to the man who had sold it, but when he revisited the site it had changed hands to become a glassblower’s shop.
Of course it did, he thought. And just what I need – more empty bottles.
Not long afterward, the cook found himself lying prone on his sleeping-berth, sobbing. I am lost and alone, he thought, and will die here if I don’t act. And fast.
Prosatio Silban cleared his throat. He sat up, closed his eyes and bowed his head.
“O Penteget, Goddess of Just Desperation, and Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt, hear my plea and grant my boon,” he prayed. “I have nowhere else to turn, no one else to turn to. Help me out of my own self-created hell. Teach me how to break this apparent curse, and restore me to my life of happy industry. Aid me in working Your will in this world below, and I will relate your generous kindness for the rest of my life. This I affirm.”
Silence. 
The cook sighed, and opened his eyes.
Before him, on the galleywagon’s ornate braided rug, was a soft globe of shimmering light. Within it, a seated man engaged in some sort of exercise. The image became more distinct; the man was rowing a small boat on a vast, cobalt-blue lake. The figure in the boat raised a hand. It was holding Bolan Su’s skillet. With one fluid motion the man pitched it into the depths. As the skillet sank beneath the surface, the scene began to fade. Several loud heartbeats later, it was gone.
Prosatio Silban smiled, for the first time in forever.

* * * 

The oars in their locks squeaked with each stroke, and Prosatio Silban sang to himself to keep up both the rhythm and his mood. Although he was unaccustomed to the work, the strain in his muscles felt good. Clean. Purposeful.
The Inland Deep was surrounded by tall mountains, but no reflection could be seen on its glassy surface. It was well-named; the lake’s cold blue waters were clear to the bottom, but the cook’s vision couldn’t reach that far. Small fish darted here and there as he passed over them.
He had obtained the boat with the last of his meager coin reserve. Fortunately, the man from whom he rented it had but one question. “What d’ye want to row out on the Deep for?”
“Exercise,” the cook replied. “I’ll have it back within two hours, on my word as a gentleman.”
“Very well,” the man said with a disapproving grimace. “Your word – and six in copper.”
And now, he had arrived at his destination: close enough to shore to return in the paid-for time, yet distant enough to enable the task at hand. Prosatio Silban drew in the oars. He fumbled with the worn burlap bag lying in the boat’s bottom, and removed from it Bolan Su’s skillet.
The cook hefted it in his right hand. It truly was a fine piece of making. He almost hated to be rid of the thing, and at the same time he despised the very sight of it. He half-rose into a crouch, and stretched his right arm behind him.
Wait.
The word formed itself in his mind like the quiet uncoiling of a snake.
We could be so happy together.
“No,” Prosatio Silban said aloud. “We couldn’t.”
I could make your life easier.
“You have made it harder.”
Please. Don’t leave me.
The cook hesitated. It was a mere tool, after all; could it in truth be responsible for all his ills? Why discard a tool so well-crafted, so easy to use? Surely the weakness must lie within him instead of this beautiful utensil.
And then he remembered the image in his mirror – a disheveled drunk with nothing to hope for but the next swallow of slow poison. A bolt of self-loathing shot through him; with one resolute motion, he hurled the skillet far away and watched it tumble handle-over-body into the Deep.
It sank without a splash, and with the echo of a fading cry in his mind.
Prosatio Silban set the oars, then straightened his shoulders for the clean and purposeful haul back home.



Meals: An Amuse-Bouche


“WHAT MAKES A MEAL A meal?” asked one of Prosatio Silban‘s customers over a plate of pan-seared fidget-hen breast, green beans and blue rice.
“Many have attempted to define that term,” answered the Cook For Any Price, wiping his hands on his green apron. “Some say it has to do with cooking or presenting the food a certain way. Others aver that it concerns one’s dining companions. But I think it is the transcendental appreciation of the fare and the setting, when Time slips away and sheer enjoyment reigns. Moments like those cannot be replicated or defined — only experienced.”



Annual Doom
In which Our Hero looks Death, or at least its messenger, obliquely in the face.


FOR SOME, DEATH IS AN unwelcome interloper; for others, a faithful ally. And for still others, its palpable presence can bring a type of hope.
Prosatio Silban swallowed the last of the blue duliac from its minuscule glass and sighed. He had been curled up in the Gold Piece Inn for what seemed like aeons, waiting on repairs to his galleywagon. One tavern, one wheelwright, and one ostler – that was the hamlet of Vetch’s Misery, an almost-abandoned village surrounded by fallow fields and muddy swampland.
For all that, the cook-errant was surprised that the inn was so crowded. From the outside, the building looked as though it would collapse at any moment, but the inside was well-lit and packed with the most dejected men he had ever seen. Some were at the bar, draining or gazing into their ale-mugs; others were distributed among the occasional plank tables, their middle-distance stares accenting turned-down eyes and mouths. At the ember-filled hearth, a serving-boy stirred a huge pot of grey stew being eaten without pleasure by the hangdog assembly.
It’s as though it were a funeral, Prosatio Silban thought, but with no guest of honor. He raised his glass in the direction of the attentive innkeeper, who responded by selecting a bottle and walking it over.
“Is the duliac to your liking, sir?” asked the innkeeper.
“Very much so,” Prosatio Silban said with a smile. “It is living up to its reputation as a mild euphoric, which is more than I can say for this company. Has there been a recent local death?”
“Not yet,” replied the innkeeper. “But soon.” Seeing the cook’s puzzled expression, he nodded at the young man seated next to him and holding his head in his hands.
“This is Jaro Darr,” he said. “He was a musician once, until the stark fist of Angrim, Lord of Time and Endings, took that away from him. He has been patronizing this establishment for nigh on a decade. Next to him is Octo Thundray, a former teacher of good repute, whose career was terminated last year when his village – including the school – burned down and he could find no other berth. Everyone you see has similar histories.”
“Then why are they here?” asked Prosatio Silban.
Jaro Darr turned a mournful expression in his direction. “To live before dying,” he said.
“I beg your pardon?”
The ex-musician opened his mouth to reply, when the inn’s door flew open. A cold wind swept through the room. Its refreshing bite seemed to energize the crowd, who began an expectant murmur. A tall figure in a hooded black robe appeared in the doorway, and they fell silent.
The specter took a step inside, then another, and Prosatio Silban glimpsed a gaunt countenance with deep-set blank eyes. He stalked from man to man, wordlessly looking each full in the face before moving on to the next. When he got to Jaro Darr, he stopped, raised a bony hand, and pointed.
“You,” he said in a voice as crisp and cold as fallen leaves.
Jaro Darr’s face lost its lugubrious pallor. The robed figure retreated to the open doorway, stepped through it, and disappeared into the night. The door closed with a heavy thump.
The inn was pindrop-quiet, but not for long. “Drinks on Jaro Darr!” exclaimed the innkeeper. A lusty, many-throated cheer went up, and the men next to Jaro Darr clapped him with fervor on the back and arms.
Prosatio Silban looked from face to face. Each was radiant with envious rejoicing, and the room filled with cries of “congratulations,” “there’s a good fellow” and “couldn’t have picked a better man.”
“Will someone please tell me what is going on?” asked the perplexed cook. In answer, Jaro Darr – now as joyful as he had been sorrowful a moment ago – said, “I told you I would live before dying. Now, thank the All-Limiter, I can.”
“How so?”
“We gather here every year at this time in hopes of being selected by Angrim’s Messenger. All of us have abandoned life for one reason or another; lost loves, failed businesses, inability to prosper. To be chosen is a great and happy honor. It means a year of success, of usefulness, and of memorability. We die at the year’s close, but what a life we lead until then!”
He shook hands with two beaming patrons, and the innkeeper threaded the conversational needle. “No man wishes to die a pauper, unloved and unknown,” he said. “And nothing spices life like death’s ever-present shadow. The chosen one leaves here with a renewed zest for the art of living, a purpose and the means to implement it, and the promise that he will be remembered. And that is as happy as a man can be.”



Face Value
In which Our Hero must choose between cookery and divinity.


PARTLY, IT WAS THE EYEBROWS.
In order to pass as a mercenary cook within the Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell, and without the need for too many probing questions, Prosatio Silban employed artificial eyebrows made from grey mouse-fur. They were tedious to affix each morning and challenging to remove each night, but in their absence, his customers might ask:
“Why don’t you have any eyebrows?”
“Were you injured in a culinary mishap?”
“I thought only Sacreants were hairless ...?”
This last question was the most painful. In a previous life-moment, Prosatio Silban had indeed worn the Rainbow Robe of a Sacreant, one of whose requisites for investiture was an all-over depilatory bath. But he had abandoned that path for various reasons which were a bit inconvenient to explain to inquisitive strangers. More than a quarter-century later, those reasons had deepened.
However, he had never quite lost faith in his people’s divine panoply, and in addition to thanking the Flickering Gods twice daily for their myriad benevolences he still, on occasion, asked them for help. For example, here and now in epicurean Pormaris where his faithful buopoth, Onward, appeared to have eaten a bad fatberry-cake. The animal was not quite sick, but it was very uncomfortable, so in addition to administering an appropriate calmative Prosatio Silban took the opportunity to call upon one of his favorite deities.
“O Hartiz, Protectress of Companion Beasts, hear my plea and grant my boon,” he prayed. “You have gifted me in many ways, not least with the comradeship of one of Your beloved charges, who needs more assistance than I can provide unaided. Please – help me to help Onward return to good health, that he and I may continue in Your holy service. I shall relate Your kindness whenever and wherever I tell the tale. This I affirm.”
A moment later, 
Onward’s irregular breathing slowed and steadied; the buopoth’s eyes closed, and it settled onto the ground with a soft sound of sleepy relief.
“That’s better,” the cook said.
“It is not at all better,” came a sharp voice behind him. “And it is, in fact, why I am here.”
He turned. A woman, draped in the traditional Rainbow Robe and wearing on her bald head a prismatic jewel set in a silver fillet, stood before him, her imperious face the very picture of severe disapproval.
“High Sacreant Burya Arped,” Prosatio Silban said with a respectful bow. “It has been years since last I saw you.”
“It was twenty-seven ago, to be precise,” replied the official. “The year of the Moonlit Oak. I see you have become somewhat thicker about the middle.”
The beefy cook smiled and rubbed his belly. “I suppose that’s true. It comes from eating, or rather tasting at whiles, my own cooking.”
“But you haven’t only been cooking for yourself. And therein lies the problem.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“No ‘former’ Sacreant ever leaves our scrutiny. You are neither the first nor the last to attempt otherwise, but while all had their reasons, most of them also had the good sense to make of it a tidy separation.”
“I do not understand.”
The High Sacreant scowled an annoyed schoolteacher’s scowl. “We know you have not given up acting the wonderworker. And we will not have it continue. Your unauthorized ritual crossed the boundary which divides sacred from secular, or more relevantly, citizen from Sacreant. You may not continue to take such liberties. You must either rejoin our order – or be done with it. And you have one week in which to decide.”

* * * 

Much as in any other civilized milieu, time in the Uulian Commonwell was measured by lunar and seasonal cycles. That meant a thirty-day month of six-day weeks, respectively reckoned from the phases of blue-white Evyhr and its smaller green companion, Anod. (The third visible moon, a tiny but baleful scarlet orb known as “the Eye,” hung motionless in the southwest, where everyone tried their best not to notice it.) The twelve months were each named for local wildlife, and seasons were called by their agricultural function: e.g., the balmy and sweet-aired Season of Rebirth, beginning on the first of Ape, marked planting and breeding time for one and all.
The High Sacreant’s six-day ultimatum had come in the last week of the cool and dry Season of Contemplation, and Prosatio Silban couldn’t help but notice the irony. I’ll wager she planned it that way, he thought. One more twist of the knife. It seems I have a deal of thinking to do.
He was not given to self-pity, and when he needed advice was not afraid to ask for it.
That evening the cook visited one of his favorite Pormaris taverns, Pelvhi’s Chopping-House. Its was named by and for an old friend who had known Prosatio Silban since he had first begun his professional life, and seemed a good place to commence his quest. The tavern was a famous haunt of the city’s hospitality-class, and accoutered with good food, deep mugs, and sympathetic ears aplenty.
“What say, Pelvhi?” Prosatio Silban asked as he sat down at the bar.
“I say many things,” replied the landlady. “Your usual?”
“If you please. And two cups.”
She nodded. “Happy to oblige.”
Pelvhi selected a small glass bottle of blue duliac from the well-stocked rack behind the bar, placed it and two thimble-sized ceramic vessels on a painted wooden tray, and set it all before the cook. The mellow-flavored spirits were renowned for their euphoric and creativity-stimulating properties, and Prosatio Silban felt he needed all the help he could get. He popped the cork, filled the cups, and raised his. “’To absent friends,’” he said.
“I will always drink to that,” the landlady rejoined, and did. The cook studied the bar-top.
“Pelvhi, how well do you know me?”
“Only what you have revealed in the past two dozen years or so. You’re not very talkative as a rule, nor secretive, and you also have a refined reputation – at least according to those who mention your name within my earshot.”
“That is gratifying to hear. Do you know what I did before becoming a mercenary cook?”
“I always speculated you were of low-born tenant-farmer stock, but your family wanted better things for you and thus, with grand pretensions, ‘prenticed you to become a cook. Am I wrong?”
“Well. They did ‘prentice me. But not to ‘the business.’ To the Sacreanthood.”
There was a pause. “Well. That would be a step up in the world,” Pelvhi said. “What happened?”
“Let’s just say I couldn’t square our traditions with my experience.”
“Few can. But that doesn’t mean they can’t live with the contradiction.”
“They can’t if their vocation dictates that they become hypocrites.”
“Truth. How does one leave the Sacreanthood?”
“Officially, so I’m told, one doesn’t.”
“’Officially?’”
Prosatio Silban raised his eyes to meet Pelvhi’s. “I have been ordered by my former Sacreantal superior to leave off tangling with, shall we say, active prayer.”
“Oof. Can they do that? Everybody prays.”
“Not with so great an effect as a Sacreant. Or even a former Sacreant.”
“If you want my opinion, you should quit working as a cook altogether,” interjected a newcomer. He was taller than Prosatio Silban, dressed in the green and indigo house-livery of a wealthy local merchant, and judging by his breath, had been drinking something much stronger than duliac.
“What would you know about it, Crasso?” asked Prosatio Silban with a smile.
Crasso returned the smile and clapped the cook’s shoulder. “Only that we don’t need your competition. Go back to your damned gods and leave ‘the business’ to the rest of us.”
Pelvhi looked at her longtime friend with sympathy. “That is one opinion. But perhaps you should seek others.”

* * * 

“Why do you seek my opinion?” asked the diminutive Pastori saucemaker.
He was sitting with Prosatio Silban on one of two folding stools outside the cook’s galleywagon, parked at the edge of a village two day’s haul from the City of Gourmands. The cook had made the journey with profound concern, given the High Sacreant’s allotted time. But his green-eyed and bark-skinned friend – who, like the rest of his curious people, bore no formal name within his community and only a vocational one among outsiders – was wiser than he in many matters. Over long years Prosatio Silban had come to value his judgment.
“Your people have a unique relationship with your gods,” the cook said.
“That is correct,” said the saucemaker. “We leave them alone, and they do us the same courtesy.”
“My own association is a touch more ... collaborative than that. I am beyond beyond-grateful for their aid, but my gods don’t always answer me – or, sometimes, do so in the negative. But to be deprived of their colloquy is a difficult prospect.”
“Oh, one can get used to anything. What troubles you most about this ultimatum?”
The cook sighed. “That it is being forced upon me. I do not take well to such peevishness. On the other hand, there is the matter of the eyebrows ...”
“You are not wearing them now.”
“No. But you know me.”
“That is so. Do they trouble you that much?”
“To tell you the truth, I do not know anymore. They have become part of my everyday routine, but I would like not to have to hide behind them.”
“If in truth you want my opinion,” said the saucemaker, “it is this: Continue in your divine appreciation, but cease relying on your gods and remain a cook. It is what you do well. It is what you love to do. And you have been doing it longer than you were a Sacreant. That is how everyone best knows you – and it is how you best know yourself.”

* * * 

A day before Prosatio Silban was to give his answer, he found himself in one of decadent Pormaris’ more run-down sections, searching for an Intuid. The mystical sages from the far north were unmatched scholars whose residence in the Exilic Lands predated by ages the near- millennium ago Uulian arrival, and they preferred to set their embassies in unpretentious surroundings.
One was seated on a discarded vegetable crate outside a makeshift dwelling of castoff boards, recognizable by his knee-length blue tunic, wide straw hat, and long grey beard. He and Prosatio Silban conversed in the Intuid’s native tongue, which the cook had learned years before during an extended stay in their city.
“(it ‘is’ ‘long-since’ ‘we’ have spoken),” the savant was saying. “(why do ‘you-now’ request ‘my’ insight?)”
“(‘i-now’ ‘am’ at ‘a’ life-crossing),” the cook replied. “(‘i-then’ and ‘i-now’ respect ‘your’ wisdom. ‘i-now’ ask: what would ‘you-all’ do ‘in’ such ‘a’ ‘place’?)”
“(‘we-all’ would not ‘be’ ‘in’ such ‘a’ ‘place’),” retorted the sage with a savage grin. “(‘we-all’ have no ‘gods,’ only ‘the’ stopless and wordless breath of ‘the’ ‘world-present.’ ‘you-now’ ‘are’ asking ‘the’ wrong ‘someone-else;’ it ‘is’ ‘your’ decision ‘alone.’)”

* * * 

The first day of Ape, in this Year of the Weighted Table, dawned warm and fragrant with breakfast-fire smoke. The bass tones of the Diamond Shrine’s bell sounded the second morning- hour, and at the carved and imposing ivory gates, Prosatio Silban awaited the High Sacreant’s appearance with a seething blend of calm and trepidation.
The gates creaked open to reveal the High Sacreant, flanked by two black-clad temple servants and regarding the cook with undisguised contempt. He approached, bowed, then stood and met her eyes with an unflinching gaze.
“I have been introspecting as you directed,” he said. “And I have enlisted the aid of several long acquaintances as I sought my soul for some definitive answer.”
“And your choice is?”
“My choice is this: I am not wise enough to choose. And neither are you. That decision should be made by the gods themselves. After all, it is They who choose to respond, or not, to my sincere and occasional entreaties. Should They not have a voice in this matter?”
The High Sacreant was silent for several loud heartbeats. “You raise an interesting point, I admit,” she said. “Come. We will approach the Shrine’s inmost altar, and put the question to Them. But should They not deign to answer you?”
“Then I shall trouble you no longer with such existential issues.”
A pause, then: “Agreed.”

* * * 

The Diamond Shrine was one of Pormaris’ oldest buildings. It was built to impress the laity: stout greystone columns supported a massive, blue limestone-brick tetrahedron overtopping a labyrinth of various-sized chambers and courtyards. Tapestries adorned the marble walls, depicting centuries of Uulian history and the divine part played in its development. As the four made their purposeful way toward the center of the complex, the High Sacreant gasped. She clutched at her chest and faltered, groping with her other hand at one embroidered wall-covering.
Without thinking, Prosatio Silban moved with a cougar’s speed, easing her down onto the rich cerulean carpeting. He knelt beside the panting official, bowed his head and let his arms drop, clearing his mind of everything but the struggling life before him.
“O Galien the All-Mother,” he murmured. “Healer of Life, Nurturer of What Exists, Quieter of Hurt, hear my plea and grant my boon. You have given me many undeserved gifts, but, one of Your charges is in extreme need. Please – we two have been, and perchance are still, adversaries. But let me play a part in helping You to help her return to Your holy service. In return I shall tell this tale of Your mercy wherever and whenever I can. This I affirm.”
At first, there was no visible change in the High Sacreant’s condition. Then, by subtle degrees, her breathing quieted; her face, which had been a creased mask of pain, began to smooth. Within minutes she was looking up at her benefactor with different eyes.
“Perhaps I was wrong,” she whispered, as the temple servants helped her rise. “Perhaps you do have a gift.”
“Not I,” Prosatio Silban said. “The Flickering Gods. We are simply ... Their agents.”
“Thank you,” she said, and bowed. “Our matter is closed. And may the Lambent Ones light your happy path forever.”
He returned the bow with a smile, and the High Sacreant watched the servants lead him back toward the main gate. As they turned a corner, a one-legged brown bird fluttered down from under the triangular roof; she extended a hand, and it landed with a wing-flourish on her outstretched finger.
“Thank you for your unsolicited participation,” it said in a musical voice.
Startled, she replied, “You did not give me a choice.”
“No, We did not,” the bird said. “And We do not apologize for using you to make a point. But all is as it should be. If you remember anything at all from this day, remember your parting words – and his.”



Purloined Eyebrows
In which Our Hero must track down a vengeful thief.


CLOTHES DO NOT ALWAYS MAKE the man. However, they, or at least their accessories, can certainly help.
Prosatio Silban rolled out of his sleeping-berth, yawned, scratched, and stood up on the ornate braided rug. He had parked his galleywagon the preceding evening adjacent to one of epicurean Pormaris’ more eclectic marketplaces, in advance of accommodating Heir Second Vajang Chorl’s annual Dependents’ Feast, and was looking forward to the morrow’s task and the substantial coin it would bring. He dressed with haste (green kneebreeches, white tunic, long grey vest, black shoes and fez), his thoughts coalescing around the needed ingredients for dishes and garnishes, and reached for the artificial eyebrows that were an essential piece of his everyday costume.
But where were they?
Puzzled, the beefy cook searched on, then around, their customary resting-place: a collapsible night-table outside the berth’s black silk curtain. There sat the thick codex he was reading (Barbatus the Elder’s Commonwell Excursions), a ceramic pitcher, and a water-glass.
And nothing else.
His consternation increased when he saw that the galleywagon’s door was ajar. It was not uncommon for him to open its upper half before retiring, even in the less-secure corners of the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities and Thousand Villages, so that he could better hear the local clock-tower’s on-the-hour chime. But the prior evening had been a cold one, so he had closed and latched both halves against the lacustrine island-city’s foggy night-chill.
Scanning the galleywagon’s interior – Perhaps they blew away somewhere when the door opened? he asked himself, and is anything else missing? – Prosatio Silban’s eye fell upon an inscribed wax-tablet square in the exact center of his preparation-counter. It was unsigned, and its contents tied an immediate pit-of-the-stomach knot.
You will now have to reclaim your prior occupation, it read. Too bad about what used to be your present one. My advice to you: leave Pormaris at once.
Now you must recall, O Patient Diner, that Prosatio Silban wasn’t always the Cook For Any Price. In a previous life-moment, he had served the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods as a Sacreant – one of those Uulian religious functionaries who oversaw much of the Commonwell’s cultural and societal life, and whose investiture included an all-over and permanent depilatory bath. For a variety of reasons, he had foresworn ministering to his people’s souls in favor of serving their palates and gullets; and in order to stave off the inevitable questions provoked by his complete and utter hairlessness, the self-defrocked holyman had commissioned a pair of grey mouse-fur eyebrows from a discreet maker in a small village near cosmopolitan Soharis.
But Deepford is dayrides away, and the maker will need at least a week to fashion a new pair, the cook thought in alarm. And I require them by tomorrow morning, if not sooner. Who could have done such a thing?
He closed his eyes and ticked off a mental list of possible perpetrators. Tangeo Adris? Georig the Soupster? Veniia Harklon? That upstart from the Blue Boar? No, no, no and no ... wait a moment. What about Filio Tharl, Heir Second Vajang’s house cook? He was a long-ago rival turned warm acquaintance, but this event is in his own kitchen. He’s a hard worker, and is no doubt happy to have the night off; happier indeed to be rid of any competent and dislodging competition. Yes. He must have stolen my brows. I suppose I shall just have to steal them back. He knelt on his ornate braided rug.
“O Galien the All-Mother; Maklun, Dealer of Equitable and Long-Armed Justice; and Takavi, God of Furtive Scuffling: hear my plea and grant my boon,” Prosatio Silban prayed. “You have well-favored me in the past, and I am grateful unto death for Your attentions. I beg that you favor me again and let me find that which helps me to do Your works in Your world in Your way. Please: Help me to discover whoever purloined my rightful property; not so that I can punish them, for I leave that up to You, but that I may find it again and carry out the happy and useful tasks You set before me. I shall make known Your kindnesses wherever and whenever I tell this tale of your great magnanimity. This I affirm.”
He waited, but nothing – neither mental image nor name – came to his mind as he had hoped. Sometimes, the answer to a prayer is ‘no,’ he thought, grimacing as he rose to his feet. I dare not show my naked face in the market – and unfortunately, this is not the season for masquerades.
Not knowing what else to do, he decided to brew a hot cup of yava. The energizing and clarifying beverage often helped him think, and this was a situation calling for helpful thought. As a pot of water came to the boil on his fatberry-oil stove, he reflected on Filio Tharl. If only I had time to walk Pormaris’ bustling streets in search of his home. We last parted on good terms, but there is something so ... unpredictable about the man, that I am not sure I altogether trust him.
The smell of bitter mint filled the galleywagon as Prosatio Silban decanted the aromatic drink into a ceramic cup and added cream and a generous measure of purple bees’-honey. As he inhaled the steam, he noticed that its rising wisps bent toward the galleywagon’s door. Intrigued, he opened it wide; the steam thickened as it led outside, down the galleywagon steps, and into one of the market’s makeshift lanes.
There is more to this than my eyes can see, the cook thought. He closed the door behind him and followed the vaporous trail.
Soon, the marketplace was far behind, and he passed into one of the city’s better residential districts, consisting in the main of splendid single-family affairs. Amidst the opulent rainbow of elegant dwellings, one stood out for its understated outer décor. Prosatio Silban’s heartbeat quickened as he noted the streetside name-plaque: Filio Tharl: Chief Cook to the Household of Vajang. He turned to start up the front walk, but the fragrant steam led past Filio Tharl’s residence and down the street. Mystified, he continued to follow its lead.
After a time, he came to rows of two- and three-story brick tenements, less grand than Filio Tharl’s but still stylish. The cook gaped as the beguiling steam vanished in front of one house with a yellow wooden door and no name-plaque. Who could this be? he wondered.
As if in answer, the door opened, and a pallid, well-dressed man in his mid-twenties smirked at him from within the vacant doorway.
“So, cook,” the man purred. “You found me.”
“The ‘Revealer of Secrets,’” Prosatio Silban murmured. “I ought to have guessed by the threat you left in my galleywagon after robbing me.”
“Tut-tut,” the man said. “I robbed you of nothing but your tangible reputation. As for your intangible reputation, that will be robbed tomorrow night – unless you leave Pormaris for all time, and that promptly. This city cannot contain both of us.”
“I suppose this is your revenge for my having bested you when last we met?”
“You call it ‘revenge.’ I call it ‘business.’”
“No matter what you call it, you are continuing to profit from off the discomfiture of others.”
“Those ‘others’ ought not to have done anything discomfiting in the first place. I am but the Flickering Gods’ way of bringing that point to my clients’ attention.”
“’Clients?’ You mean ‘prey.’”
The Revealer of Secrets spread his palms and grinned. “All life feeds off other life.”
“Bosh. Someday, you will regret having chosen your particular method of feeding – if not at my hands, then at another’s. I only hope to witness that day.”
“Well. If it happens here in Pormaris, which I very much doubt, you won’t see it at all.”

* * * 

“Pelvhi, I need an enchanter.”
Prosatio Silban was at the bar of his favorite Pormaris haunt, Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, where the City of Gourmands’ professional hospitality workers met after- (and sometimes before-) hours for excellent food, tall ale-mugs and understanding ears. These culinary commiserations were presided over by Pelvhi, a short and wiry former cook who had worked her way up through the sculleries of the wealthy and infamous to her current secret fame. She had known the Cook For Any Price for longer than either would admit, and he often sought her advice and comfort when the occasion warranted.
“’An enchanter,’” Pelvhi repeated. “For what purpose?”
With broad strokes, the cook painted a verbal picture of his current situation. “I am usually adept at finding creative solutions for self-created problems,” he finished. “But this seems to be beyond my own renowned resourcefulness.”
“I do not blame you – either for your predicament, which is no one’s fault or business, or for your mental dead-end,” she said. “But the few enchanters I know, though capable, do not wish to be known. Their vocation is frowned upon within the Commonwell, and contacting them requires the greatest delicacy and discretion. For that reason, I cannot disclose to you their identities or whereabouts. All that said, I would be happy to play the liaison for you. What have you in mind?”
Prosatio Silban creased his brow. “Several potential resolutions have presented themselves to me, from outright riddance to subtle intervention. But I do not quite know what is within your acquaintances’ scope of either practice or ethics.”
Pelvhi considered for a moment, then smiled. “It will be done,” she said, patting his arm. “Continue your normal activities – and anticipate the unanticipatable.”

* * * 

It had been a trying day-and-a-half for Prosatio Silban, to say the least. He had worn a low-brimmed porter’s cap and a pair of oversized smoked lenses while he did the Heir Second’s market-going and detail-arranging, and so far had not met with any compromising or unanticipated circumstances. He did not like feeling that all eyes – or at least one particular pair – were scrutinizing him as he went about his business, and fabricated the excuse of a plaguing head-ache to explain away his disguise. So far this had met with empathetic murmurs and whispered good wishes, but he could not escape a gnawing guilt at having to uphold the pretense. Still, I suppose it is for a good cause, he thought, self-preservation being the most compelling cause of all.
He entered the Heir Second’s kitchen at noon to commence his tasks, after first paying respects to his employer. “Surely you should retire to your bed, Master Cook,” m’Lord Vajang said in a kind voice. “I appreciate your devotion to duty, but if you are that impaired ...”
“I am grateful for your gracious sensitivity, m’Lord,” the cook stage-whispered. “But in truth, I can either lie abed knowing I let down a client, or be here pleasing one. I choose the latter.”
“Truly, you are the Cook for Any Price,” the noble marveled. “Pray proceed at your discretion.”
And so it went in the bustling kitchen, hour by slow-passing hour, until the moment came for Prosatio Silban to introduce the result of his happy toil to an appreciative crowd in his host’s well-appointed and lavish dining room. A pleasant amalgam of sweet and savory aromas wafted from the kitchen, and various of the Heir Second’s thankful charges in various modes of dress – ranging from silks to patched rags – stood, sat or lounged at a number of cloth-colored tables. All wore expressions of polite expectancy.
“Everyone, this is the architect of tonight’s banquet. He has braved personal discomfort to bring us a Dependents’ Feast to be remembered,” enthused m’Lord Vajang. “May I introduce to you all – Master Cook Prosatio Silban!”
The object of their adulation bowed and smiled, receiving their compliments with self-effacing poise. But before he could detail the evening’s gastronomic accomplishment, the cook caught sight of a pair of lifeless eyes lurking in the back of the room.
By the sustaining teats of the All-Mother! he thought. Alas! has the hoped-for enchantment failed?
Prosatio Silban’s nemesis wormed his way through the beaming crowd until he stood next to the Heir Second. The Revealer of Secrets stretched out one hand, in which lay Prosatio Silban’s eyebrows, and raised the other one for silence. He cleared his throat.
“M’Lord, m’Lady, and other guests of our most esteemed host,” he began. “I have something to tell you about this so-called ‘cook.’”
“Is it about his talent?” asked a tall and elderly woman draped in black velvet.
“His devotion to his clients?” asked a man in dark green hunter’s garb.
“His matchless humility?” asked m’Lady Vajang Usta.
“None of these,” the sallow extortionist said with a calculating leer. “For he is not as he seems. I am here to tell you ... to tell you ... ah, to tell you.” Bewilderment clouded his face. “What was I going to tell you? And ... wait. Where am I?”
“Who are you?” asked m’Lord Vajang.
The Revealer of Secrets dropped the cook’s disguise and gazed at his pointed leather shoes. “I ... I am ... I ... I do not remember,” he mumbled.
“Then you do not belong here,” the noble said, and gestured.
Two muscular house-guards escorted out the one-time blackmailer, and Prosatio Silban felt a brief stab of regret mingled with relief as he pocketed the abandoned eyebrows. Was it necessary to rob him of his memory? he thought. Ah, well. At least he cannot now harm anyone else. It’s the old case of ‘the biter bit’ – only harder.



Anxious Drummer
In which Our Hero attempts to calm a nervous noncombatant.


NOT FOR NOTHING HAD PROSATIO Silban parked his galleywagon outside cosmopolitan Soharis’ military barracks. Soldiers are a hungry lot, and will use any excuse to spend their extra pay on the sort of food unobtainable in their daily mess.
His location was perfect – not so far from the many-harbored city’s busy fish market as to discourage the attentions of peckish shoppers, not so close to the barracks as to be thought a security risk. The cook, trained by years of serving a varied public in varied places, was quick to spot anything out of the ordinary. Such a one was the rather diminutive and leather-armored warrior who approached, took a tentative seat at one of the tables-and-chairs, and squinted at the painted menu board.
“With what may I please you?” Prosatio Silban asked.
The soldier thought for a long moment, then replied in a quavering voice, “What have you for cowardice?”
“Strong drink,” replied the cook, “but I am not licensed to sell it.”
“I have tried that, and to no avail,” said the other. “It is the curse of my professional assignment.”
“What are your duties, that they so reduce your bravery?”
“I am a drummer. And the primary rule of war is, ‘First, shoot the drummer.’”
“Why is that?”
“Because the drummer is the one who rouses others to battle. Without its martial music, an army has no immediate motivation beyond self-survival. They are well-armed, but lack a certain rhythmic resolve.”
“A sound tactical strategy,” said Prosatio Silban. “I can certainly understand your trepidation. Do not your compatriots rise to your defense?”
“There is no defense against crossbow bolts sent by an expert hand. My armor is light, and my fellow warriors are of course more concentrated on attack.”
Prosatio Silban creased his brow. As a self-defrocked Sacreant, he was not unused to serving people’s souls – and this was obviously a soul in need of service. But his years as a mercenary cook had taught him to wield a light hand when it came to seasoning a complex dish, and the soldier’s problem was complex enough. He asked, “How did you arrive at such an unenviable station, and one involving such danger?”
“It was my foolish choice,” replied the soldier. “I wanted to see the world outside the confines of my home village. But I was not fearless enough to be a combatant. I am also a natural musician, and the military offered what seemed to me the perfect compromise. Only afterward did I discover the assignment’s hazards, and by then it was too late to transfer positions without being branded a coward.”
“There is a difference between cowardice and fear,” said the cook. “The latter is one’s natural reaction to danger; the former, an involuntary fixation on and submission to that reaction. Yet you do not seem to me to be submitting. How have you managed to stay alive for this long?”
The soldier reflected for some heartbeats. “I am not sure. Perhaps the Flickering Gods are sparing me for another, yet unglimpsed, fate.”
“That has been known to happen,” said the cook. “Tell me – do you pray?”
“With all my heart and soul, and to every god I can think of, from Aarein, Goddess of Humble Propriety to Zzyzzyvor, Bringer of Restful Relief,” said the drummer. “But so far, my heart remains that of a craven.”
“Perhaps you are addressing the wrong circumstance,” the cook said. “It seems to me that while you are fervently praying for courage, you are overlooking the sheer and mere fact of your continued survival.”
The soldier gaped at Prosatio Silban with a look of incredulous understanding. “By Thykol of the Unlooked-For Grace, man! Why didn’t I think of that?”
“It is not easy to concentrate on life when one is obsessed with confronting death,” the cook said. “Now – with what may I please you?”



What Dreams
In which Our Hero learns a savory mystery.


COOKING IS MORE THAN MERE preparation: it is also a celebration of source, and hence a manifestation of living history.
“Where did you find this recipe?” m’Lady Phytan Gorrista asked between well-laden forksful. “I have never tasted its like.”
Prosatio Silban bowed. “That is always gratifying to hear, m’Lady. Of course, there is a story attached to its discovery. I was traveling in the uninhabited hills far to the northwest of epicurean Pormaris ...”

* * * 

The first thing Prosatio Silban noticed was that the sun had been replaced by a golden ribbon flickering up and down the sky.
He rose, trembling. The day had been bright and blue a moment ago, when the grass-scented warmth, drowse of distant bees, and gentle swaying of his galleywagon along the undulating ridgetop road proved too much for his heavying eyelids. His vehicle had come abreast of a great limestone head, androgynous and hairless and solemnly gazing southeastward. Such things were not uncommon along the ancient and still-uncivilized borders of the Uulian Commonwell; the cook yawned, stretched, and reined in his buopoth. The quaint lumbering dray-beast seemed as grateful for the unanticipated rest as did his human friend, who stepped down from the driver’s bench to sit back against the sculpture’s cool base. He idly fingered the wrinkled brown mushrooms beneath its chin, crushing one in his hand and reveling in its earthy aroma.
But now, the overhead vault had become a scintillating grey. The two familiar moons could not be seen; the third, a scarlet spark hanging low in its usual southwest location, was his sole fixed referent. A narrow river wound through the wide valley far below, bordered by small clusters of what appeared to be houses and fields. These grew like hasty fungi, some winking out of a sudden, then growing back bit by bit among the slow-budding baobabs.
By the stark fist of the All-Limiter! he thought. Had his lunch of a cold beef-and-fig pasty gone off without his realizing it? I must be hallucinating, or whatever one does if possessed by mild food-poisoning.
“Hello there, small one,” boomed a resonant bass voice behind him. The cook craned around and gasped; the great stone head was regarding him with milky glowing eyes.
“I am Riallen Otor,” it said. “To whom have I the pleasure of speaking?”
“Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price.”
“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Master Cook. Forgive me for disappointing you, but I am not hungry for anything other than conversation.”
“No disappointment at all. I doubt I would have enough provender to satisfy you, or even to whet your appetite.”
Riallen Otor laughed, the sound reverberating in the cook’s chest.
“As you seem to be a fixed native to these parts,” Prosatio Silban asked, “perhaps you can answer a question that is bothering me.”
“Perhaps. Ask.”
“What happened, or is happening, to the sky?”
The head rolled its lambent eyes upward, then creased its stony brow. “I am not certain what you mean.”
“Put another way: Why is there a glowing stripe where the sun should be?”
“Ah. You are witnessing, I surmise, the effects of living in my time scale.”
Prosatio Silban started. “Your time scale?”
“Yes. To me, a minute lasts one of your lifetimes, and one hour spans almost half a thousand years. The settlements below us – populated by quick, little things like yourself – are built, destroyed by fire or flood or war, and built anew. Our celestial candle treads the heavens with such swiftness that it is visible as a radiant line.”
The cook’s mouth dropped open, then closed. How can this be? he thought. How can one exist this way?
“There are many advantages to this sort of living,” said Riallen Otor. “It gives one a philosophical perspective; it is difficult to become attached to what lasts but a second. Also, it is nice to have the long view – watching the baobabs advance (and sometimes retreat) can be a wonderful side-benefit.”
Prosatio Silban frowned. “How do I know I’m not dreaming all this?”
“You do not. I know, however, that I am not dreaming.”
“How so?”
“When I dream, I dream of flying. I suppose it is because life as a great stone head can be so ... geographically limiting. Do you understand?”
“I believe I do. Do you ever hunger?”
“Only for colloquy. When I pass the time alone, it is often by composing free-verse inspired by those who too-seldom stop to speak with me. You were thinking about mushrooms just now, for example. Shall I sing you a recipe?”
“I would be honored.”
Riallen Otor made throat-clearing sounds, took a deep breath, and commenced:

“Take you stock
To which partridge and pale roots
Have given all their essence. 
Add, quartered, half the stock-quantity
Of meaty mushrooms, their soil-source detached.
Marry all over slow heat, with skillful eye and nose
To the best that plump garlic can offer.
One flower of gold
Adorns the serving-bowl
And gives rise
To small sighs
Of delight.

“Will you remember this, Master Cook?”
“How could I not?” said Prosatio Silban. “It is as elegant as it is unforgettable.”
“Excellent. And the mushrooms under my chin should prove quite luscious. Now, if you will excuse me ...” The great stone head puffed out its cheeks and rose through the air into a cloud – a towering cloud, boiling overhead – and Prosatio Silban realized he was awake.
He regarded the great stone head with confusion. Had it moved since before he slept? Or was that a mere trick of the light, a shadow of the gathering storm? He could not tell; he wondered about it as he gathered the large and handsome mushrooms sprinkled at the enigmatic statue’s base, to stash inside his galleywagon’s pantry. These will be useful someday, he thought. However, it will have to be the right someday.

* * * 

“And so they were, and so it is,” Prosatio Silban said, finishing his tale. “You have been eating of them tonight.”
“You jest,” scoffed m’Lady Phytan Gorrista. “I know the ageless landmark of which you speak; I have ridden a zebra up there many times to forage and take a quiet afternoon nap. The great stone head never spoke with me.”
“Ah, but m’Lady,” the cook said with a secretive smile. “You have to gather the right mushrooms.”



Professional Contretemps
In which Our Hero has a bit of a vocational tiff.


EVERY COLLEGIAL ASSOCIATION HAS ITS advantages and disadvantages: protective fellowship on one hand, and tedious bureaucracy on another. And as a more-or-less “free spirit,” Prosatio Silban sometimes found it a difficult balance.
The Cook For Any Price was also a Freehander – a member of the Uulian Commonwell’s fluid middle class, or those who profit by their own labor. He was happy and content to be so, as the professional and social status provided him with both standing and autonomy. Thus, he was surprised (and a bit taken aback) by a gnarled Refectionists’ Guild auditor late one busy afternoon in the village of Tollingdrum.
Although his visitor wore the same traditional green apron as Prosatio Silban – a symbol of the Commonwell’s cooking sector – the cook did not know the man’s identity until after offering his signature greeting, “With what may I please you?”
“You may please me by closing operations,” the Guild representative announced in an authoritative baritone. “At once.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“You heard me aright. Here is my credential,” the man said, brandishing his organization’s stylized gold paring-knife medallion. “Dare you defy the Guild?”
“Not at all,” Prosatio Silban replied. He turned to the three curious customers sitting at his two tables-and-chairs, half-eaten meals before them. “My profuse and sincere apologies,” he said. “This matter will be rectified soon. Thank you for your patronage.”
As the trio left, muttering and whispering, the cook turned a severe face to the Guildsman. “What is all this about?” he demanded.
“It is about you, and your flouting of our Guild’s standards. Our records show you to be in debt to us for the monthly dues of five in silver, calculated for the past six months, or a total of thirty in silver or one-and-one-half in gold. Payable on demand. Which this is.”
“Your records must be mistaken. I am paid up through this month, and my dues have always been half what you claim.”
“They were. You are the only ‘floating’ cook in the Guild, or even the Commonwell. Everyone else has steady, fixed work. And for that distinction, special rules apply.”
“What ‘rules?’” Prosatio Silban asked.
“We cannot keep accurate track of your movements; you are here one day and somewhere else the next. Such slipperiness offends the Guild’s desire for order. Hence the double dues.”
“This is absurd! In any case, you seemed to have no trouble finding me.”
“Still. Privileges come with a cost.”
“What ‘privileges?’”
“Unlimited access to the Archive of Gastronomic Artifice, for one. Insurance against lax employment for two. And for three, representation on the Commonwell Council.”
“What if I refuse to pay this extortive sum?”
“Then we will forbid your Commonwell clients – and potential clients – from hiring you. You are still free to earn a living. But not in these lands.”
“You can’t!” Prosatio Silban cried. “By whose authority?’”
“The new Ranking Culinarian. He wishes to see you. In his chambers. In the island-city of epicurean Pormaris. At once. If you leave now, your galleywagon should arrive thither in four days. Do not fail to show yourself.”

* * * 

Prosatio Silban’s thoughts churned as he was conducted into the Guildmaster’s chamber: Why am I being singled out? And who is this new ‘Ranking Culinarian?’ The room’s burnt-orange walls were hung with aprons, skillets, chop-knives, and other gear from each of the storied few who had held that esteemed position. The man himself was seated behind a great butcher-block converted into a paper- and wax tablet-piled desk, and he arose to greet his visitor.
The cook’s jaw dropped. “Bulero Eol,” he whispered.
“How good of you to remember me,” Bulero Eol said with a knowing smirk. “I certainly remember you. But I am ‘Sir’ Bulero now. How long has it been?”
“Years. In truth, decades.”
“Well. Here we are again.”
Prosatio Silban’s mind spun him back down the years, to the last time he saw his informal adversary ...

* * *

“How do you do that?” Bulero Eol asked with his usual screw-faced exasperation. He and Prosatio Silban were stationed at adjacent preparation-counters in one of the learning halls at Pormaris’ venerated College of Culinary Craftship.
“Do what?”
“I work with care to arrange my ingredients just so, that I may cook with greater efficiency. You seem to grab them willy-nilly without any thought at all.”
“To tell you the truth, I hadn’t noticed,” Prosatio Silban said. “Now that you mention it, I suppose I like to challenge myself, so I keep ingredients and flavorings grouped by similarity: sweet with sweet, savory with savory, and so forth. It surprises and delights me to see how the different combinations present themselves.”
Bulero Eol pressed on, scowling. “Another thing I don’t understand about you,” he said. “After graduation, you are planning to wander from place to place in a galleywagon, taking whatever jobs ‘present themselves.’ How do you expect to make a living? And don’t you think you’re making a laughingstock of all of us diligent cooks laboring in restaurants, inns, and noble- and gentry-houses?”
“Not at all. My sponsoring mentor taught me that it takes a special skill to serve only one client – and that is a skill I lack. Discipline is my ally, not my lord. The Commonwell and surrounding Exilic Lands are vast. I would like to have an excuse to explore them; and after all, food should bring joy, not drudgery. However, no matter where my travels lead, I would not presume to intrude on another’s territory ...”

* * * 

Bulero Eol fixed Prosatio Silban with a triumphant glare. “But you have intruded,” he said. “On me. With your structureless, random ways. And I am now in a position to stop you. For years, I have been biding my time, saying and doing the correct things to and for the correct people, until I reached the apex of my profession. You have annoyed me for years. And now, I will have my requital.”
The mercenary cook eyed him though slitted lids. “You have allowed yourself to become old and embittered,” he said, “and that will affect your leadership of this honorable institution. If this is your attitude toward our virtuous craft, I want no part of it. You wish to drive me out? Well then. I hereby resign my Guild membership. Perhaps the peoples of the Exilic Lands will have work for me. I will not give you another half-copper.” With that, he stalked out.

* * * 

It was said of Pelvhi’s Chopping-House, the (in)famous haunt of the City of Gourmands’ professional-hospitality crowd, that one was not a true and accepted hired-cook unless he or she had set at least one foot inside. The capacious and spicy-smoke-filled tavern was known for its well-prepared food, deep mugs, and sympathetic ears aplenty. Its eponym was a wily and wiry woman who had known Prosatio Silban since he first began his career more than a quarter-century ago, and she smiled a welcome as the cook-errant approached the crowded bar.
“What say, Pelvhi?” he shouted above the intoxicant-lubricated din.
“I say many things,” she replied. “And sometimes, they are the right things.”
“I could use a ‘right thing’ now. You would not believe what brings me today to your fair establishment.”
“Your Guild fees have gone up. And you have resigned.”
Prosatio Silban started. “How do you know that?”
“People talk. And sometimes, they talk to me.”
“What shall I do? Bulero Eol is a majestic pain in my belly, and he is dunning me over for the petty quarrels we had years ago. Now that he heads the Guild, he feels he can do what he wants. So I said good-bye to the Guild, and to my hard-won Commonwell-based career.”
“He is not the first authoritarian to attempt such pettiness. Power is not what the wrong people should have.”
“But more ale is,” rumbled a gruff bass from behind Prosatio Silban. Strong hands clasped his shoulders, and the cook turned. A familiar figure, clad in the three-toned livery of one of the local gentry, was smiling at him.
“Haven’t you had enough, Crasso?” the cook asked with a wry grin.
“Not as much as you would think,” Crasso replied. “To your point, though: nobody likes that neck-breathing prickle.”
“In many ways,” Pelvhi added, “you are his antithesis. With the ferries docked, it is too late to leave Pormaris now. At what hour tomorrow will you depart?”
“Height-of-the-sun. It will take at least that long to collect the foundational necessaries for my coldbox and pantry.”
“Too early for me,” Crasso said. “A decent cook would still be abed then.”
“By Scofi and the All-Mother,” Prosatio Silban said with a grimace, “I wish I could lie abed then also.”

* * * 

The first hour past sunrise found the cook-errant sitting in his galleywagon, gazing into a mug of hot yava. The energizing beverage usually refreshed him, but today was not a usual day.
Please, All-Mother, he prayed. You have done nothing but favor me for as long as I can remember, and I have always been more than grateful. Grant me the strength I need to endure the trial You have placed before me. Because I cannot do it alone This I –
A firm double knock interrupted his supplication. Prosatio Silban stood and opened the galleywagon door’s top half to a florid, breathless youth in the rough garb of a marketplace porter. “Yes?”
“Sir Bulero wishes to see you, Master Cook. Immediately.”
He always wishes to see me ‘immediately,’ Prosatio Silban thought. He thanked the messenger, tipped him two in copper, drained his yava-cup, and opened the door’s bottom half.
The Ranking Culinarian’s chamber was located atop the three-story Archive of Gastronomic Artifice in central Pormaris, and as Prosatio Silban climbed the wide marble steps his stomach began to ache. All-Mother? Are you listening?
He was half a flight from his destination when he heard a low, irregular din. Angry bees might make such a sound, but the closest hives were on the flat roof – and their residents were never perturbed. Still, he thought, bees can travel, and ... hello. What’s this?
A large crowd was blocking the hallway outside the guildmaster’s chamber. Many were clad in colorful house-livery; others, in the sharp fashions of urban Uulian style. Each wore a green apron and an irate expression. A few held placards: SAVE MASTER PROSATIO; DOWN WITH BULERO; ONE RULE FOR ALL. Seeing Prosatio Silban, they burst into spontaneous applause.
“What are you all doing here?” he asked in wonder.
By way of reply, they began chanting his name: “Prosatio Silban! Prosatio Silban! Prosatio Silban!”
He raised placating hands, but they continued shouting. Suddenly, the chamber door flew open, revealing the rageful Ranking Culinarian.
The crowd changed its chant: “Reinstate him! Reinstate him! Reinstate him!”
This time, it was Bulero Eol who raised his hands, and by degrees the assembly fell silent. “What are you all doing here?” he asked.
Crasso shouldered his way to the front. “Either restore our valued brother in good standing, or we will, all of us, resign from the Guild,” he said. “Your coin-stream will dry up, and you will no longer have anyone to represent – or lord over.”
The color which Bulero Eol’s face turned could do justice to a beet. “You can’t do that!” he cried. “Order must be maintained!”
“No,” said Pelvhi. “Service must be maintained. The people’s satisfaction must be maintained. And these cooks can do both without you. Your tenure is over.”
“But ... but ...” sputtered the ex-Guildmaster. “You can’t get rid of me! I’m too important!”
“No,” declared a tall woman toward the crowd’s rear. “You’re not.”
With that, Crasso and two of his brawnier associates seized Bulero Eol and wrestled him to the hallway floor. Things would have gone worse, had not Prosatio Silban spoken up.
“Wait, brothers and sisters!” he shouted above the raucous ruckus. “Please! There is a point to be made!”
The noise abated. “What point?” asked a short man wearing grey and tan.
“Our Refectionists’ Guild fees go toward supporting each other in lean times, and maintaining the Archive – without which store of culinary history we would all be less creative and able than we are,” Prosatio Silban said. “They also give us an important political voice in Commonwell governance. We do not need Bulero Eol for that, but we do need the Guild. And we need someone to administer it. Someone well-connected, well-liked, and well-intentioned. I nominate ... Crasso!”
There came a loud chorus of agreements. “Yes! Yes!” “Crasso!” “A perfect choice!” “I second that!”
“But I hate scroll-work,” the nominee objected.
“That is why you have assistants,” the mercenary cook told him. “And for that, you could have Bulero Eol. He is nitpickery personified, which is a fine quality in a lieutenant. And with you to keep an eye or two on him, he should prove rather harmless. What say, Crasso?”
There was a pause, during which Bulero Eol looked from face to face. Then Crasso spoke with deliberation.
“Coins in our coffer,” he said, nodding, “are better than blood on my hands.”



Agreeable Disagreement
In which Our Hero is called to referee an ecumenical argument.


SOMETIMES, AND WITHOUT MEANING TO, religious faith can blur the lines between divine desire and human humbuggery. By which is meant, O Patient Diner, that while the Flickering Gods always have a clear idea as to what They want, Their followers can (and often do) convince themselves that their gods want what they want.
Case in point: the village of Everfaire, situated on the dividing-line between lands administered by the city-state of Pormaris and those of south-neighboring Soharis. As is the case with border-towns, and especially their attendant free-trade zones – and, most especially, those connecting the tripartite territories of the Uulian Commonwell – a diverse and shifting population is guaranteed: nobles, merchants, farmers, crafters, tradesfolk, all eager to sell or buy or work. Add the occasional interested outlander, and/or those who enjoy a change of cultural scenery, and it makes for quite the eclectic blend.
In general, everyone got along. But as Prosatio Silban learned, matters could become a bit complicated.
The cook’s galleywagon had just pulled into the village and, as his coin-jar was almost empty, he was looking forward to engaging someone with a commercial interest in his services. He nodded at the thronged marketplace and its motley populace, but instead of stopping there, he guided his dray-beast toward the local inn. A nice glass of white duliac will slake my road-dusty thirst, he thought, hopping down from the driver’s bench to first feed his dray-beast a greasy and well-deserved fatberry-cake. With that vital deed done, the cook stepped up to the inn’s wide front patio. And who knows? Fortune may be lurking within.
Inside, over the genial conversation and occasional laughter, came the sound of angry and impassioned shouting. Its source was a trio of disputants at the large central table – that table which, judging by the small and well-used bronze altar thereon, was reserved for enacting divinely sanctioned and hence ironclad contracts. By their bearing and dress, the three belonged to the land-owning Uulian nobility. All were clad in fashionable kneebreeches, long tunics and longer bejeweled vests; garments which differed only in their color-schemes: one wore the warm tones of decadent Pormaris; another, the cool hues of cosmopolitan Soharis; and the third, the dark shades of distant and stony-hearted Tirinbar.
“It will not work!” the Tirinbar noble roared. “I will not be a party to religious rebellion and unorthodoxy!”
“I am not saying we must offer to one of the Six-Hundred-and-Three,” said he from Soharis. “I am willing to acquiesce on this point, and not insist on including in our mutual ritual Atalhea, Guarantress of Satisfying Conclusions. But why can we not offer to another of the Ten? To Hopmon of the Ever Heavy Purse, say; or Maklun, Decider of Cases; or perhaps even Porthunis, Overseer of the Still and the Roiling?”
“Yes, why not?” echoed his Pormaris companion. “The Waterlord is, after all, the most relevant.”
“Because it would be heresy, that’s why,” countered the Tirinbar noble. “There are but two Flickering Gods. The other Eight – and most of all, Their bastard and myriad spawn – are but children. We of Tirinbar do not offer to children.”
“Good m’Lords,” Prosatio Silban said in as affable a manner as possible. “I have just arrived, and do not pretend to be familiar with your dispute. But might a neutral ear offer clarification and resolution? What seems to be the nature of your difficulty?”
“Who are you?” the Tirinbar noble retorted.
“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. The tending of hot skillets has prepared me for knowing when and where to apply heat – and when and where to remove it.”
The Pormaris and Soharis representatives nodded with crisp formality, and introduced themselves respectively as the Heirs Second (m’Lords) Phytan and Sorvast. However, m’Lord Tarsrian, the Tirinbar aristocrat, was unfazed. “And what do you know of the divine act of treaty-making?” he scoffed with a peremptory sniff.
“More than you may think,” the cook said. “Serving a diverse clientele as I do, I am familiar with table-altars – and Who may be supplicated thereon. You of grim-shadowed Tirinbar hold to but the two seminal Flickering Gods: Galien, the All-Mother, and Angrim, the All-Limiter. As our beloved and holy Uulian Codex states, ‘Everything extant / Is but a dance / Between Life and Time.’
“Those of epicurean Pormaris are more eclectic. Although giving occasional lip service to all six-hundred-thirteen of our gods, they only offer on their altars to the Lady of Life, Lord of Time, and the Eight Subsequents. The residents of many-harbored Soharis are the Commonwell’s most theologically accommodating, perhaps due to their mercantile contacts with various Rimless Sea nations. Their city’s High Sacreants have ruled that all of the Lambent Ones may be devotional beneficiaries of treaty-seeking Uulians.
“So here you are at an impasse,” Prosatio Silban concluded. “In order to seal this accord, you must all share a meal and each offer a portion of it on the altar to the most relevant god. Without knowing the particulars of your case, I cannot judge the seriousness of your disagreement. But do I have the gist?”
“You do,” said m’Lord Phytan.
“Indeed,” said m’Lord Sorvast.
“In essence, yes,” said m’Lord Tarsrian, somewhat mollified. “It is a trade-contract we seek to seal. But you do not need to know the particulars, Master Cook, to tell us how you would proceed.”
Prosatio Silban nodded. “I do not wish to intrude on the privacy of three Heirs Second,” he said. “But to answer your question, I can only proceed by a knowledge of at least some of the particulars. What may seem obvious to one in the midst of struggle may not be so to a disinterested observer. Is it possible to discuss this matter’s details without compromising your necessary confidentiality?”
The three exchanged glances, and Sorvast spoke first. “We each raise revenue for our respective cities by charging a tariff on trade conducted along the River Reaching, which connects all three realms and their bodies of water: Soharis on the Rimless Sea; Pormaris, an island surrounded by the ever-churning Teardrop Lake; and Tirinbar abuts the great and cold Inland Deep.”
“As the central of the Three Cities and their territories, Pormaris has secured the greatest economic advantage,” Phytan continued. “But our wealth has come at great cost to the communal goodwill upon which the Three Cities were founded. We would like to change that by offering our sister-nations free trade for any river-borne traffic. And we would also like to settle this agreement here in Everfaire, in this inn where so many important arrangements have been struck throughout our shared history.”
“However, we have hit upon a snag,” said Tarsrian. “We cannot agree upon the divine being or beings Who will witness our soon-to-be-celebrated treaty and confirm it into Uulian law. I will not swear by the name of any gods but Galien and Angrim, while my counterparts would like to be more ... specific. So. What is your solution, Master Cook?”
Prosatio Silban creased his brow for a series of heartbeats, regarding each Heir Second in turn, then took a breath and chose his words with care.
“After considering your divine claimants with judgment and tact,” he said, “my conclusion is this: The gentleman from Tirinbar has the most correct claim ...”
“Aha! you see?” gloated Tarsrian.
“... but so do the others,” the cook finished.
“What?! Why?”
“Yes, why?” chorused Phytan and Sorvast.
“It comes down to a question of applied theology,” Prosatio Silban said. “According to the Uulian Codex, what matters is the gods’ interaction, not Their divine selves: Their ‘dance,’ as the Codex puts it, from which springs everything known. Whichever god you pledge by – Galien the All-Merciful, generous Hopmon, even mighty Porthunis or late-come Atalhea – is an aspect of and mask for Their dance. In other words, the gods are verbs, not nouns. So choose whatever god fits your mutual fancy. The compact you seal will be ironclad – so long as it is done with good will and reciprocal respect.”
The three were silent for a moment, then Sorvast spoke up.
“I yield to my brother from Tirinbar,” he said. “My gods are my own – but our treaty must transcend such concerns.”
“I agree,” said Phytan. “Choose for us, my traditionalist sibling. I will not object.”
The Tirinbar noble looked at Prosatio Silban with undisguised awe. “How did you become so wise?” he asked.
The cook bowed. “In my line of work,” he said with a warm smile, “everything comes down to ensuring that if one flavor dominates, the others provide a counterpoint rather than a struggle. Thus let it be with you – and with all of us.”



Three Prayers
In which Our Hero achieves a liturgical understanding.


PROSATIO SILBAN WAS ALONE.
True, he had the company of his faithful dray-beast, Onward. As for others of the cook’s own species, none were nigh for long miles; one reason why his surroundings were known as the Western Wides.
He had chosen the Wides a-purpose. Having spent a busy and profitable fortnight in the lacustrine island-city of epicurean Pormaris, reputed the most decadent of the Uulian Commonwell’s Three Cities, his soul felt bruised and in need of quiet solitude. So, with open eyes and heart, he had set out in his galleywagon on the broad tamped-earth road running due west from Pormaris.
Save for his dray-beast, and the occasional immense baobab and small bluerock outcrop, the cook found himself the tallest feature within eyeshot. The bright morning sun shone on random patches of sweet-smelling incense-grass, and the sporadic birdsong and soft droning of sapphire-bees wove an intoxicating soundscape. Prosatio Silban was two days out from the Reckless Hills (so called because sensible Uulians consider reckless anyone who passes them). With no particular ambition for a Commonwell return, and not knowing what else to do, he offered a humble acknowledgment to the Flickering Gods for having gotten this far.
“O Galien the All-Mother; Nyentei, Goddess of the Sojourners’ Refreshment; and Oliento, Patroness of Modest Pleasures,” he murmured. “Our time here in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds, is both brief and fleeting. Therefore, I thank You for the day and for my being in it. I do not know what I have done to deserve this joy, but I shall try to be worthy. This I affirm.”
It was the Uulian wise-woman Enna T’tomal who taught that prayers fell into three types: Pleas, Thanks, and Astonishments; one could request something, express gratitude for it, or just acknowledge its miraculousness. Prosatio Silban’s most oft-employed prayers were of the first and second category, and even after many years, he wasn’t quite sure yet whether he grasped the third. For that is the nature of awe – its object can seem new and ancient, vast and minuscule, imminent and transcendent, known and mysterious, all at one and the same moment.
Prosatio Silban tugged on the galleywagon’s plaited yak-hair reins; Onward answered with his signature rattling hoot and slowed to a halt. A huge, deep-blue sphere was floating down from the sky, a basket of sorts suspended beneath it, occupied by a single waving figure.
By Ghu the All-Crafter! the cook thought. What within or without the many-fabled Exilic Lands is this?
As the sphere grew nearer, Prosatio Silban saw that its occupant wore the long beard, blue tunic and wide-brimmed straw hat of an Intuid – one of the mystic M’zei sages from the remote territories north of the Commonwell.
“Halloo!” the cook called as the basket touched down on the road not far ahead.
The Intuid lowered his hand. “(‘your’ presence may enlighten our eyes),” he said. The cook bowed, answering in perfectly accented M’zei, “(futures precede us).”
The newcomer raised an eyebrow. “(‘you-now’ know our language)?”
“To be precise, I know your greetings,” the cook replied in warm-toned Uulian. “I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. Long ago, I spent a year in your holy city of M’zir. But I can still understand your speech, if only after a fashion.”
“Then will speak your-plural tongue,” said the Intuid. “Called Avileinu. Over-traveling Exilic Lands – and your-plural Commonwell – to see what may see. Why you-alone far from cities and villages?”
“That would take time to explain,” said the cook. “Perhaps we can pass it in yava-inspired conversation?”
Avileinu nodded and spread his arms wide. “(let us grow happy ‘with’ food),” he said.
Soon, Prosatio Silban had deployed two folding seats from inside his galleywagon and set a yava-pot to bubbling on a portable grill. Before long the immediate area was filled with the bitter-mint smell of the famous M’zei stimulant.
The cook filled Avileinu’s cup before his own, and nodded at the sphere. “What is this ... apparatus? of yours, and how does it work?”
“Not hard,” replied his visitor. “Burn spirits of distilled palm-wine heat air, catches sphere’s open bottom, and lifts.”
“How do you steer it?”
“No steering. Wind. Can go up and/or down with spirit-fire.” He paused, grinning. “Might say: much like life.”
“I had that same thought,” Prosatio Silban said, eyes crinkling. “In fact, I even had that thought as you approached. I was thinking of the so-called Three Prayers.”
“’Three Prayers?’” asked Avileinu, sipping at his cup.
The cook began to relate his understanding of Mistress Enna’s teaching. The Intuid raised an interruptive hand. “Words hide truth,” he said.
“What truth?” asked Prosatio Silban.
Avileinu shook his head. “Not three – one.”
“Not ... what?”
“(‘your’ speech cannot convey meaning of ‘this’ ‘type’),” said the Intuid, slipping back into his own language and shaking his head. “(‘i-now’ must use our speech to explain – though ‘i-now’ speak of non-speech).”
“I am listening,” said the cook, cocking his head.
“(‘the’ ‘three’ prayers ‘you-now’ speak of ‘are’ one experience, without which we-all ‘are’ ‘alone’).”
“I am not certain I follow you.”
“(‘the’ experience ‘is’ neither word ‘nor’ thought. ‘it’ cannot ‘be’ spoken, because to ‘name’ ‘it’ ‘is’ to destroy ‘it’ – and ‘it’ ‘is’ indestructible.)”
“I still do not understand ...”
“Then shall show,” Avileinu said, and gestured. The sun went out.
The sudden darkness gave way to a great golden flame which produced neither sound nor heat. It receded to become the radiant tip of an enormous candle. Three smaller, unlit candles danced and spun around it in a complex pattern. Their dark wicks touched the fire and kindled each separately – without diminishing the original flame.
Oh! thought Prosatio Silban with a sudden grin. Of course. ONE!
The quadruple candlelight faded by degrees to sunlight and the scent of warm incense-grass. Avileinu laughed and clapped the cook on his shoulder. “(‘i-now’ thank ‘you-now’ for ‘the’ yava ‘and’ company, but ‘i-now’ must ‘continue’ ‘my’ ‘journey’),” he said, rising.
Prosatio Silban stood as well. “And I,” he said with a happy sigh, “must return to the Commonwell.”



Keeper of Memories
In which Our Hero serves a worker of minor but mindful miracles.


“I AM THE KEEPER OF Memories,” said the man in the expensive-looking blue robe. “What do you offer?”
“For breakfast, I offer your fulfilled desire,” Prosatio Silban replied with a slight bow. “That is, so long as your fulfillment is limited to what is proclaimed on my menu board. With what may I please you?”
They were standing in the lee of the cook’s galleywagon, now parked at the edge of Riverguard’s crowded marketplace, a half-dayride upriver from many-harbored Soharis. The Keeper was about the same size and build as the beefy cook, though older by at least a generation, and despite the grey in his dark temples and beard his faraway blue eyes held an ageless quality. Beneath the fashionable robe he wore a spotless, belted grey tunic and green kneebreeches, all trimmed in the latest Uulian style. From the bulging leather sack at his side protruded, like fish bones from a frog’s mouth, a handful of tight-rolled scrolls. Pouches (velvet, tachash-hide, and wire mesh) were hung from his broad sealskin baldric, and he leaned on a blackwood cane with carved ivory handle as he studied the day’s listed fare.
“Would you favor me with a suggestion?” he asked Prosatio Silban.
“The poached duck-eggs are very good this morning – I get them fresh from one of the local flocksmaids,” the cook answered. “They marry well with pan-fried oal-sausages and green grits, and by adding a hot cup of yava you will be hard put to find a better start for your day.”
“Let it be so!” enthused the Keeper of Memories, and took his seat at one of the two tables-and-chairs.
Prosatio Silban disappeared into the galleywagon for a few moments, emerging with a bamboo tray laden with the promised refection. He set this before his guest and bowed.
The Keeper of Memories tucked a red linen napkin into his tunic’s open collar and set to work. His “my goodnesses!” and “oh mys!” mingled with the clink of silver on ceramic and the quiet but earnest sound of energetic chewing. At last he set the utensils on his empty plate, dabbed at his pursed lips, and sighed a sigh of utter contentment.
“Thank you, thank you,” he said. “Ah! it has been long since I have had such an excellent breakfast. At least, as I can recall.”
Prosatio Silban raised an inquisitive eyebrow. “”As you can recall?’ Are you not known as the Keeper of Memories?”
“Indeed I am,” the other replied. “But not of my own. Rather, not exclusively my own.”
“I do not think I ...?”
“You see before you a living vault in service to nobility and the high-placed, as well as a figurative bridge for anyone who can afford passage. In fact, although I can more than afford the five in copper you ask for this morning’s excellent repast, I would be more than happy to exchange for the coin a small demonstration of my abilities.”
Prosatio Silban thought for a moment. The morning rush had passed, and he possessed endless curiosity about whatever caught his attention. And after all, a Keeper of Memories did not happen by every morning.
“Done,” he said, taking the seat across from his customer.
“Ah! then let us get down to cases: what have you forgotten of late? Or even longer ago?”
The cook creased his brow, then relaxed into a smile. “My mother used to make the most exquisite sweet-biscuits as a treat for my siblings and me,” he said. “She called them, simply, ‘spice cookies.’ I do not know the recipe she used – I was not cooking-inclined when I left home to ... to seek my fortune. But should I taste one again, I feel certain that, thanks to a now-informed palate, I could replicate it.”
“Taste-remembrance is one of the easier accomplishments in my repertoire,” replied the Keeper of Memories, and placed his hand on the cook’s forehead. “Close your eyes, and evoke the treat with as much detail as you can.”
Prosatio Silban complied. In his mind’s eye he saw a hand-sized confection shaped like of one of the suits of a deck of gambling-cards. It was flat rather than mounded, and a creamy tan shading to well-baked dark brown edges. He sniffed with his inner nose; the cookie smelled somewhat like the spices used to mull wine or cider, but with a subtle difference ...
“Now take a bite, and let the flavor linger on your mind’s tongue.”
The cookie was crisp, and tasted of sweetbark, ginger, nutmeg ... allspice ... not too much sugar. He gasped and opened his eyes.
“I have it!” he said, and produced from his green apron’s chest-pocket the stylus and small wax-tablet he always kept there. He scribbled, nodded, replaced his scribal tools, and smiled.
“That more than pays for your meal,” Prosatio Silban said. “Thank you. May I ask what brings you to Riverguard?”
“To tell you the truth, I am not quite sure,” replied the Keeper of Memories. He riffled through his scroll-pouch, removed one labeled ITINERARY, and proceeded to unroll and study it with great care. “Ah! I seem to have an appointment with the First Heir of Soharis in two days’ time; it must have been the Flickering Gods Who brought me to you. The First Heir A-th is in his fading years. There are memories he would like to pass on to his children, and theirs, while he can still retrieve them in fullness. For that, he needs me – and these.”
The wonderworker hefted the baldric-hung velvet pouch and rolled it between his fingers. “These are seeds which will contain memories,” he explained. “I enable a transfer from my customer’s recollection into the seed. Later, the seed is planted and, given proper conditions, bears fruit. Eating the fruit imparts the memory into the party or parties who consume it.”
“Indeed! Can the fruits be cooked?”
The Keeper of Memories winked one eye. “You are thinking of banquets, I take it?”
Prosatio Silban grinned. “Yes – for anniversaries, birthdays, national holidays and holydays, and other cyclical celebrations.”
“An astute plan. However, I am afraid that they do lose their effect if passed through too many processes.”
“Well. The question needed to be asked. Tell me: are there any hazards associated with your trade?”
“One comes to mind, but it did not directly happen to me. A certain older client who had lived adventures beyond his dreams bade me charge a variety of seeds for his descendants, to be planted as a small orchard at his rural demesne. This was done, and done with propriety, but through a combination of circumstances the trees were mistaken by a new cook for one of the demesne’s kitchen-gardens. She harvested the ripe fruit for a prodigious chopped raw salad, upon the eating of which the family lost their minds.”
“By the gentle mercy of the All-Mother!” exclaimed Prosatio Silban. “What became of the hapless cook?”
“Nothing good,” replied the Keeper of Memories. “Her mind, however, did remain intact. The practice of having ‘the help’ eat alone, while perhaps discriminatory, can also render salutary advantages.”
“Speaking of advantages – or rather, disadvantages – why did you need to consult that itinerary?”
“Because retrieving others’ memories takes an occasional toll on my own. Sometimes I even mistake for my own one or two of those with which I have imbued my clientele. Ah! but every trade has its cost, and it all balances in the end. Besides, certain experiences are better left unremembered.”
He sorted through labeled scrolls – among them PREFERED FOODS, ACCOUNTS, THREE CITIES, THOUSAND VILLAGES, DIVINE ENCOUNTERS – and withdrew one small and edged in gilt. “Here is something that should be kept close to hand,” he said.
“What is it?”
“My Commonwell vendor’s license. It contains my name: Master Valis Pikadi. I employ it when making professional introductions, or paying taxes, or for other needful functions. Wouldn’t do to forget that! And now, I believe the midday Soharis conveyance has arrived. It will not wait for me overlong.”
“It has been a pleasure and a privilege serving you,” said Prosatio Silban, and bowed again. “Who knows whether we shall meet again? but if so, I hope to offer you a warm spice cookie.”
“I should like that,” replied Master Valis. “But if we do not, I shall cherish its memory as if it were my own.”
The cook watched as the Keeper of Memories toddled across the marketplace toward the carriage-stop. It never fails to amaze, he thought, how many different people have crossed my path over the years. He began to clean up the breakfast dishes, then paused in mild alarm. His blackwood cane!
Prosatio Silban grabbed the implement and hurried after his customer. “Master Valis!” he called. “Master Valis! Your cane!”
The Keeper of Memories turned to meet him with a smile. “Thank you, thank you!” he said, extending a grateful hand. “And to whom have I the pleasure ...?”



Perfect Ingredient
In which Our Hero enters into a near-mêlée.


SOMETIMES, THE PERFECT INGREDIENT IS just beyond a cook’s grasp. And when that happens, said cook must either go without – or make good use of both resourcefulness and perseverance.
Prosatio Silban frowned. He had been experimenting with a new recipe for fidget-hen confit, but it hadn’t been going well – and that was a disappointment, since he was developing the recipe for a new client of moneyed and generous repute. What it wants is a bright and briny note, he decided, and considered his jar of preserved lemons.
But where was it?
He could have sworn that the jar was on the bottom shelf of his otherwise well-stocked pantry. Surely he hadn’t made the tyro’s mistake of running out without restocking! It appeared that way as he searched in vain through his galleywagon’s food-closet.
Ochre beans, artichoke essence, prepared mustard, smoked oil, dry mustard, duliac vinegar, marinated sailor-cap mushrooms, tinned mumblefish ... what’s this? Sun-dried tomatoes? Haven’t used these in quite a while, he thought, scrabbling through packages, jars, bags, and bottles. Nothing. And nothing for it but a trip to the victualer’s. Rhobus Pilgor should have what I need.

* * * 

Most days, Prosatio Silban enjoyed a slow browse through the gastronomic diversions offered by epicurean Pormaris’ main marketplace – heaps of spices both dazzling and dusky, long ropes of various meat-sausages, careful piles of fruits and vegetables, and the ceaseless cries of its trumpet-voiced hawkers. On any other day, he would have liked nothing better than to take his time seeking either inspiration or pantry- and coldbox-packing. But today he strode past the thronged shops and stalls with determined purpose.
At last, a painted sign reading RHOBUS PILGOR – SAVORY PRESERVATIONS and CONCENTRATED ESSENCES announced his objective. Glass bottles and ceramic jars of all sizes, shapes, and contents were stacked and shelved with care, displaying each to its best advantage. Prosatio Silban knew exactly what he was looking for and where to find it. He swept down the appropriate aisle and sighted his target far at the back: one jar, alone on a high shelf. He smiled in victory, then exclaimed in defeat as someone else’s hand reached up and grabbed it.
The hand’s owner was an imposing woman with unforgiving eyes, wearing the tricolor livery of Pormaris nobility: gold skirt, red tunic, and long russet vest with an Heir Second’s prominent insignia on the right shoulder. Not a promising candidate for earnest cajolery, he thought as he approached, but anything is worth at least a try.
He cleared his throat. “Excuse me?”
The woman looked at him as though he were a type of beetle. “Yes?”
“I am Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price. And if you don’t mind, I need that jar of lemons.”
“As do I. I am Andwilla Thork, newly installed house-cook to m’Lord Vajang Chorl. And I was here before you.”
“But I saw it first.”
“How do I know what you saw?”
“Mistress,” he said, using the proper honorific, “I do not lie. I sighted the jar first. You were closer than I to take it.”
“To your unremitting misfortune,” she replied. “My master is entertaining guests tonight, and his favorite meal is braised lamb with preserved lemon and olives. What do you need it for?”
“An experimental dish that requires the same ingredient; a dish, if I may say, fit for the table of the Flickering Gods themselves, or at least one of their more prosperous servants. With his potential blessing, I may escape indebtedness for the coming half-year.”
“Well, then. My noble trumps your experiment, no matter how divine. Please allow me to leave.”
“I’ll give you one in silver for it.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“The jar. Its price is ten in copper. I am offering you twice that.”
“My dear man, price is not the issue. I know you by reputation, and understand your difficulty, but m’Lord Vajang rules this city. He outranks you.”
“May I have at least one lemon to satisfy my curiosity?”
“I don’t yet know how many I’ll need.”
“I’ll teach you one of my more obscure recipes.”
“No.”
“Two of them?”
“The matter is closed.”
“Give me that jar!”
“I won’t!”
“Please, friends,” said Rhobus Pilgor, materializing before the bickering pair. He raised placating hands. “I will have no brawling or loud disagreements in my shop. Master Prosatio, if Mistress Andwilla put her hand first upon this item, it is hers by ancient right of custom.”
“Thank you,” said Andwilla Thork with a mirthless smile. “And now, I should like to pay for my acquisition.”
“Very well,” said Prosatio Silban. “But the matter is not closed.”

* * * 

House Vajang was an opulent and pentagonal poured-stone manse perched atop a low hill near Pormaris’ center. Red-edged gold silk banners fluttered from tall turrets in the morning breeze; pennants of smoke issued from a dozen chimneys; a large gatehouse commanded one corner, with a servants’ entrance on its opposite side framed by tall, grey-green hedges of etherya.
From across the wide Boulevard of the Inheritors, Prosatio Silban made his hasty plans. In through the domestics’ door, and the kitchen must needs be nearby ... right under that double chimney, he thought. But first things first.
The cook picked up some gutter-dirt, rubbed it on his face, then on his red tunic and dark brown kneebreeches. From a belt-pouch he withdrew a false mustache which he applied with a dab of stickit sap. Satisfied, he loped along the boulevard to the appropriate access.
A liveried and chain-mailed guard stopped him. “I don’t know you. Name?”
“Prospo Ilvan, the new scullion. Let me in before I earn a whipping.”
“Pass.”
Inside, the manse was a labyrinth of low corridors, but Prosatio Silban’s practiced nose expedited his search. The kitchen was abuzz with activity; pots boiling, ovens roaring, skillets a-sizzle, and a company of servants washing, peeling, chopping, and otherwise preparing a battery of ingredients under Andwilla Thork’s critical direction.
“Quick there!” she barked. “I need those onions diced and ready for the pan! You! Unbrace those quail for the roastery! And you” – she pointed at the counterfeit scullion – “go slice those lemons. Now!”
Chortling to himself, Prosatio Silban moved with purposeful stealth to the preparation-counter where sat the lemon jar. As Andwilla Thork turned to berate another kitchen-hand, he slipped the jar into his tunic. He was about to disappear when he felt a hand grip his shoulder. Hard.
“You told me you wouldn’t quit,” Andwilla Thork said in icy tones. “And I believed you. I’ll take that jar, if you please.”
Abashed, the cook-errant obeyed. “Leave!” she snapped. He left.
Outside the servant’s entrance once again, the cook pondered his next course of action. “Which way to the kitchen-garden?” he asked the guard.
“Along this wall, down a narrow path, around the corner, and there you are,” said the guard. “Why?”
“I have been instructed to furnish parsley and pungentine for m’Lord’s table.”
“Why don’t you use the connecting door from the kitchen?”
“It’s ... engaged. And anyway, I need the fresh air.”
“Pass.”
In the garden, Prosatio Silban considered his options. Across from where he stood, a wooden door – now closed – connected the garden with the kitchen. Above and to the right of the door was an open window, through which he could hear the house-cook ordering her assistants; he climbed a twisted and convenient pork-apple tree to peep inside.
Just below his tentative perch was the lidded jar, with some of its contents lying on the preparation-counter next to it. No one was watching him. He fished in his pouch and withdrew a length of black cord, in one end of which he tied a practiced slipknot. Heart pounding, inch by inch he lowered the loop of cord until it encircled the container. He gave a quick jerk and the loop tightened. Hardly daring to breathe, he began to hoist.
That was when Andwilla Thork appeared. She grabbed the jar and yanked the cord out of his hand.
“You really don’t know how to give up, do you?” she called up to him. Flustered, he slid down the tree and made good his escape.
“Found the garden, did you?” asked the house-guard.
“Yes,” replied Prosatio Silban. “All out of pungentine, however. I need to get back to the kitchen.”
“Pass.”
Once inside again, the cook made good his return passage. He stood just outside the kitchen doorway, on the other side of which a busy scullion was peeling his way through a pile of rock-turnips. Andwilla Thork was nowhere to be seen.
“Pssst. Psssssst!” Prosatio Silban hissed.
The scullion looked up. “What’s it?”
“How would you like to earn two in silver?”
“What do I have to do?”
“See that jar of preserved lemons? Make it mine and I’ll make you rich.”
“I’ll be right back!”
The scullion crossed the kitchen floor, seized the jar, recrossed, and handed the half-empty vessel to Prosatio Silban. An exchange was made, and the cook tucked the prize into his tunic. This is what comes of not knowing how or when to quit, he thought with a fierce grin.

* * * 

The rich aroma of fidget-hen slow-cooking in its own fat filled the galleywagon. It was an otherwise delectable aroma, but Prosatio Silban was uneasy concerning his minor crime. 
I’ll make it up to her, he vowed to himself. Somehow. Someday.
On his return an hour earlier, the cook had selected a preserved lemon from its fellows in the jar, sliced it into strips, and added two to the confit pan. He now opened the oven door, dipped into the molten fat a wooden spoon, blew on it thrice, tasted.
He grimaced. The addition had soured and overwhelmed, rather than accented, the confit.
“By Scofi, Goddess of Culinary Inspiration, that’s foul!” he exclaimed. “All that fuss, and for what?”
He closed the jar and opened his coldbox. There at the top, in plain sight, lay another half-empty jar of preserved lemons.
“Of course,” he whispered, pursing his lips. “There all along ... and I had to ... damn.”
There was nothing else for it. He opened both jars, emptied one into the other, and tucked the full container into his tunic. The time to make this up to her, Prosatio Silban thought as he stepped into the cool Pormaris night, is now.

* * * 

“So you see,” he explained to Andwilla Thork, “it was all for naught. My Grand Experiment failed. Grandly. I am so sorry.”
“One can never tell these things in advance,” she replied. “As it happens, I had all I needed before your ... intervention. I could have made you a present of the remainder.”
“I would have accepted it.”
“Then do so now,” Andwilla Thork said, handing him the jar. “We cooks must support each other.”
“Thank you,” he said. “I will take it, with one proviso to ease my heart.”
“Yes?”
“Let me give you that ‘obscure recipe or two’ in exchange?”
Andwilla Thork smiled. “Done.”



War Prints
In which Our Hero follows the passage of combat through men’s eyes, and does what he can.


THE GALLEYWAGON’S RUINED TIRE SOFTENED, then hardened again under Prosatio Silban’s ministering fingers. But he soon realized that his repairs were little stronger than the minor god which blessed them.
O Tersten, Dispenser of Temporary Redemptions, many thanks for Your assistance, the cook finished. And may a Cold Wall rubber-wright be happy to improve my mending for a pot of something delicious.
He was midway up the Long Ascent: a half-dayride of pitted switchback slashed like an old dueling scar up the face of a mile-high limestone cliff. Mountains pierced the clouds to the northeast and south. On the western horizon, the green hills and wide vales of the Uulian Commonwell undulated away from him on the other side of the Hidden River just below, meandering its marshy way to the Rimless Sea. Between cliff and river, the green faded into a tumbled black – wounds of a war which had ended when Prosatio Silban was too young to understand it.
“All right, boy,” he said, wiping dirty hands on his blue cotton kneebreeches. “Let her down and we can be on our way.”
The galleywagon settled with a creak and a clatter onto its four chest-high wheels as Onward’s smooth chatoyant bulk rippled out from underneath. The dray-beast extruded a dainty-toothed elephant-trunk to accept a maroon fatberry-cake, then oozed itself into the bigger-than-ox-sized harness. Prosatio Silban stroked what might pass for its flank, told it what a good helper it was, and climbed onto the driver’s bench.
The restored tire would hold, or it wouldn’t. Just like his faith.
Prosatio Silban removed from a belt-pouch a pair of grey artificial eyebrows and applied, as if by reflex, the soft mouse-fur cheats.
Almost there, he thought, smoothing them down. And one can’t be too careful.
Less than an hour later, the road had leveled off and widened into an acre-wide semicircle. An imposing limestone-block wall curved away from either side of a five-manheight, double-gated tower. From a pole atop the tower fluttered three wide pennants (wheaten gold, granite grey, and deep-sea blue) edged with dark red fringes – the respective military flags of epicurean Pormaris, stony-hearted Tirinbar and many-harbored Soharis. The pole’s finial was an oal’s skull inscribed with the cryptic runes of the Xao. Six Xao archers eyed him from the roof; tall, bronzed, and half-nude above patterned leather kilts.
Prosatio Silban halted his wobbling galleywagon before the gates, which were open and flanked on each side by four muscular spearmen garbed in the blued chainmail of Soharis. An official-looking man in tricolor livery emerged from the gateway bearing a large wax-tablet.
“Welcome to the border separating the Cold Waste and the Exilic Lands, long may they be free and free of fear,” the official-looking man recited, and coughed. He raised his stylus. “Name?”
“Quite a climb to get here,” Prosatio Silban said. “Not many visitors come up this way?”
The official peered at him. “Name?” he repeated with a shade of impatience.
“Prosatio Silban, the Cook For Any Price.”
“Business?”
“I hope so, or else this long journey has been for naught.”
One of the guards snickered. “If that passes for your wit, it will be,” he said.
The official raised a supercilious hand. “You are a new visitor,” he told the cook. “Tell me your business or you’ll practice it elsewhere.”
Prosatio Silban opened his mouth to declare his business as that of any free traveler and no one else’s. But the eyes of the official and the other sentinels tied his tongue: though a mix of brown and hazel, squints and stares, the pupils of each were black pits of dispassion. Sophisticate and savage, both have seen the same horror, he thought, and smiled instead.
“I am but a humble cook-errant in search of new recipes and untested palates,” he said. “I have never visited this part of the Exilic Lands, which seemed reason enough to do so. But the road was unkind to my vehicle and I seek now also a rubber-wright.”
 “We are two weeks distant from the Uulian Commonwell – far enough to be forgotten by the Flickering Gods, or at least by their Sacreants,” said the official. “Do the Commonwell’s cooks have the zeal her servants lack?”
“So it is said,” said Prosatio Silban, rubbing an untidy eyebrow. “Who knows? The Flickering Gods let me look after the belly; I let Them look after the soul.”
“That is why They are there.” The official poked at the wax tablet with his stylus, handed both to Prosatio Silban. “Sign.”
The cook frowned. “What is this?”
“You are about to enter the living line between civilization and its opposite,” he said. “Such times and places are the purview of the All-Limiter, may we not soon see his face. Besides, if you are killed, your survivors must know that you were here of your own volition.”
Prosatio Silban signed. The Soharis guard snickered.

* * * 

The first thing Prosatio Silban noticed after his galleywagon wobbled through the gate and into the fortress-town proper were two great square towers on the settlement’s far side, tapering stark-red into the late afternoon sky. Connecting them, and for four dayrides on either side, stretched Cold Wall’s namesake – a tall, poured-stone barrier across the sole corridor marking “civilization and its opposite.” The Cold Waste was a howling badlands extending farther than anyone’s knowledge and populated by goblin-birds, seven-curse snakes, twining thornvine, and the ravening cannibal Dulk. The lowering sun painted the massive towers a warm gold, limned with winking glints from the spears of pacing sentinels atop the wall. Against this backdrop a dozen or so cooking-fires sketched scattered streamers of smoke, with here and there a silk banner or carved skull proclaiming the pride and place of one or another Exilic Lands’ nation.
The snickering Soharis guard – who had been introduced by his commander as Filipid Ilgor – was leading the galleywagon and its curious dray-beast along a broad curved street. To their left sprawled the circular oal-hide huts of Xao indigenes, in groups of six centered around a common fire; to the right were the whitewashed wooden lines of Uulian soldiers’ barracks. Narrow perpendicular lanes branched off the street at regular intervals. The scene was alive with pre-twilight shufflings: soldiers changing watch, shopkeepers calling out end-of-day specials, housewomen rattling dinnertime pots and pans, a passing chorus of greetings. On one corner was a small tavern with outside tables, where a handful of Uulian warriors played with two young Xao an animated game of dice. Two Delvers, those four-armed and squat masters of mountain and cavern, stood nearby cheering them on; one caught sight of Filipid Ilgor and waved. They seemed amiable enough, but Prosatio Silban couldn’t help noticing their haunted, deep-peering eyes.
“You see? We have everyone here,” said Filipid Ilgor, returning the wave. He looked back at Prosatio Silban. “Do you know this place, in wherever you hail from?”
The cook shook his head. “Only what everyone knows – that if it weren’t for Cold Wall, the formidable Dulk would have overrun the Commonwell and Exilic Lands decades ago.”
“Exactly! But now we have this,” Filipid Ilgor said, sweeping an arm at the surrounding settlement. “A diverse watch on the Cold Waste and the perfect opportunity to temper our young folk to hardness. Ah, here we are.”
They stopped in the southwest corner of a population-scant plaza. Bordering the square were a shuttered inn (one of the ubiquitous Arrow and Wheel franchise), a neglected Uulian shrine, and a well-maintained garrison-house. In the corner between barracks and shrine stood a rickety stall; before this, a middle-aged Xao was scrubbing out with quiet enthusiasm a large black cauldron.
After a brief round of introductions and inquiries, Filipid Ilgor returned to his post. Prosatio Silban retrieved two bundles from his galleywagon, and Tharch – for such was the name of the Xao rubber-wright – placed a large iron accordion-jack under the injured wheel. Soon, the galleywagon had been stabilized and its wheel removed; the cook busied himself with a portable grill he had unslung from beneath the galleywagon. Xao palates were simple, and Tharch had expressed a particular fondness for pig-lizard, vinegar mushrooms, and red blowberry, all spitted and roasted and drizzled with volcano-pepper sauce.
Prosatio Silban rubbed with garlic the chunks of dark meat, sprinkled them with ocean-salt and black pepper, then rolled them in a small, polished silver dish of golden sesame seeds before impaling them onto waiting skewers. He lit the grill and noticed, not for the first time, Tharch squinting at him. The burly Xao had mounted the wheel in a wooden stand and was stripping the cracked rubber rim, casting furtive glances from eyes that Prosatio Silban had begun to think of as a Cold Wall characteristic.
“Yes?” Prosatio Silban said, thinking of native superstition. “Did you change your mind about the pig-lizard?”
Tharch looked down, then back at Prosatio Silban. “I am wondering,” he said. “Why are you here?”
“Why do you say that?”
“Those are not your eyebrows,” Tharch said, and grinned. “You are an Uulian godsman, yes?”
Prosatio Silban grinned back; the Xao were renowned for their artless acuity. “Secrets are a necessary inconvenience in civilized lands, and more so at their borders,” he said. “Suffice to say that I once was a ... godsman, but I was on better terms with the Flickering Gods than with the other godsmen. So I left. Why are you here?”
“I am born here,” Tharch replied, pointing down at the square’s flagstones, “and am not knowing my grandfather’s-grandfather’s land. But my grandfather is fighting when this Dulk war begins, and is telling me the first wall is strong – but the Dulk are climbing over on the bodies of their piling dead. So the wall is now being higher than the bodies, and still they are coming. And never are they speaking.”
Prosatio Silban started. “They don’t speak? Do you mean that no one has ever talked to the Dulk?”
“No.”
“Not even in the early years of the war, or before?”
“No,” Tharch repeated, irritation shading his voice. “Why?”
“Why?”  Well ... how do you know what they want, or even why you are fighting?”
Tharch smiled, but not with his eyes. “To your question a Dulk is answering knives. Why ask your killer why he kills you?”
“Because perhaps you can get him to stop.”
Tharch barked a harsh laugh and turned back to the wheel-stand. Prosatio Silban felt a sudden pain in his left shoulder. One end of an arrow was sticking in it; the other was tipped with three dark brown feathers. He cried out.
“Dulk!” shouted Tharch, shoving Prosatio Silban to the ground with one calloused hand.
In an instant, the afternoon quiet was shattered by shouts and screams. The arrow throbbing in Prosatio Silban’s shoulder was one of dozens whistling through the skies to fall with clatters and shrieks in the square and its surroundings. A handful sprouted from the galleywagon’s sides and roof. From his position at the vehicle’s rear, the cook-errant couldn’t see his dray-beast; only a number of armed defenders running toward the wall, and a few of prone and supine bodies.
Tharch dragged Prosatio Silban into the stall and yanked the arrow from his shoulder. The cook screamed, then screamed again when Tharch pressed a pungent soaked rag tight against the wound.
“Hold!” the blacksmith spat. “Dulk dipping arrows in their dung.” Then he rose, snatched a bow and full quiver from under the counter, and vaulted over it with a frenzied yell.
Blood and numbing fire seeped down Prosatio Silban’s arm. He closed his eyes, considering which of the gods were appropriate for the present prayer-moment: Valmasorn, Defender of the Way Home; Bohoran, Giver of Strength Where None is Felt; and, of course, Angrim, the All-Limiter. He yearned for the pervading comfort of Galien, the All-Mother, but her presence seemed remote; like a memory of some now-unobtainable sweetness. He threw away the rag, touched his wound with shaking fingers, and chanted Her name with an accent and cadence of centuries-ago fashion. The skin sealed but the pain stayed unabated.
All around came the sounds of people killing and dying: commands, rallying-calls and fearful shrieks; cries and moans for help or mother; metallic clashing; bestial bellowing. Prosatio Silban had no weapons to speak of save a cast-aside chopping-knife – as a Sacreant he had never needed them, and as a man he’d never wanted any – but nearby was the sprawled form of a Soharis spearman, his abandoned weapon within scrambling distance. It was Filipid Ilgor, sneering open-eyed into the sky despite an arrow through the heart.
Prosatio Silban bent and closed the man’s eyes. “’Who saw you come, see you go,’” he murmured in the old Uulian formula, and took up the spear. A shadow fell across Filipid Ilgor’s silent form, and the cook looked up and into a face out of nightmare.
The Dulk was twice the cook’s size, with twice as many arms, covered in a matted patchwork of brown and grey fur. Six eyes glittered with hate from a vulpine head; a distorted mouth bristled with black fangs like broken obsidian, and each knobby claw held a jagged and crimson-dripping flint blade.
Prosatio Silban smiled, trying to project confidence. Holding the spear in as inoffensive a manner as possible, he said in a calm voice, “Friend?”
The Dulk screeched like a dying ox and lunged.
The cook raised his spear crosswise to block the Dulk’s attack, countering his enemy’s first thrust even as two others ripped like burning ice along his abdomen and right forearm. Another blow cracked the spear haft. Serrated stone nicked his left ear. He fell to one knee, saw the Dulk raise all four arms like some triumphant insect, and winced.
The Dulk screeched again. Prosatio Silban opened his eyes. Two bronze arrows were sticking in the Dulk’s chest. The monster turned and swiped at Tharch, who was drawing a long knife sheathed at the small of his back. The half-beast’s swing caught the Xao’s left shoulder, whirling him around and down to the ground; the Dulk grabbed his quarry’s wrists in its lower claws, pulling them wide. Gaping claws sought his neck.
Prosatio Silban clutched the broken spear and swayed to his feet. The Dulk had its back to him; he raised the spear over his head.
It was the ancient Uulian philosopher Panateo Gostis who first described the world’s existence as “a dance between Life and Time, the All-Mother and All-Limiter, freighted in moments of malleable length.” This concept had always seemed to Prosatio Silban both axiomatic and enigmatic, but now everything was calm and clear: a carved crystal tableau he could rotate and view at leisure from multiple angles. And he understood that a moment can last forever.
There was fire roaring in his wounds and intoxicating his limbs; wind whistling through dilated nostrils; dry mouth sour with fear; sounds of battle receding and dimming beneath his throbbing heartbeat; artificial eyebrows slipping from the sweat soaking his face and tunic. He saw the small patch of skin between the Dulk’s shoulders and the whet-marks on the spear tip hanging before his eyes. He knew he had to bring them together.
The Dulk’s claws found Tharch’s throat, squeezed.
Prosatio Silban had never killed anything bigger than could cling to a fishing line; had never considered killing as other than an academic exercise. He felt small and unsure and yanked-about and, more keenly than ever, the absence of the beloved and holy Galien.
Tharch’s legs kicked. The Dulk laughed.
What if I’m wrong? he thought. O Galien, where are you?
And then came the smooth ffft of blade into skin; the soft chuk of bone; the whupump whupumple of alarmed heartflesh, and he sobbed and groaned and pushed as it screamed and beat and died and died and died and die damn you died.
He let go the spear. The Dulk rolled to the left, twitching. Tharch rolled to the right, coughing. Prosatio Silban stood in between, trying not to heave.

* * * 

Starless night had covered everything but what could be revealed by lambent pools of torchlight. The dispatched and motionless Dulk had been piled in the square not far from the bodies of their victims. The air was ragged with ululations and weeping. Prosatio Silban had seen to Tharch, then wandered the streets dispensing what kindnesses he could – easing the dying, consoling the living, and praying for everyone else.
The cook was neither comfortable nor inclined to discuss it as he returned to Tharch’s well-lit stall. His hands held the memory of the killing, and he didn’t like that either – nor the “I killed / No, you saved” war in his heart. He was grateful that the galleywagon’s damage was minor, and relieved that his strange dray-beast had flattened itself into the ground and thus escaped injury. He patted Onward with affection, and a soulful brown eye regarded him.
“It’s okay, boy,” he said, offering a fatberry-cake. “We’re leaving in the morning.”
The big Xao had righted the fallen wheel-stand and was gathering his scattered tools. He took Prosatio Silban’s hand in his and searched his face. “You are not killing before this.”
“No.”
“And not liking it now.”
“What? Of course not. Does anyone?”
“Only the Dulk,” Tharch replied. “That is why we are killing them first.”
Prosatio Silban disliked the sound of those words, much less the utter and merciless logic behind them. He shook his head. The world is not just for me, but also for everyone, he thought, and not for the first time. And knowing that, he felt Galien’s healing touch in his left shoulder.
The Cook For Any Price sighed, began picking up his own gear. The grill had burned itself out, but by some miracle the skewers were untouched. To live, we must eat, he thought. But why? He reached for the empty silver sesame-seed dish, considered, and caught in it the reflection of his eyes – his eyes, his new and terrible eyes.



Grammar: An Amuse-Bouche


“WHO MADE UP THE RULES for which goes with what?” asked m’Lady Phytan’s youngest son, Ulmo. “Eating meat with a fork, bread with our hands, soup with a large spoon, or drinking yava from a ceramic mug? What about combining oil of olives with garlic? Ham with eggs? Fidget-hen with pungentine?”
“One might as well ask why the sun doesn’t fall out of the sky,” replied Prosatio Silban, handing him a steaming bowl of fruited porridge. “The Flickering Gods, in Their wisdom, have decreed it thus from before creation – indeed, They built it into creation’s very fabric. Our happy task is but to simply enjoy these things, in all their multiform combinations, rather than break our heads and palates over how and why they each came to be. It is just one more example of why we live in this, the most interesting of all possible worlds.”



Forgotten God
In which Our Hero must complete a tripartite task.


IT WAS A DARK AND stormy night, and a rain-soaked Prosatio Silban felt curious and watchful eyes upon him as he halted his galleywagon under a crumbling iron roof.
He shivered, searching for the source of his prey-like unease, but nothing stood out before or beyond the unfathomable gloom. Perhaps it’s just my weather-tossed fancy, he thought. I don’t need any unpleasant surprises. And it’s a good thing Onward has better senses than mine. We should never have left Pleasure’s Gap at sunset anyway – and certainly not under a threatening and cloudy sky!
The first thing the cook did was light a fatberry-oil lamp and look after Onward’s comfort and provisioning. The rusting roof provided ample rain protection and the centuries-cracked mosaic floor was relatively dry. Two fatberry-cakes and a kind word later, the quaint lumbering dray-beast had settled in for a well-deserved slumber.
Now for my dinner, but first a good toweling, Prosatio Silban thought, humming a light and random melody as he opened the galleywagon door. Then a hot cup of yava, and – by the sustaining teats of the All-Mother! What is that?
A head-sized golden sphere, wrapped in lambent blue flame, was bobbing at eye level above the galleywagon’s ornate central rug. A deep voice sounded from everywhere and nowhere.
“Welcome, stranger,” it said. “I need your help.”
The cook’s mouth opened, then closed. When surprised, act with nonchalance, ran the old Uulian proverb, so he put on his most authoritative tone.
“Who are you? And what are you doing in my galleywagon?”
“A fair question,” said the voice. “Let me give you a fair reply.”
What happened next was without equal in Prosatio Silban’s long experience: all at once he lightened, as though having shed a burdening weight. He took a reflexive downward glance, and cried out in surprise and fear: crumpled on the floor, like a string-snipped puppet, lay his beefy form.
“I have disembodied you,” said the voice. “You may regain that body by completing the task I shall set before you.”
“May regain it?”
“We shall see what we shall see. I am Rothau, once known as the God of Beginnings. And you are standing in the remains of the last of my once-many shrines.”
“Forgive me. I know all six-hundred-thirteen of the Flickering Gods, and I have never heard of you.”
“Nor should you have, as I am not one of those gods. I predate by ages Their arrival with you in these so-called Exilic Lands. I was once worshiped by some of the race you call ‘The Antecedents,’ but they are now no more. My altar-fires have been unlit for uncountable generations. You, however, can change that.”
“What makes you think so? Or that I would even wish such a thing?”
“Because if you do not, your soul and body will remain estranged,” Rothau said. “You will be as intangible as I, lacking purpose and direction, altogether for eternity. One cannot in general exist without a sense of one’s own significance, and you in particular cannot live without the satisfaction and meaning your trade imparts to yourself and to your customers. What is that worth to you?”
Prosatio Silban tried, and failed, to look at his hands. I seem to be insubstantial already, he thought. And I do not like it. Even in this small measure.
“What do You require of me?” he asked.

* * * 

The landscape’s horizon wavered in time with the sleeper’s deep breathing, accented by a soft and tuneless humming. Tall, multicolored flowers of uncertain species towered over Prosatio Silban’s head, and he sought in vain a source for the light reflecting off their leaves and petals.
Where am I? he thought as a penguin floated past. And how did I get here – wherever ‘here’ is?
Then he remembered what Rothau had said: “I have been without hands or eyes since my last follower died aeons ago, and I need at least three faithful worshippers in order to metamorphose from hazy memory back into firm actuality. To facilitate that transformation, your first task will be to enter the dreams of a young woman and save her from a recurring nightmare ...”
I am already on my mission, the cook thought. And I must complete it without delay.
The sleeper’s breathing fluctuated, and the white light turned to sepia. The horizon was no longer flat, but mountains-tall and constricting; the music had become an eardrum-affronting metallic screech. Bloody eyeballs fell from the black sky, bouncing as they hit the bare earth. A trio of sinister men approached from the distance; faces distorted, eyes staring. But at whom? There was no sign of the dreamer – only the ragged sound of her frightened gasps.
The men came closer, raising sharp and jagged blades in lieu of hands. Prosatio Silban lifted one of his own hands in what he hoped was a threatening gesture.
“In the name of Rothau, God of Beginnings,” he cried. “Begone with you!”
And then, chaos.
The closest specter’s hand-knife sliced through the cook’s raised arm, dropping it in pieces to the muddy ground. The other two advanced, muttering; one slashed into Prosatio Silban’s chest, and the other cut his legs out from under him, toppling the hapless cook onto his back with a sound not reproducible in writing.
Despite the mayhem, the cook was in no physical discomfort whatsoever, save the pang of being thwarted from achieving a noble and necessary cause. He tried to rise, using his good arm as a lever, but failed.
Why is there no pain? Prosatio Silban thought. O yes! it’s a dream. I suppose I’d better treat it as one. And quick.
He raised his remaining arm toward his all-but-surrounding adversaries. A beam of pink light shot from his open palm.
The men froze. One by one, they melted from the bottom up, and as they disappeared, the white light returned. A swirl of emerald sparks coalesced before the wondering cook into a young woman, auburn hair flowing out behind her. She smiled at him with the relieved air of someone rescued from long suffering.
“You will endure night-terror no more,” Prosatio Silban told her. “You face a new dawn, thanks to the god Rothau.”
“I have been plagued by these horrid visionings all my life,” the dreamer said. “Now, at last, I can begin to enjoy my dreams. Thanks to the god Rothau, indeed. I shall always be grateful ...”

* * * 

The deadeyed old man stopped walking, sighed with misery, and put a hand on the bridge rail.
I have been too many years alone and desolate, he thought. But soon, the stark fist of the All-Limiter will encircle me in His firm embrace. All I have to do is leap. Or, more accurately, drop.
He swung one leg across the rail, and was about to do the same with the other when a voice sounded in his head.
Don’t.
He grunted. Why not? he thought in reply.
You are not too old to begin again.
Yes. I am. The man swung over his other leg, such that he was standing on the undersized ledge jutting out below it. With one hand, he grasped the suspension cable behind him. And I have been for some time. Please. Let me die.
The voice gained urgency. Wait.
Why?
Because there is still much for you to do.
The old man grimaced. Like what? He stuck one foot into emptiness.
What was your business?
I was a shopkeeper with my wife, may she rest in the All-Mother’s bosom. We spent together forty-seven contented years. Our days were rich with happy commerce, and in the evenings I would play the synclarion and she would sing along. But she died, and my days since have been dark for longer than I care to remember.
Were you a competent musician?
Yes. I taught my wife to play, in fact. And she played better than I did! He smiled at the memory.
Could you teach others? asked the voice.
The old man’s breathing caught.
There is a place in your city where orphans spend their empty days. You would fill them with light and song.
A long pause, then: I have no light to give. He let go the cable and dropped into space.
When one falls from a great height, there is a unique sense of the rapidly decreasing distance between the former perch and whatever’s below it. At least, that’s what the old man had anticipated. But as he fell, he became aware of no breeze whistling past his ears; no anxiety roiling his stomach; no sight of the up-rushing river surface. He might have been made of feathers. And his puzzlement grew when he found himself floating back up to stand on the bridge ledge.
What was that? he thought.
As I said, you have still have much to do.
The old man patted his chest, his thighs, his cheeks. All were sound and whole.
Who are you? he asked.
Only a messenger. From Rothau, God of Beginnings.
Another long pause.
Well. Perhaps I could add some light and song after all.
It is but within your reach.
One by one, the old man swung his legs back over the railing. Thank you, he thought with a smile, and dusted off his hands.
Do not thank me. It is the god Rothau who made possible your new life.
Then I shall thank the god Rothau with a proper altar-offering, and teach my new students in His name. His smile increased. This I affirm ...

* * *

The studio air was thick with the oily smell of fresh paint, and morning sunlight spilled in through an open window. The artist stood poised before a large blank canvas, biting the wooden tip of her doe-hair brush as she looked in vain for inspiration – any inspiration.
“Why are beginnings always the hardest part?” she murmured to herself. “I don’t know where, or even what, to commence. And this painting must be finished by the end of the day!”
She sighed, then exclaimed as the room fell midnight-dark in an instant. Before she could lay aside her tools and kindle a candle, a small section of her canvas was illumined by a coin-sized spot of pink light. At the same time, the white and black paint-dabs on her palette began to glow as though pink-lit from within.
The artist creased her brow. Where could that be coming from? she thought.
She put down her palette, stepped to the window, and was greeted by a sunny streetscape of familiar brick and poured-stone. Puzzled, she turned back into the studio.
Darkness, save for three precise highlights.
This could only come from the hand of a god, she thought, and an unfamiliar name floated into her mind. “Thank you, Rothau, for showing me where and how to begin,” the artist whispered. She mixed the palette’s dabs into a grey blob and applied her brush; beneath her quick hand an ancient shrine began to take shape ...

* * *

Prosatio Silban extended a hand from beneath the grey iron roof, but no raindrops tickled his palm. He shrugged, marveling at the cool after-storm sensation, and smiled.
The god is as good as His word, he thought, and turned to warm his hands at the dancing altar flame.



Haunted Oyster
In which Our Hero engages in a culinary contretemps at the Annunciation of the Year.


OF ALL THAT MAKES THE Three Cities and Thousand Villages of the Uulian Commonwell unique, perhaps none so typify that uniqueness as their calendar.
Where other peoples marked time in a numeric fashion, the Uulians employed a more lyrical form of temporal accounting. Each of their years was named by the High Sacreant at the exact midnight turn of said year, with the past’s duration expressed as “ago.” For example: Rather than saying thus-and-such happened in such-and-thus year since “King Felix’ birth” “or “history commenced” or “the world began,” the Uulians stated it poetically, viz.: “Twenty-seven ago, in the Year of the Moonlit Oak,” or “Thirty-two ago, Year of the Cerulean Tide.” Some years bore cyclic overtones, as: “Forty-seven ago, in the Fifteenth Year of the Lurking Jest.”
That latter period was the birth-year of Prosatio Silban, whom we find on this last day of the Year of the Weighted Table in the great square adjacent to epicurean Pormaris’ Diamond Shrine: an immense, three-cornered limestone-brick pyramid, with a jutting public-address balcony overlooking the vast adjacent square. Surrounded by a massive throng drawn from throughout the Commonwell, he is standing beneath a star-strewn sky and waiting with patience for the annunciation that would fix the coming year in the Uulian Tome of Times.
The cook was no mere spectator at this signal event; he was also trying to make the odd coin or three by selling packets of hot golau-nuts from a portable warmer. The crowd’s mood of festal solemnity was contagious, so he refrained from loudly hawking his wares. Instead, he milled from person to person, advertising his merchandise by asking in a soft intonation, “Roasted nutmeats? Hot and choice?” But try as he might, the multitude proved impenetrable – they were either not hungry, or didn’t want to lighten the event’s gravity, or had no curiosity about what he was trying to sell.
I would do better to eat these myself, he thought. Here I am, trying to interest mouse-intent cats in a nice piece of fish. Well, midnight is less than a quarter-hour away ...
Prosatio Silban set down his warmer and sighed, stretching his lower back. At that moment, another vendor – this one carrying a large wooden frame festooned with dangling loops of twistbread – did the same right next to him.
“Not a happy night for custom, eh?” asked the cook, rubbing his hands together.
“Excuse me,” the other said. “But I am selling here. You will have to move along.”
“I am simply resting my arms,” Prosatio Silban replied. “No need to worry.”
“Rest them elsewhere. You are cutting into my profits.”
“I believe Shrine Square is the property of all the people of the Commonwell. You cannot claim this particular space. And as for profits, you are no more making any than I am.”
“Shhh!” someone shushed.
“That’s because you’re driving away my business!” whispered the rival.
“I’ve only just gotten here,” the cook whispered back. “The problem is, no one wants to spoil the occasion with loud crunching – or in your case, strenuous chewing.”
“I said, move along!”
“I won’t!”
“Excuse me!” said an annoyance-browed woman. “We are in a holy place here. You are ruining our concentration. Besides, no one wants to eat hot nutmeats at such a time as this.”
“There!” said the twistbread peddler. “You see?”
“It’s not the nuts,” interjected a tall man wearing a bright green fez. “The fact is, twistbread is salty. And there are no beverage-sellers here.”
“Thank you, sir,” said Prosatio Silban. “Would you like to buy a hot packet of nutmeats?”
“No, thank you.”
“Will you all please be quiet?” another woman whispered.
As this was going on, a rainbow-robed figure appeared on the shrine’s balcony.
“Greetings, Citizens of the Commonwell!” came a rich, magikally amplified female voice. “The time has come to bid farewell to the Year of the Weighted Table, to welcome a new day, and –”
“I am not moving from this spot,” muttered the twistbread purveyor through gritted teeth, and pushed Prosatio Silban so that he lost his balance and toppled through three bystanders to the square’s diamond-motif pavement. Golau-nut packets scattered everywhere.
“Hey!” someone shouted, and shoved the cook’s adversary. “No fighting!” Then, to Prosatio Silban: “Are you alright?”
“No one shoves me,” the twistbread-baker cried, and lit into the cook’s defender with swinging fists.
“— and on this most sacred night, we are both proud and humbled to gather and hear –” the amplified voice went on.
At this point, the crowd surrounding Prosatio Silban and his aggressor had divided into factions of pushing, punching and arguing. Cries of “Let me go!” and “Take that!” and “Don’t you accost me!” filled the air.
Oblivious to the small commotion below, the High Sacreant proclaimed, “We now join in fellowship and commit to entering the Year of the –”
“Get your hands off me!” cried the twistbread-baker as a burly man grabbed him around the waist.
“What? What was that?” asked a short, wide man. “’The Year of the Hunted Roster?’”
 “I thought she said the ‘Year of the Jaundiced Rooster,’” said another woman as she kicked Prosatio Silban’s shins.
“No, it was ‘Hunkered Ostler,’” said a young but wise-looking child.
“You made us miss it!” shouted the annoyance-browed woman. “I haven’t missed an Annunciation since twenty-three ago, the Year of the Slipshod Axe!”
Heedless of the heated discussion around them, the combatants continued their quarrel until pried apart by arriving town watchmen.
I don’t care about the reckoning, Prosatio Silban thought as he nursed his shins, so long as I can make it the Year of the Hungered Customer.



Brokedown Palate
In which Our Hero has a profoundly bad day, and we bid him farewell.


SITTING ON THE SODDEN DRIVER’S bench of his up-tilted galleywagon, with warm rain dribbling into interstices public and private, Prosatio Silban flirted for a moment with his own demise.
The impulse was one of his three usual reflexes toward unanticipated misfortune. But neither giddy laughter nor philosophical resignation seemed suited to the all-enclosing grey mist soaking his body and soul, so dense that the plaited yak-hair reins in his left hand stretched forward into apparent nothingness.
The Cook For Any Price called out a single hoarse syllable; a rattling hoot rolled back in answer, and the reins slackened. He jumped from the driver’s bench and into calf-deep mud, swore, and made a slow sloggy circuit of his vehicle. The chest-high rear wheels were sunk almost to the hubs in what had been, an hour earlier, a passable dirt road. Prosatio Silban retrieved a jute sack from beneath the driver’s bench, put his free hand on the reins and plodded forward.
At the reins’ other end stood Onward, his sturdy dray-beast. Its chatoyant skin rendered it all but invisible in the wet murk, but two of its soulful brown eyes regarded the cook with a mixture of warmth and anticipation. The cook scratched his friend’s stubby trunk, told it what a good buopoth it was, and produced from the sack two greasy maroon lumps. Onward hissed with pleasure, accepted the fatberry-cake, and seated itself with a dignified plop. 
Prosatio Silban smiled despite his discomfort. Buopoths were happy to sit in the rain, or anywhere else for that matter, so long as food and kind words were offered without stint. He unhitched the harness, gave the animal a reassuring pat, and followed the reins back to the galleywagon.
The comfortable clutter inside usually cheered him, but the cook-errant found his thoughts wandering again toward self-dissolution. He peeled off his dripping clothes and dried himself with a rough cotton towel, his brow creasing as he contemplated the past six weeks. His recent patrons had been decent enough folk – at least, for residents of stony-hearted Tirinbar – but despite a grudging generosity, their materialistic-strangers’ ways had always repulsed him. And even though their ample coin had rescued the cook from his own empty belly, that acknowledged necessity did nothing to alleviate his humor.
Leaving his clothes in a soggy heap, Prosatio Silban padded naked and downhill across the ornate braided rug toward the curtained sleeping-berth at the galleywagon’s rear. He parted the black silk drape and cast himself prone on the parrot-down mattress with a sigh of finality.
O Galien, Lady of Life and Angrim, Lord of Time, transcendent to the world and at-one with it, please – reach out and teach me where I stand. Though circumstance circumscribes me, though I know the only way out is through, I am also blind concerning where to find that way. I beg and beseech you both: strengthen my legs and heart, and fit them to finding an answer in – 
Knock-knock-knock. Knock.
Prosatio Silban jumped. Though he had prayed throughout his life, with varying degrees of vigor under countless different conditions, he was not accustomed to dramatic consequents. He sat up and peered at the galleywagon’s door. No visitor was conceivable along the rough road he had been traveling – especially in this weather, and more especially unannounced by the vigilant and sensitive Onward.
Knock-knock-knock.
The cook wrapped himself in an embroidered silk robe, took up a stout cudgel, and padded back uphill. He unlatched the door’s top half and cracked it open.
A faceful of sopping mist greeted him. He wiped his eyes, whipped his head in vain from side to side, then glanced downward. Two bright green eyes stared up at him from under a tangle of night-black hair.
Because he was old in his people’s mythic lore, a proverb flickered through his mind: When stranded, beware strange visitors. And another: At bottom, any diversion beckons.
“Hello,” said the little girl. She appeared to be about ten years old and was dressed in a golden frock and olive sandals. Her hair was dry and her expression unafraid, as might befit an unconcerned noble as certain of her place in the world as of everyone else’s.
“Who ...” he began, then tried again. “How ...?”
“I’m hungry,” she said.
“Where are your parents?”
“Not here.”
“Where do you live?”
“I’m hungry,” she repeated, and gazed at him with the trust of a baby bird.
“Well ... then I would say you’re in luck,” he said. “I was about to prepare a miserable lunch to match this day.”
“Are you inviting me in?” she asked.
There are occasions in life when everything halts as if poised, or etched; a deep timeless calm spreads like spilt oil, and assumes an ancient and fragile importance. As a self-defrocked Sacreant, Prosatio Silban had once made a living by recognizing (and sometimes creating) those moments; he knew that anything spoken in these circumstances must be precise – and must also be, or will become, a deep and abiding Truth.
“’In,’ in a sense,” he said with slow deliberation. “I am offering you a meal in that part of the world which, through no direct intention of mine, is aligned with my galleywagon’s interior.”
The little girl paused for a heartbeat. 
“You talk too much,” she said. “What do you have to eat?”
Abashed, Prosatio Silban opened the door’s bottom half. Having admitted his visitor, he closed both halves against the invasive weather and smiled at her.
“You may ask for anything, provided I have the ingredients,” he said.
She contemplated with amused interest the cookware, cured foods, and dried herbs dangling from the ceiling.
“Why do you have all those pots and sausages and things?” she asked.
“I’m a cook,” he said, gesturing upward. “I go from place to place, cooking things which people like to eat. That’s how I earn my living.”
“Then what?”
“Then what what?”
“After you earn your living, what do you do?”
“I go out and earn it again,” Prosatio Silban said. “That’s the problem with a living – it lasts as long as life does.”
“How long do you want to live?” the girl asked.
Again the feeling of cosmic import touched him. No evasions, no subterfuge, no cleverness now, he thought.
“As long as I can,” he answered, sounding ridiculous in his own ears.
Prosatio Silban scrutinized his visitor. His first impression had been incorrect, he thought; although childlike, the girl was more timeless than young. Her hair – still dry, he noted, as was her dress – hung like a shadowy wreath about her slim shoulders, accentuating her pale skin and large, almost luminous green eyes. Her gold, calf-length frock was of unusual style even by the ever-changing fashions of the Uulian Commonwell, with artful tatters patched here and there by black velvet. Her reed-woven sandals were more appropriate for walking the marble floor of a temple than a muddy, storm-soaked road. They left no stain on the rug as she stepped to the translucent, silver-edged chest as tall as she was and tucked next to a sizable grey-oak pantry.
“What’s this?” she asked.
“This,” Prosatio Silban said, pride coloring his voice, “is one of my most important tools. It was fashioned by strange arts from mountain-cracking glacial ice. I keep inside it all provision as would otherwise spoil in the warm summer air.”
“Do you have nutpaste and fruit compote?”
“I can make three kinds of each,” Prosatio Silban said. “I also have two kinds of bread. And, of course, the appropriate accompaniment.”
“Cow’s milk?”
“Yes! Warm or icy?”
“Icy.”
“If you will excuse me for one moment, we shall eat within another,” he said. The girl nodded, enraptured by the coldbox’s warm sides.
Prosatio Silban stepped through the aft curtain into the sleeping-berth, pulled it closed, and opened the topmost of three drawers beneath its mahogany frame.
As he dressed (blue knee-breeches, white tunic, long brown vest, rubber-soled black cotton shoes, blue fez), he considered his visitor. He didn’t believe for a moment that she was a child, but he was also willing to go along with the imposture for the sake of the company. He wondered Who, if anyone, had answered his most recent (though truncated) supplication, and what they intended – and whether or not he was worthy, or had misinterpreted the situation; hopefully, the former.
And then the soul-blackness entwined him again. He was just a middle-aged traveling cook of no fixed address, stuck in impassable mud between unwanted jobs, who had done nothing to merit his gods’ favors – had years ago walked out on Them, in fact – and who now had an additional and indefinite mouth to feed. 
I am far too old for this sort of life, Prosatio Silban thought. Is this how it ends? if it ends?
The cook regarded himself in the berth’s full-length mirror. A hairless, somewhat portly man stared back at him with an expression of vague shame. The sad eyes narrowed to impenetrable slits; the fleshy mouth pursed in decisiveness.
Whoever or whatever she is, he thought, she says she’s hungry. Pretense or no, that’s all that matters.
He drew the curtain, and his jaw dropped. His visitor had opened a boiled-leather recipe case and was sitting cross-legged on the rug, surrounded by hand-lettered notes of every hue and composition – vellum, parchment, papyrus, bamboo- and rag-paper – one of which she was reading with great interest.
“What are you doing?” he cried, charging over.
“Reading,” she replied with diminutive dignity.
Prosatio Silban’s anger left as soon as it had come, leaving a hollow, weary acceptance. He began gathering up the recipes and stuffing them back in their case.
“Don’t forget this one,” she said. He took the proffered paper: Baello’s Noodle Stew, for the heartiest appetites. Prosatio Silban grimaced.
“Don’t you like stew?” she asked.
“I used to,” he said. “But after cooking this particular recipe in great quantity every day for the past six weeks, I am willing to make you a present of it.”
“Why did you have to cook so much? Were you earning a living?”
“I wouldn’t call it ‘living,’ but it was the only job I could get. Sometimes you have to do that, whether you like it or not.”
She sat with that as he prepared to prepare lunch: gathering from the capacious pantry and depositing on the preparation-counter two sealed earthenware pots of similar size – one brown, one red – a cloth-wrapped parcel, and two broad green chukka-leaves (shiny side topmost).
“This is always my favorite part,” said Prosatio Silban, and opened the coldbox.
She came over to peer inside on tiptoe, fingers clutching the rim.
“Why is this your favorite part?” asked the girl.
“Because I like to see and smell each ingredient, thinking about how it came to my hands and what it will look like after it passes through them,” he said.
Inside, the coldbox was a three-tiered gastronomic treasury, filled (like the pantry) with such provender as could supply a tasty myriad of different meals. Prosatio Silban retrieved from the middle tier an opaque glass jug which he also set on the preparation-counter. He closed the coldbox lid with a whooshy click and unsealed the earthenware pots, releasing in turn the rich aroma of groundnuts and the sweet tang of sequinberry.
“How thick do you like your bread?” he asked, undoing the cloth to reveal a dark brown half-loaf thick with various seeds.
“Thin, and with no crusts,” she replied.
Prosatio Silban sliced in accordance, adding two thick pieces for himself. Into a cherrywood grinding-pot he put a handful each of nuts and fruit.
“Watch this,” he said, twisting closed the lid and giving a quarter-turn to the silver knob on top. He unscrewed the lid, revealing a fragrant and chunky multicolored paste which he spread with generous abundance on the bread. He poured the milk, handed the girl her sandwich, and prepared to bite into his.
Her eyes widened in concern. “Don’t forget the meal-blessing,” she said.
Prosatio Silban sighed, then complied: “O Goddess of Life, Lord of Time, and Everyone between,” he intoned, with the practiced if unenthusiastic shade of piety appropriate to public invocations. “Thank you for what you have gifted us. Our food, ourselves, our gods: all one. This we affirm.”
“You don’t believe that, do you.” It was not a question.
The wave of calm slid over him again. Am I dreaming? he thought.
“No,” he said. “But I would like to.”
“Why?”
He sighed again, and locked eyes with her.
“Because I spent a good deal of my youth believing it,” he said. “Or rather, not disbelieving it, and also helping people who did disbelieve it overcome what I thought was their faithless character-flaw. I know that there is more to the world than all we see” – he outflung one arm – “and while I am no longer a Sacreant, I am still very attached to the Flickering Gods. But over these past few weeks, I found myself brooding over Them more than worshipping or encountering. It feels like spiritual drudgery.”
His visitor thought for a moment. “That doesn’t sound very happy,” she said.
“It’s not,” he replied. “But I know what is.”
“What’s that?”
The cook closed his eyes as if in pain, then opened them again. “Since childhood, I have had occasional glimpses of ... well, of one connected whole. I call these glimpses ‘Golden Moments.’ I know of none among the six-hundred-thirteen Flickering Gods to Whom these experiences may be attached. And I don’t know what to make of these moments, but they are one reason why I left the Sacreanthood. It is as if I were seeing the universe without any words, or gods, blocking the view.”
Her voice was almost a whisper. “Then why do you need any gods at all?”
Prosatio Silban started, as if a trap door had opened beneath him. “Because I need Someone to Whom I can express my gratitude for being alive and useful.”
“Can’t you do that in your living-making?”
“I ... what?”
“Can’t you say ‘thank you’ to the people you cook for?”
“Well ... I do. All the time. But I don’t see what that has to do with ...”
“Sometimes, gods wear the faces of people. You never can tell who you’re talking to until after they leave. And when you serve other people, you are serving your gods. If everything is connected, so are They.”
Prosatio Silban was silent for a handful of pounding heartbeats.
“That’s true,” he said at last.
“And sometimes,” she continued, “the people you’ve served would like to thank you.”
The cook raised his eyes in inquiry. Before he could say a word, a shadowy male figure dressed in thick leather armor appeared from the closed rear curtain. “Thank you for helping me overcome my cowardice,” he said, and disappeared through the closed double-door.
Another dim figure crossed the floor, this time a copper-skinned female. “And thank you for freeing me from a life under the lash,” she said, before making the same exit. She was followed in quick and serried succession by an elfin woman turned from furtive criminal to ‘prentice cook; a disconsolate wineherd with a ruined but profitable crop of grapes; two cadaverous men who thanked Prosatio Silban for helping them enter the Pure City of the Uulian afterlife; a group of villagers saved from terminal and contagious illness; a desperate ship-captain; an inadvertent warrior; a teak dealer with an insatiable curiosity for matters spiritual; a one-eyed, tiger-striped cat; and a broad, if obscure, collection of others. All traversed his ornate braided rug, conveyed their appreciation for services rendered, and melted through the closed and latched front door.
Last came one old man, supporting himself on a wooden walking-stick.
“Who are you?” asked the bemused cook.
“I am you. Rather, the ‘you’ whom you will still become,” the old man said. “I tell you this now: You must not die. At least, not yet. But live. Live for the adventures you have yet to experience – and which can only be experienced by you, in whatever combination of circumstances you find yourself.”
Soon, the cook was alone again with his mysterious visitor, who smiled up at him like the sun breaking through clouds.
“See?” she said. “That was easy.”
Then she too disappeared, without so much as a whisper or a flash.
Prosatio Silban stood for a moment, pondering. Onward’s rattling hoot cut through his bemused meditations. As if in a daze, he made his way to the galleywagon door and opened it.
Warm sunshine spilled across his face. No clouds were in sight, and an avian chorus greeted him with joyful song.
He stepped through the door, marveling at the dryness of the driver’s bench, the road, the countryside, his spirits. Whistling, he stepped down and patted Onward. It all felt ... easy.



* * * * * *





Culinary Concordance
A gourmand’s index, of sorts.


- Advertent Appetizer: “tantushi” (sauced grains-bowl)
- Affable Invitation: chicken confit on blue rice; truffled wheat-threads, white duliac
- Agreeable Disagreement: white duliac
- Annual Doom: blue duliac; grey stew, ale
- Aperitif: poppyhorn, hot mug of sugared yava laced with thick cream; chopped potatoes or onions; sautéing fidget-hen breast
- Arrow Escape: kobi-nuts; blue rice
- Balance (Amuse-Bouche): diced potato
- Birthday Party: marbled chicken-eggs, vegetable hash, stone-rye toast
- Brokedown Palate: Baello’s Noodle Stew, for the heartiest appetites; groundnut paste and sequinberry compote, sliced seedbread, icy cow’s milk
- Caveat Bibitor: wine, finishing-brandy
- Chopped Roots: brandy; duck meatballs; soup/stew, ale, seedbread
- Circus Bred: hot nuts, toasted seeds, roast kernels
- Cook’s Honor: One-Pot Wonder – domestic poultry with blue rice
- Day’s Life: various lavish dishes, including plants and meat ingredients
- Difficult Patron: garlic confit and beef noodles
- Disconsolate Wineherd: ‘raisings;’ two dinners (rabbit confit, beets, and a half-bottle of white duliac; truffled squab atop a rich pilaf of cashews and blue rice) and one break-fast (eggs with gravy, cheese biscuits, sliced citrion, and a bracing pot of yava)
- Elegiac Escort: cress-and-cheese horn, white duliac
- Ersatz Indigene: sourbread, sharp cheese, jewel dates, white duliac
- Evasive Death: marbled eggs, bean-bread toast, bacon, yava
- Face Value: blue duliac
- Fellow Seeker: groatcakes with syrup of tree-sap, filet of squid, smoked mackerel spread with rye rounds; confit of fidget-hen thigh with garlic and pungentine under chive biscuits
- Grammar (Amuse-Bouche): various food and utensil combinations
- Great Wasting: poached coin-pouch
- Gustibus Interruptus: yava, poppyhorn; salad, slow-cooked stew
- Haunted Oyster: hot golau-nuts; twistbread
- Infinite Application: an adaptable mystery-meal
- Keeper of Memories: poached duck eggs, pan-fried oal-sausages, green grits, yava
- Last Meal: “noodle stew”
- Leisurely Eggs: Leisurely Eggs
- Love Famine: vegetable and bean-curd stir-fry over blue rice
- Mapping Lesson: gingery seedcakes, yava
- Mayor of Ixtachet: snoat eggs
- Meals (Amuse-Bouche): pan-seared fidget-hen breast, green beans, and blue rice
- Midnight Invader: egg-curd crisps, yava
- Passing Notes: corn-wraps; mystery meat-balls
- Perfect Ingredient: fidget-hen confit, pantry-items; preserved lemons; braised lamb with preserved lemons and olives; etherya, pungentine, pork-apples
- Profound Breakfast: eggs, tomato relish
- Proportional Mystery: Fidget-Hen Divine
- Purloined Eyebrows: yava with cream and purple bee’s honey
- Quest Authentic: an adaptation of Wild Lard Soup
- Refectional Research: marketplace fare, various condiments and staples
- Revealer of Secrets: local ale, stew, olive-bread and cheese; “community soup”
- Road Bound: kobi-nuts
- Room (Amuse-Bouche): minced lizard-breast
- Royal Fete: stew of roots, tubers, aromatics, volcano peppers, and uncertain meat
- Sacreantal Reflex: yava; blue duliac
- Saucemaker’s Tale: hot chocolate
- Sentimental Journey: jaraanga beans
- Shunned Fragment: fidget-hen consommé and duckfish bisque
- Small Packages: wraps, rolls, dumplings, pasties, and other “filled fare”
- Soul Food: fish, seedbread, savory peasant-greens, yava
- Sovereign Cure: “heroic stew”
- Starry Wisdom: mumblefish skewers, goat pasties; jaraanga beans
- Starving Survivor: fidget-hen thigh skewers, foraged greens, white duliac
- Sudden Feline: tinned mumblefish
- TED Talk: root stew
- Three Prayers: yava; distilled spirits of palm-wine
- Tournament Palatine: egg nog; steamed poultry dumplings; duck-liver paste; mushroom tartlets; noodles with tomatoes and anchovies; Leisurely Eggs; lentil stew with coconut and ginger; fidget-hen confit; broiled rosemary bread with sharp cheese and savory tomato preserves; Carbonaceous Beef
- Twice-Cooked Eggs: fried eggs two ways
- Uninvited Guest: “wheat threads-and” (yellow pearl-tomatoes, sailor’s cap mushroom, garlic)
- War Prints: spitted pig-lizard filet, vinegar mushrooms, red blowberry, with volcano-pepper sauce and sesame seeds
- What Dreams: mushrooms braised in stock of partridge, garlic and pale roots; cold fig-and-beef pasty
- Workman’s Wages: eggs (marbled, over easy, 180-heartbeat, poached), sausages, oven-toasted bread; palm wine
- World’s Best: “the tastiest meal in all the Exilic Lands”



Afterword


IN NORTHERN CALIFORNIA’S DIABLO VALLEY, c. 1978, Dungeons & Dragons was barely known outside the fantasy-and-science-fiction community. I first learned of it there and then via David Hargrave‘s Arduin: a created world not unlike J.R.R. Tolkien’s Middle Earth, C.S. Lewis’ Narnia, or Fritz Leiber’s Lankhmar.
The most addicting D&D element for me has always been “worldbuilding” – establishing an ecology of people, monsters and treasure within a self-consistent storytelling framework. It’s an excellent outlet for structured creativity, and working my day-job one day as an offset printer I grabbed a pad, scrawled a coastline and bay, added some mountains and a river basin, and began describing who and what lived there.
Some years later I had compiled several notebooks and folders full of maps and diagrams, charts and lists, races and religions, legends and monsters, mostly written in two-to-60 minute slices during and between offset jobs. It was a lot of fun. But it was also pretty lonely. At that point in my life I didn’t play D&D anymore, and my efforts felt a bit ... unrequited. And to be honest, somewhat silly.
So in 2005 I decided to tell stories that answered the question, “What would it be like to actually make a living in one of these invented worlds?” After all, somebody has to clean up all those slain dragons (and, probably, buy groceries and pay rent). Thus was born Prosatio Silban, self-defrocked holyman and mercenary cook.
Worldbuilding and its fruits have brought me great happiness (and occasional comfort) during the past several decades. I hope that happiness has been contagious.



About Neal


Neal Ross Attinson has worked at various times as a market research drone, spa attendant, printer’s devil, printer, bookseller (new and used), bike messenger, hawker, deckhand/docent, broadcaster, wedding officiant, process server, freelance journalist, and award-winning newspaper reporter. (And that’s just what he’s been paid for.) His current interests include writing, blogging, pararabbinics, skywatching, productive daydreaming, armchair travel, and all matters culinary.


Connect With Neal

Email: rebnachumtheblogger at gmail dot com
Blog: http://metaphorager.net



# # #



Thank you for reading this far; it really means a lot to me, and I sincerely hope you enjoyed yourself. If you did, please let me know – and feel free to leave a review at your retailer-of-choice.
