The Light of His Sword
ARCHANGEL: BOOK 1



Alaina Stanford


By Alaina Stanford
Published by Alaina Stanford
Copyright 2014 Alaina Stanford
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
 transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, 
recording or otherwise, without written permission of the author.



Acknowledgements


Thanks to Jemma Scarry with Jem’s Editing.


Reviews and comments are welcome and appreciated. You can contact Alaina Stanford at 11alaina11@gmail.com



Chapter One

The shadows writhed and churned between the white frame buildings of the rural compound. They beckoned to the young mother slipping slowly into the darkness. Alyssa grabbed her six-year old daughter, Samantha’s, hand and moved slowly past the tallest building known as the gathering hall. A low unearthly hum came from within that slowly sucked all hope out of the air. It was a familiar sound. A sound that said the elders were deep into their worship. 
A sorrowful moan came from inside the gathering hall as Alyssa pulled Samantha toward the far end of the building. A chill ran through her at the thought of what was happening inside the sanctuary as a scream of desperation filled the air. The elders were totally committed, now was the perfect time. Ritual night was the only time they brought the dogs in from the perimeter and took them into the sanctuary. It would be an entire month before the dogs were pulled inside again.
The wind bit at their ears as it shoved them back toward the compound. Ignoring it, they rushed across the open area between the living quarters and the tall, wire fence. They stopped at a tall tree near the fence. Alyssa used the tree for concealment as she removed a large clump of grass revealing a shallow hole under the fence. Pulling the fence up as best she could, Alyssa helped Samantha slip underneath, and followed her. They crouched low and ran across the meadow. Rising as they reached a small line of young trees, Alyssa took hold of Samantha’s hand and ran as fast as her child could manage through the tall grass.
It wasn’t long before Samantha began to whimper. She pulled on her mother’s hand wanting to stop. Alyssa forced herself to stop and point out a star as it shot across the sky. Samantha stood next to her mother trembling in the cold autumn air.  Draping her arm across Samantha’s shoulders, Alyssa forced herself to smile despite the intense urge to run through the darkness. She gazed into Samantha’s big, blue eyes and said, “Isn’t it pretty? It looks like the star is chasing a fairy across the sky.”
Samantha’s eyes opened wide with wonder forgetting the cold, damp air that caused her threadbare dress to cling her bone thin form. “Could it be an angel?” She whispered.
Alyssa’s eyes filled with tears as she answered, “There are no such things as angels.” 
She began to move again, pulling Samantha along behind her. They stumbled through the thick layer of leaves trying not to trip on the holes and stumps hidden beneath. The meadow offered no protection against the winds forceful onslaught. Yet Alyssa pushed on, knowing they had to put as much distance between them and the compound as possible. Once the alarm sounded over their disappearance, they would have only minutes before the search began.  
It seemed like hours before they reached the shallow creek on the edge of town. The tall grass was thick with thorny weeds. Alyssa wrinkled her nose at the foul smell of the stagnant water and jumped as a slimy creature slithered past her foot. “We just have to reach the trees.” She told Samantha. 
The scent of rain quickly pushed away the sour smell of the creek as they moved deeper into the forest. The wind whipped Alyssa’s long, blonde hair across her eyes, making it difficult to maintain a quick pace. She glanced toward the tall evergreen trees up ahead. The trees offered shelter from the approaching storm and would mask their passing, unlike the trampled grass they left in their wake. 
When they reached the tree line, Samantha began to whimper. “It’s so cold mommy; my fingers are stinging, and my legs itch.” 
Samantha wore a smaller version of the short-sleeved, gray, cotton dress as Alyssa. Alyssa knelt and rubbed Samantha’s bare legs. Pulling several burrs from Samantha’s sock, she ran her hand down the length of her daughter’s long, golden hair. It was full of burrs and weeds. Reaching in her pocket Alyssa pulled out two dark black ribbons. She tied Samantha’s hair back in a ponytail, and then did the same with hers. “It’s okay sweetie. Bury your hands inside the collar of my dress. That will warm them up.” Alyssa picked Samantha up and hurried deeper into the woods. It was past midnight; the ceremony would soon be over.
 Despite the bumpy ride, Samantha fell quickly asleep on Alyssa’s shoulders. By the time she reached the sidewalks of the small town located several miles from the compound, Alyssa was exhausted. She fought for breath as she placed Samantha on her feet urging her to wake. “Samantha, we are almost there, and I’m a little tired. I need you to walk.”
“No, mommy, I want to sleep.” Samantha yawned and rubbed her eyes. Her pale cheeks and tiny nose were rosy from the cold.
“It’s a little further, and then we can stop and rest.” Alyssa cooed, kissing Samantha’s cheek and giving her a quick hug. Alyssa chastised herself for her recklessness. It was careless to allow her urgency for escape to interfere with her judgment. She should have grabbed a blanket to wrap around Samantha. 
The rural town was no more than a few short blocks of small, boxy houses and a handful of stores. The main street through town stood before them. A short row of stores lay directly ahead. Taking Samantha’s tiny hand in hers, Alyssa led her toward the nearest building where the sidewalk began. The town was dark and quiet as it should be at the late hour. Leaves and small debris skittered across the damp pavement as they rushed across the narrow street deeper into town. 
An occasional raindrop spurred Alyssa to move faster. The last thing they needed was to be caught in a soaking frigid rain. The only building that offered any light beyond the occasional lantern style streetlight was the small brick post office that sat in the center of town. That was their destination.
No one was around to see them slip through the glass doors into the post office. The short counter inside the one room office was locked behind a chain-link security gate. On the far side of the room was a small alcove lined with Post Office Boxes. Alyssa went directly to a small box in the center of the main section. She pulled a key from her dress pocket and opened the little door. Please let it be there, if it wasn’t, then their escape had been for nothing. Inside was an envelope addressed to Resident. Her hand trembled as she pulled it out. Glancing around the vacant room, she felt ridiculous assuring herself they were alone. Ripping one end open she pulled out a small amount of cash, a credit card, a set of car keys and a note.
Alyssa sighed with relief as she read the note, then stuffed the items back in the envelope. All the planning and midnight trips into town had finally paid off. It took her nearly two months after she received word that everything was in place to build up her courage and risk the escape. She only hoped the car was still waiting for them. Alyssa turned to her daughter. “We’re all set, our adventure is beginning. The car isn’t too far, but we have to walk a little bit more to get there.”
“Oh no, mommy,” Samantha whined, “My feet hurt. You said I could rest.”
“I know baby. I’m sorry,” Alyssa picked her up and headed for the door. “I’ll carry you; everything is going to be just fine.” She forced back the tears. It was so hard to take Samantha out into the cold night air without a jacket. The elders were the only ones allowed to wear jackets or coats. The women and children weren't allowed outside in the winter. Therefore, there was no need for coats. Shoes were considered unnecessary and therefore prohibited until the winter months. Even then, the shoes they provided were more like slippers. Her shoes were nearly worn through from the walk through the damp woods. Alyssa knew it was one way the compound kept them away from the outside world.
The outside world was barely more than a dream to Alyssa. She remembered when her parents brought her to live at the compound. Alyssa was the same age as Samantha. The elders greeted them with smiles and hugs when they arrived. Despite the high fence that surrounded the complex of white framed buildings, it appeared to be a passive farming community. Yet a few days later they took Alyssa’s dolls away, put her in a gray cotton dress, and made her sleep with the other children away from her parents. She’d been so frightened sleeping on the pile of rugs in such a dark room next to the other children. 
Then one night her father came to take her home. They climbed through a hole he dug under the high fence and rushed across the same meadow she and Samantha passed through. But they never reached the town. The elders found them as they entered the trees. Her father fought with all his strength, but there were too many. Alyssa remembered screaming and clinging to her mother as they beat her father unconscious. The elders locked Samantha in the children’s room and took her parents to the sanctuary. She never saw her father again. Weeks went by before she was allowed to see her mother. Even then they were closely supervised in the great room of the gathering hall. All her mother could do that day was hold Alyssa and cry.
Not long after that, unspeakable things began to happen. The elders came in one night and chose a child. All the children hid beneath their covers and tried to act invisible when the men came, hoping they would not be chosen. You didn’t want to be chosen. No one could speak of what happened once they got you alone.  
Alyssa’s body trembled at the thought of Samantha, who would reach the age to be taken in only a few weeks. Soon they would come to take Samantha from her room and move her to the children’s building. Alyssa vowed she would die before she’d let that happen. She could still see the faces of the children that had been taken. Their blank expressions, dead empty eyes void of all life. They would not play and hardly ate. They never spoke again. Then, one by one, on the night they were taken, they would not return.
Lightning flashed across the sky, jolting Alyssa back to the present as she headed down the street toward the far end of town. The last two buildings on the edge of town were a rustic second hand store and a four-pump truck stop with a 24-hour diner. The note said the car was two thousand paces from the diner hidden in a barn. Samantha shivered in Alyssa’s arms. She glanced around as the diner appeared in the distance and considered stopping to warm up. 
The sound of men’s voices came from behind them. Alyssa froze as she turned slowly to follow the source of the voices. An old house with tall peaks and rounded corners sat at the far end of the block. Several men in dark coats appeared out of the shadows of the large tree in the front yard, just as a gentle rain began to fall. The Elders!
Alyssa was grateful she’d kept to the shadows so close to the buildings. Sinking further into their dark protection, Alyssa kept her back against the cold brick wall of the storefront. Moving quickly, keeping as close to the building as possible, she ducked into a doorway and glanced back toward the elders. They stood on the far sidewalk glancing around and pointing, obviously discussing where to look next.
She dashed out of the doorway, rushed to the side of the building and disappeared around the corner. Sprinting across the street in the direction of the diner, Alyssa shivered as the rain penetrated her dress with it’s cold wet touch.  Alyssa ran down the alley behind the row of homes. Just keep going, don’t stop! She told herself. This time she didn’t look back; instead she concentrated on speed. 
The jostling movement woke Samantha, and she began to whimper. “I’m getting wet!” She moaned, raising her head to see what was going on.
“Hush, hush, my darling,” Alyssa cooed. “We are going to stop soon to get warm.”
The end of the alley came quickly. Alyssa could see the diner across the narrow side street facing the main boulevard. The Elders were somewhere behind her. If they were still on Main Street, they would see her enter the diner. She hoped they had moved on. She also hoped there were enough people in the diner to keep the elders from confronting her if they hadn’t.
Alyssa forced herself to walk quickly across the street not wanting to draw attention. She shifted Samantha in her arms, opened the glass door to the diner and went inside. Samantha buried her face in her mother’s shoulder hiding from the bright light of the diner. The rush of warm air and aroma of hot food was intoxicating. Alyssa’s stomach growled as she glanced around. She was uncertain of what to do.  
A long counter with red vinyl stools ran across the far side. A row of red booths lined the windows. The diner had stark white walls and silvery metallic tables with a gray speckled floor. One solid red stripe ran around the edge of the counter. She glanced at the chubby brunette waitress who was talking to a man sitting at the nearest booth. There was a young couple in a booth at the back of the diner staring intently at each other. No one approached or even glanced in their direction. Alyssa moved slowly to a booth at the center of the diner.
“I’m thirsty,” Samantha announced, stretching her arms and allowing her mother to place her on the seat in the booth beside her.
The waitress came to their table and said, “I bet this little one would like a hot chocolate with marshmallows.”
Alyssa stared at the waitress not knowing what to say. The waitress recognized their clothing. They were from the compound. Her heart went out to the young woman who was obviously trying to escape.  She glanced out the window. They didn’t see this often, but when they did the others usually showed up right away. She added, “And a cup of coffee with cream and sugar for mommy? Perhaps a bowl of soup to warm your bones?”
“Yes,” Alyssa said softly.
The waitress disappeared behind the counter and into the kitchen. Alyssa followed her gaze out the window. It was so bright in the diner she couldn’t see any farther than the dimly lit parking lot that held the gas pumps.  A dark blue semi-truck with a large white trailer blocked the view of the street. She glanced at the man that sat in the booth near the door. He had on blue jeans and a green flannel shirt; he must be the truck driver. Their eyes met for a brief moment causing Alyssa’s heart to jump. He was beautiful. His light brown hair, and deep blue eyes were striking. He had high cheekbones and a square jaw with a cleft chin. 
Alyssa forced her eyes away from him and glanced back to the parking lot as an old tan Buick pulled in and stopped. Three men in gray shirts and black pants climbed out of the car and glanced around. Alyssa ducked down in the booth and grabbed hold of Samantha. She glanced toward the rear of the diner as the waitress returned with their drinks. Noticing the look of panic on Alyssa’s face, the waitress looked out the window at the approaching men. She motioned toward the rear of the diner and said, “Head to the back; there’s a door past the bathroom that leads to the alley. I’ll keep them busy.”  
Without another word, the waitress hurried to the front door to block the men’s view of Alyssa’s escape. The truck driver sat silently watching as Alyssa disappeared into the short back hallway. He turned slowly to gaze at the three men who entered. Casually rising, he left cash on the table, picked up the sugar dispenser and nodded at the waitress. He locked eyes with the oldest of the three men. He was tall, had dark hair speckled with gray at the temples. The truck driver flashed the man an innocent smile, pushing past him. He returned it with an icy glare. 
“No, I haven’t seen anyone like that in here tonight.” The waitress’ voice echoed behind him. 
The truck driver walked slowly to the back of the rusty Buick and flipped down the license plate at the rear of the vehicle. He emptied the sugar dispenser into the gas tank, then casually walked to his truck.
Alyssa held onto Samantha and ran across the back of the diner toward the two-lane highway that led out of town. Exhaustion made her arms and legs feel like lead. She stumbled, nearly falling. She wasn’t going to make it; she wasn’t strong enough. Oh grandma, I was such a fool to think I could do this! Her mind screamed. 
She glanced down at her daughters frightened face turned up toward hers searching for comfort. A voice inside her urged, Keep going. Don’t stop, you’re nearly there. Suddenly a burst of energy flowed through her. She didn’t stop running until she found the remnants of a small white barn sitting alone in the center of a field. The barn leaned precariously to one side. Running around to the rear through the deep mud that sucked the shoes off her feet, she sat Samantha down and pulled at the wide wooden door sliding it sideways to reveal a car hidden inside.
Alyssa smiled in relief. “We did it!” She whispered to Samantha. “Now you can rest and soon we will be safe.”
The barn smelled of straw, animal musk and manure. The scent was so strong Alyssa could almost taste it. She pulled the envelope from her pocket and found the key. Unlocking the car door, she slid behind the wheel and sat Samantha on the cold vinyl bench seat beside her.  When she closed the car door, the lights went out and Samantha gasped in fear.  
“It’s okay sweetie,” Alyssa pulled Samantha against her and opened the door to turn the light back on.
Alyssa pulled the note from her pocket and read the instructions about the car. She studied the console searching for the spot where the key should go. Finally, she found a small opening on the steering column and wiggled the key until it slid into the narrow slit. She turned the key, and the engine started. Alyssa thought her heart would burst with excitement as she wiggled the shift lever until it slipped into reverse. She pushed lightly on the gas pedal.
The car lurched backward much faster than she expected and bounced across the grassy field. Alyssa stomped on the brake with her left foot and jolted to a stop. Samantha slid from her seat onto the floor and began to cry.
“Oh baby!” Alyssa said reaching for her. She pulled her near and kissed her cheek asking, “Are you hurt?”
“No mommy,” Samantha said quietly, adding, “Just don’t do that again. Maybe you should go slower.”
Alyssa laughed and said, “Thank you; I will do my best.”
She took a deep breath and searched for the knob that turned on the headlights. When she located it, and the lights came on, she smiled at Samantha and put the car into gear. The car jerked as she struggled to move toward the highway. A dark blue semi-truck sped by as she reached the road. The truck driver smiled at the crazy driving. “Oh boy,” he whispered softly.  
Alyssa pulled gingerly out behind the truck driver and followed him down the road. His taillights disappeared in the distance as she began to pick up speed. Her spirits soared as the distance grew between them and the compound. She glanced down at Samantha, who stared out the windshield into the darkness before them. They had done it! They escaped Walton’s clutches! Samantha was safe! They were both safe and on their way to their new life!
Samantha would never have to endure the evil of the sanctuary. Tears filled Alyssa’s eyes at the thought of the other children she was forced to leave behind. She had been one of those children not so long ago. She was spared the worst of it. She was never taken to the sanctuary. She was taken to the high elder Walton instead. She gave birth to Samantha at age 15, still a child herself. She would never allow that to happen to her baby. Once she reached the safety of her grandmother’s farm; she would see to it no other child suffered at the elders’ hands again. She would find a way to rescue them.
Alyssa reached out to play with the knobs and buttons on the dash that appeared to be a heater. She slid one nob into the red zone and flipped a switch. A surge of warm musty air poured through the vents in the dash. Samantha smiled up at her and reached out to warm her hands in the gentle flow of air. Alyssa reached over and stroked Samantha’s hair. They were together and safe. Alyssa was determined to keep it that way.
However, Walton was not one to give up easily. Alyssa forced herself to stay awake and drive until the purple glow of dawn caressed the horizon in front of them. Her fingers ached from clutching the steering wheel tightly for so many hours. Luckily, Samantha fell asleep shortly after the car filled with warmth. Her tiny head lay nestled on Alyssa’s lap. Just keep driving, she told herself. She pulled the envelope from her pocket as the suns soft light filled the car. Reaching inside she pulled out her grandmother’s note. It not only listed instructions about the car, but which highways to take to reach her farm. 
It was a long journey. It would take at least 4 days to drive from northern Idaho to Indiana because they were going to drive straight south first, then turn east once she was certain they were not being followed. Walton would be extremely angry at her escape, so she had to be careful. Glancing at the note Alyssa checked the first two highways listed. She glanced up at the signs they passed to verify she was on the right road. Yes, there was a road sign. She was doing fine.  
When the sun rose higher in the sky, the car began to grow too warm. Alyssa turned down the heat and rolled down her window a tiny bit to allow the moist morning air to fill the car. Samantha rubbed her eyes and sat up glancing around.
“I’m hungry, mommy.” She said with a yawn, gazing at her expectantly.
Alyssa stretched her arms and leaned forward, trying to stretch the sore muscles in her back. She was exhausted and sleepy. A large sign up ahead said Travel Center. Alyssa pointed at the sign and said, “There is a place we can stop. It says it’s for travelers, and that’s who we are today.”
Samantha glanced at the sign and smiled. “Can I get a sweet biscuit?”
“Of course, they might even have chocolate.” Alyssa smiled and turned into the large parking area filled with cars and semi-trucks. Gas pumps sat under a tall canopy that surrounded the large main building. Alyssa glanced down at the panel on the car and noted the gauge was pointing toward the E, which must mean it was nearly empty. They would need gas. She hoped she would be able to figure out how to do it. She parked next to a row of cars in front of the diner. 
The moist concrete was so cold on Alyssa’s bare feet. She glanced down at her mud-caked toes as she pulled open the door that said No shirt, no shoes, no service and tried to control her breathing as they went inside.
The store was filled with food, clothing and a small variety of toys. Soft music rang through the store. Alyssa and Samantha gazed at everything in awe for only a moment before Samantha began to dance. “I have to go potty.” She whispered, glancing nervously around the store.
Alyssa saw a sign with a silhouette of a man and a woman that said Restrooms and headed toward them. The bathroom held so many stalls Alyssa hesitated at first, then walked quickly to the first stall and took Samantha inside. There was only one other woman in the restroom when they came out of the stall. Alyssa watched as the older woman pushed a button on the box for soap then held her hands under the faucet. Alyssa gasped, amazed as the water rushed out onto the woman’s hands. 
Following suit, she and Samantha giggled as the water appeared magically on command then stopped when they pulled their hands away. The box with paper towels did the same. Popping a towel out when they reached toward it.
A small display case of pastries was located at the back of the store. Samantha chose several and placed them in a small white box. A long row of refrigerators with glass doors held drinks and other snacks. Alyssa pulled out a small bottle of chocolate milk and handed it to Samantha. They walked down each aisle in the store amazed at the food and assortment of toys and other unknown items displayed. Finding a small shelf that held soaps and perfumes Alyssa grabbed a pair of sandals marked as discounted. Alyssa chose a couple bags of assorted nuts and cookies then headed to the cashier.  
Intent on keeping Samantha by her side Alyssa didn’t notice the truck driver from the diner standing in line in front of them until he turned around. His hair was damp, and he smelled of soap. Alyssa gazed into his deep, blue eyes and felt that same lurch in her stomach as in the diner. 
He flashed a surprised smile, adjusted several energy drinks and bottled waters in his hands. “Good Morning, ladies! It’s nice to see you again. Traveling far?”
Alyssa pulled her eyes away and glanced at the floor. “Yes,” she answered in a quiet yet annoyed tone. She forced her eyes to rise and focused on placing her items on the counter as he moved aside.
He glanced at the pretty little girl beside her, then back to Alyssa. She had dark circles under her eyes; her dress was slightly torn. Both of their clothes held stains and splashes of dirt. His gaze lingered on Alyssa’s muddy bare feet. He said, “It looks like you could use this more than me.” He handed her one of the energy drinks, “It’s not a drug. It’s full of vitamins and caffeine. It’s like having 4 cups of coffee all at once. It will keep you awake for several hours.”
Alyssa paid the cashier with cash and glanced up at him as she accepted the can of liquid. He had a very kind face. His eyes were sincere and beckoning. “Thank you,” She said in a soft tone.
“My pleasure and you might be interested in the farmers market a couple miles up the highway if you are looking for some fresh fruit.” He winked at the child, then turned and headed out the door.
Alyssa pulled the food from the counter, took hold of Samantha’s hand and followed him outside. He stopped to open one of his bottled waters just outside the door. Alyssa took a deep breath and approached him.
“Excuse me,” She began, “I’m sorry to bother you, but I’m not very mechanical, and I’ve never owned a car before.”
He turned to gaze down at her.
She added, “Could you show me how to put gas in my car?”
A huge smile crossed his face, and he chuckled softly, “My pleasure, why don’t you pull the car up next to the pump and I’ll give you a hand.”
Alyssa’s heart pounded as she slowly backed up the car and pulled in next to the gas pump. She felt like a fool inching her way backward then moving slowly toward the pump, but she didn’t dare go any faster in fear of hitting the pump. She smiled nervously at Samantha, who was perched high in her seat overseeing her mother’s progress.
“You’re doing it mommy,” She encouraged, “You’re almost there.”
She stopped the car and got out, as the truck driver moved to the back of her car. Alyssa came up beside him, followed quickly by Samantha. He offered her his hand and said, “My name is Gabe.”
Alyssa shook his hand and answered, “My name is Alyssa, and this is my daughter Samantha.”
“Nice to meet you.” He offered Samantha his hand. She grinned from ear to ear and shook it eagerly.
Gabe said, “Your tank access is here under the license plate. Just screw off the cap and choose regular gas. You can use a credit card or pay cash inside.” He showed her how to choose her options and how to use the pump. When he was done he asked, “You ladies take care, and if I were you, I’d avoid traveling at night. Two pretty ladies such as you are much safer traveling in the light of day.”
Alyssa could see the sincerity in his face. He was the first man she’d ever known other than her father who was kind and helpful without expecting something in return. “Thank you for the advice.” She answered, “You’re very kind.”
“My pleasure,” He smiled at Samantha, adding, “Take care.”

Alyssa pulled out of the Travel Center. Samantha sat beside her and ate the pastries. She offered her mother one, and then offered her the energy drink Gabe had given them saying, “You look really tired. Don’t fall asleep; this car is too big for me to drive.”
Accepting the drink, she pulled the tab and took a sip. It was sweet but tasted strange. Shortly after she forced herself to finish the drink, her hands became a bit shaky. Her thoughts felt as if they were racing as fast as her pulse. She reached over and turned the knobs on the console that appeared to control the radio. A thrilling fast-paced song rang through the car. Alyssa tapped her fingers against the steering wheel in beat with the tune.
The energy drink was as Gabe described. It kept Alyssa alert for the next few hours. The next time they stopped at a gas station, she bought sandwiches and two more energy drinks. Finally, as the sunset turned pink and orange, she pulled into a small, rural roadside hotel. Alyssa went into the office and checked in with her grandmother’s credit card. She took Samantha into the small restaurant located just off the lobby.
Samantha ate chicken nuggets shaped like dinosaurs while Alyssa dined on meatloaf and mashed potatoes. The food was spicy and salty, but it felt wonderful to have a hot meal. By the time, they reached their room Alyssa was exhausted; the energy drinks had finally worn off.  She gave Samantha a bath then took a quick shower. She used the bar of hand soap to wash their dresses and undergarments in the bathroom sink, then wrung them out and draped them over the shower bar to dry. She yawned and crawled into the bed to curl up next to Samantha, who was already under the covers fast asleep.
Her thoughts went to the road ahead and the truck driver’s words. It never occurred to her that the long trip to her grandmothers might be dangerous for a woman and child alone. She glanced at the solid white door leading into the hall then rose and pushed the small safety bar into place. She climbed back in bed, rolled over and inhaled the musty scent of the thin pillow. Regardless, nothing was going to stop her from getting Samantha to safety. They would travel only during the daylight from now on and stop only for gas and food.
Her thoughts went to her grandmother. She and her mother communicated with her for years using that Post Office Box. Her mother was the one who risked discovery and punishment by sneaking out at night once a month to fetch the letters from the post office. She never brought them back with her but always told Alyssa what they said. They spoke of her love, concern, and constant offers to help them escape, but her mother was too frightened to try again. When her mother fell ill last month, she gave Alyssa the key and told her of a weak spot in the fence. She told Alyssa where she hid her writing supplies and stamps. She told Alyssa to write to her grandmother and plan an escape. 
Alyssa could see her mother’s pale face in her mind. She’d grown weak so quickly. At first Alyssa thought; she had a bad case of the flu, but she never recovered. Her short brown hair began to fall out in clumps, and her stomach cramps became so strong they were crippling. No one ever came to check on her, not even the night she died. She and Alyssa were alone when her mother took her last breath. In her last moments, instead of fearing her death, her mother concentrated on Alyssa. She made Alyssa promise she would do everything in her power to get Samantha to her grandmother’s farm.
As soon as Alyssa promised she would escape with Samantha a calmness came over her mother. The grimace of pain left her face and her eyes glazed over. She whispered, “God has a plan for you. He will be with you on this journey.”
They never spoke of God at the compound. Punishment at the tip of a whip would happen if you dared even mention God, Jesus, or Heaven. The elders believed in other deitys whose names twisted your tongue and could only be whispered in the darkness of the candle lit sanctuary.
Alyssa stared up at the ceiling and considered her mother’s words. Her last conversation with Walton leapt into her mind. Instead of comforting her upon her mother’s death, he smiled and said, “It’s best to forget the dead. They’re part of the past and have nothing to do with your destiny. We need to concentrate on Samantha and insure she is always with us. It was revealed in the sanctuary that whoever is Samantha’s caregiver when the end of days begins will be spared from the lake of fire. She is the future; she is our destiny, and we shall never be parted.”



Chapter Two

Waking with the dawn was a daily routine at the compound. Alyssa was shocked to discover they’d slept until almost 10am. Samantha cuddled close to her mother in the night. She lay sleeping on Alyssa’s shoulder. Alyssa wrapped her arms around her and kissed Samantha’s forehead.
“Time to get up my darling.” She said giving her a hug.  
Samantha stretched, opened her eyes and smiled up at her mother. “This was the softest bed I’ve ever had.”
“Yes, it is wonderful.” Alyssa agreed, “I bet grandma’s beds will be just as soft.”
“Does she have a puppy?” Samantha frowned, as she sat up in bed.
“I’m not sure,” Alyssa, answered softly, “She always has a dog. When I was little her dog was a sweet cuddly farm dog not a guard dog like back home.”
Samantha considered her words then climbed out of bed and headed for the bathroom. A few minutes later, she appeared with their clothes. They dressed and headed to the restaurant for breakfast. 
When they entered the small dining room, Samantha broke free of her mother’s hand and rushed to a table where Gabe sat eating breakfast. He rose as Samantha reached him and offered her hand. Chuckling, Gabe shook her hand and glanced up at Alyssa as she approached.
“We keep running into each other.” He said with a smile.
Alyssa couldn’t help but smile back at him as she took Samantha’s hand. He was dressed in another flannel shirt, this time it was a deep blue to match his eyes. “Yes we do.” She agreed, uncertain how to proceed she added, “Have a nice breakfast and travel safely.”
“Thank you,” His smile softened, “Same to you.”
She led Samantha to a table across the room. It was best they didn’t get too close to anyone right now. Gabe was very kind, but she was not used to dealing with anyone outside of the compound, and it was best to keep to themselves. 
They sat down and ordered breakfast gazing out the window at the beautiful fall day. The leaves had changed to gold and red hues. Stray leaves skittered across the parking lot to land in the grassy area at the far edge of the two-story hotel. Alyssa’s eyes followed a large leaf as it danced across the parking lot.
“Mommy,” Samantha’s voice trembled when she spoke.
Alyssa reached for her and pulled her near. Samantha’s eyes were wide and full of fear. Time seemed to slow as Alyssa followed her gaze, knowing what she was going to find. Her breath left her as three men walked inside. The first man was tall and thin with graying hair at his temples. It was Walton. He wore the same light gray shirt and black trousers all the elders wore. He stopped just inside the door waiting for the others to come to his side. The second man, Maxwell, was slightly shorter but more muscular with shoulder length mousy brown hair and black eyes. The third, Orson was a very large, stout man with no hair and just enough teeth to chew soft food.
Gabe sat facing Alyssa. He saw the stricken expression on her face and turned to watch the elders walk slowly toward her. Tension filled the air. Samantha slid from the booth to hide under the table. Alyssa forced the image of Walton writhing on top of her from her mind. She wasn’t in the compound now. She was free. He could not take her if she were strong. 
Walton stopped at the edge of her table. He glared at her with open disgust. His eyes burned with anger. Alyssa felt a familiar intense fear rising up inside her. She could feel the evil emanating from him. It snaked up her nostrils. It left a metallic taste on her tongue. His very presence seemed to pull all the happiness out of the air. 
Maxwell and Orson stood behind Walton as he whispered through clenched teeth, “I thought your first little jaunt would have taught you a lesson.”
Alyssa forced herself to hold his gaze and said, “It taught me everything I needed to know.”
Walton’s smile dripped with fury, “Then you understand the price you must pay.”
A whimper came from under the table as Samantha began to cry. “Make him go away mommy!  Make him go away!”
The fear in her daughter’s voice fueled Alyssa’s ire. “Leave us alone.” She said loudly, glancing at Gabe to find he was on his feet and headed their way.
“Are these men bothering you Miss?” Gabe’s voice held a commanding air.
Walton turned his iron gaze on Gabe. He recognized Gabe from the café. He hesitated only a moment as his face screwed into a knot of anger. Walton said in a seething tone, “This woman is my wife, and that is my child. Stay out of it.”
Gabe ignored Walton, his gaze never left Alyssa. It was clear he was waiting for her to respond. She felt a sudden surge of energy rush through her. Gabe’s presence gave her hope.
“I don’t want to go with them.” She said confidently reaching under the table to take hold of Samantha’s arm and pull her gently up onto the seat.
That was all he needed to know. Gabe moved closer, standing nose to nose with Walton. His whisper dripped with venom, “You heard the lady; you can leave now, or I can help you out the door.”
Walton’s eyes flashed with challenge. Yet he turned his back on the annoying stranger and glared at Alyssa with open hostility. His face contorted in a deeper rage than Alyssa had never seen before. Maxwell and Orson stepped between Walton and Gabe. Walton growled, “Get up you little bitch. We are going home.”
Once again, time seemed to slow to a near stop as Walton reached out and took hold of Samantha’s arm. Alyssa watched in shock as Gabe flew into action. He punched Maxwell in the face breaking his nose. In one swift movement, he reached out to catch Orson in mid-lunge and tossed him to the floor. Orson jumped up as Gabe turned on Walton and grabbed him by the throat. Walton released Samantha as Gabe jerked him away from the table and threw him to the floor.
“Go!” Gabe ordered Alyssa as he turned to face Orson.
Alyssa scooped up the terrified Samantha, who buried her head in her mother’s chest. She ran out the door and raced to their car. Alyssa didn’t stop to look back at the melee; all she wanted to do was escape.
Gabe made quick work of Orson with a few select punches to his face and groin. Walton jumped on Gabe’s back before he could turn to face him. Gabe leaned forward using Walton’s momentum against him. He pulled Walton over his head and sent him reeling into a nearby empty table. Gabe stood over the elders waiting. They did not rise to face him again.
He turned to the waitress who stood near the entrance gawking at him and said, “I’m sorry for the damage. Have the manager add the cost of the table to my bill.” Gabe flashed a glance of warning at the elders then headed toward the door.
The waitress nodded blankly and stared past him at the men he left behind.
Gabe stared after Alyssa’s car as she sped off down the highway. His eyes grew dark as he glanced to the spot where her car was parked. A large oily spot stained the pavement. Her trouble wasn’t over. Moving to the only other car parked near the diner, Gabe pulled out a small pocketknife. He drove the knife deep into the two right tires. Turning back toward the diner Gabe met Walton’s glare as he stood staring out the window. Walton’s breath came in gasps as his rage swelled. He shot daggers at the unknown hero but made no move toward him. Gabe climbed into his truck and headed down the road after Alyssa.
“Find out who he is and kill him.” Walton barked to Maxwell as he headed for the door.

Samantha clung to Alyssa with an iron grip, unwilling to release her as they rushed furiously down the highway. Alyssa forced herself to drive faster and faster, terrified the elders would overcome Gabe and find them again. How could this happen? How could they have found her? Her mind raced. She gasped as she realized she was still on the same highway that led out of town. She couldn’t have been any easier to find. She had to get off this road and fast!
Alyssa wrapped her arm around Samantha and pulled her close saying, “Its okay honey, mommy won’t let Walton and the bad men get close to us again. Everything is going to be fine.”
Samantha gazed up at her through tear-filled eyes and said, “Gabe saved us, do you think he’s okay? Is he a good guy?”
“I think so, sweetie.” Alyssa whispered softly. She hoped there were more kind men like Gabe in the world.
Suddenly, Alyssa’s car began to sputter and jerk. She glanced down at the gas gauge thinking she’d forgotten to fill the tank, but it was full. The car began to slow, and the sputtering became worse. Alyssa’s heart leapt to her throat as she pulled onto the shoulder and stopped. 
Her breathing came in gasps as she fought to control her fear. She glanced in the rearview mirror. No one was behind them. Alyssa sat there staring at the steering wheel desperately willing the car to move forward. She looked down into Samantha’s big eyes and smiled weakly. They couldn’t just sit there and wait for the elders.
“I guess we are going for a walk.” She said as cheerfully as she could muster.
The air was cool, but the bright sunshine kept them warm. They walked along the side of the two-lane highway. Alyssa tried not to glance behind them too often in fear of frightening Samantha. She had no idea how much money the credit card held. Would she be able to purchase another car? Her parents brought her to the compound on a bus. She recalled changing buses in a large city before they arrived at the compound. Perhaps the card held enough money for a bus or train. How would she find them? Panic welled up inside her. Why hadn’t she been more prepared? Why hadn’t she thought to ask her grandmother to send her information on trains and buses? Why hadn’t they thought of a backup plan should something go wrong?
“Ouch! Mommy!” Samantha moaned, pulling on her mother’s hand. “You’re squeezing my hand too hard.”
Alyssa released the strong grip on her daughter’s hand, not realizing her panic extended into her fingers. “I’m sorry sweetie.”
A low hum came from behind them, and they turned to find a semi-truck coming down the highway toward them. Alyssa’s heart leapt when she recognized it was Gabe’s. He slowed when he saw them and pulled onto the shoulder just head of them. They rushed to the passenger door as he swung it open.
“Car trouble?” He asked with a knowing smile, “I noticed after you left that you were leaking oil. Did it freeze up on you?”
“I’m not sure; it jerked and sputtered, then died.” Alyssa said breathlessly, his blue eyes still made her heart pound.
“Well, climb on up,” Gabe slid back into the driver’s seat. “I’ve got a bench seat in the back for Samantha. We can talk about your options while we drive.”
Relief washed over Alyssa as they climbed into the truck and started down the highway. She glanced back into the sleeping compartment as Samantha bounced up and down on the tan bench that also served as a bed. The truck smelled like fresh pine. Alyssa looked at the gauges on the dash and found a green pine tree shaped piece of cardboard hanging from a knob on the console. 
Alyssa smiled and turned to Gabe saying, “You seem to have the knack of always being in the right place at the right time.”
Gabe grinned, concentrating on the road and answered, “Basically it’s because there’s only one main highway heading east to Nebraska from this area, and we’re on it. I’m on my way to Cleveland via Denver and St Louis. Where are you headed?”
Alyssa hesitated, should she share that information with him? She chastised herself for being paranoid and said, “Indiana, to my grandmother’s farm just outside of Muncie, near a small town called Bryant.”
“South of Fort Wayne,” Gabe answered, “I know it well.”
Alyssa gazed at his perfect skin, broad shoulders, and wavy hair. He truly was the most handsome man she had ever seen. She said, “I want to thank you for helping us. I don’t know what we would have done if you hadn’t been there.”
“I did what any man would have done, given the situation. A young lady and her child being harassed by three men is not something people in these parts will tolerate. Besides, if you had put up enough fuss and kept resisting, they would have called the Sheriff.”
“That’s good to know,” Alyssa offered unsure of how to answer his modest response.
“Do you mind if I ask what your situation is?” Gabe glanced at her.
“I left our... home to avoid abusive behavior.” She stammered.
“I understand,” He answered softly. “Your husband has a wicked temper.”
“He’s not my husband,” She answered quickly, and with more venom than she intended.
“And Samantha?” He asked.
“She is his child, but not by my choice.” Alyssa answered gazing out the window beside her.
Gabe whispered softly. “I’m so sorry.”
Alyssa said softly, “Rape is an everyday occurrence where I come from. I had to get Samantha out before it became part of her life. The compound is not safe for children. Walton is a cruel, heartless leader. He allows terrible things to happen there. I will never go back, and I will never allow him to take Samantha. When I get to my grandmother’s, I’m calling the police and telling them everything.”
Gabe’s jaw clenched as she spoke, but his voice remained calm, “You’re very brave. What will you do now?”
“My grandmother sent directions to her farm. I’ll have to find another car.” Alyssa answered with confidence.
Gabe’s expression softened, “How are you going to do that?”
Alyssa stared at him in silence. She glanced at Samantha then back to Gabe. “I don’t know.”
Gabe tried not to smile at her naiveté, “Alyssa; you have no idea what the world outside the compound is like. If you continue to travel alone, the odds are high that Walton will find you. You’re running blind with no real idea of where you’re going or how to get there. I think it’s best if you girls ride with me to Indiana. I’m headed that way.” He shot her a quick glance. “That bench converts into a bed. My seat reclines so you two can have the sleeping compartment all to yourselves.”
Alyssa turned to stare out the window.
He continued, “If you don’t mind the side trip to Denver. I can get you to your grandmothers in a few days.”
Her eyes narrowed in suspicion. She didn’t dare look at him in fear she would see the same wicked desire in his eyes Walton always showed.
Gabe looked back at the road before him and added, “I’m not asking for anything in return. You don’t owe me a thing. I’m just trying to help you and your little girl. I don’t want to see Samantha end up in Walton’s hands any more than you do. That’s no way for a child to grow up.”
Samantha stuck her head in between their seats and said, “I like this truck; there’s a kitchen back here and I like Gabe, let’s go with him.”
Alyssa tried to smile as she turned back to Samantha. Was Gabe telling the truth? Could he truly want to help them out of the kindness of his heart? She’d never known kindness from a man. Other than her father, she didn’t think any other man could be kind. Could she trust his sincerity? Would he turn on them at night when the truck was dark and quiet?
Alyssa gazed at Gabe, studying him. They couldn’t continue alone on foot.  She couldn’t risk another confrontation with Walton. She glanced at Samantha then turned to Gabe and said, “Thank you, but if we’re going to travel together you must let me pay for your gas and your meals.”
Gabe grinned at her and said, “Believe me; you don’t want to pay for the gas for this truck. But I’d be delighted if you’d buy me dinner each night.”
Chapter Three

Laughter filled the truck cab; it was a sound Alyssa did not hear often. Gabe and Samantha tossed animal sounds back and forth in a race to be a champion. Gabe seemed to have an endless supply of traveling games. They counted barns and horses, white cars, and trucks. Samantha giggled, fascinated by the variety of license plates from different states.
Samantha laughed the hardest when Gabe responded to a child in the car beside him and blew his truck’s horn. The first time he blew the horn Samantha was so surprised she fell off the bench onto the floor. After their dinner stop, Samantha settled down on the bench in the back and fell asleep as the sky began to grow dark and fill with stars. 
“You’re very good with Samantha.” Alyssa said, “She hardly noticed the passing miles. I don’t recall ever seeing her so happy.”
Gabe flashed Alyssa a brilliant smile that made her heart skip a beat. He said, “Samantha is a very smart little girl. She’s going to grow up to be an exceptional young lady.”
“She’s always been fearless in her search for knowledge.” Alyssa explained, “We’ve read every book in the compound several times including the old set of encyclopedias we found in the attic.”
Gabe’s smile vanished as he asked, “I’m surprised they allowed that.”
“They didn’t know,” Alyssa offered quietly, “I was six years old when my parents brought me to the compound. I knew the outside world. I knew there was more to life than the compound.  After my father died, my mother secretly began to educate me. She taught me to read and write in the early hours of the morning when most of the others were asleep. We did the same for Samantha.”
“Why did your parents go to the compound?” Gabe asked.
“My father was in the army. He was wounded in a transport explosion. His entire unit was killed. His face and neck were badly burned. He had a hard time adjusting to normal life. When he came home he had trouble finding a job.” Alyssa began, “The compound offered him a good salary and a house if he would live on site as the maintenance man. I remember how excited he was. He said it was a new beginning for us, out in the country with fresh air and religious people. We sold everything we owned and brought only a few personal belongings with us. When we arrived the elders were very happy to see us, the entire compound came out to greet us. Then things changed. They insisted we convert to their way of life. They took away my books and toys. When my father refused to attend their worship services, they beat him and declared the cottage was only for guests. We were forced to move into the dormitories. They took me away from my parents and forced them to work the farm. My parents were separated like the others. There were separate buildings for the children, men, and women. Only the senior elders had their own quarters.”
“Why didn’t you leave?”
“The elders wouldn’t allow it. The gates were chained and padlocked. I don’t think my parents realized until then the fence was topped with barbed wire and guards patrolled the perimeter.” Alyssa answered glancing back to make sure Samantha was still asleep. “One night we tried to escape, but we didn’t get far.” Alyssa’s voice caught in her throat. “I believe they killed my father that night. I never saw him again. My mother was never the same after that night.”
Gabe nodded and said, “Your father was a brave man. He died trying to save his family.”
“I miss him so much,” Alyssa whispered, “And my mother too.”
Gabe reached out and touched her hand. “What will you do once you reach the farm?”
“I don’t know,” Alyssa answered with a frown, “I haven’t thought that far ahead, but my grandmother says we will be safe.”
“What kind of farm is it?” Gabe said.
“She has a sharecropper who farms 300 acres of her land. Mother told me it’s a working farm. She has sheep, half a dozen pigs, chickens, a handful of dairy cows, a sheepdog and about a dozen cats.” Alyssa laughed as she spoke. “It sounds wonderful!”
Gabe chuckled and added, “The perfect place to raise a child.”
“Do you have any children?” Alyssa asked, gazing into the darkness before them.
Gabe concentrated on the dark road before them. They traveled on the same narrow two-lane highway as before. The sky twinkled through a haze of clouds. Yet the sliver of a crescent moon could not offer light to the farm fields and forests around them.
“I was not blessed with the privilege of having a child.” He said turning to gaze at her.
When their eyes met, Alyssa felt the familiar pang in her stomach. “Are you married?” She asked.
“My work is my life.” Gabe’s eyes seemed to change to a darker shade of blue as he stared at her.
The sun sank toward a horizon filled with tall evergreens and distant hills. Gabe pulled his truck into a large truck stop and said, “Why don’t you two go inside and grab us a table in the restaurant while I fill up the tank?”
When he strode into the restaurant, the waitress was at their table with glasses of water and silverware. Gabe smiled at the tall, thin waitress with curly dark hair and said, “Hi Julie, how are the kids?”
“Gabe!” Julie said with a high-pitched squeal and gave him a quick hug. “They’re doing great, Lexi’s rash has cleared up and Skylar is doing much better in school now that he has a new teacher.”
“Good to hear,” Gabe answered sliding into the booth next to Samantha. “Did Frankie find a job?”
“He did,” Julie smiled down at him, “You were right; the sporting goods store snatched him right up. He loves it, and the steady cash is really making a difference.”
“Good to here, tell him I said hello.” Gabe added glancing at Alyssa.
“So, the usual?” Julie asked poised with her pen to write his order down on her notepad.
“Yes, Ma’am.” Gabe grinned, still looking at Alyssa.
Julie turned to Alyssa and asked, “And for you two ladies?” 
Alyssa glanced at the large menu before her. There were so many pages filled with all sorts of food, many she’d never heard of before. She had no idea what to choose. Samantha climbed onto her knees and leaned over the table asking, “How about hot chocolate and soup?”
Gabe chuckled and added, “Why don’t we give the lady the pot roast dinner and Samantha a grilled cheese platter?”
Alyssa nodded anxiously at Gabe and gave the waitress a shy glance.
“Sounds good,” Julie smiled back at her, “And a hot chocolate?”
“Oh yes!” Samantha answered with a giggle, “With marshmallows?”
Alyssa laughed and said, “You don’t even know what a marshmallow is.”
“I know,” Samantha answered, “But it sounds delicious.”
The waitress disappeared, and Samantha colored on the paper placement with crayons the waitress brought. Alyssa glanced around the restaurant watching the other patrons. She was fascinated by the families eating together smiling and talking.
Gabe watched her in silence as she gazed from table to table. When she turned to look at him, she blushed realizing he was looking at her. She glanced down then forced herself to meet his gaze saying, “Everyone is smiling and having a nice time and the waitress keeps bringing so many different dishes.”
Gabe leaned back in his seat and said, “I guess the food at the compound was pretty basic?”
“Yes,” Alyssa answered, “We grew our own food. We canned or froze the fruit and vegetables for winter. We even butchered our own cattle. Everything was fresh and unseasoned. The food out here seems very salty.”
“That’s probably true, we Americans tend to over salt everything.” Gabe glanced around the room, “We’ll have to stop for dinner tomorrow at an Italian restaurant. You haven’t lived until you’ve had and Italian style salad, spaghetti and cheese garlic bread.”
It wasn’t long before Julie returned with their food. Alyssa’s mouth watered when the aroma of the pot roast reached her. She gingerly tasted the tender meat and vegetables; they melted on her tongue. Samantha dug into her grilled cheese and applesauce with eager delight. Gabe ordered Samantha a hot fudge sundae when the meal was over and excused himself while she and Alyssa sampled the scrumptious dessert.
“I’ll meet you outside, I’m going to grab a few things for the trip.” Gabe announced and disappeared into the store attached to the restaurant. 
When they were finished Alyssa looked for the waitress intending to ask her how to pay for the meal. When she didn’t appear Alyssa took Samantha to the register and said, “I need to pay our bill.”
The young man at the register glanced up at her and said, “Oh yeah, you were at Julie’s table. An older woman paid your bill, so you’re good.”
“What older woman?” Alyssa asked frowning at him.
The youth pointed behind her, and Alyssa turned around to find an older woman with dark brown hair standing near the front doors. Alyssa smiled and waved at the woman. The woman stared at her then turned and walked out the door. Alyssa she grabbed Samantha’s hand. Walking to the door, Alyssa gazed outside searching for the woman. She found her standing by a stack of propane tanks.
Alyssa came up to her and said, “Thank you for buying us dinner. Are you a friend of Gabe’s?”
The woman turned to gaze as Alyssa. Her face was blank; her gaze was hollow. She spoke is a soft monotonous tone, “Happy to help my dear. I know you think you are safe with that man. But all men want the same thing. Eventually, you will have to pay for his kindness. Prepare yourself.”
The woman turned and walked away. Alyssa stared after her. What just happened? How did that woman know she and Gabe were strangers? She glanced down at Samantha considering the woman’s words. Would she have to pay for his kindness?
Gabe appeared beside them and asked, “What are you looking at?”
“Nothing,” Alyssa answered jumping slightly, “Are you ready to go?”
Gabe glanced through the glass doors and said, “Yes, I bought you both a couple of sweatshirts and a blanket for Samantha.” 
He held out a plastic bag and Samantha took it digging inside. “Oh mommy, look!  It’s pink, and it’s so soft!”
Alyssa couldn’t smile; a cold feeling rushed through her. “That’s nice.” She answered in a hollow tone and followed Gabe to the truck.
The climbed into the truck and pulled out of the truck stop. The sky darkened into shades of blue and purple as the night sky pushed the light toward the distant horizon behind them. Samantha cuddled up with her blanket on the bench behind them and fell asleep. Alyssa glanced out the window as the last trace of the small town behind them disappeared, replaced by large evergreen trees as the landscape began to change.
The two-lane highway they travelled wove through the low hills as the road began to slope upward into the mountains. Alyssa glanced at Gabe as the last of the daylight sank behind them, casting large shadows inside the cab. Finally, she said, “Thank you for the sweatshirts. These cotton dresses don’t do much to keep you warm.”
“No problem,” Gabe replied.
“Did you know the woman who paid for our dinner?” She asked.
Gabe shot her a quick look and said, “Someone paid for our dinner?”
“Yes, the cashier pointed her out to me, but when I smiled and waved thank you she turned and walked away.” Alyssa explained.
“Strange,” Gabe shrugged, “But nice; you’ve experienced a kindness from a stranger.”
“I suppose,” Alyssa stared out the windshield.
“It’s not an everyday thing.” Gabe explained, “But it does happen. Don’t get me wrong, there are mean, nasty people in the world. Walton isn’t the only one to take advantage of people’s weakness and vulnerability. You have to be careful, but most people are kind. It’s those rare few…” Gabe stopped himself. “I’m sorry, it’s not my place to lecture you.”
Alyssa gazed at him, touched by his protective instinct. “I don’t mind.” She said softly, “It’s been a long time since any man has bothered to look out for my best interests.”
“Alyssa,” Gabe flashed brilliant smile, “You are beautiful and sweet; any man would want to protect you.”
Alyssa didn’t react as he expected. Instead her face went pale, and she turned nervously to glance at Samantha. She turned and looked out her window as if she suddenly felt like a trapped animal.
A sudden movement flashed in front of the truck. Gabe hit the brakes as they slammed into a large object. A broad antler flew across the hood of the truck, and its tip burst through the windshield. Alyssa screamed as the truck lurched over the large animal and came to a sliding stop. Samantha flew off the bench and rolled onto the floor beside Alyssa.
Gabe quickly lifted Samantha from the floor and placed her in Alyssa’s arms as she burst into tears.  He flipped a switch and the interior lights came on. He moved closer to them and asked, “Samantha, are you hurt?”
Samantha sniffled and turned to face him. She wiped the tears from her face and said, “I bumped my knee and my elbow.”
Gabe smiled and ran his hand across her knees then checked her elbow. She had some bumps and scrapes. “You’ll be just fine.” Gabe sighed and nodded at Alyssa. “You should stay in the truck with Samantha while I take a look at the damage. I think we hit a moose. It happens sometimes in this part of Wyoming.”
He turned the lights off in the cab and said, “Why don’t you take Samantha in the back and get her settled in, I have a feeling we’re going to be here for a while.” He reached under his seat, pulled out a large handgun and glanced up at Alyssa adding, “Just in case the poor creature is still alive.”
He closed the door behind him. Alyssa rose from the seat and carried Samantha into the back. It wasn’t long before a large thud came from under the truck, and a gunshot could be heard. More thumps and bumps could be heard then it went silent. 
Gabe pulled open the door and grunted as he climbed into his seat. He turned to face them saying, “The truck isn’t badly damaged. The moose is dead but unfortunately the poor creature is wedged underneath. I’ll radio for a tow truck.” 
Gabe switched off the headlights and turned on the emergency lights. When he reached for the radio Alyssa gasped seeing the blood running across his hand. “You’re hurt!”
“It’s nothing,” He said quickly, grabbing the mouthpiece.
Alyssa turned to Samantha as Gabe talked on the radio. She whispered, “Try to find a medical kit.”
When Gabe finished, he turned to look at Samantha. She was searching the small set of drawers next to the bed. When she moved to look under the bed, he said, “The first aid kit is up here in the glove compartment. But I don’t need it, I’ll be fine.”
“We are going to sit here anyway waiting for the tow truck.” Alyssa countered, “You might as well let us work on your injury. It will help us pass the time. Besides, Samantha is quite the little nurse.”
Gabe chuckled and pulled off his jacket. “How can I say no to two such determined ladies?”
Alyssa’s eyes opened wide in shock at the sight of a chunk of glass about the size of a silver dollar sticking out of his shoulder. “You need a doctor.”
“No time.” He said casually.
“Then take off your shirt.” Alyssa instructed, leaning back to give him space.
He grinned at her innocent expression and unbuttoned his shirt. She helped him slip his arm out of the shirt and examined the wound. She touched the skin around the glass surprised at how soft and smooth it was. Alyssa couldn’t help but notice his large muscular chest and arms. Her heart began to pound as she forced herself to concentrate on the shard of glass. “I’m not sure I can get the glass out without making it worse. You must be in a lot of pain; this is a serious wound.”
“I’ve had worse.” Gabe answered reaching up he dug his fingers into the wound and pulled the glass free with a grunt of pain.
Alyssa gasped in surprise. Samantha shoved a large bandage into her mother’s hand and said, “Push on it mommy!”
“Pressure on the wound.” Gabe nodded his approval and smiled through the pain. “You are a good nurse, Samantha.”
Alyssa held the bandage against the flow of blood. “You need stitches and there could be more glass in the wound.”
“The pain is subsiding.” Gabe offered, “If there was more glass it would hurt worse when you push on it.”
Alyssa looked at Samantha and said, “Grab the sheet off the bed and hand it to me, baby.”
Samantha rushed to grab the sheet and handed it quickly to her mother. Alyssa could see the concern in Samantha’s face. “It’s okay, baby.” Alyssa said in a calm soothing voice, “I need you to keep the pressure on Gabe’s wound while I tear the sheet into a bigger bandage.”
Alyssa tore the sheet into strips and wrapped them around Gabe’s shoulder. She leaned closer and closer as she wrapped his shoulder. He smelled like sweat, but the scent of soap still lingered in his hair. She reached around his back then draped the dressing around his shoulder and across his chest. Her nose brushed his cheek as she worked. Gabe turned toward her and gazed into her eyes. Alyssa froze as their eyes met. Their lips were so close; she couldn’t breathe; she couldn’t move. 
She didn’t want to move. She wanted to get lost in his deep blue eyes. She wanted to forget about the rest of the world at that moment and lean closer. Gabe held her gaze as he reached slowly up to take the bandage from her hand. She was so beautiful with her large blue eyes, perfect skin and golden hair. Her innocence was astounding given her life experiences. Gabe felt an overwhelming urge to protect her. 
He took a slow, deep breath and whispered, “That’s good.”
Alyssa’s head snapped back instantly. She snatched the bandage from his hand and tied it in a knot over the wound. Then scrambled awkwardly back into her seat. Gabe couldn’t help but smile as her cheeks filled with color.
Samantha frowned at her mother’s strange behavior and shook her head in confusion. She turned and sat back on the bed just as a wolf-like howl came from outside the truck. Gabe sat up straight. He gazed intently out the windshield.
“That sounds really close.” Alyssa said, as another deeper howl pierced the night. “That was even closer.”
Something large and dark dashed across the road in front of them. “Was that a wolf?” Alyssa gasped; a second figure dashed in front of the truck but stopped and stared at them. Its eyes flashed with a blood red gleam. Alyssa heart jumped into her throat as the red eyes seemed to focus on her. Gabe reached for the headlights, but it was gone when the lights burst to life. 
Alyssa whispered breathlessly, “That wasn’t a wolf, it stood upright. Was it a bear?”
“Bears don’t howl.” Gabe said, as he turned to meet her gaze.
Alyssa’s face lost all color. His eyes told her all she needed to know. Somehow, he knew. He knew what was out there. He knew it wasn’t a wolf or bear, just as she did. Walton’s wrath was upon them.
“Mommy, I’m scared.” Samantha whimpered from the back seat.
Gabe pulled on his shirt and jacket saying, “Get in the back and stay there. I’m going outside, whatever you do; do not open the door even if you hear my voice. I have a key; I will open it or you will stay in here until the tow truck comes.”
Alyssa’s stomach lurched with fear. The urgent tone of Gabe’s voice deeply frightened her. Yet she knew without a doubt that she would do as he requested, even if she didn’t understand why. She climbed in the back as Gabe pulled a long object out from under his seat. Alyssa assumed it was a gun. Alyssa wrapped her arms around Samantha and pulled her close. Gabe opened the door and slipped out of the truck. The cabin filled with a blast of cold air that carried the stench of rotten meat.
Alyssa recognized that smell. The elders stank of it after their monthly rituals. No women were allowed in the basement of the gathering hall where the rituals were performed. It was always the night of the ritual when Walton would come to find her. His skin and hair smelled of the same stench of the rotten death that surrounded them now.
 The howls turned quickly to snarls of attack. Animal-like screams of anger and pain filled the air around them. Thumps and thuds of something hitting the side of the truck sent Samantha into hysterical sobs as she clung to her mother. Alyssa couldn’t catch her breath as she fought the urge to run, she desperately wanted to run. Walton was outside with the elders. They brought something to help hunt them down, something terrible. It was something worse than the guard dogs. Something she’d kept hidden in her memory for a very long time. Something she never wanted to see again. 
Gabe was going to die!
Tears streamed down her face as she waited for Gabe’s screams, but they didn’t come. Only the animal sounds filled the air. The snarls and growling grew louder permeating the truck. Oh Gabe! I’m so sorry! Alyssa’s mind screamed. It was all her fault. Gabe was going to die because she allowed him to help them. She should have been stronger. She should have done this all on her own.
Suddenly the commotion stopped. Alyssa stroked Samantha’s hair and kissed her forehead. It was over. Now Walton would come and take them back. She knew she would suffer her father’s fate. She had failed. Alyssa glanced around for a weapon. She would not go without a fight.
“Get under the bed, baby.” She said, pushing Samantha to the floor. “Quickly, my darling, quickly.”
Samantha didn’t hesitate; she scurried under the bed as the truck door swung open. Alyssa snatched up the first aid kit and pulled out the small scissors. She placed herself between Samantha and the front of the cab as a bloody hand reached in and grabbed the steering wheel. A head full of light brown hair appeared before her.
It was Gabe.
He leaned over the seat but didn’t sit down. “We have to go, now. We can’t stay here.” Gabe pulled off his jacket and handed it to Alyssa. “Put this on and grab a blanket off the bed for Samantha.”
Gabe climbed out of the truck and allowed Samantha to jump on his back. Alyssa climbed down beside them and wrapped the blanket around Samantha, tucking it between her and Gabe. She turned to allow Gabe to close the truck door. When Gabe stepped into the light of the cab, she would see his clothes were torn and spotted with blood. Glancing around expecting to see the carnage scattered around them, Alyssa was shocked. The road was clear, no animal carcasses, no blood, and no sign of conflict at all. Gabe limped slightly as he headed off down the road into the darkness carrying his sheathed weapon in one hand.
Alyssa rushed to catch up with them asking, “What happened? Where are the animals?”
“They ran off.” Gabe answered quietly.
“What if they come back?” Alyssa glanced around, searching the darkness.
“We’ll be fine if we keep moving." He reached out and touched her shoulder.
She looked at the calm expression on his face and relaxed. “How far is the nearest town?”
“A road sign a while back said 10 miles. I’d say we have 3 or 4 miles left.” Gabe answered. Alyssa noticed he was carrying the long slender case he pulled out from under the seat.  
“Why didn’t you use your gun?” She asked leaning forward to gaze at his other hand, carrying the object.
Gabe adjusted Samantha on his back, and she laid her head on his shoulder. “Guns don’t work. Why is Walton so determined to get you and Samantha back? He seems very possessive, but there was no love in his eyes when he looked at either of you.”
“I don’t think Walton knows how to love anyone, but himself.” Alyssa answered. “He doesn’t care about me. He only wants Samantha.”
“Why?” Gabe asked keeping his eyes on the road before them.
Alyssa sighed; she didn’t want to tell Gabe that Walton was not in his right mind. Somehow his followers believed his stories and did as he bade them. But she did not. She glanced at Gabe and said, “He thinks Samantha is special.”
“Special? In what way?” Gabe turned to look at her.
Alyssa’s eyes fell to the ground. “What kind of animals attacked the truck?” 
Gabe fell silent. He turned to gaze as the last of the clouds disappeared and the sky filled with stars. Samantha was sound asleep on his shoulder. He stopped and turned to stare at Alyssa saying, “You know what they were.”
Alyssa’s breath caught in her throat as their eyes met. “How did you survive?” She whispered.
“They were minor demons carelessly called in a rush of desperation.” Gabe’s voice was harsh with disgust. He stopped and pulled the leather sheath off his weapon. The silver metal of the long sword shone in the darkness like a beacon of hope. “Walton sent them to see what he’s up against. Now he knows.”
“Who are you?” Alyssa gasped, gazing at the perfection of the unblemished blade.
“I’m here to help you, that’s all you need to know.”
“How much do you know?” Alyssa wouldn’t accept his answer. “You know about Walton’s plan, don’t you? He believes the apocalypse is approaching. The elders believe Samantha will receive a divine visitor that will protect her from the chaos that precedes the end of days. Walton believes anyone who has possession of Samantha will also be protected.”
Gabe shook his head and said, “Walton is insane, but he’s powerful and shouldn’t be taken lightly.  We need to find a car and get you to your grandmothers as soon as possible.”
“Who sent you to protect us?” Alyssa whispered.
Gabe squeezed Alyssa’s hand. “This is not the time or place to discuss these things, Alyssa.”
She stopped and pulled her hand from his. “I will not be dismissed like a child. I am Samantha’s mother, the only person in the world who loves her. I will not be kept in the dark. I’m not taking another step until you tell me why you are here.”
Gabe stopped and stared at her amazed at the fire in her eyes. A smile spread across his handsome face, and he said, “You’re pretty feisty. I like your spirit. I suppose you wouldn’t have gotten this far without a bit of moxie inside that shy, petite form.” He stared at her for a moment. Then he turned to glance up toward the stars. When he turned back to face her, he said, “I am here like any decent man would be, to protect you and Samantha. She is an innocent child. I will not allow her to be harmed.”
Alyssa watched his demeanor transform before her eyes into that of a warrior. He stood taller somehow. His voice took on a deep commanding tone. His expression hardened, and his eyes lit up with a spark of challenge and conviction. There was no doubt in her mind that he would protect them, no matter what the consequence. 




Chapter Four

Alyssa handed the young man at the gas station her credit card. He rang up the charge for a tank of gas and two hundred dollars for the burgundy 1976 Cutlass Supreme that sat at the side of the building. Alyssa held her breath as he swiped the card and waited for the approval. Would her grandmother’s card hold that much money?
The man smiled and handed her a receipt. He came around the counter and shook Gabe’s hand, “Good thing you arrived when you did. I was just about to close up. My boss is going to be so happy to know I sold the car. There’s a spare tire and some jump cables in the trunk. Don’t push it over fifty-five miles per hour for more than 30 minutes at a time or it will overheat. It’s also due for an oil change.” 
They headed to the car and Gabe lowered Samantha onto the back seat, covering her with a blanket. Alyssa gazed at the cutlass. It was beautiful. A small portion at the back of the roof was white; it wrapped around the rear window. The rear tires were hiked up slightly giving it sporty look. Inside the bucket seats had a burgundy fabric that was soft and warm to the touch. She climbed into the passenger seat. Gabe slid behind the wheel. The car held the smoky scent of old cigarettes. Samantha didn’t stir as Gabe turned the key of the ignition. The car started without hesitation, but the engine ran roughly. 
Gabe flashed Alyssa a smile and said, “Cross your fingers; we’ve got at least two days of hard travel to get to your grandmothers. Given the fact that we’ve lost so much time because of the moose, I think we should drive through the night. We should shoot down to Utah then head east toward Colorado. If we drive straight through we’ll reach Kansas and Missouri by tomorrow night. We can spend the night outside of St Louis, and then it’s only a half day to Indiana from there. Why don’t you try to get some sleep? I’ll wake you in the morning. Once we’re past Denver, you can drive. It’s a straight shot all the way to Kansas. You won’t have any trouble driving, and I can get some sleep.”
						********
The dark and ominous drive across the mountains in the dead of night frightened Alyssa. The twists and turns up the steep slopes sent chills through her each time she caught a glimpse of a steep cliff beside them. Gabe drove swiftly without hesitation. The snow began to fall, and the temperature dropped below zero. Alyssa shivered at the thought of trying to drive on the snow covered roads. She was grateful Gabe was behind the wheel. She leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes, trusting the road to Gabe. 
However, sleep would not come. She shifted from side to side. She leaned against the door, but it was too hard. No matter what she tried, she couldn’t fall asleep.
“The back seat might be more comfortable, if Samantha is willing to share.” Gabe offered.
Alyssa glanced at the back seat; Samantha slept soundly curled up under her soft blanket. Her little face was so calm and relaxed. The sight of her daughter sleeping safe and sound warmed Alyssa’s heart. She sighed as a bit of the stress and fear she’d lived with for so long began to slip away.
She turned around and leaned back into the seat gazing out the window into the darkness. “I know we aren’t out of danger yet, but this is the safest I’ve felt for a very long time.” She turned to gaze at Gabe, “Thank you for helping us.” 
“I don’t need your thanks, Alyssa.” Gabe said softly, his eyes meeting hers for one brief electric moment.
“What do you want?” Alyssa found herself daring to ask as her pulse quickened with dread.
“Believe it or not Alyssa, some people do just want to do the right thing.” Gabe answered, turning back to the road. “If you feel you owe me something, then offer me your friendship and we’ll call it even.”
“I’ve never been friends with a man before.” Alyssa turned and gazed back into the darkness.
“Then perhaps we should start with the basics.” He shot her a quick glance. “I’ve always been athletic. I love to compete. My favorite sport is football, because it’s a full contact sport. It places me in a position where I have to succeed or be overcome. I can use all my aggression against my opponent. My body is my weapon. It’s necessary to work in tandem with the rest of the team to triumph. I think it’s the ultimate sport.”
“We didn’t play any organized games.” Alyssa began, “When our chores were done we were allowed to play quietly in the gathering room. In the warm weather, we were allowed outside for short periods of time.”
“Tell me something good about your time at the compound.” Gabe said with soft encouragement.
“My best friend was Emily. She had long, black, hair and dark, brown, eyes. We would make puppets out of our socks. Sometimes we would play tag with the other children. No matter what happened Emily was always happy. She was always smiling. We would snuggle together on the floor mats that were our beds at night to stay warm. I pretended she was my sister. When no one was near, I would share the fairy tales my mother told me during our early morning lessons. Sometimes we would act out a fairytale with our sock puppets.” Alyssa’s face lit up as she spoke of Emily. She’d forgotten about Emily. 
Gabe drove quietly allowing her to talk. 
“I loved the fairytales. They were magical adventures in faraway lands where good always defeated evil. I shared all of them with Samantha, and I hope someday she will share them with her children.”
Gabe said, “My mentor loved to tell stories. They were filled with adventure and always had a purpose, although you might not realize it at the time. I have a good friend named Mike that lives in Alaska. He’s never had the patience for a story. Mike was always the one to rush in headfirst and asks questions later. He likes the rugged life in the wilderness. Mike lives like a pioneer, no power, living off the land. He loves it there. We served in the war together. Now, he chooses to live in Alaska because it its calm and quiet, a place where he can hide from the world and be himself. We are exact opposites. I chose to drive a truck because it gives me the freedom to roam and meet people.”
Alyssa glanced at him. “He sounds like the brooding type.” 
Gabe nodded, “He’s very intense. Mike lead us in the war, he was fearless, still is. But deep down inside he has a soft heart although few see it.  I remember once when Mike singlehandedly tore open a path down the center of a battle so one little girl to escape to safety. Then as soon as she was free he was off to wreak havoc with the enemy.” 
“You make it sound like some ancient battle between gladiators.” Alyssa smiled.
Gabe glanced at her, “I’ve learned it doesn’t matter who you’re fighting or how the feelings still the same. They want to kill you and you want to survive long enough to protect your people. Mike gets that better than anyone. For him, it’s all about winning the battle. For me, it’s about the people and how we can help them recover from the damage that’s been done.”
“Do you see him very often?” Alyssa asked. 
“I have a feeling I’ll see him soon.” Gabe answered.

						********
Walton snarled through clenched teeth, “You fool! I told you to summon the reptilian demons! Not some lesser horde of beasts, barely capable of possessing of a fully grown woman!”
“I called out to all that would answer.” Maxwell countered, holding his ground as Walton advanced across the room toward him. “We didn’t have much time.”
The elders stood around them in a circle in the center of the sanctuary. A single light shined down on the small group, leaving the rest of the room in darkness. The large, black altar, devoid of any inscription or decoration stood in the center of the circle. Maxwell glanced around at the elders smug expressions. They were enjoying this because Walton’s wrath was rarely aimed at Maxwell. He was Walton’s right hand man, and he was good at it. His broken nose and two black eyes did nothing to convince the fools around him that the stranger’s threat was real. Maxwell sneered at them in disgust. They were cowards. They would cower in horror if Walton screamed at them in the same way.
When Walton reached him, Maxwell puffed out his chest and said loudly, “They would not come. The reptilian demons are stubborn and defiant. They refused to be ordered about by a mere mortal. You should have called them yourself.”
Walton’s face was red with rage. His hot, putrid breath snaked up Maxwell’s nostrils, “You are not a true believer. If you had faith that they would come, this would be over now. You are as worthless as a woman!”
Maxwell fumed at the insult Walton spat at him, but he would not accept responsibility for this defeat. Walton was emotional and impulsive about this stupid woman and child. “This is no ordinary man. He dispatched the demons within minutes of the attack and walked away unscathed. We must resist the temptation to rush into battle with this man. We must be organized and selective in our approach.”
Walton spun and walked to the middle of the circle gazing around at the faces of his followers. His face filled with disgust. Not one of them was worthy to replace Maxwell. They were too lazy or stupid to walk by his side. Walton turned slowly back to Maxwell as his anger faded. Maxwell was right; they needed a plan. “Maxwell, organize the elders and don’t stop calling the Reptilian Demons to our aid until they respond. Do not fail me again. I will meditate today for guidance. I will ask for more powerful demons. This warrior will not survive our next assault.”

						********
Alyssa’s dreams were full of darkness and shadows. Walton’s voice kept calling to her, threatening her. She was back in the compound. Walton and the elders dragged her to the sanctuary. It was dark and smelled of rotten meat and incense. She screamed and struggled against them as they pulled her toward the altar. A single light shone down on the altar blinding her as they bound her naked body to the cold, black surface.
Walton stood over her and raised a knife high in the air... suddenly she was outside playing in the grass with Emily. They were laughing and running trying to tag the other children. Then she was up in the attic of the gathering hall listening to her mother tell one of her fairytales about a ferocious giant. A moment later she and Samantha were cowering inside a dark room hiding as Gabe fought a desperate battle against monsters with black scaly skin and red glowing eyes. She peeked out the window and saw Gabe fall under the assault. The monsters dove on top of him. She could hear him screaming in pain as blood spurted out of the pile of monsters.
Alyssa woke with a start. She glanced anxiously around the car. Gabe was driving, and Samantha was eating a sandwich in the back seat. The sun sparkled high in the sky touching her face with its warmth. Samantha reached up from the back seat and handed her a round sandwich wrapped in brightly colored wax paper. “It’s called a cheeseburger, and it’s wonderful,” Samantha explained. “There was a little box of skinny potatoes but I ate all of them, sorry.”
 Alyssa frowned as she unwrapped the greasy sandwich, and then glanced suspiciously at Gabe. He ignored her and changed lanes. Alyssa’s eyes opened wide in awe when she looked past him out the window. She sat up straight and gazed at the urban landscape filled with towering buildings of various shapes and sizes. They were on a four-lane road keeping pace with the cars and trucks around them heading deeper into the city. Alyssa couldn’t speak; her heart was pounding so hard she couldn't think. She wasn’t sure if she was excited or terrified. There were so many cars, moving so fast beside them. She glanced at Gabe; his face was calm, relaxed. He didn’t seem worried.
“We’re in Denver,” Gabe said softly. “We just missed rush hour traffic so we should make pretty good time through the city. We should make it to Salina, Kansas around dinnertime. We can stop there to eat and make St Louis by midnight.”
Alyssa watched in awe at the people in the cars around them. Who were they? Where were they going? Why were they going there? The car beside them was full of children, and a woman was driving. She was the only adult in the car. Alyssa smiled, triumphant at the sight of an independent woman with her children.
A small car zipped past them. It wove in and out of traffic then disappeared in the distance. Alyssa’s eyes opened wide. She looked at Gabe and said, “I don’t think I can drive in the middle of so many cars.”
Gabe chuckled and said, “Ok then, Samantha? Do you want to take a crack at it?”
Samantha giggled in the back seat and leaned forward. “Yes!” She declared triumphantly.
“Very funny,” Alyssa rolled her eyes, “But I’m serious, there are too many cars and we are going too fast. I don’t think I can do it.”
“Don’t worry,” Gabe glanced at her, “The traffic will die down once we are past the city. You won’t have to drive until we are out in the country.”
Alyssa sighed in relief. She looked back at Samantha, who sat staring out the window. She hoped Samantha would remember this journey as an adventure. Alyssa said, “Samantha, I can’t wait to see you running around grandma’s farm chasing the chickens and playing with the dog. The last time I was at the farm. I was 5 years old. I remember the big red barn with white trim that sat across from the house. One time, your grandpa caught a black lamb and called me over to see it. The barn smelled like hay and manure, but I went inside anyway. I wanted to pet the lamb, but I didn’t want to stay long.”
A bright smile spread across Alyssa’s face as she continued. “When you’re grandpa caught me wrinkling my nose at the smell, he let go of the lamb and swept me into his arms. He carried me over to the small fenced in area next to the barn where grandma kept the pigs and said, You haven’t smelled something stinky until you’ve smelled a pig. He was right.”

In less than an hour, they were out of the city. Gabe drove down a four-lane highway over rolling hills surrounded by fields of grass as far as the eye could see. Gabe pulled into a rest stop so they could stretch their legs before Alyssa took over driving. There was a small playground with a cement turtle and a small jungle gym. Samantha rushed over to climb on top of the turtle and play.
Gabe disappeared into the building and brought back some bottles of juice and a few bags of chips. He sat down on the wooden bench at the edge of the playground next to Alyssa and handed her a bottle of juice.
She flashed him a questioning look and said, “No energy drinks?”
Gabe grinned and said, “You don’t need one right now, and I’m planning on taking a nap. Besides, those things are wicked; I wouldn’t recommend them for daily use, only emergencies.”
“So you had an emergency the day we ran into you at the Travel Center? You bought 4 bottles.” Alyssa stared at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Not exactly,” He answered holding her gaze.
“You remember that day? You gave me two bottles?” Alyssa added.
“I bought them for you.” Gabe answered innocently.
“Really? That’s very interesting. Because I was behind you in line; you didn’t know I was standing there until you turned around.”
“I saw you and Samantha when you were shopping.” Gabe couldn’t help but break into a huge smile. She was just too adorable.
“I don’t think so; your hair was wet, and you smelled like soap. I think you just got out of those showers at the back of the building.” Alyssa was leaning forward trying to act aggressively. She was confident that he was hiding something.
“I did see you, Alyssa. I’m telling the truth.” Gabe’s smile vanished.
“Imagine that, a man actually telling the truth.” Alyssa said with a faltering smile.
“Believe it or not Alyssa, there are men in this world who value honesty and treasure their friends and family.” Gabe’s eyes filled with sadness. “Men like your father.”
Alyssa couldn’t tear her eyes away from his intense gaze. He reached out and touched her hand, startling her. She jerked it back and turned to look for Samantha. Gabe knew it was a reflex. He rose and headed for the car calling back to her. “We’ll need to get gas when we stop for lunch. I’d like to sleep…” Gabe stopped suddenly in mid-sentence and spun to face them.
Alyssa was walking across the playground after Samantha, who had chased a small dog toward the trees that lined the small picnic area. Gabe bolted across the playground. “Samantha no!” He yelled, racing past Alyssa. 
Samantha reached for the dog as she neared the trees. She turned in response to Gabe’s shout just as the dog bared his teeth and began to growl. Samantha staggered back away from the dog. A shadow moved out from under the trees and began to creep across the grass toward her.
Gabe reached her quickly. He snatched Samantha up and spun in one fluid motion turning back to sprint across the grass toward Alyssa. The dog chased after them nipping at Gabe’s heels, snarling and barking. The shadow on the grass sank back into the shade of the trees.
“Get to the car!” He shouted as he ran toward Alyssa.
Alyssa gazed at the shadows beneath the trees behind them. The wind rushed through the branches of the small trees, but the darkness beneath them did not dance in sparkles of sunlight. They remained solid. Gabe grabbed her arm as he passed her and pulled her along behind him.
Jerking open the rear door, Gabe dropped Samantha on the seat, pushed Alyssa behind him and turned to face the pursuing dog. “No!” He shouted, moving aggressively toward the dog. It froze at his command and stood snarling as Gabe opened the passenger door for Alyssa and shoved her inside.
Gabe took a menacing step toward the dog, and it ran off. He raced around the car and slid behind the wheel. Starting the engine, Gabe roared off toward the highway. A small green pickup truck exited the highway into the rest stop and headed straight for them. The truck came up quickly behind them.
“Seat belts!” Gabe ordered as they pulled onto the highway.
Alyssa leaned over the back seat to help Samantha find the seat belt and secure it. The pickup charged up behind them and crashed into the rear of the car. Alyssa flew backward and slammed into the dash. Her head hit the windshield with a crack. She collapsed unconscious onto the seat.
“Mommy!” Samantha screamed as the pickup truck crashed into them again.
“Hang on Samantha.” Gabe snapped. He knew their car couldn’t outrun the pickup. He shoved the gas pedal to the floor. A small black car suddenly roared into the grassy median from the other side of the highway. It spun sending grass and dirt flying as it turned to join the pursuit. Gabe reached over and placed his hand on Alyssa’s back; she was still breathing. 
Gabe glanced at the rearview mirror. An older man in a cowboy hat was behind the wheel of the pickup. It slammed into the rear of the car a third time. Gabe swerved the car into the right lane. He slowed down allowing the pick up to pull up beside them.  The Cutlass had a steel frame; Gabe was counting on it to handle the weight of the pickup. He slammed into the side of the truck. The driver scowled, struggling to keep control as it swerved onto the shoulder. Gabe didn’t wait; he slowed to match the pickups pace and slammed it hard in the rear side panel. The truck spun into the median as they reached an underpass slamming into the barrels that protected the concrete bridge supports with a sickening crunch of metal.
The small black car appeared to their right smashing into them. Gabe increased his speed. Alyssa slipped to the floor and began to moan. Gabe jerked the steering wheel to the right and forced the car toward the shoulder. Samantha peered over the edge of the window at the driver. It was a young woman with short blonde hair. She glared at him with a vicious scowl. 
Gabe knew he could force her from the road and into the trees. He hesitated; she was so young, it was hard to end the life of someone that young. But he had no choice.
“Hold on!” Gabe ordered and hit the brakes. He slid the cutlass behind their pursuer and shoved the accelerator to the floor swerving around to the right side of the car. He slammed into the rear right panel with his front fender. The black car began to spin. Gabe slowed and watched as the car spun across the road in front of him onto the shoulder. It hit a road sign and flipped end over end crashing into the trees. 
Gabe pulled off the road and turned to Samantha.
“Stay in the car.” Gabe ordered as he opened the door and pulled his sword out from under the front bench seat.
Samantha watched as the woman crawled from the wreckage and rose to her feet. Her hair was saturated with blood; it ran down one side of her face. She screamed in rage as Gabe approached her. She started toward him, then hesitated when she saw the sword. Gabe moved with controlled rage toward her swinging his weapon out before him.  He stopped a few paces away. His eyes narrowed at the young woman. “Come out of her!” He commanded, raising his sword.
The woman gasped and staggered backward, falling to the ground. Three shadows rushed out from underneath her and disappeared into the darkness of the forest beside them. Gabe knelt beside her. He took hold of her hand. It was cold and clammy.
Samantha watched as he leaned over and spoke to the woman. Gabe’s words of comfort were the last things she heard as she took her last breath.



Chapter Five

Samantha cradled Alyssa’s head in her lap in the backseat of the cutlass. Gabe nursed the car off the highway onto the outer road as steam began to pour from the hood. He pulled into a small gas station on the outskirts of a small town and glanced back at Samantha.
“I’m going to go inside to get some ice for your mom’s head. We’ll let the car cool down for a bit then I’ll add some water, and we’ll be on our way.” He gazed down as Alyssa and added, “Keep the doors locked and don’t open them for anyone. If your mom wakes up, tell her I’ll be right back.”
Gabe returned quickly and handed Samantha a bag of ice. Unsure what to do, she placed the bag on Alyssa’s forehead. Alyssa’s eyes flew open, and she sat up. She grabbed her head and fell back down as her vision blurred. Reaching up for Samantha, she hugged her fiercely.
“Are you okay? Where are we?” She managed through the pounding in her head.
“I’m okay,” Samantha hugged her back and handed her the bag of ice. “Gabe got this ice for you.”
Alyssa accepted the ice and placed it on the back of her head. Pain throbbed in her temples. Yet it was no match for the pain that shot across her back as she released Samantha and sat slowly up leaning against the seat. Gabe opened the rear door and gazed inside. 
“You look awful.” He said with a smile and handed her a bottle of juice and two small square packets of pills. “Take both packets of the medicine; it’s a mild pain killer.  The car overheated, but it’s cooled off enough for me to add water so we can keep moving.”
“What happened to the truck?” Alyssa asked taking the water and opening the packets of pills.
Samantha said, “It crashed. Then there was a black car with a mean lady, and it crashed too.”
Alyssa glanced at Samantha then stared at Gabe expectantly. His smile vanished. “Our pursuers are getting more aggressive. That’s why we have to keep moving. You should lie down and rest; we’ll be on our way in a few minutes.”
After swallowing the pills, Alyssa handed Samantha the water and lay back down on the seat. The car was getting cold sitting in the shade of the gas station. She laid her head back on Samantha’s lap and reached up to snuggle with her. “I love you,” She whispered, kissing her daughter’s cheek.
“I love you too, mommy. Everything is going to be okay. Gabe is very smart and brave. He’s a good driver too; you should have seen him.” Samantha answered, glancing up as Gabe slammed the hood shut. 
Gabe climbed into the car and started the engine. It sputtered and jerked then began to run. They pulled out onto the two-lane highway and headed into town. Gabe explained, “The attendant said there is a farmer’s supply store a short distance from here. We can buy a change of clothes and get you both a coat. The weather’s getting colder; there’s going to be a frost tonight.”
The farmers market was inside a large, brick building sitting just inside the city limits. The large blacktop parking lot was filled with cars and trucks. Gabe helped Alyssa out of the car. A wave of dizziness rushed over her but disappeared quickly as she clung to his arm. The interior of the store smelled of leather and animal musk. Alyssa’s head ached too much to be impressed by the assortment of harnesses, saddles and hunting supplies that filled the large store. Samantha spied the clothing and pulled Alyssa toward the racks of jeans, plaid shirts and cowboy hats. Gabe headed toward the back of the store as they searched the racks.
The variety of colors and textures thrilled Samantha. She pulled several shirts from the rack and laid them against her chest. “They have pink and blue mommy!” She gasped, finding another.
Alyssa fought against the pain in her head and back. She forced herself to reach out and pull a shirt off the rack for herself. They were listed by size, but the sizes made no sense. What was size 5/6 and 7/8? Was that age? The children’s clothing looked correct, although the 5/6 looked too small for Samantha. The woman’s clothing had the same sizes; it just didn’t’ make sense. Deciding to ignore the sizes, she found a shirt that looked right.
Taking hold of Samantha’s hand, Alyssa led her over to the skirts and pants. She pulled two suede skirts from the rack for each of them. The material looked sturdy and warm. She glanced around for Gabe. He was nowhere in sight. Noticing a closet labeled dressing room, Alyssa headed toward it. A young woman appeared beside them. Her name tag said Missy.
“Feel free to try on the clothes.” Missy instructed, pointing at the dressing room. “If they aren’t the right size, just give me a holler and I’ll bring you a different selection.”
By the time Gabe returned, Missy had Alyssa and Samantha fitted and changed. She brought them boots and took them to try on coats. Missy’s smile broadened as Gabe approached. Alyssa watched as Missy reached up and straightened her hair. She adjusted her stance and squared her shoulders in response to the handsome man standing before her. 
Gabe smiled back at her then turned to Alyssa. “Good news! I just spoke to the owner. He also owns a taxidermy business. There’s a new sporting goods store in St Louis, and he’s got a huge shipment headed that way. Only his driver is out sick.”
Alyssa stared at him with a blank expression, not understanding. 
Gabe explained, “We have a new vehicle. The truck is loaded and ready to go. We’ll leave the car here, and I can pick it up when I return the truck, after I get you settled at your grandmothers.”
“Taxidermy?” Samantha said with a frown.
Gabe grinned at her and said, “See that deer head over on the wall?”
Samantha turned and stared at the mounted deer. “Yes.”
“Once the hunter shoots a deer and harvests the meat, they take the head to a taxidermist who cleans it up so they can mount it on the wall as a trophy.” Gabe explained as much for Samantha’s benefit as Alyssa’s.
“So, the truck is filled with frozen dead animals?” Samantha wrinkled her nose.
Gabe laughed and added, “Something like that, they use them as decorations.”
“I think a picture of a rainbow would be prettier.” Samantha rolled her eyes and turned back to him.
This time Gabe paid for the purchase, and they headed around to the back of the building. The truck was a short, boxy vehicle. It reminded Alyssa of the delivery trucks that came to the compound once every few months. Gabe opened the door for the girls and said, “It’s just a day cab, but it’s got a bench seat so we can all ride comfortably.”
Gabe helped Samantha climb in then turned toward Alyssa and offered her his hand. “How are you feeling?”
“Achy,” Alyssa admitted, “My headache is better, but my back is stiff.”
Gabe helped her climb into the truck.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a white bottle of pills. “I got you these, they should help.”

						********
Walton stood alone in the darkness before the altar in the sanctuary. He placed both hands on the altar and began to chant twisted words of evil. As his chant grew in volume and intensity, his body took on the glow of a dark purple light. Walton’s throat began to itch and swell as he struggled to continue. 
Walton gagged and coughed as his voice left him. The light engulfed him and spread across the altar growing brighter. A burst of light exploded from Walton’s chest and landed in the center of the altar. Walton’s lips turned blue, and his tongue protruded from his mouth. Walton stood frozen before the altar, his eyes bulging from his head. A tall figure appeared in the light on the altar. It was a beautiful naked man with light hair, pale skin and black eyes. A pair of giant black raven’s wings sprang from his back and opened wide. 
He gazed down at Walton and smiled. He whispered, “I long to be free of human form, but it is not time.” 
Raising his hands high, he began to chant. A foul black mist sprang from his mouth as he spoke an ancient tongue. The shadows around him began to boil. The altar trembled, bursting to life as a black fire exploded around him. All manner of foul beasts crept from the fire; large and small, filling the sanctuary with their evil. 
Ceasing his chant when the room could hold no more; he lowered his hands. The fire vanished. Slowly his wings sank into the flesh on his back. He floated inside the light moving back toward Walton and vanished inside him. The spark of life did not return to Walton’s eyes.


Maxwell stood next to Orson in front of the gathering hall doors taking in the sunshine as the cold wind washed over him. Walton appeared from the gathering hall and came to stop before him. Maxwell met Walton’s gaze, surprised by his calm demeanor. Maxwell said, “We managed to slow their pace. Their vehicle is all but disabled; they won’t get much further. They are trying to cross over the Colorado border into Kansas as we speak. He is still with them.”
“I called on our Master for assistance. He has answered. He’s gathered his forces and calls more to our aid. The stranger will fall before our minions. We have only to choose the time and place.” Walton began in a calm tone, “I will not tolerate Alyssa’s betrayal. Samantha will be returned to me. Soon Alyssa will watch her hero fall. Then she will beg for the sweet mercy of death.”
 Maxwell forced himself to concentrate on Walton’s words. Something had changed. There was something different about him. All his emotion had vanished. Maxwell was encouraged. “Have you discovered who the stranger is? Where he comes from?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Walton whispered locking eyes with him, “He will die quickly beneath the wrath of the reptilian demons.”
Maxwell glanced briefly at Orson, who refused to meet his gaze. He turned back to Walton and asked, “What if he is a defender?”
Walton’s eyes flashed with warning as he whispered softly, “Why would a defender bother with a stupid little girl and her useless mother?”
“The prophesy…” Maxwell countered weakly, as the sudden chill of deep fear rushed through him.
Walton leaned closer blasting Maxwell with his foul breath, “The apocalypse has not descended. The defender will not be called until that time. This is an earthly matter.”
“Then perhaps it is time for a new strategy.” Maxwell offered, refusing to be undone by Walton’s newfound strength. “If the stranger believes himself a hero, then let us offer him a final opportunity to prove himself.”
“A battle, one that will rid us of this annoyance once and for all,” Walton agreed with an evil smile.
						********
The truck bounced and jostled them as they kept to the two-lane highway that wound through the countryside. Alyssa watched Gabe shift the gears using both feet on the three pedals before him. Samantha lay down placing her feet in Gabe’s lap and her head on her mothers. Alyssa stroked her daughter’s hair and gazed out the front window.
Clouds rolled across the deep blue sky blocking out the warmth of the sun. The wind ripped the leaves from the trees along the road with its chilling force. Alyssa used her hand to block the suns orange-pink reflection in the side mirror from shining into her eyes. Keeping to Gabe’s suggestion, they stopped only long enough to get gas or food. 
Alyssa’s mind went back to the rest stop. She knew Walton and the elders worshiped Demons but until that moment, she’d refused to believe they could be real. Alyssa refused to learn the elders’ religion. Her mother told her to shut her ears when the elders spoke of the monsters. Now she wished she’d listened. She had no idea how powerful they were. What they could do and what their limitations were. Now she needed that knowledge to keep her daughter safe. She glanced at Gabe; he was not forthcoming but perhaps he knew, surely he knew.
Alyssa decided to find out. “I don’t think I’ll be much help driving this truck. It seems very complicated.”
Gabe glanced at her, “A manual gear shift does take some time to learn. Don’t worry about it, I’m fine. Besides you’ve strained your back and shifting the gears would only aggravate it.”
“But you haven’t slept all night.” Alyssa countered, “I was supposed to drive today, so you could get some sleep, remember?”
“Truck drivers are used to traveling 24 hours or more without sleep. It’s a hazard of the trade.” Gabe flashed a tired smile, “I’m fine.”
“We should stop in Salina for the night.” Alyssa already knew the answer.
“No,” Gabe frowned, but didn’t turn to look at her.
“Why? You need to rest.”
“You know why, Alyssa.” Gabe shot her an irritated frown.
Alyssa was determined to get answers, “How do they keep finding us? What is it about staying still that helps them locate us?” 
“You do understand the old man driving the truck was not doing so of his own free will?” Gabe asked quietly. “He was being controlled by demons. The woman driving the car, and the dog were also possessed.”
“Yes,” Alyssa admitted that much made sense to her. “I’ve seen darkness in the elder’s eyes at times; a darkness that sent cold ripples of fear through me. If a demon can crawl inside you and control you, then those ripples of fear make sense.”
Gabe nodded and glanced at her, “You sensed the evil and were repelled by it. That’s an incredible gift Alyssa, a gift that could save your life one day. If you listen to it and obey your impulses when it tells you something is evil.”
“How did you know that the dog was possessed and that demons waited in the shadows of the trees?” Alyssa asked boldly.
“It’s my job to know those things.” He answered softly. “It’s my job to protect you.”
“Are you an angel?” Alyssa whispered.
“What do you know of Angels?” Gabe smiled.
“My mother’s fairytales were sometimes stories of the Archangels and how they would lead the people into Holy battles.”
“Tell me more about the fairytales your mother told.” Gabe leaned forward in his seat and stretched out his back.
“There was a tale of a young man who faced a giant in battle and defeated him with only a slingshot and a stone. When this boy grew up, he interpreted the king’s dreams. He was betrayed by his friends and thrown into a pit of lions to be killed. The lions didn’t hurt him and in the end the king realized the betrayal and threw the liars into the pit instead.” Alyssa began.
“Ouch!” Gabe laughed.
“Another story was of an old man who built an ark because a flood was coming. He saved his family and all the animals of the world.” Alyssa continued, “She had so many stories; some were sweet; others were frightening and filled with vengeance. Most of them were about hope and strength. Others were about faith and courage.”
“Alyssa,” Gabe turned to look at her, “Those aren’t fairytales. They are stories from the bible.”
“Bible?” Alyssa met his gaze then glanced down at Samantha. She smiled and said, “That makes perfect sense. Mom wouldn’t have called them bible stories in fear that I’d repeat it. Any mention of the bible would get you a wicked beating. Calling them fairytales gave me the freedom to share them with the other children. I thought I’d have so much time with her and my father once we reached the compound. I thought they would be close to me all day long, no more leaving to go to work, no more babysitters after school. She was trying to teach me more than spelling and math in that attic. I miss her so much.” 
“She was a clever woman,” Gabe admitted. “She taught you her beliefs, the history of her God, in a dark, desolate place and at great personal risk. Your mother was a brave woman. It’s clear that both of your parents went to great lengths to protect you.”
“I didn’t realize,” Alyssa whispered as tears filled her eyes. They drove in silence as a rainbow of colors appeared and faded replaced by a dark, starless night. Gabe’s yawns grew more frequent; his face was drawn and weary. Yet he maintained a pleasant patient attitude with Samantha, who sat in the seat beside him asking what each dial on the dash indicated. 
They pulled into a roadside diner next to a small gas station. Alyssa took Samantha to the bathroom and ordered sandwiches as Gabe filled up the car and headed to buy snacks and drinks for later that night.
A gust of wind shoved Samantha forward as they headed back to the truck with their dinner. Alyssa led Samantha to the driver’s door and helped her climb into the truck. She handed Samantha the bags of food and drinks and climbed into the driver’s seat. Gabe frowned as he approached the truck.  He opened the driver’s door and gazed up at Alyssa. “I thought you didn’t think you could handle the stick shift?”
Alyssa faced him boldly and held out her hand for the keys. “My back is still stiff, but the pain is much better thanks to those pills. I’ve been watching you and I think if you help me I can do it.  Besides, once we are back on the highway, we’ll be at a constant speed so I shouldn’t have to shift much, and you need to get some sleep.”
Gabe glanced past her at Samantha, who was watching him intently. He saw a glint of concern in her big blue eyes. He supposed the women at the compound were discouraged from making independent decisions. Gabe smiled at her and said, “Okay, let’s give it a shot.” He handed her the keys and climbed down, shutting the door behind him. 
Coming around to the passenger’s side, he opened the door and said, “Samantha, why don’t you take shotgun. I want to sit next to your mom in case she needs any help.”
Samantha stood up to allow Gabe to slide past her. His shoulder brushed against Alyssa’s arm as he slid next to her. Her body stiffened with the contact. Alyssa gripped her steering wheel as if it was going to fly from her hands as he settled in beside her. Gabe reached over to help Samantha fasten her seatbelt then turned back to Alyssa. He could see her knuckles turning white from the strength of her grip.
“Okay, take a deep breath.” Gabe said softly not realizing the deep calm tone of his voice made Alyssa’s heart beat even faster. “The pedal on your left is the clutch, it’s for shifting gears. You can’t move the gearshift unless you push that pedal first or you will damage the transmission. The middle pedal is the brake; the right is the gas.” Alyssa nodded her head a bit too quickly wishing the lesson was over, and they were on their way. Gabe gazed at her questioningly and then continued, “So press the clutch with your left foot and turn the key.”
Alyssa took a deep breath and mentally shook off the affect Gabe’s proximity was causing. She released her breath in a puff of air and turned the key. Gabe flashed Samantha a huge smile and said, “Here we go!” He turned back to Alyssa, “I’ll help you shift.”
He placed his hand on top of hers and showed her how to move the gearshift. Alyssa’s heart leapt at his touch. She forced herself to concentrate on his instructions as she released the clutch slowly, and the truck lurched forward. Alyssa smiled in triumph as she slowly crept toward the highway. She glanced at Samantha and flashed her smile. Samantha smiled back at her and leaned forward in her seat trying to see the road before them. 
“You’ve got it,” Gabe encouraged, “You’ll hear the engine begin to strain; that’s when you want to shift to a higher gear.”
“Yay! Mommy!” Samantha cheered as they pulled onto the two-lane highway and headed down the road.
  Alyssa noticed the I-70 sign up ahead and asked, “Should we head back to the interstate?”
“No,” Gabe answered quickly, “The fewer people we run across, the better our chances of making it to your grandmothers without another incident. Therefore, we’ll stick to the back roads as much as possible. It’ll take longer, but I think Samantha’s had enough excitement for one trip.” He turned and tickled Samantha’s stomach.
Samantha squealed with laughter. “Stop! Stop!”
Gabe chuckled then reached down and picked up the white bag of sandwiches. “Let’s eat, and then I’m going to get some rest before it gets too late.” 



Chapter Six
Samantha curled up next to Gabe and fell asleep. He snored softly beside her. Alyssa concentrated on the blur of white dashes in the middle of the road as they flew past. The new moon was dark and lifeless, its dim light paled next to the distant lights of tiny homes scattered across the rolling Kansas landscape. Soon what light was offered vanished as they approached a wooded area. Flecks of dancing light drifted through the headlights as a light snow began to fall. Reaching the top of a small hill Alyssa released the gas pedal. Something blocked the road up ahead. She struggled to down shift as the truck headed down the hill. Hitting the brakes, she came to a stop in front of a large barrier that said Road Closed. An arrow pointed to the right labeled Detour. Throwing the truck into gear, Alyssa turned to follow the arrow. It wasn’t long before she realized the detour lead her to the interstate. 
She glanced at Gabe uncertain of what to do. Not wanting to wake him or Samantha she turned onto the four-lane interstate determined to exit back to the side road as soon as possible. Instantly a dark colored car zipped past them followed by another slightly larger white car. 
As Alyssa watched; the first car swerved on the slick snowy road and began to spin. The second car slammed into the side of the first and flipped rolling onto its side. It flew off the highway and landed upside down in the center of the median. Alyssa gasped and stomped on the brakes. 
Gabe bolted upright as one hand reached for the dash, and the other took hold of Samantha to steady her. The truck fishtailed on the slippery road. They slid toward the first car as it stopped spinning and came to a halt in the center of the highway. The truck stopped mere inches from the second car. Gabe’s eyes narrowed as the car door opened, and a young man stepped out. He glanced at them then ran across the highway toward the car in the median as a pillar of smoke began to pour from the engine. 
Gabe reached out, pushed the hazard light button on the steering wheel and said, “Stay in the truck.”
He climbed over Samantha and sprinted across the highway to the second car. A child’s cries came from inside as he approached. The young man lay down on the ground beside the car and reached inside. Gabe came around to the far side where the child’s cries were loudest and knelt down to reach inside. 
Samantha released her seat belt and slid over next to Alyssa as they watched Gabe and the young man pull two children from the car. Suddenly both doors of the truck flew open, and two strange men dragged Alyssa and Samantha from the truck. Alyssa screamed, kicking and punching her abductor as they dragged her and Samantha toward the first car. Gabe placed the little boy he pulled from the car on his feet surprised that he seemed unharmed. He moved to the front seat of the car to look for the driver and found it empty. Suddenly the air filled with screams. Gabe shot to his feet. It was a trap! 
He sprinted across the grass as Alyssa and Samantha were shoved into the back seat of the dark car. It sped off as Gabe reached the pavement. Gabe veered instantly toward the truck. Climbing into the cab, he sped off after them.
Alyssa took hold of Samantha and pulled her near. The two men in the front seat didn’t speak. One turned to gaze out the rear window. Alyssa’s eyes met his and her heart froze. His eyes were as black as night. A small glimmer of blood red light emanated from their center. His hand grasped the seat as he leaned closer. Alyssa gasped; his fingers were thick, black claws.
Alyssa was filled with a sudden dread, a sense of impending doom that went much deeper than their abduction. These were more than mere men possessed by a simple demon. They were something much more. Evil emanated from these men as she’d never felt before. It was as if they’d held this evil deep inside of them for a very long time. Alyssa shrank back into the seat pulling Samantha closer as his eyes moved from hers to look out the rear window.
He spun back around leaving them in terrified silence. Samantha buried her face in her mother’s chest in silent terror. Alyssa dared to sit up straight and turn to look out the back window. A pair of headlights was bearing down on them. Gabe! Alyssa searched the seats until she found the seat belts. She cupped Samantha’s face and tilted it up to face hers.
“Gabe is coming.” She whispered in the barest of breaths. Samantha’s eyes opened wide in surprise. “Seat belt,” Alyssa added glancing toward the front seat. Samantha nodded and wiped her tears away as Alyssa buckled her seat belt. Alyssa buckled herself in then wrapped her arms around Samantha.
What would Gabe do? How could he rescue them from a speeding car? Alyssa held on tightly to Samantha.  “It’s important you do what I say as soon as I say it, no matter what happens.” She whispered.
Alyssa glanced out the rear window as Gabe’s truck roared up behind them. The driver cursed in a deep, unearthly voice, and the car leapt forward. Alyssa could see Gabe’s headlights grow smaller behind them. She released her seatbelt and let go of Samantha diving for the driver. Digging her fingernails into the back of his neck Alyssa screamed in rage. She reached up and grabbed the steering wheel as the second man took hold of her arm. The driver slammed on the brakes as the car began to swerve and head for the shoulder. Alyssa braced her foot on the back seat and shoved her body forward between the two men. She yanked at the steering wheel sending the car into a spin. The driver punched her in the face, sending her sideways into the second man who shoved her unconscious form into the back seat. As the driver struggled to gain control of the car Gabe’s truck roared up beside them. Samantha watched in awe as Gabe climbed out the driver’s window with his sword in his hand. 
The sword exploded in a white fiery glow. Gabe leapt off the truck his arms spread out wide. He flew through the dark night like a bird of prey poised for attack. He appeared to hover over them for a split second. Then he landed effortlessly on his feet on the hood of the car. With one swift movement, he drove his sword through the hood and deep into the car’s engine. The air exploded in a shower of white fire. 
The sound of grinding steel pounded Samantha’s ears. The driver slammed on the brakes. The truck disappeared from the cars headlights as it continued down the highway. Alyssa’s eyes flew open. She reached for Samantha’s seat belt and hit the release. 
“Run!” She shouted shoving Samantha toward the door as the car came to a screeching halt.  Samantha opened the door as Alyssa dove into the front seat again grabbing and punching the driver so her daughter would have time to escape. The second man jumped out of the car and reached for Samantha. Gabe dove from the hood knocking him to the pavement. Samantha stumbled backward away from them as they rolled across the highway, fists flying.
The driver punched Alyssa in the chest and throat as she struggled to keep him from leaving the car. She fell back gasping for air. Her vision blurred and he punched her again on the side of the head. She slid into the back seat. The driver bolted from the car and rushed to the aid of his friend. Samantha screamed and ran to the rear of the car as he pulled a hunting knife from his belt.
Gabe rolled off the second man and jumped to his feet as the driver reached him. Samantha glanced at the hood of the car. His sword was still firmly impaled in the engine. “Mommy!” Samantha screamed as the driver advanced on Gabe slashing at him with the knife.
Alyssa’s head was swimming. She gasped for air, clutching her throat. Samantha’s scream jarred her out of her stupor. She pulled herself up onto the seat and saw the driver’s attack. Samantha was pointing at the hood of the car. Alyssa turned to find Gabe’s sword sticking out of the hood. She glanced back to see Gabe dodge the blade only to catch the side of it across his forearm as the driver slashed upward. The second man was rising. Alyssa climbed out of the car. She rushed to the front and climbed onto the hood. She yanked at the sword, but it didn’t budge. Gabe moved his left arm into the path of the driver’s blade. Samantha screamed as it sank deep into Gabe’s forearm. 
Undaunted, Gabe twisted his arm pulling the blade from the drivers hand, leaving it impaled in his arm. Gabe slammed his fist into the drivers face and spun to face the second man, who dove into Gabe slamming him against the car. The second man pulled out a knife and plunged it downward at Gabe. Gabe grabbed his hand as the knife drove down fast toward Gabe’s chest.
Alyssa grabbed the sword with both hands and pulled with all her might. The blade wouldn’t move. Tears streamed down her face. Her hands were numb from the icy snow and cold metal of the sword. She yanked on the sword one last time. She lost her grip on the slippery hilt. She tumbled backward off the hood onto the pavement. Gabe shoved his attacker backward. Alyssa scrambled to her feet as Gabe pulled the hunting knife from his own arm and advanced on the second man.
Suddenly a blood-curdling howl came from the darkness beyond the shoulder of the road. Gabe froze; the second man flashed him a wicked smile as he backed slowly away from Gabe. The driver scrambled to his feet, ran past Alyssa and jumped in the car. Gabe glanced at Alyssa as the second man dashed for the car and jumped inside. Running to pull Alyssa away from the front of the car Gabe reached out for his sword and yanked it free with one hand. 
He grabbed hold of Alyssa and sprang away as the car sped off; leaving them standing in the middle of the interstate. The howls grew closer. Samantha rushed into her mother’s arms as the car disappeared in the distance. 
Gabe turned to Alyssa and spoke with quiet urgency. His words sent a cold chill of terror through her. “Get Samantha to the truck and keep moving. Don’t wait for me. Don’t come back, no matter what.”
She stared at him in disbelief. His jeans were ripped. She could see open wounds on his left thigh and calf. His jacket was in shreds, his shirt damp with fresh blood. “I can’t leave you!” Alyssa blurted out without thinking. He was her protector, her friend. She looked down at his left arm. Blood was running down his arm, dripping from his fingertips. “You’re hurt, you can’t fight anymore.”
“I’ll be fine.” He touched her cheek with his good hand and added, “Get Samantha to your grandmothers. Don’t stop until you are there.”
With that, he spun and ran to the edge of the road. The shadows under the trees silently disappeared into a black void as if the little light left from the distant street lamp was suddenly sucked from existence. Alyssa grabbed Samantha’s hand and ran down the center of the highway in the direction the truck was facing. She glanced around suddenly realizing no cars or trucks had passed them on either side of the highway. They were completely alone. 
Alyssa looked back at Gabe. His sword burst to life as a white flame encompassed the blade. He slowly advanced on the darkness under the trees. Picking up Samantha, Alyssa sprinted toward the small red taillights of the truck. It seemed like an eternity before they reached it. The snow was coming down in large flakes saturating their clothing. The truck was tangled in the cable barrier that ran down the center of the median. The engine was still running. Shivering uncontrollably, Alyssa gasped for air. She ran across the snow-covered grass of the median, yanked open the door and lifted Samantha inside then climbed in after her.
“Fasten your seatbelt,” She ordered Samantha.
“Mommy, we can’t leave Gabe!” Samantha pleaded as she pulled on her coat and buckled her seat belt.
“We’re not going to leave him. Lock your door.” Alyssa said pushing on the clutch and shoving the truck into reverse. She wasn’t going to let Gabe die for them. This wasn’t his fight.
The transmission screamed as she forced the truck into gear. Turning the truck around, Alyssa headed back down the middle of the highway toward Gabe. She breathed deeply trying to slow her pulse and steady her nerves. As they neared, she could see Gabe’s sword flashing in the darkness. Alyssa could just make out Gabe’s form fighting viciously with nearly a dozen large dark forms that stood more than a foot taller than Gabe. 
They looked to be large reptiles that stood up on their hind legs. Their short, stout legs were bent under a broad torso covered in a thick, black scale like, armor. Their muscular arms ended in razor sharp claws that held what appeared to be machetes since they were not quite long enough to be swords.
Alyssa didn’t care what they were. She wasn’t going to let them kill Gabe. She floored the truck and headed for the middle of the largest group trying to encircle Gabe. Gabe glanced at the headlights and dove out of the way as Alyssa plowed through the pack of demons crushing several and sending three others flying into the cold dark night.
Slamming on the brakes, Alyssa spun the steering wheel and sent the truck into a spin. Don’t roll over! She pleaded. Surprisingly the truck spun completely around on the slick pavement to face the battle. Grinding the gears she struggled to down shift and the truck leapt forward back toward Gabe. Gabe jumped up from the pavement and rushed toward three of the reptilian demons. Gabe quickly severed the head of the first and advanced on the second. His sword flashed with the precision of a surgeon cutting off its arm and sending its machete flying. Several more rushed forward as Alyssa surged toward them with the truck. Gabe walked through the group of demon reptiles slicing limbs as if they were butter. Alyssa slammed into the group once more barely missing Gabe as he dove to the side. This time she stopped and pulled the emergency brake, ordering Samantha, “Stay in the car!” Reaching under the seat, Alyssa pulled out Gabe’s handgun; she jumped out of the truck and ran toward Gabe holding the gun out in front of her. A demon rushed toward her, and she pulled the trigger. Nothing happened.
“No!” Gabe shouted from behind the demon.
Alyssa stumbled backward as the demon advanced. Its blood red eyes promised her a swift death. It snarled and bared a mouthful of razor sharp teeth. Alyssa screamed and fell backward at it reached her. The demon stopped to tower over, saliva dripped from its maw as it reached for her. She could smell the stench of rotting death from its breath. 
Suddenly a burst of fire broke through its chest as Gabe’s sword appeared through its armor. Gabe pulled the sword free and shoved the demon aside with his foot. He reached down and pulled Alyssa to her feet. “Run!” He growled and shoved her toward the truck. He spun and thrust his sword into the stomach of the nearest demon, then turned and raced after Alyssa. 


 
Chapter Seven
Alyssa sped down the interstate as fast as she dared. Gabe’s head was on her lap. His breathing was shallow and ragged. Samantha opened the glove box and pulled out a small first aid kit. She opened it and showed the interior to Alyssa. “Good girl,” Alyssa said, “See that little packet? I think that’s disinfectant like the kits at the compound. Can you open it and clean the wound on his arm?”
Samantha frowned at Gabe’s bloody arm that hung out over the edge of the seat. “It’s pretty messy, but I think I can clean it. Will it hurt?”
“It might sting a bit, but he’s sound asleep, I don’t think he’ll notice.” Alyssa glanced down at Gabe. The light from the glove box lit up the interior with a pale glow. Gabe’s face was white as a sheet and his cheek caked with blood. Alyssa reached down and gently brushed a stray lock of hair from his eyes.
Samantha opened the packet and sat on the floor in the narrow space in front of Gabe. She gingerly peeled back his sleeve. “Mommy there’s too much blood and not enough light, I can’t see the ouchy.”
“Look in the bag Gabe bought at the gas station. There may be a bottle of water in there. You can use that to wash his arm. You can use my dress as a rag.” Alyssa said as she turned on the cab light.
Samantha found the water. Then pulled Alyssa’s dress out of another bag and gently cleaned Gabe’s wounds under her mother’s instruction. Alyssa didn’t dare pull over for even a moment in fear more demons would appear. More cars began to appear on the highway as they drove. She considered that a good sign. Samantha tore open some gauze pads she found in the first aid kit and laid them on the worst of Gabe’s wounds on his arm, leg and what she could reach on his chest and stomach.
Once she’d finished seeing to Gabe, Samantha made a bed on the floor with Alyssa’s coat, curled up and fell asleep. Alyssa yawned and wiggled her fingers to get the circulation going. She glanced down at the bag from the gas station that sat on the floor in front of Gabe. Pulling it up onto the dash, she reached inside and found a small bottle of the same energy drink Gabe offered her when they first met. She drank it quickly then reached out and turned on the radio.
A soft lilting tune filled the truck. Alyssa turned the knob. She found an upbeat song with a country twang she thought would help keep her awake until the drink kicked in.
Gabe opened his eyes and grunted as he sat up. “Where are we?” He asked examining the Band-Aids on his arm.
“We passed Salina two hours ago. The last sign said 45 miles to Kansas City.” Alyssa answered. 
“Kansas City’s got a pretty complicated interstate system. Do you want me to drive?” He asked carefully placing his feet on the floor beside Samantha.
His shoulder brushed against Alyssa’s, and she jumped. Wiggling in her seat and stretching one arm to mask her reaction, Alyssa said, “its 2 o’clock in the morning, do you think there will be much traffic?”
“Hopefully not, but it only takes one bad driver…” Gabe chose his words carefully, not wanting to voice his concern of another attack.
“How do they keep finding us?” Alyssa asked.
He glanced at her pale features in the dim light from the dash. Her large doe eyes were focused on the road, but her hands were gripping the steering wheel with vengeance. She was frightened more than she wanted to let on.
Gabe glanced down to insure Samantha was asleep, then explained, “Approximately twenty-five percent of the population are possessed. Demons are connected by a type of psychic network. One possessed person is all it takes to alert the entire population if they find us. That’s why we are only stopping for gas; the more people who see us, the higher our chances of detection.” 
Alyssa shot him a puzzled look. “You’re saying one out of every four people is possessed? That’s crazy!” 
Gabe sighed, “I know it sounds like a lot, but not all demons are like those you’ve seen today. Some are very weak and simply occupy a host for companionship. They cause mild problems for the host such as headaches, depression, or sleeplessness. Most people have no idea a demon is living inside them. Other demons are more powerful. They cause evil thoughts, severe illness or some sort of psychosis. It’s even possible for several demons to inhabit one person without a visible hint to others. That’s why your gift of detecting evil in others is so valuable. You can feel the evil when most people can’t. ”
“How is that possible for a demon to jump inside someone?” Alyssa gasped.
Gabe glanced out the window as they passed another road sign and the lights of Kansas City appeared in the distance. “Demons can’t just jump inside you. The victims have to be open to the possession. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying they are willingly looking to be possessed or willingly allowing the possession, but they aren’t protecting themselves from it either. Their belief in demons or lack of belief in a greater good can leave them open to possession, or worse. It can leave their loved ones open as well.”
Alyssa frowned at him and pulled over on the shoulder. “If you are sure you can drive, I could use a break. I’m hungry. It’s been a long day and my fingers are cramping from driving.”
“So you understand what I’m saying about protecting yourself from a demon?” Gabe asked.
“I’m not really interested.” Alyssa added.
“Faith can protect you from many things.” Gabe added then climbed over Samantha and hopped out of the truck.
Alyssa slid over to the far side of the seat careful not to step on Samantha. She reached down, pulled Samantha off the floor and cradled her. 
Gabe opened the driver’s door and climbed in. Pulling off his shredded jacket, he tossed it behind the seat. Alyssa’s heart beat faster. His muscular shoulders and upper arms shone through his torn shirt. She quickly glanced down at Samantha and shifted her slightly on her lap. Gabe reached down, picked up Alyssa’s coat off the floor and draped it over Samantha’s legs.
“Why don’t you try to get some sleep?” He offered.
“I just took one of your energy drinks.” She smiled at him. Her eyes sparkled in the dim light. This time it was Gabe’s pulse that quickened. “If you can get us through the city, I’ll drive after that. You need to get some rest. You’re hurt, and the two hour nap you just took isn’t enough.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Gabe grinned and threw the truck into gear. “If we keep up this pace, we should be in St Louis by morning.”
They pulled back out onto the highway and used the bypass to stay on the outskirts of Kansas City. 
From there, Alyssa drove until they reached a rural town on the outskirts of St Louis and pulled into a Walmart. She left Gabe and Samantha asleep in the truck and ran inside to buy bandages and a change of clothes for Gabe. She also bought a box of doughnuts, juice and fresh fruit from the grocery area. When she returned, Gabe and Samantha were awake waiting for her.
Gabe jumped out of the truck when he saw her coming and went to meet her. “Next time, give me a heads up if you want to stop.” He said quietly taking the bags from her hands and escorting her to the truck. “We aren’t out of danger. It’s not safe for you to go off on your own. We need to stay together even if it’s a deserted area.”
“Your clothes are a mess. If you don’t change, you’re going to get a lot of questions when you make this delivery.” Alyssa smiled knowingly at him. “Besides, the store was empty. The only people I saw were the employees and no one gave me a second glance. I thought this was the best place to stop before we got too close to the city.”
Gabe glanced in the bags and asked, “You bought me clothes?”
“Yes and some antibiotic ointment for your wounds.” She added as he opened the door and helped her climb inside the truck.
“I’m fine, I just needed some rest.” Gabe answered climbing in behind her and starting the truck. Alyssa took the bags from him and dug inside for his new shirt.
She glanced up at him and said, “Take off your shirt, and we’ll change your bandages before you put on the new one.”
Gabe looked around the parking lot; it was empty. “Okay,” he answered pulling off his tattered shirt.
Alyssa forced herself to concentrate on the bandage and dried blood. She pulled a packet of disposable wipes from the grocery bag and started cleaning the blood from his muscular chest. His skin was soft and taunt over his lean frame. Alyssa couldn’t help but admire the six-pack on his abdomen as she worked. 
Samantha dug in the bag and pulled out the larger bandages Alyssa had bought. Alyssa gingerly pulled off the series of band aids Samantha left on the gash across his chest and stared in amazement. The wound was gone. She flashed Gabe a questioning look.
“I’m a fast healer.” Gabe shrugged and reached for the bag Samantha was holding.
Alyssa grabbed his left arm and tore off the bandages over the knife injury. Again, no hint of a wound, not even a hint of a scar. “Who are you?” She demanded, releasing his arm. 
“He’s an angel.” Samantha offered proudly. “Only angels can fight demons.” 
Gabe grinned at Samantha and said, “So you believe in angels too?”
He reached in the bag and pulled out the red and black flannel shirt Alyssa bought for him and put it on. Alyssa snatched the bag from Samantha, yanked his jeans out and thrust them at him. “We will turn our backs so you can change your pants.”
 She reached out for Samantha and spun her around to face the window. Gabe did as she asked and pulled off his torn and bloody jeans. He tossed them behind the seat with his shirt and pulled on his new pants. Despite her anger at his reaction to Samantha’s suggestion that he was an angel, Alyssa resisted the urge to glance in his direction. Instead, she allowed her anger to build. How dare he take advantage of her confidence? He was using Walton’s insane belief that Samantha would receive a divine protector to grow closer to her. Little did he know, Samantha was unaware of the prophesy. Alyssa was not going to allow otherwise.
It was insane to believe that some mystical God would send a divine protector for Samantha when she knew nothing of Him and never worshipped Him. Alyssa did everything in her power to keep Samantha away from the compounds demon worship. She would not even allow her mother to teach Samantha about Christianity for fear it would give credence to the demon beliefs. The only way she knew how to keep Samantha from believing in demons was to teach her there was no after life, no divinity, no Hell and therefore no demons.
Alyssa sighed, recalling how her mother still managed to teach them both about the bible without their knowledge. She smiled; he mother was stronger than she ever imagined. Now that the demons appeared, Alyssa dreaded the moment Samantha would begin to question all that Alyssa had taught her. Her mother’s deception was well meant, but Gabe was not family and had no right to interfere.
“Okay, let’s get going.” Gabe said after he zipped up his pants and pulled his boots back on. “The warehouse is open 24 hours so it’s shouldn’t take too long to unload.”
“Let’s just get it over with so I can get Samantha to my grandmothers and you can be on your way.” Alyssa snapped.
Gabe frowned at her. She ignored his stare and buckled Samantha into the seat near the window staying between them adding, “And I’d appreciate it if you would not encourage her overactive imagination. I don’t believe in angels or Heaven so I would appreciate it if you would not discuss it with her.”
“Then how do you explain the demons? You can’t have Hell without Heaven.” Gabe asked casually as he shifted into reverse.
“I don’t know,” Alyssa admitted abruptly, “They looked more like lizards than demons. Perhaps they are some mutant race Walton kept hidden until now. Who knows, he’s a very secretive and crazy person. But he’s also very smart.” Alyssa didn’t know why she was arguing with him about demons. She did believe they were real. But that didn’t mean Heaven was.
Gabe backed out of the parking spot and turned to head to the highway. “I won’t argue the fact he is crazy. As for the rest, you know perfectly well…”
“This discussion is over,” Alyssa declared sharply. “I don’t want Samantha’s head filled with nonsense. I don’t believe there are mysterious forces at work in the universe. I don’t believe in fate or destiny. We exist; that’s it. There is nothing fancy about our existence. There is no mystery as to why we are here. We simply exist because of biology and evolution. I have seen nothing that would lead me to believe otherwise. There has been no point in my life where I have witnessed any sign whatsoever of a loving and peaceful entity guiding or protecting me. There was no one there to comfort me when my family was held against their will.  There was no one there to comfort me when my father was beaten, taken from me, and likely killed. There was no one there to comfort me every night Walton raped me. Where was this God of yours then? I’ll tell you where. He was, nowhere, because He doesn’t exist.” Alyssa’s eyes filled with tears. She glanced past Samantha out the window so Gabe wouldn’t see.
Gabe’s face screwed up into a tight knot. He gripped the steering wheel hard and scowled at the road. “How can you sit there and deny everything that’s been happening?” He began slowly keeping his voice low and calm. “Are you really that naive? You have no idea what’s really happening or why. I understand why you chose the path you’ve taken. However, that path has fallen out from under you. You are hanging by a thread, dangling from the walkway above a fiery storm. You’re ignoring the hand that’s reaching out to pull you onto solid ground. If you continue, you’re going to fall, and it’s a real possibility you’re going to take Samantha with you.”
Alyssa turned to stare at Gabe. “What?”
Gabe turned to meet her gaze. “There’s no middle ground in this.” He turned back to the highway, and they drove to the warehouse in silence.
Gabe backed up to the dock of the large stone building. It sat alone in a field at the far edge of the small outlet mall that held the sporting goods store. Gabe opened the door and called over his shoulder as he climbed out, “Stay in the truck. This won’t take long.”
He jumped up onto the cement dock and walked inside the open docking bay. Alyssa watched him disappear inside through the side mirror. Samantha wiggled in her seat and handed Alyssa a banana peel. “I have to go to the bathroom.” She announced unbuckling her seat belt. “Do you think they have one here?”
“Can you wait until Gabe is done unloading the truck?” Alyssa asked glancing in the mirror again. The dock was empty, not a soul was in sight. Alyssa didn’t treasure the idea of climbing out of the truck without Gabe’s presence.
“I can’t hold it mommy!” Samantha began to whine, “I really have to go!” 
Alyssa sighed and glanced in the mirror again. “Okay, stay close to me and don’t talk to anyone.” She said unbuckling her seat belt and reaching over Samantha to open the door.
They took the set of cement steps that led up to the dock area. Alyssa and Samantha moved deeper into the dock toward an open door that led down a hallway. They didn’t have to go far before discovering a set of bathroom doors. Alyssa released a sigh of relief and took Samantha inside. The olive green bathroom walls were bare. Three stalls sat across from the two sinks attached to the wall. The first stall was occupied. Alyssa took the second and motioned for Samantha to take the larger stall on the end.
Finishing quickly, Alyssa emerged as a young woman came out of the first stall and walked up to the sink next to hers. They finished washing their hands at the same moment. Alyssa stepped back from the sink and glanced at Samantha’s stall. The young woman began to check her make-up and fluff her short red hair. She turned to leave, then stopped and spun back to face Alyssa.
Alyssa’s breath caught in her throat as the woman’s dark brown eyes met hers. A cold chill ran through her as the woman flashed Alyssa an empty smile and said, “Do you really think that guy is going to protect you forever?”
Without another word, the woman turned and left. Alyssa stood staring at the door as it closed behind her. Samantha flushed the toilet and walked slowly out of the stall to the sink. She washed her hands and pulled a paper towel from the dispenser. Glancing up at her mother, she frowned when she saw Alyssa’s startled expression. “Mommy?” She asked reaching out and taking hold of her hand.
Alyssa jumped at Samantha’s touch and glanced quickly down at her daughter. “Let’s get back to the truck.” She said quickly and pulled Samantha toward the door.
Gabe and another man were raising the door on the back of the truck as Alyssa and Samantha appeared from the hallway. Alyssa held her breath expecting a huge pile of mangled animals tossed throughout the truck from her rough treatment last night. She was rewarded with a neat pile of wooden crates of various sizes that appeared undisturbed. Alyssa rolled her eyes at her own stupidity; of course, the animals would be in crates.
Gabe shot her a questioning glance, and she quickly led Samantha back to the truck and climbed inside. Gabe returned a few minutes later. “We got a sweet little paycheck for all our troubles.” Gabe flashed a brilliant smile, which quickly disappeared when their eyes met. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, everything is okay, but I think we should get moving.” Alyssa answered calmly, glancing away from him.
That was all Gabe needed to hear. He started the truck and quickly pulled away from the dock. Alyssa sat and stared out the window absentmindedly holding her daughters hand. She'd placed Samantha between her and Gabe intentionally. She needed space and time to think. Luckily, Gabe didn't quiz her about what happened at the warehouse. Alyssa supposed he was not pushing for details because he figured she must have noticed something unusual. He had no idea that someone had actually approached her, let alone spoke to her.
The woman’s words echoed in her thoughts. Gabe had been protecting them. She’d come to rely on his protection. Yet he never mentioned anything beyond getting her to her grandmothers. As if reaching her grandmother's farm was like crossing the finish line in a race, everything would be over. Alyssa chastised herself; she should have taken the demons more seriously. She was foolish to think she could simply take Samantha and disappear once she was free of Walton's grasp.
Whatever power Walton held over these creatures, she was going to have to face the fact that Walton was not going to stop. A sudden flash of realization rushed through her petite frame. Whatever protection the farm offered, she couldn’t hide out there forever. Gabe was right, she chose the wrong path.
Instead of running from Walton, she should have killed him in his sleep! Alyssa gasped and instinctively pulled her hand away from Samantha. What was she thinking? She could never kill anyone. Not even Walton.
Gabe shot a questioning glance in Alyssa's direction. She brushed her hair from her face and turned her head further toward the window. He must have heard her gasp. Her thoughts turned quickly to Gabe's intense blue eyes and muscular arms. She took a deep breath and pushed them away. Why is he here? What is he doing? He must know that these so-called demons weren't going to disappear just because they reached a small farm in central Indiana. Why was he acting as if it would? What was he hiding? What else did he know that he wasn't telling her? Alyssa slowly turned to stare at Gabe. He instantly turned to face her.
"Are you alright, Alyssa?" He asked softly. 
The concern in his eyes seemed to intensify their sapphire hue. Alyssa found herself wishing she could forget the world and become lost in his gaze. She tore her eyes from his and glanced at the floor. "I'm just tired, that's all. I'm not used to all this excitement."
Gabe turned back to the road without further comment. Samantha leaned against her mother and said, "What is the name of grandma's dog? Will it let me play with it? Is it a girl or a boy? I hope it’s a girl so she’ll have puppies."
Alyssa smiled at her and wrapped her arms around her, "Bo, every dog grandma has ever owned has been named Bo."
"That's funny!" Samantha giggled and snuggled against her.
Alyssa laughed and added, "I remember when I was a little younger than you, one day her dog Bo was suddenly a puppy. I thought grandma gave her a bath, and she must have shrunk."
Gabe chuckled as Samantha's laughter filled the small truck cab.
The drive through St Louis was uneventful. They stopped for gas without incident. Alyssa made a point of keeping as much distance from strangers as possible. When they reached the outskirts of Indianapolis Gabe pulled off the highway onto the outer road. "There's a branch of my bank here. I want to cash this check. We could use some ready cash instead of having to rely on your grandmother’s credit card. And we can get some lunch." He explained.
 Samantha was fast asleep leaning against Alyssa when they pulled into the parking lot. The truck was too large to pull into the drive through. Gabe backed into a parking spot and headed inside. Alyssa locked the doors as he left and watched him walk across the parking lot.
What was it about him that made her heart race each time their eyes met? Was it simply the fact that he was kind and brave? It made sense to Alyssa that she would be attracted to a kind man since all the men in her life since her father’s passing had been so mean and full or anger. However, Gabe was nothing like her father. Yes, he was a soldier, but her father was not a warrior. He was a mechanic stationed overseas. He was wounded when his transport drove over a landmine. He'd never been in battle.
Gabe was some sort of warrior. He was made to fight these monsters. Perhaps that was why he was here, why he knew how to fight them. There was so much about the world Alyssa didn't know. Her only reference to the outside world was through the memories of a little girl and the pages of some old encyclopedias. Why didn't she remember any mention of demons in those books? Why hadn't her mother warned her of Walton's monsters instead of filling her head with bible stories?
Suddenly a knock came on her window, and Alyssa jolted out of her thoughts. She turned slowly to meet the gaze of an old woman dressed in ragged, filthy clothes. Her face and hands were covered in grime. She flashed Alyssa a toothless smile and stepped back from the door. Alyssa glanced at the bank; there was no sign of Gabe. The same cold chill ran through her as before. She knew she should ignore her and honk for horn for Gabe. Instead, she rolled the window down a tiny bit and stared at the old woman.
The woman’s words were slurred and her voice guttural and raspy, "If you come with me now, all is forgiven. Everything will be as it once was. There is no further need for violence or pain."
"Go away!" Alyssa snapped rolling the window back up and checking to make sure the door was locked.
The woman moved closer and spoke louder through the closed window, "Your hero will not survive the wrath that is coming. Deny me now, and you are choosing death. No one will be spared."
Gabe darted past the front of the truck. He slammed into the woman pushing her behind the truck out of Alyssa's line of sight. The old woman's screeches rang across the parking lot. Alyssa glanced at the bank, but no one appeared. Cars drove past them on the road without slowing to gaze at the battle Alyssa could only imagine was taking place behind the truck.
Then there was silence. Gabe pulled open the door and climbed into the truck. He started the engine and raced back toward the highway. Alyssa glanced at the rearview mirror as they pulled away. There was no sign of the old woman. "What did you do to her?" Alyssa turned to ask, frowning down at Samantha, who was still sleeping soundly. “Where did she go? Why didn’t anyone notice?”
Gabe concentrated on the road, “Mortals don’t see divine interactions for their own protection. I allowed the demon to escape for the old woman’s sake." Gabe snapped, "They’re growing bold, approaching you in broad daylight. What did she say?"
Alyssa placed her hand over Samantha's ear "This one said we were all going to die if I didn't go with her. If I did return, she said Walton would forgive me. Another one approached us in the bathroom of the warehouse. She said that you couldn't protect us forever."
Gabe merged into the traffic on the interstate and headed for the bypass around Indianapolis. He clenched his jaw. His eyes narrowed as he scanned the traffic around them. Taking a deep breath, he released it and said, "I won't leave you until the danger has passed." He turned toward her and their eyes locked, "You have my word. No matter what happens, no matter how long it takes I will not leave you until Walton is gone.”
Alyssa's stomach leapt at his words. Her heart pounded in her chest. “What did she mean when she said a wrath is coming?" She forced the words. “I thought you said we’d be safe at the farm?”
Gabe turned back to the road and said, "Situations like this can escalate to the point of... conflict." Gabe chose his words carefully, "When someone like Walton falls under the influence of a powerful demon bad things begin to happen. You and your family were caught in his path. You weren't the first family, but it's up to me now to make sure you are the last. Your grandmother’s farm is the safest place for you and Samantha to be right now."
Finally, Gabe was opening up and telling her the truth. Encouraged, she asked, "Is the prophesy true about Samantha? Is Walton, right? Have you come to protect her from the horrors that precede the end of days?"
 "Alyssa," Gabe glanced at her, "All children will be taken up when Revelation begins. Samantha won't need a protector. Samantha has nothing to fear. Walton will be powerless when Revelation begins. There is some truth to the prophesy, but it has nothing to do with Samantha. Walton has chosen the wrong child."
All breath left her. Alyssa stared down at her little girl. It was too much to absorb. There were comfort and horror in Gabe's words. For the first time, Alyssa dared to believe there might be an afterlife for Samantha's sake. If Walton believed Samantha was his salvation and discovered he was wrong, his anger would be insatiable and devastating.
 "Gabe," Alyssa whispered, "Can you stop Walton?"
Gabe turned one more time to meet her gaze, "Yes, but I may need some help from my friends."



Chapter Eight

They headed deep into the low rolling landscape of Indiana. Gabe and Samantha counted the sheep on farm after farm. Then they chose to search for the scattering of cows and old Victorian farmhouses, then red and white barns. Many of the farms were run down and weather beaten from time and the economy. Her grandmother’s farm followed that path. They pulled into a wide courtyard that circled past the white two-story farmhouse toward the chicken coop. Next to the coop sat a small enclosure housing a few large black and white pigs. The drive ended in front of a large rickety red barn with white trim. The peak of the barn bore the numbers 1904 in faded white paint.
An old pale blue pickup truck sat in front of a small-detached garage situated between the house and the chicken coop. The wind whipped around the barn and rushed into the cab of the truck as they opened the doors and climbed out. A large multi-colored shepherd bounded off the porch and headed happily toward them. The front door flew open, and Alyssa's grandmother appeared followed by a tall, lanky, dark haired man.
Alyssa’s grandmother was short and plump. She wore a paisley pink housedress with a large white apron and dark brown orthopedic shoes. Her long, gray hair was tied neatly in a bun at the base of her neck. A small pair of reading glasses hung around her neck. The man who stood beside her met Alyssa’s questioning gaze boldly. Alyssa was startled by his silvery gray eyes and long eyelashes. His clean-shaven face held a pleasant smile. His work clothes were dusty and spotted with paint and grease.
"Grandma Cora!" Alyssa eyes filled with tears at the sight of her grandmother, but the stranger with her made her hesitate.
She glanced at Gabe, who came around the truck and headed quickly to the porch. Reaching out to take Samantha’s hand Alyssa watched as Gabe strode boldly up the steps. To her surprise he stopped before Cora and offered her his hand saying, “Good evening Ma’am, my name is Gabe. I’ve heard a lot about you and your farm.”
Cora smiled and took his hand, pulling him into a hearty embrace. “Thank you for bringing my granddaughter home, Gabe!” Gabe chuckled and returned the hug. He turned to the stranger and gave him a rough hug adding, “Rafi, I didn’t expect to see you so soon. I’m glad you got my message. You haven’t changed a bit. You’re still paper thin. It looks like you’ve already settled in. How long has it been?”
Rafi’s voice was soft and deep. “It’s been too long Gabe, far too long.”
Cora left them and walked slowly down the steps toward Alyssa and Samantha. Tears streamed down Alyssa’s face as her grandmother neared. Cora gently embraced her, smiling through her own tears. At her grandmother's touch, Alyssa broke down and sobbed uncontrollably. Cora held her as all the fear and grief of Alyssa’s life rushed over her in a wave of uncontrollable sorrow. Samantha reached out and hugged them both. Cora’s smiled down at Samantha through her tears. She reached down to stroke Samantha’s blonde hair.
“You’re home now,” Cora soothed Alyssa, “That’s all that matters.” As Alyssa’s sobs lessened, Cora released her and hugged Samantha. “My sweet little one, you are the spitting image of your grandma.” Her words caught in her throat as she continued, “My little Vada May would catch the wild kittens in the barn at your age. She would borrow her daddy’s leather gloves and chase them for hours until she caught one.”
“Kittens?” Samantha gasped glancing toward the barn. “I didn’t know you had kittens!”
“Oh yes, I have kittens and chickens, pigs and sheep, even a duck or two on the pond in the spring.” Cora wrapped her arms around her. “Now let’s go inside and have some supper.”
Samantha gave Cora a fierce hug. Alyssa brushed the tears from her face and joined in their embrace. Gabe and Rafi watched silently from the porch. Gabe glanced toward the ground as they embraced. Rafi noticed his reaction but said nothing.
						********
Walton sneered at Maxwell, “I will not tolerate failure. That child should be here with me by now.”
Maxwell found the Walton’s new attitude unnerving. His whispers held something more than the simple threat of punishment if he failed again. He locked eyes with Walton and said calmly, “You were right to call the greater demons. Once they arrive things will turn in our favor.” Maxwell dropped his eyes as Walton stepped closer. The elders encircled them watching, surrounded by the darkness of the sanctuary. Their faces were hidden within their hooded robes. Maxwell dared to glance back up at Walton adding, “I will personally supervise the attack to insure it is finished. You do realize the greater demons will not bother distinguishing between victims. They will slaughter everyone. The child could be lost.”
Walton’s jaw was set; his hands clenched in rage. Yet his expression remained calm. “You better pray that doesn’t happen.”
Maxwell forced back the fear that rose from deep inside him. He inhaled the intoxicating odor of rotting death of the sanctuary and offered, “I have one final suggestion that might allow us to spare the child’s life, but it is dangerous.”
						********

The large, white, dormered room of Cora’s second floor was lined with the beds of her now grown children. A thick burgundy curtain parted in the center dividing the room into two sections. A potbelly stove converted into a gas heater sat in the center beneath the opening allowing it’s warmth to heat both sides of the room.
“Grandma Cora had twelve children.” Alyssa explained as she tucked Samantha into the bed nearest the heater. “She had four girls and eight boys. Three of my uncles died in the war your grandpa served in.”
“Did grandpa know them?” Samantha asked with a yawn. She was swimming in the nightgown Cora bought for her. 
Alyssa didn’t miss the concerned expression that flashed across Cora’s face as she helped her get dressed after her bath. Alyssa knew Samantha wasn’t well fed at the compound. Her mother always managed to sneak food to them both when they came to their morning lessons. Alyssa chastised herself for thinking that was enough.
“My mom and dad, Grandma Vada and Grandpa Joe got married right out of high school. They grew up together. Grandpa Joe knew all of Grandma Cora’s children.” Alyssa kissed Samantha on the cheek and pulled the covers up around her. “Will you be okay if I go take a shower?”
“Will you leave the door open?” Samantha asked.
“Yes, Gabe and Grandma are downstairs so just holler if you need anything before I come back.” Alyssa smiled and headed for the stairs. “The living room is right at the bottom of the stairs so they’ll hear you. I’ll only be a few minutes. You should take this time to relax and think about what you’d like to do tomorrow. There are so many things to do on the farm. We are going to have so much fun! Wait until Grandma learns we know how to can fruit.”
The small bathroom sat partially under the stairs. Alyssa smiled. Her mother told her they didn’t have indoor plumbing until she was ten years old. The space under the stairs was close enough to the outside wall to make installing plumbing affordable for the family. They’d installed a small toilet under the stairs and a shower stall in the area that had once been a closet. The bathroom sink sat outside the bathroom under a mirror in what had once been a sewing room. Now it served as her grandmother’s bedroom.
Yellowed pearly rosebud wallpaper lined the small room. Alyssa took a quick shower and stepped out of the steamy bathroom wrapped in a large pink towel. She glanced around the bathroom smiling at the fact that every single towel was pink. It was then that she realized the new clothes that Cora bought her were still sitting on the kitchen table. She peeked around the corner and down the hall toward the living room. She could hear Cora talking to Gabe and Rafi. 
Pulling the towel snuggly around her, she dashed across the hall into the kitchen and snatched the bag of clothing off the table. She spun to dash back and nearly jumped out of her skin as Gabe walked into the room.
Gabe stopped in the doorway and stared at her, unable to move. His breath caught in his throat. Alyssa’s damp golden hair hung loosely about her shoulders. He couldn’t help noticing how the moisture clung to her pale skin. The towel had slipped down to reveal a hint of her ample cleavage. His eyes wandered slowly down the length of her admiring her small waist and shapely legs. Gabe couldn’t help himself. He moved slowly forward and reached out to brush a strand of damp hair from her cheek.
“Alyssa,” He whispered leaning closer. 
Alyssa froze; his touch felt like fire. She gazed into his eyes. Her lips parted slightly as his hand trailed down her throat. His fingers traced her collarbone and down her arm. He took hold of her hand.
Alyssa leaned against him and kissed him boldly then pushed away and ran from the room. The smell of perfumed soap snaked up his nostrils as she disappeared back into the bedroom. Gabe stood silently taking in the scent, imagining the feel of her soft skin rubbing against his. Her naked form lying beneath him. Gabe’s head snapped up as he forced himself back to reality. He shook his head violently forcing the image from his mind. Indulgence was a waste of time. He couldn’t afford those kind of thoughts. They were a deadly distraction. He walked slowly to the small rounded box-like refrigerator and pulled a tray of ice cubes from the tiny freezer. Popping out a few cubes, he dropped them into his glass and filled it with water. Turning, he stared at the bathroom door for only a moment. When he returned to the living room, Cora was heading up the stairs to check on Samantha. Rafi was adding another log to the red brick fireplace. He turned and stared at Gabe. His face was flushed.
“What’s with you?” Rafi asked, “You seem out of sorts.”
“I’m fine,” Gabe answered sinking into the lumpy sofa covered by a large multi-colored patchwork quilt.
“She’s very pretty,” Rafi added, nodding toward the kitchen as if he’d witnessed their encounter. “She's sad, beautiful, protective of her young daughter and has an abusive past. It would be easy to get caught up in the role of her protector.”
“I’m just doing my job. She’s no different from the others.” Gabe snapped, “Let it go.”
Rafi sat down in the high back chair across from Gabe and stretched his long legs out before him. He stared at Gabe’s brooding expression. Gabe ignored him and gazed into the fire. 
Alyssa came in wearing a long pink nightgown and a fuzzy white robe. She glanced around the room. “Where’s my grandmother?”
“She went upstairs to check on Samantha.” Rafi added rising. “Why don’t you sit down and relax for a moment? Samantha is in good hands.”
Alyssa did as he suggested. There wasn’t much time to talk at the dinner table. Cora was too busy asking about their trip to allow Alyssa to ask Rafi any questions. She wanted to know why he was here. She sat down on the far end of the sofa and gazed at Rafi careful not to look at Gabe. “How long have you been helping my grandmother with the farm?”
“I ran into Cora at church a few weeks ago.” Rafi smiled at her. He could see why Gabe was attracted to her. She was beautiful. Her small mouth, delicate lips, high cheekbones, big blue eyes with long lashes and sun blonde hair were irresistible. He continued, “She was handing out doughnuts in the church basement. I love doughnuts.” Rafi chuckled and glanced at Gabe, who continued to gaze at the fire. “When she found out I was an independent contractor she mentioned a few repairs she needed done. I was new in town and didn’t have anything urgent on my plate. So I offered her my services in exchange for room and board.”
Alyssa glanced at Gabe not missing the fact that he would not look at her. “I’m glad she found someone to help out.” Alyssa smiled back at Rafi, “How do you know Gabe?”
Rafi smiled and said, “We’ve worked together in the past, we go way back.”
“How did you two meet?” Alyssa pressed. If Gabe insisted on ignoring her, she would do the same and pretend Rafi was the only one in the room.
Rafi chuckled and added, “Wow, that’s a great question. It seems like we’ve known each other forever. As a matter of fact, I can’t remember what my life was like before we met.”
Gabe’s head snapped up. He turned and glared at Rafi. “We grew up together.” Gabe explained finally turning to look at Alyssa.
As soon as their eyes met, Alyssa blushed. She was still reeling from the encounter in the kitchen. Gabe’s expression softened when he noticed the color rise in her cheeks. His eyes went to her lips. He could still feel them pressing against his. He forced his eyes from her and glanced across to find Rafi studying him intently.
Before Gabe could respond the roar of an engine came from outside. Rafi sprang up and walked quickly to the door followed by Gabe. Alyssa rose uncertainly. Rafi and Gabe disappeared through the door as the sound grew louder. Alyssa ran to the window and looked through the glass. 
A black motorcycle driven by a man dressed in black leathers wearing a black helmet pulled up the driveway and stopped in front of the house. Gabe and Rafi rushed down the stairs as the man climbed off the bike and pulled off his helmet.
Gabe walked up and embraced him roughly. Rafi followed suit. Alyssa frowned as they laughed and slapped each other on the back. She pulled back from the window in amazement. What was going on? Who are these men? How did they know Gabe was going to be here? Alyssa’s stomach lurched as she realized they now had three strong men on a farm with two women and a child. She suddenly felt very helpless. What if Gabe’s intentions were not as he described? What if they not here to help them, but to hurt them?
Cora walked down the stairs and glanced out the still open front door. She smiled softly and turned to head down the hall. “He’s going to need a good meal.” She said to no one in particular and disappeared into the kitchen.
Alyssa retreated to the stairs as the new visitor’s loud, boisterous voice came closer. She was used to Gabe; he had kind eyes. Rafi was quiet, and his deep voice was soft and caring. They weren’t threatening. But this new man was completely different. Alyssa considered rushing up the stairs as they entered, but she held her ground. This was her grandmother’s house. It was now her home; she was not going to allow this man to stay if he didn’t quiet down. He was going to wake up Samantha. His loud voice would certainly scare her.
“When did you get a bike?” Gabe asked as he walked through the door.
The stranger was an extremely tall man with unusually wide shoulders and muscles so large they bulged through his leather coat prominently. Alyssa was certain his jacket would explode from the intense pressure. His shoulder length blonde hair was greasy and wild. He laughed at Gabe’s question and said boldly, “I met this gal that had a fetish for bikes. She talked me into trying a Harley on for size and it fit, so I kept it.”
“You always were a sucker for the ladies, Mike.” Rafi added following them through the door.
Mike stopped just inside the door as he noticed Alyssa. His entire hulk filled the doorway. He ducked his head to clear the frame. Her heart raced in fear as his deep green eyes seemed to penetrate hers.
Gabe stepped around him and said, “Alyssa, this is my friend Mike. He’s going to be staying with us for a few days.” Alyssa couldn’t move under Mike’s intense stare. Gabe glanced from one to the other and added, “It’s been a long day, why don’t you get some rest Alyssa while we get Mike settled in. We can talk in the morning.” He stepped between them and motioned toward the living room.
Mike nodded at her and turned to follow Gabe into the living room. Alyssa glanced at Rafi and received an encouraging smile. She glared at the back of all three men’s heads as they moved to sit down in front of the fire. They certainly didn’t hesitate to make themselves at home. Her eyes bored into the side of Gabe’s head as he sat down on the sofa. 
Did Gabe just dismiss her? She couldn’t believe it. Despite the fact that she desperately did want to run upstairs and hide under the covers, Gabe had no right to order her around. Who did he think he was? Alyssa took a step down the stairs then stopped as Cora appeared from the kitchen and handed Mike a large glass of iced tea. She nearly jumped out of her skin as a boisterous laugh rang out from the living room. She spun and rushed up the stairs.
Used to sharing a twin bed with her daughter. Alyssa climbed into the small bed, pulled Samantha into her arms and tried to ignore the muffled voices that drifted up the stairs.
“We’re supposed to be safe here.” She whispered to the darkness. The loud stranger made her feel anything but safe. There was an air of danger about him, something she’d never felt before. Something she found unsettling. There was comfort in holding her daughter within the safety of her grandmother’s home. Alyssa forced the foreboding the stranger brought with him away and closed her eyes. The voices slowly faded away and exhaustion washed across her petite form. She was asleep in less than a minute.
						********
Cora called the men into the kitchen as she placed a bowl of chicken and noodles on the table. “Bring that young man in here for his dinner.”
Mike rose without hesitation and went to sit at the table as Cora added a bowl of mashed potatoes and a platter of green beans. Mike said, “Ma’am, this is the best looking meal I’ve seen in a long time.” He smiled at the elderly woman as she rushed around placing a plate stacked with slices of bread and a bowl of honey butter next to him.
She answered, “I’m sure you’ve come a long way and if your appetite is anything like Rafi’s you’re going to need dessert. There’s plenty of food for everyone so dig in; there’s a peach pie in the breadbox.”
Rafi and Gabe sat down at the table and helped themselves as Mike began to eat. Cora added, “I put some extra blankets in the barn for bedtime. I’m going to bed unless you boys need anything else?”
Rafi smiled at her and said, “We are fine, Cora. Thank you.”
Cora disappeared down the hall; Mike watched her go, “Nice gal,” Mike said softly, “Does she know?”
Rafi glanced toward the doorway and then said, “Strangely enough, I think she understands perfectly.”
“And you?” Mike turned his steely gaze on Gabe.
Gabe met his stare boldly, “The leader has pursued us aggressively. He’s called on several greater demons for help. We encountered a group of reptilian demons and a small group of wraiths. The woman is in denial. She chose to deny Heaven and Hell to keep her daughter safe from the demons. She has no faith and refuses to accept the existence of the demons that attacked us. For what’s it’s worth, her strategy worked, Samantha is still an innocent child whose eyes are more open to the truth than her mother’s. Her grandmother secretly told her bible stories.”
“Why are this woman and her child so important to them? Why are the demons helping this man? They don’t care about mortal schemes for power. Why has Alyssa remained unscathed?” Mike’s eyes narrowed.
“Unscathed? She was raped at a young age and gave birth to her daughter at the age of fifteen; I’d hardly call that unscathed.” Gabe fought to keep his voice low. 
Mike glanced at Rafi then back at Gabe saying nothing. 
Gabe clenched his jaw and explained, “There’s something about their leader Walton. He reeks of darkness. Walton believes Alyssa is destined to give birth to a blessed child. He claims a prophesy dictates this child will be protected by a divine host in the days before the apocalypse. I think this prophesy protected Alyssa and Samantha from the demon rituals and elder abuse that plagued the other children. Walton raped Alyssa until she got pregnant in an attempt to control the prophesy for his own purposes.”
Mike nodded holding Gabe’s gaze, “Did you tell her?”
“No,” Gabe glanced down at the table, “Not directly, I told her Walton was wrong but didn’t force the issue. We were in the open. I didn’t want to risk being overheard.”
Mike went back to his plate of food, scooping up large spoonfuls until the plate was empty. Gabe and Rafi’s plates were left untouched. When Mike was finished, he looked up at them, “A giant storm is coming, larger than I’ve seen since the veil was torn. It spirals around us like a hurricane. It grows stronger by the hour. By the time it reaches us, it will be stronger than anything we’ve ever faced before. There is a great evil involved in this. An evil I have not been able to determine. Nevertheless, the first of the horde of demons will be upon us in a matter of days. I sent word to the others, but most are too far to reach us in time. We are on our own. I need to know you’re ready.”
“As always Michael, I will stand and fight for the innocent. How can you question my loyalty?” Gabe rose insulted at Mike’s remark.
“Gabriel,” Mike rose as his gruff voice softened, “I would never question your loyalty. You are a better man than I am when it comes to humans. You have never given into temptation, not once. Rafael and I cannot say the same. But this time it is different. We all must look deep inside and insure we are making the right decision. Yes, we do protect the innocent, the steadfast hearts of the believers. But this time is different. This time we fight to protect a young woman who has denied God openly without hesitation. She has no faith to strengthen her, no beliefs to hold her true to the end. Never before have we fought for an unbeliever. We need to be sure the path we travel is our true course. A course that will bring us closer to the triumph that waits at the end of days.”
“This is our true path.” Gabe stepped around the table and moved to stand before him. 
Rafi rose quickly in alarm.
Mike smiled at Gabe as he answered, “Is it our true path or yours?”
Gabe turned to face Rafi, his face twisted in anger, “You told him?”
“He didn’t have to,” Mike answered calmly, “You’re dripping with it. You’re in love with her.”
Gabe spun and took hold of Mike’s shirt. He lifted him from the ground and pulled his hulking form closer as if he were a small child. “She is an innocent we must save her. My feelings are under control and have no bearing on this decision.”
Mike’s smile vanished, but he made to move to free himself from Gabe’s iron grip, “Here’s the real question Gabe; is our intervention needed at this time? We both know Samantha is not the child of the prophesy.  Alyssa has not conceived this child yet. If we interfere in her life now are we changing the course of this prophesy or fulfilling it? What if Alyssa is destined to conceive a second or third child with Walton? What if it’s her sixth or seventh born? What if Walton is destined to be the father?”
Gabe glared at him, but lowered him to the floor, allowing him to continue.
“What I’m hearing you say Gabe, is that we should risk our time here on earth, perhaps our very existence to ensure Alyssa has a chance to do what? Fall in love? Lead a normal life? Gabe, no one, I repeat no one involved in a prophesy such as this has any chance of living a normal life, innocent or not.”
Gabe shoved Mike roughly from him. His breath came in ragged gasps as Gabe tried to control his temper. Rafi moved slowly to place himself between them. Gabe forced his anger down. He turned and walked into the living room to gaze out the window.  “She was raised within a coven of demon worshippers by a cruel man who raped her for his own gain. I can’t allow Alyssa and that innocent little girl to return to that way of life. It’s our duty to guide and protect the innocent. The only way I know how to protect them is to destroy Walton and all of his followers.”
“That’s what Archangels do.” Mike said softly coming up beside him and offering his hand, “So it begins.”
A few hours later the sound of the front door closing woke Alyssa with a start. She slid from the bed and went to the window to watch Mike and Rafi walk across the clearing and into the barn. Thank goodness, her grandmother had the sense to insist they sleep in the barn. But where was Gabe? Glancing at Samantha’s sleeping form, she pulled the covers over her, snatched her robe from the end of the bed and headed downstairs.
Walking slowly down the steps, she glanced around the corner into her grandmother’s bedroom. Her grandmother snored softly in her bed. Moving to the kitchen Alyssa cleared the dishes off the table and placed them in the sink. She turned off the light and headed through the living room intending to lock the front door. She noticed a pair of feet hanging over the edge of the sofa. Moving slowly toward him, Alyssa peered over the back of the sofa at Gabe’s sleeping form.
His face was calm and serene. His hair was mussed and fell across his eyes. He was so beautiful. Alyssa smiled; she could see why Samantha thought he was an angel. He was perfect. His silky brown hair, smooth, perfect skin, sexy cleft chin and those deep blue eyes that made Alyssa’s heart race. Alyssa moved around the sofa. She reached out to turn off the small light on the end table near his head. As she touched the light Gabe’s eyes opened.
Alyssa’s heart stopped as their eyes met. Gabe didn’t attempt to rise; he simply gazed up at her. The dim light of the lamp danced across his sapphire eyes turning them a deeper shade of blue. 
He spoke so softly she could barely hear his words, “I thought one of us should stay inside just in case. I hope you don’t mind.”
She pulled her hand back from the lamp and said, “I suppose that is best.”
Gabe shifted his weight and sat up. The blanket slid from his bare muscular chest as he rose. “Alyssa, about earlier…”
“I’m sorry,” Alyssa blurted out quickly stepping back. “I don’t know why I did that.”
“It’s all right,” Gabe added softly. “It’s a normal reaction to feel an attachment to someone who has been placed in the position of your protector.” His eyes held a depth of emotion Alyssa didn’t understand. 
“I got carried away, it was nothing.” Alyssa added quickly without comprehending his words. “I was simply swept up in the heat of the moment. I’m sorry.” 
“You haven’t known a lot kindness in your life.” Gabe’s voice grew soft with compassion. “In time you’ll discover there are many kind men in this world who will seek you out. You’re a very beautiful woman; it’s only natural. But, you need to be cautious about whom you allow in your life. Not just for your protection, but Samantha’s as well. There are men who would take advantage of your affection in the name of love. If I were to act upon your growing affection for me so soon after your escape, I would be doing just that. I’d be no better than Walton.”
What was he saying? She stared at him in confusion. Did he think she was in love with him?
He continued, “It will take some time for you to adjust to the world outside the compound.”
“Adjust?” Alyssa asked as her anger grew. How dare he make assumptions? “I don’t need any time to adjust. I’m here in the safety of my grandmother’s home. There’s no adjusting to that. What adjustments I have made are learning that I’m much better off without answering to a man for my every need. I don’t know what you thought happened in the kitchen, but I can assure you I am not an innocent young girl that falls in love with every man who offers her a sweet smile and a kind word.”
Gabe rose from the sofa and reached out toward her. “That’s not what I meant.”
“I understand what you meant; you think I’m in love with you.” Alyssa backed further from his reach, “One innocent kiss, and you think I’m throwing myself at you. Just because I’m not married and have a child.”
“No, Alyssa,” Gabe stepped closer.
She held out her hands to stop him, “I may have lost my virginity as a young girl, but I have not lost my self-worth. I would never throw myself at a man, any man just because he…” Tears streamed down Alyssa’s face as her words caught in her throat.
Gabe stepped back and lowered his hands. He whispered, “I’m sorry, I misunderstood. I didn’t mean to upset you. Alyssa, I’m only trying to help you, guide you. I’m looking out for your best interests. The last thing I want is to it hurt you.”
Alyssa turned and ran back up the stairs, closing the door behind her. She leaned back against the door and sobbed silently in the darkness oblivious to the source of her tears.



Chapter Nine
Sunlight floated through the thin lacey curtains of the attic bedroom and danced across the walls. Alyssa stretched and rolled over seeking out Samantha’s small form. Bolting upright when she realized Samantha was not in bed beside her, Alyssa sprang from the bed. She glanced around the room just as Samantha’s laughter drifted up the stairs followed by the smell of bacon and freshly baked biscuits.
Sighing with relief Alyssa smiled at her foolishness and went to change into the clothing her grandmother had laid out on the end of the bed. She found blue jeans and a pink blouse. Pink again? Alyssa smiled and shook her head. The rough fabric of the jeans surprised her. She frowned at their musty smell. It’d been a long time since she’s worn pants. She sat on the bed and pulled up the thick jeans; they were tight, but fit well. Her legs felt strange covered in fabric. She rose, fastened the zipper and turned to pick up the blouse.
The pink fabric was soft and smooth. She lifted it to her cheek and reveled in the sensation of such delicate material. She slid her arms slowly into the sleeves and buttoned it.  Moving to a small antique dresser by the window, she gazed into the round mirror that hung above it. She was stunned to find a lovely young woman staring back at her. They didn’t have mirrors at the compound. Leaning forward, Alyssa peered into her large blue eyes and said, “I look like my mother.”
Forcing back the tears, she picked up the large white bristled brush sitting on the dresser and ran it through her hair. Glancing around for something to tie her hair back with Alyssa opened the small drawers of the dresser. Finding nothing, she glanced at her reflection and decided it was time she left her hair down for a change.
Samantha met her at the base of the stairs with a huge hug. “Mommy, grandma let me gather the eggs! Grandma lifted the chickens off their nests for me, so it was easy. She let me help her scramble them, we added cheese, ham, salt, and pepper, and they are so yummy! Come and see!”
 Alyssa followed Samantha down the hallway and into the kitchen. Gabe, Mike and Rafi all sat at the table as Cora placed a large plate of bacon and eggs on the table before them. Gabe quickly scooped a plateful of food and rose. “You can have my seat,” He offered her, “I’m going to take a look at the tractor in the barn, we’re going to need it. How about giving me a hand Samantha?” He didn’t wait for her response. Instead, he took Samantha’s hand and led her out.
Alyssa didn’t give him a second glance; instead she concentrated on Cora. “Can I help?”
“No sweetheart,” Cora smiled at her, pulled a plate from the cupboard and waved her toward Gabe’s seat. “Sit down and have some breakfast we have a lot to do today and not much time.”
Mike and Rafi exchanged looks as Alyssa sat down. She frowned at them and asked, “What do we have to do?”
Rafi shoveled his food in his mouth and rose quickly from the table, “Lots of things.” He answered adding, “I’m going to head into town and pick up some supplies.” With that, he was gone.
Alyssa scooped up a spoonful of eggs and glanced expectantly at Mike. She was pleased his hair was damp from a fresh shower; it was lighter than she expected. His leather clothes were gone replaced by jeans and a black t-shirt. He looked up as he felt her eyes upon him.
“Trouble is coming, we have to prepare.” Mike said in a gruff, yet matter of fact tone.
“Trouble?” Alyssa stared at him.
Mike put his fork down and leaned forward over the table, “Alyssa, did you really think that just because you made it to your grandmother’s farm that Walton would suddenly stop searching for you?” 
Alyssa leaned back unconsciously and stammered, “But we are supposed to be safe here.”
Cora turned from the kitchen sink and looked at her. “You are safe dear.” She called.
Mike leaned back in his chair keeping his eyes locked on Alyssa’s and added, “For now.” He turned and smiled at Cora asking, “Cora sweetheart, would you mind if Alyssa and I spoke in private for a moment?”
“Of course,” Cora answered drying her hands on a dishtowel. “Gabe could use a fresh cup of coffee and I promised Samantha I’d show her how to feed the pigs.”
Once Cora was gone, Mike continued. “Alyssa, Gabe called me and Rafi here to end Walton’s reign of terror because you have a destiny to fulfill, and Walton is interfering with it. Walton’s evil has been allowed to grow far too strong; his reach is too wide. He must be stopped. When he offered your father a job on the compound, he set a path in motion. That path can only end in his destruction.” 
Alyssa stared at him in confusion.
Mike sighed, “Okay, here is a simple explanation; Walton is evil; he’s going to keep coming until either you and Samantha are dead, or we kill him. Demons are real; you know this so stop pretending they don’t exist. Walton has an alliance with them, and he is sending their forces against us. They will be here in two days.”
“No,” Alyssa stammered.
Mike rose and moved around the small table. He took hold of Alyssa’s arm and roughly pulled her to her feet. “I don’t have time to coddle you like Gabe has done. We are out of time. Open your eyes! If not for you, for your daughter. Samantha is not the chosen one and once Walton figures that out he will turn her over to the elders, and they will take her as Walton took you and all the other children. Is that what you want?”
“No!” Alyssa struggled in his arms; tears streamed down her face.
“Well it’s going to happen if you don’t open your eyes and make a choice Alyssa.” Mike growled.
Suddenly in a blur of movement, Mike flew across the kitchen and slammed into the sink. Gabe stood between them facing Mike. “Leave her alone!” He shouted standing his ground as Mike slowly rose from the floor his face flushed with anger.
“It has to be done.” Mike growled.
“Not like this.” Gabe’s voice was deadly. 
Mike’s face turned deep red with rage, but he turned and walked from the kitchen leaving them in silence.
 Gabe spun and took Alyssa in his arms. She clung to him sobbing as her life at the compound flashed before her. “Emily!” She gasped, “They took her one night! Only one night and she never returned! I knew! I knew they did something awful to her. So I snuck into the sanctuary the next time the elders took the others. I snuck in and watched from the top of the stairs. It smelled so bad; the stench was overwhelming. It felt like death was climbing into my nose and mouth. I watched as they summoned the black creatures. They had dark red eyes, short bodies and long clawed arms. A woman was tied to the altar. She looked like she’s been there for days. She was naked and filthy; all covered in blood. She was still alive. There were small cages beside the altar filled with children. Emily was there! She was as white as a ghost. She looked like she’d been there forever. Her little dress was covered in her own urine and feces. Then Walton spoke strange words that stung my ears and the demons began to move about. First they descended on the cages. The children screamed as the demons attacked, biting and clawing at them. It lasted for only a moment. When it was over the children were left bloodied and weak, but alive. The demons moved to the woman. They ripped the flesh from her bones and feasted on it! I was paralyzed with horror and began to vomit. The elders heard and found me. They took me to Walton. That was my first night with him!” 
Gabe held her allowing the horrors to spill from her lips. “I’m sorry, Alyssa, I’m so sorry.” He whispered until she collapsed in his arms.
When Alyssa woke she was lying on the sofa with Cora at her side. Cora helped her sit up and offered her a cup of steaming liquid. “Have some tea sweetie, it will help calm you.”
Alyssa glanced around, but they were alone. “Mike told me we are in danger.” She whispered accepting the cup from Cora.
“They will protect us.” Cora smiled and stroked her long hair.
“Where’s Samantha?” Alyssa sat up straight in alarm.
Cora patted her arm, “She’s with Gabe and Rafi they are loading the trailer with supplies. We are going to do some quick repairs to the chapel. Mike thinks it’s the best location to make a stand. Just take a deep breath and calm down, sweetheart. You’ve had quite a shock. You scared the dickens out of Gabe.”
Alyssa set the cup on tea down on the end table and hugged her grandmother. “Grandma, I’ve been dealing with the horror of the compound for a long time. I tried so desperately to block it all from my mind. I told Samantha they weren’t real. You don’t know how adamant I’ve been grandma. I’ve forsaken religion completely in order to survive in a world of demon worship. She’ll think I’ve gone mad if I suddenly start believing in miracles?” 
Cora hugged her back and brushed a stray hair from her face. “Darling, but that’s exactly what you have here. Gabe is your miracle. I’ve prayed for a miracle for so long. When you wrote me that your mama passed I cried for three solid days. I cried for the loss of my daughter; I cried because I didn’t get to say goodbye; I cried for you and Samantha left all alone in that evil place, but mostly I cried because I failed to save your mother. I was afraid I was going to fail you too.” Cora reached out, took hold of Alyssa’s hand, and said, “When I finally realized that my lying around crying all day was not going to help you. I got up and came up with a plan to get you out. I decided the battle had been lost, but the war wasn’t over. I wasn’t going to let evil win. Now Gabe and Rafi are loading the trailer. They are heading to the chapel to get ready. Mike says it’s the only place we can safely make a stand. But, we are running out of time; everyone has to pitch in. We have to stay together. We have to help them with this battle Alyssa. They are fighting for us. Do you think you are strong enough? Strong enough to stop evil from winning?”
Alyssa smiled and squeezed Cora’s hand. “Let’s get to work.”
Mike walked into the barn to find Samantha sitting on the tractor seat. “Hey kid, get outta my seat.” He challenged in a gruff tone moving slowly into the barn.  He glanced around for Rafi and Gabe neither were anywhere in sight. “What are you doing in here alone?”
“I’m going to drive.” Samantha said cheerfully gripping the steering wheel as if she’d never let go. “I watched my mom drive the car. It looks easy.”
“You licensed to drive?” He asked stopping to look up at her.
“No, and neither is mommy.” She stared down at him.
“Well I can’t argue with that wisdom.” Mike grinned, “How about you sit on my knee, and I help you drive?”
Samantha rose from the small round seat and allowed him to sit down. He lifted her up onto one knee and turned the key in the ignition. Samantha jumped as the tractor roared to life. 
Alyssa walked slowly down the porch steps as Mike backed an old tractor up to a flatbed trailer. The faded red tractor looked to be held together by rust alone. Samantha sat proudly on Mike’s lap, which Alyssa found extremely disturbing given her growing dislike for the overbearing brute. Samantha had clearly taken a shine to the obnoxious biker. She was laughing and barking instructions to him as he attempted to maneuver the tractor into place. Alyssa grimaced and looked at Gabe as he walked around the side of the barn and with a few short strides, leapt onto the back of the trailer to grab hold of a shifting piece of wood. He glanced down at Alyssa in silence, his face taunt with concern.
She smiled at him, and his face relaxed. He flashed a brilliant smile and jumped down to help Rafi lift the final load of lumber onto the trailer. Alyssa watched as they lifted the sheets of plywood and set them down on the trailer. Despite the cool weather, both men wore only jeans and a long sleeve shirt. Alyssa admired how the flannel material did nothing to hide their sculptured arms and actually enhanced their broad shoulders. All three men had perfect bodies, firm and muscular; they were built for battle. All three were extremely attractive with chiseled features and silky hair. However, Gabe and Rafi had kind eyes filled with compassion, not Mike. The large man’s eyes were full of challenge perhaps even rebellion. Danger oozed out of every pore. Yes, he was definitely dangerous.
She turned to stare at Mike. Grimacing, she recalled his words in the kitchen that seemed so harsh and hurtful. Despite his gruff attitude, she had to admit he forced her see the truth. Demons were real, and if demons were real then Hell was real. If Hell was real, then Heaven was real and if Heaven was real then angels were real. She was looking at three of them.
It was then that Alyssa realized all three men had their swords strapped firmly to their backs. They were definitely worried something was going to happen soon. She grabbed a bucket of nails and struggled to lift them onto the trailer. Gabe appeared at her side and lifted the bucket from her hands saying, “Mike has to head around the trees and follow the edge of the field to get to the chapel. The trailer is too wide for the trail. If it’s okay with you, we will meet them at the chapel. Samantha is determined to help Mike drive the tractor. She’s stuck to him like glue, but he’s handling it well.”
“Are you sure it’s safe?” Alyssa glanced at the brute not sure she wanted her daughter exposed to Mike’s gruff demeanor and angry attitude. Samantha had too many angry men in her past. She didn’t need another one in her life now. 
Gabe followed her gaze and smiled, “She couldn’t be safer. Mike is the most fierce and experienced warrior among us. If I had a daughter, I’d want her to sit exactly where Samantha is when trouble starts.”
Alyssa tried to smile as she watched Mike drive into the plowed over cornfield. Gabe took hold of Alyssa’s hand, and they walked past the chicken coop toward the woods beyond heading for the narrow dirt trail. Rafi went to meet Cora as she stepped off the porch carrying a large picnic basket and a blanket. He took the basket from her and offered his arm. They followed Gabe and Alyssa into the woods. 
Fall was clearly in the air. The brisk wind swirled the red and amber leaves along the trail in front of them. The tall grass of the woods held a scattering of large trees just dense enough to keep the trailer from passing through.
Cora called ahead to Alyssa and Gabe, “Alyssa, do you remember this trail? We used to picnic at the chapel when you were just a small child. We’d bring fried chicken and potato salad. Your father always had to have deviled eggs; it was such a bother to keep them chilled, but he loved them so.  The Albrights would meet us on occasion with their young girl Sally. The two of you would race around the clearing all day. Finally when it was time to go home, you’d be so exhausted your father would carry you on his shoulders all the way back to the house.” Gabe and Alyssa stopped to wait for Cora and Rafi They were still holding hands. Gabe met Rafi’s eyes as they neared. His gaze clearly stated he would accept no further challenge regarding his affection toward Alyssa.
Alyssa laughed and gazed up at the cloudy sky above. “I remember those picnics, grandma. You always managed to bring hot food and cold drinks. I remember your wonderful brownies covered in powdered sugar and those scrumptious snickerdoodles.”
“Oh yes, those were your mom’s favorite. You loved the devil’s food cake with chocolate icing.” Cora laughed. “Does Samantha like chocolate cake?”
Alyssa’s smile vanished, “I don’t know.”
Cora hugged her and added, “Well, we will just have to find out. By the way, Sally Albright married a local boy Brad Thompson, and they have a son of their own. He’s a few years younger than Samantha. They come up to visit nearly every weekend. Mary Albright is in a nursing home now. Her husband George was left to fend for himself. Sally brings him a week’s worth of dinners every Saturday. She’s a good daughter.”
Alyssa smiled and turned to head back down the trail, “Sally Thompson, that sounds nice.” She glanced at the trail up ahead. It snaked through the trees and over a small rise. 
Mike drove along the tree-line at the edge of the field. He glanced over his shoulder occasionally to insure their cargo was still intact. Samantha sat proudly on his lap helping him steer. Suddenly Mike caught a flash of movement out of the corner of his eye. He released the gas and reached for his blade, wrapping one arm around Samantha as he turned to face it.
A large buck burst from the trees and dove into the field. Samantha gasped in pleased surprise as they watched the deer run across the open field. Samantha bounced with glee on Mike’s knee and asked, “Did you see that! It was so pretty!”
Mike grinned releasing his blade. “A six point buck. That’s fine eating.” 
“You can’t eat a deer.” Samantha declared with prejudice.
“Sure you can, I’ve eaten a lot of wild game.” Mike studied her expression. “I’ve eaten deer, bear, mountain lion, goat, elk, rattlesnake, crocodile, rabbit and squirrel.” Mike announced with a wicked grin. “They are delicious. Some of the best food I’ve ever eaten. What do you say I take you hunting after we’re finished here? We can shoot that deer and Cora can cook him for dinner?”
 “Yuck!” Samantha’s face screwed into a tight knot. “You aren’t eating my deer! You leave him alone! Grandma has plenty of food at her house. She would never eat a deer. Promise me you won’t eat anymore deer!”
Mike chuckled and glanced after the deer. “Simmer down, I promise I won’t eat your deer. But, tell me this, what would you want me to do if a big hungry mountain lion jumped out of the woods and started chasing after you. Do you think it would stop when it saw you and say to itself I’m not going to eat that little girl because she’s so cute?”
Samantha frowned at him and answered hesitantly, “No...”
“And if I were with you, what would you want me to do at that point?” Mike asked softly.
“Shoo it away!” Samantha’s lower lip started to pucker.
Mike cupped her little chin in his large hand and said, “I would certainly try, but if that didn’t work. If I had to, I would kill it to keep it from eating you.”
“Only if you had to,” Samantha agreed with a tiny sniffle.
Samantha sprang up and hugged his neck. Mike’s smile vanished. He glanced down at Samantha as a hint of tenderness shot across his face. “Okay, now I’ve got something I want you to have.” 
He sat her back down on his knee and dug into his pocket producing a small red pocketknife. He handed it to her and said, “This is not a toy. It’s a knife. It’s small like you. Promise me you will only use it in an emergency like with the mountain lion.”
He showed her how to release the blade and close it safely. Samantha handled it gingerly then slid it into the front pocket of her jeans.
“Only in an emergency,” Mike repeated.
Samantha met his gaze and answered, “Only in an emergency.”
It wasn’t long before the trail opened into a small clearing. A tiny log cabin with a small steeple sat in the center of the clearing. An open field of tall grass ran past the chapel toward an empty field. Mike and Samantha were pulling up a small incline as Alyssa and the others arrived. Samantha waved; she was so excited.
“Mama! Mama! We saw a deer!” She shouted before climbing down. “It was way smaller than the moose Gabe hit, but it was so pretty.”
Rafi turned as they reached the trailer and stared at Gabe, “You hit a moose?”
Gabe rolled his eyes and muttered, “It was a dark, moonless night, and it came out of nowhere.”
Mike climbed off the tractor and asked, “Did you keep the antlers?”
“Oh no,” Samantha answered for him, “We ran over it and smooshed it.”
Rafi and Mike began to laugh hard slapping each other on the back as Gabe shook his head and added, “Laugh it up, I was driving my semi.”
Mike came up beside him and draped his arm over Gabe’s shoulders, “Good thing I was only driving a tractor, we don’t need any smooshed deer around here, it’s out of season.”
“Yeah,” Rafi added, “Smooshed deer makes a terrible jerky.”
Even Alyssa had to smile at that remark.
Mike and Gabe unloaded the wood as Rafi examined the chapel. When Rafi reappeared, he walked slowly over to Gabe and Mike, “The interior is solid,” He explained as he grabbed a ladder, “It’s clean inside and has been well cared for over the years. We should concentrate on boarding up the windows. I’ll climb up on the roof and check the steeple while you two get started. There doesn’t appear to be any mold or rotting wood inside so I’d say the roof is probably solid.”
Alyssa and Cora walked inside the chapel as Samantha ran to pick flowers at the edge of the clearing. The interior of the chapel was dark and musty. As their eyes adjusted to the dim light Cora lead Alyssa down an aisle banked by split log benches and up to a small platform that served as an altar. A large wooden cross filled the back wall. The cross was the only thing that resembled a religious icon inside the small chapel. The windows were clear glass.  
Cora gazed up at the cross. It towered over her head reaching up toward the cathedral ceiling. She said, “You’re great grandpa built this chapel for your great grandma. The closest church was twenty miles away in town, and it was difficult to reach during the harsh winter weather. When the neighboring farmers heard what he was doing they all chipped in. They didn’t have a preacher, so the men took turns giving the sermon on Sundays. Your grandpa, my sweet Wilson, built that cross. He truly enjoyed being the caretaker of this chapel. Once in a while a young couple would drop by and ask if they could be married here and we’d get to decorate it all up.”
Alyssa gazed around the chapel. “I don’t remember this place, grandma.”
Cora turned her wistful gaze on Alyssa, “You spent all your time outside running around chasing butterflies and making mud pies.” 
They walked outside just as Gabe and Mike finished boarding up the first window. Alyssa glanced around for Samantha, who was still picking flowers. A small boy appeared just inside the tree line not far from Samantha and waved at them. 
Cora smiled and waved back, “That’s little Cody Thompson; his parents must be visiting.” Cora headed over to introduce the dark haired little boy to Samantha.
Alyssa watched until Cora reached them and turned to gaze up at Rafi as he gingerly walked back across the wooden shingles of the roof. “The steeple looks good from the outside; I want to see if there is access inside.” He called down to her as he reached for the ladder.
Cora walked up to the small dark haired little boy dressed in only a t-shirt and jeans gazing at Samantha from behind a small apple tree. “Cody, you’re far from home this afternoon. Does your mother know you’re here?” 
“Yes, they are gathering firewood in the forest. She said I could come and say hi.” He answered in a little voice. “Mama said your granddaughter is here. Is that her?” He pointed at Samantha.
“Yes, sweetie, come over and meet her.” Cora smiled and motioned for Samantha to come near.
Samantha skipped over to them and smiled at the little boy, “I’m Samantha, do you want to play? I was thinking of climbing that apple tree.”
Gabe and Mike boarded another window as Rafi climbed down and headed back inside. Alyssa glanced back at Cora, who was watching both children climb a small apple tree. She turned back to watch Gabe and Mike head for the far side of the chapel to board the final window. Gabe stopped suddenly and glanced back at Alyssa. Mike’s head snapped up at the same instance, and they quickly lowered the board to the ground.
Rafi appeared in the door almost instantly as Gabe asked quickly, “Where’s Samantha?” Gabe glanced at Rafi then back to Samantha. Alyssa frowned and turned to find Cora heading back toward them. She gazed past her grandmother to the tree where the children were playing. They were gone.
“Grandma, where’s Samantha?” Alyssa rushed forward.
Cora stared at her and said, “Why they’re in the tree.” She turned to follow Alyssa’s alarmed gaze and stared at the empty tree. “They were just there, in the branches…” Her voice trailed off as Gabe sprinted across the clearing and disappeared into the trees, followed quickly by Rafi.
Mike grabbed hold of Alyssa’s arm and shoved her toward the church saying, “Cora, get her inside and stay there until we get back.” 
Then he raced after the others. 
“It was just a boy,” Alyssa stammered as Cora took her arm and led her toward the chapel.
Gabe crashed through the underbrush following the trail of broken branches and disturbed ground. Whatever took Samantha was moving fast, there wasn’t much time. He could hear Rafi rushing through the trees to his right. When he reached a wide ravine, Gabe caught sight of Samantha’s bright pink jacket. He sprang into the air and leapt across the ravine landing hard on the edge beyond. He bolted into the small clearing as the young boy reached its center.
The boy couldn’t have been more than five years old. Yet he had Samantha hoisted over his shoulder and was running with ease across the grassy area. Rafi cleared the trees beside Gabe, and they rushed forward as one toward the young boy. The boy slid to a stop as Mike appeared through the trees in front of him. He spun to find Gabe and Rafi closing in. In one fluid movement, the boy flipped Samantha from his shoulder and placed her in a chokehold in front of him.
“I’ll break her neck.” He hissed. The boy’s young face screwed up in a distorted knot of rage and disgust, his little eyes glowed with a blood red hue.
“You won’t hurt her,” Gabe declared in a deadly voice. “Walton wants her alive.”
Samantha squirmed in his arms struggling against his iron grip.
The three men moved slowly forward, surrounding the children. Mike stepped closer to the boy and said, “Demon, you have committed a grievous abomination, come out of that boy, or I will destroy you where you stand.” Samantha squirmed in his hands, biting the boy’s arms. He ignored her, locking eyes with Mike.
Mike stepped closer; the boy cackled and squeezed Samantha tighter causing her to gasp for air. “You won’t kill this boy and I’m not leaving his body until you are gone. Move aside and let me pass, or she will die.”
“Come out of him!” Mike shouted in rage at the demons defiance. “Demons are forbidden to possess children!”
Samantha’s face was white as a ghost. Her lips were turning blue. Gabe moved forward desperate to save her and the boy shifted to face him. “Please do come closer, I’ll snap her neck and you can try to stuff her lifeless tongue back in her mouth before her mother arrives.”
Gabe had never wanted to kill a child before now. It took all of his strength not to throttle the boy and rescue Samantha. However, he knew it was not the boys fault; there was a strong demon inside him using his frail form; burning up his young life force to maintain the possession. Gabe’s eyes caught the slightest movement from Samantha as her small had slid into her jean pocket. He suppressed a wicked grin as she pulled out a small pocketknife, released the blade and plunged it into the boy’s thigh.
The boy screamed and staggered backward in surprise as his grip on Samantha loosened. Gabe dove forward tackling them. He pulled Samantha from the boy’s hands and rolled across the grass. Mike leapt forward and snatched the boy by the foot pulling him from Gabe’s grasp as he continued to roll free with Samantha in his arms. Rafi was instantly at Gabe’s side reaching for Samantha’s throat. He touched her, and she gasped for air. She gazed up at him with tear-filled eyes as the pain in her throat disappeared.
Gabe pulled her to him and hugged her fiercely as she began to cry. “It’s okay baby, you’re safe now.”
Rafi rose and spun to face Mike, “He crushed her windpipe. If I hadn’t been here to heal her…”
That was all Rafi needed to say, Mike lifted the demon-possessed child in the air. He fought and screeched in rage. Mike pulled his sword free of its sheath on his back and said, “Come out of him at once!” The demon inside the boy continued to thrash and wail. Mike raised his sword so the boy could see it. “I will use this.” He growled. The demon screamed in horror striking out at him, but refused to leave the boy.
“No!” Alyssa’s voice screamed across the clearing, “Don’t hurt him! He’s just a baby!”
Gabe rose and started for her cradling Samantha in his arms. “Alyssa, you don’t understand,” He began. Alyssa rushed forward she took Samantha from Gabe and moved past him toward Mike. “I do understand, I’ve seen what those monsters can do, but he’s just a little boy. I won’t let you hurt him.” 
Mike turned to face her as she approached; his jaw clenched in rage. When their eyes met, Alyssa could see the fire of his anger. She stopped before him cradling her daughter and said calmly. “Samantha is safe now. He’s an innocent just like her. You have to save him.”
Mike gazed at Samantha, then at the boy. He flipped the child upright with a flick of his wrist, caught him by the back of his neck and said softly, “I could never harm a child, Alyssa.”
The boy’s cackle filled the small clearing, “He’s mine, and I’ll not give him up.”
“We shall see.” Mike whispered with a wicked smile.




Chapter Ten

Cora stood in the doorway of the chapel wringing her hands and anxiously searching the trees for any sign of the others. Suddenly she caught sight of Mike carrying little Cody through the trees. Gabe was right behind him carrying Samantha in his arms. Alyssa and Rafi walked beside him.
“Are the children all right?” Cora called to them rushing forward.
Mike held out his hand and said, “They are fine, please stay back. Cody and I need to go inside the chapel.”
“No!” The demon screamed through the boy, “No! You can’t do this! I will be vanquished! No!”
Mike growled at him, “You should have thought about that before you took this boy. Possessing a child is punishable by death.” 
The boy kicked and lashed out screeching in horror. “I can help you! I will tell you anything you want to know! I will tell you everything! Just don’t take me inside!” 
Gabe handed Samantha to Alyssa and moved toward the boy. “Mike, if he has any information…”
Mike lifted the boy up until they were nose to nose. The child grew still; his face white with terror. Mike whispered with a sneer, “Tell me everything you know about Walton and his relationship with demons.” 
The boy flashed a wicked grin and began, “The reptilian demons allow Walton to lord over them because he offers special nourishment that cannot be willingly given elsewhere.”
“What nourishment?” Mike demanded.
“Slugs and snails and puppy dogs tails.” The boy answered in a gleeful voice.
“Answer me.” Mike seethed.
“Sugar and spice and everything nice, that’s what little girls are made of.” The boy continued.
Mike took a step toward the chapel, and the demon screeched, “No! No!”
“Tell me now!” Mike growled.
The boy glanced at Samantha and whispered, “A child’s life force offers great sustenance for those who seek it.”
Mike glanced at Gabe whose face turned to stone. Gabe cupped the boy's chin and asked, “Who is your master?”
The boy’s cackle of glee was his only answer.
Mike lifted the boy high in the air and moved swiftly to the chapel door. “No!” The demon boy screamed. “I can help you fight the demons! I can insure your success! You need me!”
Mike stopped before the door and said, “You have nothing I need.”
He shoved the boy through the open door, and the child began to convulse. Alyssa rushed forward terrified for the boy. Gabe stepped in front of her stopping her from reaching Mike.
“This is the only way to save him.” Gabe said softly as he blocked Samantha’s view.
 The boy went stiff; his arms and legs stretched out wide. He screeched in horror as a white light engulfed him. The light penetrated him. His eyes glowed bright with a blood red glow. He curled up into a fetal position beneath Mike’s steel grip. Suddenly the white light burst from within him, and the boy’s arms and legs flew open wide. He screamed then fell silent.
A black gaseous cloud rose from the boy and glowed in the air over him. Mike turned and gently handed the boy to Gabe, who cradled his unconscious form in his arms. Mike pulled his sword from the sheath on his back and lifted it toward the sky. The clouds began to boil above them. Gabe backed Alyssa away from Mike. A bolt of lightning flashed from the clouds and rushed into the sword. Mike spun and thrust his sword into the center of the cloud. It exploded in a burst of black flames and was gone.
The clouds calmed and separated allowing a brief moment of sunlight to drift down onto the chapel. Gabe knelt down and brushed the hair from Cody’s eyes. “Hey buddy,” Gabe said softly, “Can you open your eyes?”
Cody didn’t respond.
Gabe glanced up as Rafi appeared at his side. He rose and handed the boy to him. Rafi touched the top of Cody’s head for several moments before he said, “He’ll live, and I’ve done what I can to minimize the damage. But we won’t know how bad it is until he regains consciousness. The best thing for him right now is sleep.”
“Damage?” Alyssa asked reaching out to touch the boy’s cheek.
“There’s a reason why possession of children is forbidden.” Rafi answered sadly.
Gabe turned to Alyssa and reached out for Samantha saying, “Let’s discuss this another time, Samantha and Cody need to get some rest. Let’s get them back to the house.”
Mike shook his head and said, “They’ll have to rest here. We’re out of time.”
All eyes turned to Mike as he stepped out of the chapel and into the light. “The failure of Samantha’s abduction has accelerated the assault. They’ll be here shortly after sunset, and we are not ready.”
Rafi handed Cody to Alyssa then followed Mike to the plywood that lay on the grass. They lifted it quickly and headed to secure the last window. Gabe shifted Samantha in his arms and offered his hand to Cora. “Let’s get the children settled inside.” He said quietly. “I think it may be time to open that picnic basket of yours Cora.”
Cora smiled weakly and took his hand, “There’s a small wood burning stove inside we should gather some firewood. It’s going to get cold when the sun goes down, and I only have one blanket.”
“I’d rather not start a fire, Cora.” Gabe explained in a matter of fact tone. “I’ll have Mike bring back some blankets when he returns the tractor to the barn.”
He set Samantha on her feet and laid Cody on the blanket Cora spread out on the altar. Cradling Cody’s head in her lap, Cora tucked the blanket around him. Samantha leaned over and kissed his cheek saying, “It’s okay Cody; the monster is gone. Mike killed him; he can’t hurt you anymore.”
Alyssa came to Gabe’s side and asked, “Why can’t we start a fire?” 
He turned to her and said, “Can you help me outside?”
Alyssa nodded and followed him out the door. He turned to face her as they stepped into the cool air. Taking her hands in his, he said, “We can’t risk a fire. You saw what happened to the demon; they won’t be able to enter the chapel. But that doesn’t mean they won’t try to drive you out. That’s why we boarded the windows, and we’ll board up the door when the time comes. No matter what happens you must keep everyone inside until it’s over. Demon battles don’t happen often. They don’t like to be caught out in the open. When they do they come, it will be fast. They swarm in like insects, devastate everything and disappear quickly. We just have to hold them off long enough for them to tire of the effort.”
Alyssa stepped closer comforted by his touch. “How will they come? Will they be in human form?”
“No,” Gabe smiled as her soft scent reached him, lilac, she smelled like lilac. “A demon is weakened substantially during a possession. Now that they know what they’re up against. They won’t want to waste any of their strength. They will come in their true form.”
“The black oily creatures I saw in the sanctuary?” 
“Demons come in many forms. You’ve seen only a few. Demons can take any form and vary in strength depending on their origin.” Gabe glanced up at the sky as a thick layer of dark gray clouds approached from the north.
“How can you stop them? You said your sword only sent them back to hell it doesn’t destroy them. Won’t they keep coming back?” Alyssa followed his gaze toward the sky.
“Earth is an open battlefield to all ethereal beings. We are all subject to banishment. Once banished from the earth no ethereal being is allowed to return for one hundred years. There is no need to vanquish them.” Gabe looked down at her and leaned closer.
“But the demon inside of Cody said he would be destroyed.” Alyssa said confused.
“Yes,” Gabe answered sadly, “Possession of a child is a mortal sin and punishable by death. That demon was removed from existence. Just as all demons are, when they violate the sanctity of Holy ground such as the chapel. It would be better if those creatures had never been born.”
“Born? Demons are born?”
Gabe smiled at her and said, “Very few are actually born demons. All demons are a product of hell. A few of the most powerful were born there. Most are created from the worst criminals in the history of the world treated to millennia of hellish punishment. They are victims of their own greed and sloth enhanced by Hells unending torment. They can’t help but change into the vile creatures they become.”
“You feel sorry for them.” Alyssa released his hands and reached up to touch his face. “You don’t want to kill them. You want to save them. They are evil incarnate and yet you, a warrior of God sent to protect the world from these creatures, risking your own existence. You want to save them.”
“They are to be pitied, not vanquished. Perhaps someday they can be saved.” Gabe pulled her against him. “The true power behind all demons comes from the few who rule over them. The followers of Lucifer cast into hell when he was exiled from Heaven, the Fallen Angels. Let’s just hope none of them have decided to join our little party.”
“If they do, you should leave them to me,” Mike’s deep voice came from behind Gabe.
Gabe’s hold on Alyssa lessened a bit, but he did not release her. Alyssa gazed into his eyes as a flicker of challenge flashed then quickly faded replaced by a smile. Gabe slipped one arm around Alyssa’s waist as he turned to face Mike and said, “Mike’s an old pro at battling Fallen Angels, aren’t you Mike?”
A flicker of a grin crossed Mike’s face. He turned and walked away as he called over his shoulder, “I tossed Pretty Boy Satan on his ass one time, and nobody can let it go.”
Gabe chuckled and called after him, “Cora is asking for some blankets.”
“Yeah, yeah, like that’s going to make any difference.” Mike answered as he climbed on the tractor and started it up. He put it in gear and shouted to Gabe as he pulled away, “I may be a while; I’m going to take a look around.”
Rafi walked around the corner of the chapel and moved past them, heading inside. “Keep your eyes open, I’m going to check on Cody.”
Alyssa walked to the door and stared after him, “Will Cody be all right?”
Gabe came up beside her and said, “He’ll have a dark side that will show its face on occasion. But if Rafi has anything to do with it, he will be a brooding knight, as opposed to a serial killer.”
“Serial killer?” Alyssa gasped turning to face him.
Gabe chuckled, “Don’t worry, he’s been touched by the greatest of all archangels. No dark force will dare touch him again.”
“And Samantha?” She gazed anxiously up at him.
“Samantha is a fighter.” Gabe reached for her, “She may not be the chosen child Walton thinks her to be, but I’m certain she will play an important part in this prophesy.”
Alyssa frowned and glanced down; Gabe cupped her chin and lifted it to face him. She stared at his questioning expression and said, “If you are an angel, an archangel, then why don’t you know Samantha’s future. Why didn’t you know she was going to be attacked? Why didn’t you know the boy was possessed by a demon?”
Gabe nodded and said, “We aren’t clairvoyant. When God gave man free will He set a plan in motion that allowed man to decide how to travel his path to the end of days. He only gives us what we need to move forward. The future is subjective; we don’t always know which path will be taken even though the ending is clear. Cody was not possessed when he walked out of the woods. The demon must have jumped into Cody a few seconds before taking Samantha.”
Alyssa stared at him with a blank expression. He sighed and added, “It’s like traveling to your grandmothers. We knew how to get there, but our path was altered because of the demons. We still reached our destination, but not in the way we intended.”
“So you know the demons will be defeated tonight?” Alyssa whispered with uncertainty.
“I know evil will be defeated on the last day. I know Rafi, Mike, and I will continue to do battle to protect the innocent until that time. I know I will sacrifice my very existence if necessary to accomplish those goals. But I don’t know how this battle will end, just as I don’t know when the end of days will begin.” He pulled her to him. “I can tell you this battle is important or Mike would not be here. I can tell you that Mike’s presence offers a greater chance of victory. I can promise you I will do everything in my power to destroy Walton’s reign and break his hold over you, and Samantha.”
He pulled her closer, so close his lips brushed against hers as he added, “Promise me you will never give up hope. Promise me you will stay strong. You will protect yourself and Samantha when others cannot. Your time of submission is over. Promise me you will never allow a man to dominate you ever again. Promise me you will find love and cherish it with all your being until the end of your days here on earth.”
“I have found it,” She whispered hoarsely, “And I’m not letting you go.”
He kissed her fiercely releasing the passion he’d held back for so long. She melted into him feeling his manhood grow as their kiss deepened. Yet this time a man’s virile response offered no threat, caused her no fear. She trembled with anticipation, clinging to him, desperate to feel his warmth, his love.
He lifted her from the ground pressing her tight against him as his tongue explored her mouth. Alyssa’s heart pounded; her face flushed with desire as she dug her fingernails into his back. Yet as quickly as the kiss began, Gabe withdrew pulling away from her. His breath came in ragged gasps as he slowly set her feet on the ground and released her. “I can’t love you… there is no future with me.” 
He turned and walked away. Alyssa stood frozen, stricken by his words staring after him as he disappeared into the trees. Rafi came up behind Alyssa and stood gazing over her shoulder as Gabe disappeared into the woods. He sighed and touched Alyssa’s shoulder softly. Startled by his touch, she spun to face him. Rafi reached out, brushed a tear from her face, and said, “He’s not rejecting you because he has no feelings for you. He has no choice. Love is a complicated thing for an archangel; it can lead to our downfall. We spend our entire existence protecting, cherishing and loving the entire human race, but we are forbidden to indulge in the delicate realm of passionate love.”
His words offered no comfort. 
Alyssa sighed and glanced down not wishing to meet his gaze. She whispered, “I have spent my entire life dreaming of a wonderful, kind man who would protect and love me. The thought of such a man has kept me alive deep inside for so long. I can’t imagine not having that dream to hold onto.” She looked up at him as tears streamed down her face. “Why would such a loving God as you describe forbid his most precious of all servants from experiencing such a wonderful gift?”
Rafi hugged her. “Alyssa, surely you can understand how love can be twisted into a weapon against even the purest at heart. Think of Samantha and how you risked everything to save her from Walton and his demons. You placed her individual safety above everything else. Archangels can’t do that. Our very existence for the last millennia has been to keep the balance of good and evil in check as we wait for the end of days. If just one of us were to allow evil to triumph for our own personal gain; the tide could turn and the entire world could fall into chaos.”
Alyssa pulled back from him and said, “Gabe said God gave mankind free will. Did He give the archangels free will too?”
“We always had free will.” Rafi gazed down at her.
“So God trusts you to keep the world safe?”
“Of course,” Rafi answered with a frown.
“Then shouldn’t He trust you to make the right decision if someone you loved was placed in danger? Shouldn’t He trust you to make the necessary sacrifice so it won’t change the world?” Alyssa asked softly.
Rafi gazed into the trees where Gabe disappeared and said, “I don’t know.”



Chapter Eleven

The sun kissed the horizon disappearing into the deepening hues of the approaching darkness. The wind howled, rushing through the trees as if beckoning the fury of the approaching battle. The air around grew thick with anticipation. The shadows seemed to writhe and swirl with a darkness void of life and hope.
Alyssa took the blankets Mike brought and wrapped one around Samantha. Gabe walked out of the trees and headed straight for the last piece of plywood helping Rafi to lift it from the moist grass. “Gabe,” Alyssa called to him as he neared. 
Mike stepped in the doorway blocking her path. His stern expression startled her. She stepped back and stared at him in questioning silence. “I’m not used to people not following orders.” He said with annoyance. He glanced back at Gabe then gave her the same penetrating stare as on the day they first met. “I told you to stay in the chapel when we went after the boy. You didn’t listen. Don’t do it again. Stay inside the chapel.”
Alyssa nodded her assent unable to break his gaze. He turned and walked past Gabe and Rafi without another word. They leaned the wood against the front of the chapel. Rafi glanced at Alyssa and turned to Gabe saying, “I forgot the nails” Then disappeared around the corner of the chapel.
Gabe’s face was drawn and tired. Alyssa stepped closer and reached out to touch his cheek. He took hold of her hand and said, “I meant what I said; I won’t let Walton hurt you again.”
“Gabe,” She whispered, “I love you.”
His eyes grew dark with emotion. He kissed her hand softly and released it as Rafi returned. Rafi gazed after Alyssa as she turned and went inside without another word. Gabe picked up the plywood and shoved it over the door. Rafi secured it. They drew their swords and went to stand by Mike as the shadows came to life writhing and hissing. 
Mike spun and headed for the barren field beside the chapel. “I’ll draw as many as I can out to me. You two keep the rest away from the chapel.” The shadows began to boil as Mike reached the center of the field. A large female demon emerged from the darkness and headed out toward Mike. It was a headless creature with large red eyes in the center of its breasts and a shark-like maw at its groin. Mike flashed a wicked grin and rushed to meet it.
Gabe spun to face a pack of wolf-like beasts with long serrated legs. Rafi raced around the side of the chapel to meet two Centipede demons with knife like appendages and lion’s heads.
Alyssa rushed to sit beside Cora. Cody began to moan and thrash around under his blanket. Cora picked him up and held him tightly against her. She sang a soft lullaby to help soothe him, but nothing worked. Alyssa pulled Samantha to her and held her. Samantha put her hands over her ears and buried her head in her mother’s chest.
Blood chilling howls filled the air followed by a mired of screeching snarls. Alyssa’s stomach churned as the sounds became guttural and savage. Slowly, and with increasing speed came the sounds of rocks and branches slamming into the chapel as the demons grew more aggressive. Cody’s moans grew louder. He began to sob uncontrollably and struggle against Cora. 
She began to pray. “Father of all creation, be with us now in our hour of need. Strengthen your glorious child Michael, guardian and defender of Christ’s House; come to the assistance of Your followers, against whom the powers of hell are unchained. Lord, I ask you to give him the power to overcome this evil and free the world from this wickedness. Strengthen your child Michael with your grace and speed. Let your mighty power flow through him so he can destroy the enemy and triumph in your name.”
“Grandma,” Alyssa stared at her in amazement, “What are you doing? Mike is already here fighting for us with all his strength. There is no need to pray.”
Cora opened her eyes and gazed at Alyssa, “Sweetheart; there is always need for prayer. We must pray for God to strengthen our warriors so they may overcome the demons or they could fail.”
Alyssa shook her head in denial. Suddenly, a huge crash came from the front of the chapel. She handed Samantha to Cora and rushed to see if the door was still secure. When she reached the door, the flash of Gabe’s sword rushed through a small crack at the edge of the frame.
Kneeling on the floor, Alyssa peered through the hole to see Mike in the center of the field moving with great speed and intensity cutting down a circle of the same large reptilian demons that attacked Gabe on the highway. She moved slightly and caught sight of Gabe struggling against two large winged beasts with thin bodies and long clawed arms, as smaller slithering demons nipped at his legs and climbed up his back. Gabe spun, and Alyssa gasped as the light of his sword revealed his chest and arms were covered in blood. Suddenly Rafi appeared rushing into the fray as three more beasts, crawling low on the ground, rushed up behind Gabe with their long razor filled jaws snapping and slashing.
She glanced back at Cora, who held both children in her arms and continued to pray. Alyssa peered out from the broken spot at the battle. The archangel’s swords flashed in utter darkness against the horde of beasts of all shapes and sizes as they swarmed in around them like a tidal wave of evil. She watched in horror as the full moon broke through the clouds and spread a dim glow across the clearing. 
Rafi was bloody and pale but continued to swing his sword with great strength. She glanced at Mike in the field. His face with flushed with challenge. He was in his element fighting in all his glory striking down giant beasts as he screamed in triumph.
Racing back to Cora, Alyssa asked, “Grandma, Mike is cutting down the demons, but Gabe and Rafi are hurt.” She reached out and took hold of Cora’s arm shaking her. “Stop praying for Mike, he doesn’t need your help.” She was desperate yet she couldn’t bring herself to ask.
Cora’s head rose to face her. “Lord heal and strengthen Your child of healing grace. Turn Rafael’s gift of healing and wisdom upon himself. Raise him up so he may defend Your followers from the evil that pursues us.”
Alyssa sank to the ground as Cora prayed amazed at the soothing tone of her voice and her calm demeanor in the midst of the horror that surrounded them. She tried to calm herself recalling Gabe’s words that he would not fail. He would protect her from Walton. But who would protect him from the demons?
“Grandma, please pray for Gabe.” She whispered so softly Cora hardly heard her words.
Cora stared at her in the darkness and said, “My darling, Gabe is your champion. He is yours to pray for.”
Alyssa couldn’t believe what she was saying, “No, Grandma, I can’t pray.”
Cora’s expression hardened, “Child now is the time for you to come to Gabe’s defense. He needs you. He needs your faith.”
“My prayers are never heard, Grandma. God has never answered me. He will not listen. He never has.” Alyssa grabbed Cora’s arm in desperation. “Please, you must help Gabe.”
“I cannot,” Cora pulled her arm away. “And you are wrong; your prayers were always heard. He has been with you always.”
“With me?” Alyssa rose to stand before her, “Then where was He the night my father was beaten and murdered by the elders for trying to save us? Where was He the night I was dragged from the sanctuary and thrown into Walton’s bed? Where was He the day my mother died? He never came, never saved me. He wasn’t there.” 
Cora’s eyes filled with tears, and she reached out to take Alyssa’s hand. “Baby He was with you, right there holding you, giving you strength to continue, comforting you.”
“No grandma He wasn’t.” Alyssa sobbed.
“Sweetheart, He doesn’t always answer your prayers the way you want. Think back to those moments you asked for His help. Wasn’t there a time when you were frightened and suddenly became calm, or you were confused and found clarity where there had been none, or weak and didn’t think you could go on when you suddenly found strength?”
Alyssa gasped as the vision of her running through the darkness flashed before her eyes. She’d snuck out the back of the diner with a terrified Samantha in her arms exhausted. She was out of breath and terrified Walton would find them. It was in that instant she’d silently asked for strength. At the time, she’d mistakenly thought fear gave her the power to continue. She recalled her mother’s death. How she’d given up all hope and cried herself to sleep that night. Yet when she woke the next morning with renewed strength, she realized that an escape was possible and wrote to her grandmother. Those nights after Walton finished with her when she thought she would die from shame and pain. Yet she’d always managed to carry on. She met Cora’s eyes and said, “Yes.”
“That was Him.” Cora said softly.
A sudden calmness came over Alyssa. She turned and walked slowly toward the chapel door. Kneeling down to peer out she found Rafi and Gabe standing back to back battling a sea of black oily beasts that flowed over them like a tidal wave. Gabe stumbled, and Rafi reached back to pull him to his feet as the beasts slammed into them.
As she watched Gabe struggle to hold back the demon horde, she remembered his words. Once banished from earth no ethereal being can return for one hundred years. Everything suddenly became clear. Gabe was trying to warn her. His immortality was limited on earth.
“No!” She gasped. She couldn’t lose him; she’d just found him. 
Alyssa watched in horror as the demon wave overwhelmed Gabe and drove him to the ground sending Rafi reeling through the air away from him. Alyssa fell to her knees and prayed. “God I’m sorry for denying You all these years. I’m sorry I didn’t teach Samantha how to love you as my mother taught me. Thank you for keeping me alive long enough to free Samantha from Walton’s evil. Thank you for sending Gabe to protect us. I don’t deserve his protection. I don’t deserve his love. I don’t deserve Your grace or Your protection. Gabe has never denied you or forsaken you as I have. Yet he is the one suffering now. Please God heal his wounds and give him the strength he needs to defeat the demons and free the other children from Walton’s evil. Don’t let him suffer because of me. Don’t let him be banished from the earth because of me. Save him Lord, please.”
Alyssa’s head jerked up as a battle cry filled the air. She sprang to her knees to watch as Mike climbed on top of a fallen demon and raised his sword to the sky. Her eyes opened wide in awe as a pair of massive white feathered wings sprang out of his back. Rafi leap forward toward Gabe as his wings burst forth. Her eyes went to where Gabe had fallen. 
Where Gabe once stood was a pile of writhing demons screeching and clawing at something beneath them. Alyssa sobbed, “Please God, save him!”
Slowly the pile of demons appeared to grow and rise up. Then in a shower of black demon blood Gabe burst from beneath them. He stretched his arms wide as two silver wings burst through his flannel shirt and sprang outward.
Alyssa’s heart leapt with joy, but it was cut short by the sound of splintering wood. Gabe spun somehow knowing Alyssa stood watching. He gazed directly at her and shouted, “Get to the altar!”
Alyssa staggered backward as the splintering turned to a snapping crack of a large tree breaking in half. She sprang to her feet and ran toward Cora. Her face was as white as a ghost. Alyssa dove toward her as the ceiling collapsed in a shower of wood and debris. Then everything went dark.
Alyssa awoke with a pounding headache. Cora called out to her as she began to stir. A flash of white light appeared directly over her. Alyssa glanced up to find Gabe perched on a large wooden beam directly above her. 
“Samantha!” Alyssa called softly shoving the debris aside to find them a short distance away lying under the same large beam.
“Alyssa, we’re all right.” Cora called back to her, “Samantha is with me, she’s unharmed.”
Alyssa was stunned to hear her grandmother’s voice. “Mommy,” Samantha’s tiny voice called out to her, “Are you okay?”
“I’m okay, baby, I’m here.” Alyssa answered.
When she reached them, Alyssa glanced up toward Gabe realizing the sounds of battle had silenced. She was astonished at what she found. There above them was her grandfather’s wooden cross. It had fallen from the wall landing on the split log pews creating a barrier against the cross beams the tree forced through the chapel roof saving their lives.
 Gabe stood on top of the cross gazing into the woods beyond. “Stay down,” He ordered glancing down at her. “It isn’t over.”
Rafi appeared to drop from the sky as he suddenly appeared at Gabe’s side. Alyssa rose slightly trying to follow their gaze into the trees. The soft light of the moon gave rise to a churning mass of black shadows that flowed through the trees. The mass surged forward only to stop a few feet from the chapel. The demons parted as if a knife drew a line down the center leading back to the trees.
A tall shadow moved from the depth of the woods and walked slowly toward them. Alyssa’s blood froze as she realized it was Walton. He pulled his sword from the sheath on his back. Walton stopped at the edge of the trees raising his sword high for all to see.
Mike stood on the ground in front of the horde and raised his sword in response. Walton stepped forward slowly opening his arms wide as if to embrace them all. Alyssa watched as his temples burst open, and two ram’s horns swirled out of his skull. He shouted a war cry as large black raven wings sprouted from his back.
“A fallen one, it’s Vi’ati. He hasn’t shone his face in over a thousand years.” Rafi whispered.
Mike turned and flashed them a wicked grin announcing, “I’ve got this.”
“No,” Gabe replied, “he’s mine.” 
Mike’s expression changed to one of concern as he locked eyes with Gabe. Nodding his assent, Mike turned back toward Vi’ati and lowered his sword.
Gabe slapped Rafi on the back and said, “Keep them safe.”
Rafi turned to Gabe and said, “I’ve never seen a fallen angel take such a prominent role before. He’s powerful; don’t let him get the advantage. End it fast.”
Gabe knelt down and gazed through the debris at Alyssa. She reached up through the rubble, and he took hold of her hand. Their eyes met for one brief moment as he said, “I will always love you.” 
Alyssa watched through tear-filled eyes as he rose and leapt to the ground.
The demons drew back as Vi’ati walked out of the trees. Gabe strode quickly to meet him. They locked eyes. Open hatred distorted Vi’ati’s face. Gabe flashed him a brilliant smile and raised his sword in challenge. Vi’ati sprinted from the trees toward him. The demon horde surged backward giving room for the battle. 
Vi’ati’s sword sprang to life as a black fire engulfed it. He sprang into the air closing the distance between them. Vi’ati’s massive curved blade came down as he landed in front of Gabe. Gabe dodged the blow. He spun and punched Vi’ati square in the face with the hilt of his blade. Vi’ati fell back faltering for only a moment. Their swords flashed in the darkness. The white fire of Gabe’s blade exploded each time it struck Vi’ati’s dark flame.
Alyssa began to climb through the rubble above her, desperate see the battle. She thrust her head and shoulders above the debris in time to see Vi’ati lash out. His sword sliced the fabric across Gabe’s abdomen. Gabe staggered back as blood rushed from the gaping wound. Ignoring the pain, he growled at Vi’ati’s evil smirk and charged.
Gabe arched his blade high then swung low. He thrust his blade toward Vi’ati’s mid-section and was rewarded as the blade sank into his flesh. Vi’ati snarled and reached out with his free hand. He grabbed the front of Gabe’s shirt. Ignoring the blade as it drove deeper into his side Vi’ati pulled Gabe closer.
Vi’ati spat through clenched teeth, “I will have Alyssa this night. When I have finished, I will force Samantha to watch as my demons eat the flesh from her mother. When Alyssa screams for the mercy of death, I will allow Samantha to kill her. Then she will become my new pet.”
Gabe pulled his sword free. He shoved Vi’ati from him. Vi’ati’s laughter filled the clearing enraging Gabe. Gabe advanced on Vi’ati with renewed aggression. Vi’ati’s smile faltered as Gabe’s blade severed his free arm at the elbow. Harder and harder Gabe pounded into Vi’ati with his blade.
Vi’ati kicked out hitting Gabe in the stomach, forcing him back. Gabe gasped for air as fresh blood flowed from his wound. Vi’ati leapt high in the air. Swinging his blade wide, he bore down on Gabe. Gabe spun below him catching Vi’ati’s sword at the hilt with the tip of his blade. Vi’ati screamed in rage as two fingers fell to the ground. Vi’ati hit the ground hard. Gabe’s sword quickly found its home in Vi’ati’s chest.
Vi’ati dropped to one knee. He fell backward as Gabe pulled his sword free.
“I am not finished,” Vi’ati snarled.
Gabe stepped forward, “I am.” He answered as he severed Vi’ati’s head.



Chapter Twelve

The demon horde slithered back into the shadows of the trees as the fallen angel’s life slipped from him. Gabe staggered back toward the chapel clutching his stomach and dragging his sword behind him. Mike strode forward to meet him. Rafi climbed down inside the chapel to check on Cora and the children. Alyssa struggled to reach the top of the debris, jumped down to the grass and ran toward Gabe. 
Gabe collapsed in Mike’s arms. Mike lifted him easily and spun to head back to the chapel. Alyssa rushed up to them. “No! Please don’t let him die.”
Mike frowned, annoyed by her outburst. “If you want to help him, go see if Rafi is done with Cora and the children.”
Alyssa turned and ran back to the chapel screaming Rafi’s name. She climbed up the side of the debris as Cora appeared out of the rubble. “Grandma!” She gasped in surprise pulling her up on top of the debris. “Is everything okay?”
“Yes,” She said slightly out of breath from the climb. She turned around and reached down as Rafi lifted Samantha up to her.
Alyssa reached down and helped pull Samantha up then lowered her down to the grass as Rafi climbed up with Cody clinging to his back. 
“Rafi, Gabe needs you!” Alyssa said quickly moving back to him. 
She stopped to stare at Cody, who was wide-awake and smiling. Rafi jumped down from the rubble and placed Cody on his feet then reached up to help Cora down. He offered Alyssa his hand and helped her jump down.  Mike gently placed Gabe on the ground at Rafi’s feet.
Alyssa knelt beside Gabe cradling his head as Rafi placed his hand on Gabe’s stomach.
“Get your icy hands off of my gut,” Gabe managed a weak growl.
“Shut up,” Rafi chided with a smile. “You almost managed to spill your guts all over the clearing. Another centimeter and the battle would have ended much sooner.” 
Mike leaned over Gabe and said, “You did well. That was Sarkus. He’s very powerful. He’ll have quite a chip on his shoulder now. You’ll have to contend with him again one day.”
Gabe’s smile grew at Mike’s praise. “Does this mean that in the future, we will discuss the battle plan before it begins? So Rafi and I can have a larger role?”
Mike chuckled, “Are you accusing me of hogging all the action?”
Gabe smiled and looked up at Alyssa’s tear filled eyes. He reached out and touched her cheek. “Rafi’s touch heals quickly. I’m already out of danger.”
Alyssa kissed him softly on the cheek. He reached up, pulled her face to him and kissed her gently. Turning, he sat up and pulled her against him. Rafi glanced at Mike whose face filled with a grimace. He turned and walked away.
“I don’t care if you’re an archangel.” Alyssa whispered, “I won’t let you leave me.”
Gabe smiled softly, “I wish it was that simple.”
Rafi looked down at them and offered Gabe his hand. “We’ve got work to do.” He said pulling Gabe to his feet. “Are you up to it?”
Gabe helped Alyssa to her feet and said, “I’m not going to miss this.”
Mike called to them from the edge of the field. “Gabe, you’re with me. Rafi get the women and children back to the house.”
“Where are you going?” Alyssa asked anxiously.
“The compound,” Gabe flashed a wicked smile. 
Alyssa watched in awe as Gabe’s massive wings lifted him off the ground. Gabe and Mike flew high toward the clouds and disappeared into the darkness.
Rafi touched her shoulder and said, “Let’s get everyone to the house. Cody is doing much better. I can finally heal the knife wound in his leg.”
“Knife wound?” Alyssa asked following him.
“When Cody had a choke hold your baby girl she pulled a knife out of her pocket and jabbed it into Cody’s leg. It saved her life.” Rafi chuckled slowing his pace so Alyssa could catch up.
Alyssa frowned at him then turned to look at Samantha. She was sitting on Cora’s lap talking to Cody. “How did she get a knife?”
Rafi shrugged his shoulders and said, “Mike’s taken quite a shine to her. He tends to be protective of those he cares about.”
“So Mike, the high and mighty leader of the archangels, took it upon himself to give my little girl a weapon without consulting me first?” Alyssa snapped. “You do realize he’s out of control?”
Rafi’s boisterous laughter filled the clearing. “That’s what makes Mike so incredible. He’s always on the edge; you never know whether he’s going to laugh or reign down total destruction.”
“I don’t think there’s anything funny about that.” Alyssa mumbled.
						********
Gabe landed softly outside the gates of the compound beside Mike. Mike lifted his hand out in front of him. The gates exploded inward as the fence on either side collapsed. A pack of Rottweiler’s burst through the doors of the largest building. The dogs raced toward them snarling and barking. Gabe stepped forward and spread his arms wide as the dogs neared. They immediately slowed and lowered their heads submissively. Gabe slapped his thigh, and they trotted playfully toward him.
“Good dogs,” Gabe said softly then pointed over to his right and said, “Sit!”  
The dogs trotted quietly over to the mangled remnants of the gate and sat down.
As quickly as their wings appeared, they vanished, sliding back beneath their shirts. Gabe and Mike headed for the sanctuary. The gathering hall was dark. No one rushed to stop them or bar their way as the entered. Moving across the open area inside the hall they opened a large black door and headed down into the sanctuary. The basement smelled of incense and death.
Mike and Gabe stood at the top of the stairs. Pulling their swords free they gazed down at the circle of elders dressed in hooded black robes. The sanctuary was nothing more than a large cement room bearing cryptic runes painted in blood across the walls. Walls lined with dog cages just big enough to hold a small child. A large onyx altar stood in the center. The altar held no runes or designs of any kind. They walked slowly down the creaking wooden stairs. The elders ignored them and continued to pray in a foul tongue that caused a fury to build inside Mike and Gabe.
Mike broke into the circle shoving the elders aside. He strode directly to the altar. He raised his sword high and slammed the hilt of his blade down at the altars center. The altar exploded in a burst of black fire and collapsed into rubble. The elders held their ground silenced by Mike's deed. Each slowly pulled a shotgun from the folds of their robe and pointed it at Mike.
Gabe walked into the circle to stand next to Mike. He whispered softly to the elders. “There is no need to fear us, we are your destiny.” He gazed at their hatred filled faces and added, “Fear eternity.” 
The archangels exploded in a fury of white light as their swords struck down the elders before a single shot rang out. The walls ran red with the blood of divine justice as Gabe stepped over the disembodied corpses and moved toward the stairs.
Mike followed trailing his hand along the stair rail. It burst into flames at his touch. Fire crept up the stairs in his wake. It followed them across the main room of the gathering hall. The flames quickly engulfed the hall as they headed toward the smaller buildings to its right.
 Lights flashed to life inside the nearest building. A woman appeared at the door. Gabe stood to one side allowing her to see the broken gates and said, “The compound is closing, please gather the women and children together quickly and wait by the front gates. Don’t be afraid.”
They turned and walked back through the broken gates as sirens echoed in the distance. 
						********
Samantha refused to go upstairs to bed. Alyssa leaned back on the sofa as Samantha curled up on her lap. Cody climbed up beside her, leaned against her and yawned. Cora turned the television to a children’s movie as Rafi built a fire. Alyssa glanced at his back now void of wings and wondered how they stayed hidden until needed.
Cora turned to Alyssa and said, “I’m going to make some sandwiches for everyone. I don’t think we’ll get much sleep tonight.” 
Alyssa smiled at Cora; the woman seemed to have a never-ending supply of energy. She was always in movement, cleaning, cooking or cuddling. Rafi turned from the fire and watched Cora walk into the kitchen. “She’s a gem.” He said softly glancing at Alyssa.
Alyssa kissed the top of Samantha’s head as she dozed off and gazed up at him, “She’s so much like my mother.”
“You’ve got a safe place here Samantha.” Rafi said leaning against the mantle and glancing down at his blood soaked clothing. “You can make a good life here. The kind of life that can help erase the past. A life Samantha can grow and thrive within. The people here are kind and helpful. If you allow them, they will become good friends. You don’t have to be alone anymore.”
Alyssa locked eyes with Rafi and asked, “What if Gabe decides to stay with me?”
Rafi answered, “It’s too dangerous, not only for him, but for you as well.”
“Why?”
Moving to kneel before her, Rafi took her hands in his, “You could be targeted. Manipulating an archangel to fall would be a great victory for the enemy. It could change the course of our path toward Satan’s destruction. Unlike us, Satan refuses to accept his approaching fate. He’s always looking for a way to change the future. What if your love for Gabe gave him that opportunity, an opportunity that never should have happened? An opportunity that could delay the end of days and allow evil to extend it’s time on earth. Such an event would cause millions of people to suffer needlessly and die before their time. The chance to add another fallen archangel to Satan’s entourage would be an overwhelming temptation for him. An archangel has not fallen since the Great War.”
Rafi squeezed her hands and added, “Mike may be our greatest warrior, but Gabe has the strongest will among us. Where Mike is wild and ferocious in the face of evil, Gabe is the voice of calm reason. Gabe is more than just a divine champion; he’s a guide, a mentor to us all, angel and humans alike. If he were to fall, his failure would be catastrophic. He can’t… we can’t afford to allow him to take that risk. Alyssa, you have to let him go. You need to concentrate on Samantha and your grandmother. Give your life to them, to your future children. Listen to Cora’s guidance and find mortal love. You cannot ask Gabe to stay.”
						********

Mike and Gabe flew high over the forest surrounding Cora’s farm. There was no sign of any demonic activity. Mike touched down in the small meadow where they faced the demon that possessed Cody. Gabe landed softly beside him.
Mike walked slowly across the meadow until he reached the edge of the ravine at the far end. He turned toward Gabe and waited as he followed, coming to stand beside him. Gabe gazed into the dark hollow and listened to the sounds of crickets calling out to the night.
Mike followed his gaze into the darkness, “This battle is only the beginning.”
Gabe nodded, “We knew this day would come.”
Mike turned to face him. “It’s important that we tread slowly and carefully. We must be more vigilant than ever before in the choices that we make.”
Gabe locked eyes with Mike, “You have no right to lecture me on a relationship with a mortal.”
Mike held his gaze and said, “You’re right; I’ve allowed myself to indulge in less than appropriate relationships during my time on earth. However, I have never allowed myself to fall in love. We both know of all the archangels; I must distance myself from these people. I cannot dispense justice when a soul stands before me if I am emotionally attached to everyone. You, on the other hand, are a messenger, a communicator. Your duty requires a close and intimate relationship with man. But, there is a line that must be drawn. A line that should never be crossed; no matter what the temptation. Gabe, there are some battles that you cannot win.”
Gabe’s eyes narrowed, “Are you saying I’m weak?”
Mike flashed a wicked smile that gleamed in the darkness, “I am cautioning you. I have always considered you an equal. We are both to play critical roles on the last day. I may be indulgent and reckless at times, but I would never do anything that would force me to sacrifice that honor.”
“You don’t think your promiscuity has been frowned on?” Gabe asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I know it has.” Mike’s grin waivered slightly. “That is something I will have to face in the end.”
“And yet you still bed whatever mortal suits your fancy?”
Mike’s grin vanished, “Never in the name of love.”
Gabe sighed and glanced up as the moon peaked out from behind a large cloud. “Have you ever considered that I may be the key to Alyssa’s prophesy?”
“I have,” Mike answered as his wings opened and began to beat. “But, what if you’re not?”
Mike pushed off and soared across the trees. Gabe gazed silently after him.
						********
Alyssa carried Samantha, then Cody up the stairs and put them to bed. She sat on the end of Samantha’s bed gazing at her. She was so beautiful, so sweet. Alyssa’s head snapped up suddenly, and she went to Samantha’s side. Gently searching her pockets, Alyssa slowly pulled a small compact knife from Samantha’s front pocket. She gazed down at it in the darkness. She pushed the little button on the side and the blade popped out.
Frowning at the three-inch blade Alyssa glanced over at Cody. The poor little guy. It must have hurt something awful when Samantha stabbed his little leg. Alyssa’s frown vanished as she turned to gaze at Samantha again. Mike had not asked her permission to give Samantha the knife, but Rafi said it had saved her life. How can she be angry with Mike for that? How could such a ruffian be an archangel?
Alyssa headed downstairs and found Cora placing a plate of sandwiches on the kitchen table. Cora glanced up at her and said, “Rafi’s in the shower; he was beginning to smell pretty sour. I had to insist. It’s funny how he and Gabe can both fit in your grandpa’s old clothes, not Mike though. He’s as tall as a barn, and his shoulders are twice as wide. He reminds me of your uncle Patrick; he was born to play football. He would have gone professional if he hadn’t shattered his knee in his senior year of high school.”
Alyssa smiled and went to pull a pitcher of lemonade from the refrigerator. Cora turned and headed to the stove adding, “I made some vegetable soup. Do you think the boys will be back soon?”
The front door opened in response. Alyssa rushed into the hall to find Mike striding toward her; his wings had vanished. She leaned to the side to glance past him, but Gabe was not there. Mike walked past her without a glance saying, “He’ll be here shortly.” 
When he reached the kitchen, he asked loudly, “Woman? Do I smell chicken?”
Walking boldly up behind Cora, Mike kissed her cheek. Cora gasped and giggled like a school girl answering, “Chicken Vegetable soup; it won’t kill you to eat a few vegetables young man.”
“I would eat anything your magical hands produced Cora.” Mike countered grabbing the pot from the stove and holding it while she rushed to get a serving bowl. 
Walking out onto the porch Alyssa glanced up at the cloudy sky. A sudden movement on the roof of the barn startled her. She staggered backward as Gabe stepped off the roof and glided slowly down. Alyssa heart raced as their eyes met. Gabe said nothing as he moved toward her. His wings vanished slowly behind him as he walked across the gravel drive. 
Gabe moved slowly up the steps; his eyes never left Alyssa’s. He stopped before her and slipped his arms around her waist. He pulled her close so slowly Alyssa nearly lost control of her mounting desire. Her breath came in gasps as she slid her hands up his arms to his shoulders. When her fingers touched the bare skin of his neck Gabe pulled her against him and kissed her hard. She clung to him lost in the fire of his kiss, tears streamed down her face. 
When they finally separated Alyssa whispered through her tears, “I will never forget you. I wouldn’t have made it home without you.”
Gabe’s eyes grew darker betraying the depth of his emotion. He brushed a tear from her cheek and said, “You’ve given me a great gift Alyssa. A gift I’ve never known before.” His voice was deep and guttural, “You and Samantha mean so much more to me than you’ll ever know. I will treasure this time. You are a special woman, so strong and brave. Samantha is lucky to have you in her life. I promise you; you will never be alone. I will always be with you. If you ever need me, just call my name, and I will come.”
He kissed her softly.
Suddenly a commotion came from inside. They rushed into the house to find Rafi and Mike in a heated argument in the kitchen. Rafi shoved Mike against the kitchen wall and said, “You had no right to erase him from his parents’ lives. Cody is not a threat!”
“We don’t know that.” Mike said softly, “It’s best that he stay with us now.”
Gabe asked, “Us?”
Mike explained, “We’ll have to find a place for him where he can be closely supervised. I will not be responsible for unleashing the next serial killer on the world.”
Rafi released him and stormed into the living room.
“Gee Mike,” Gabe frowned at him, “I’d suggest a solitary convent on top of a mountain somewhere, but he’s a boy.”
“Actually there is a monastery in Northern Utah that’s practically deserted.” Mike locked eyes with Gabe.
Gabe held his gaze and walked slowly toward Mike as his face flushed with anger saying, “Wonderful, let’s put the poor kid in a wilderness retreat with a bunch of old men who’ve taken a vow of silence and expect him to grow up normal.”
Mike’s eyes flashed with warning. He answered Gabe in a low seething tone, “Don’t let one decent victory go to your head. I won’t hesitate to beat the superiority right out of you.”
Gabe stepped closer undaunted by Mike’s threat and said, “The world doesn’t work that way anymore Mike. You can’t just toss that kid in a hole and check back in ten years to see how he’s doing.”
Mike locked eyes from Gabe as he answered, “If you don’t like my decision then perhaps we should go old school and kill him.”
Rafi spun and raced toward Mike his face red with fury. Alyssa stepped back surprised by the depth of anger on Rafi’s face. Gabe turned and stepped in front of Rafi. He took hold of his shoulders and forced him back. They both knew Mike did not issue hollow threats. He was completely serious. Gabe forced Rafi to look at him as he said softly, “Rafi, I won’t let that happen. Let me talk to him.” 
“Yeah,” Mike snapped from behind him, “Let the archangel of communication talk to me about saving the world. That’s the uppermost thought in his mind these days.”
Gabe turned to face him. “Don’t take your anger out on Cody. He’s an innocent young boy. Aim it at me, where it belongs.”
Mike stepped toward him and said, “I’m not the one who’s confused, Gabe. I’m focusing on what needs to be done. I’m determined to keep us all on track.”
“Cody is not altering that path.” Gabe held his ground. “Undo what you’ve done. He’s been through enough, taking him from his family is not what he needs right now.”
“I’ve made my decision, he’s not going back.” Mike moved closer, his eyes burned with challenge.
“Should we take him on a long walk into the woods then? Do you want to leave him for the wolves to raise?” Gabe growled. 
Mike laughed, “Perhaps we should create a kingdom for him. A castle made of stone with white knights and a fairy princess to wait upon him.”
“It’s so easy for you, isn’t it Mike.” Gabe leaned menacingly closer to Mike’s face. “You’re so good at making a quick decision, and tossing the problem at someone else so you can move on to greater things. No looking back, no second-guessing. You just wave your hand and it’s done. Well this time it’s not going to work, this time you’ve gone too far. Rafi made the call, he said Cody was going to be fine. Rafi got to him as soon as he was free of the demon, there was no time for evil to grow inside him. The odds are the kid will grow up to be a normal, decent human being.”
“I disagree,” Mike said softly, his eyes flashed with warning, “I’ve seen this before. He may seem fine now, but he’s not. He’ll turn and when he does people will die.”
Rafi stepped up beside them and said, “Then he’s your responsibility. You must teach him how to control the evil the demon left inside him; so he’s prepared when it surfaces. You made this decision; you should accept the responsibility for his life.”
Mike’s eyes never left Gabe’s as he said, “Perhaps Gabe should take the boy under his wing. It seems to be the direction he’s heading anyway. After all, coddling mortals has been a favorite pastime of his for a very long time. At least Cody won’t lead him toward destruction.”
Gabe’s face suddenly went blank. He stepped back from Mike and spun to stare at Rafi. Gabe turned slowly to face Alyssa, who stood behind him taking in the scene as his face took on a sudden glow of realization.
“Alyssa, do you believe in fate?” He asked reaching out to take her hands in his.
“I don’t know what I believe these days. I’m actually pretty confused.” Alyssa admitted allowing him to pull her near.
Gabe slid his arms around her waist and pulled her against him. “Very few Angels have fallen since the Great War, none of those were Archangels. It is believed that earthly love will lead to an angel’s downfall faster than anything else will. I don’t think that’s true. I believe archangels are strong enough to overcome any temptation, no matter how great. I believe I am strong enough. But, I need you to understand there will be times when I’ll be called away. Times you won’t know where I am or when I’ll return. If you can accept that, then I think we have a chance.”
Alyssa melted against him, wrapping her arms around his neck, “As long as you promise to return, I will wait for you.”
When their lips met, the world fell away.  
Mike stepped toward Gabe, but Rafi barred his path. He met Mike’s gaze and said, “You have no say so in this, Mike. Gabe is free to choose his own path. He’s making an honest choice; he’s not looking for mindless sex.”
Mike’s eyes narrowed, “I won’t condone this.”
Gabe turned to grin at him, “Perhaps not, but you just made it possible.”
Mike turned to look at him. “Do you honestly think you can fool the enemy into thinking you are staying behind only to care for the boy?”
Gabe flashed Mike a brilliant smile and said, “I’m willing to take that chance.”
Mike grimaced, “If something goes wrong, I won’t offer you mercy.” 
“I won’t ask you to.” Gabe said softly. 


The end


