The Lone Wolf
The Lone Wolf Saga:
Book One

Published by Christopher L Carr
Copyright 2013 Christopher L Carr
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.

Table of Contents

Intro
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Epilogue
About the Author
Connect with the Author


Intro

Balance, humanity strives to achieve some form of this in life. When something shifts the balance, they always try to regain it. Whether innately good or evil, all of mankind needs this balance. Without it they wander aimlessly. All humanity feels that there is a purpose to their lives, and it is this purpose which, if achieved, will grant them the balance and stability they wish for. Humans have feelings of self worth that make them long to be needed. And if a man no longer feels needed and loses sight of his balance, he becomes something different, a lone wolf, a drifter, a vagrant, a drunkard, or some other outsider. It is these members of human kind that often offer the greatest contribution to society. For, more often than not, they are of more worth than they know…


Chapter 1


Artirius woke from his sleep, a cool glistening sweat on his body. It was the dream that woke him, as it had done for some time now. He pushed off the bed coverings and stood. He stirred the fire, added a few logs, and went to the window of the room he had rented from the tavern for the night. By his guess, it was the early hours of morning - still too early to be awake. He would amend that for the time being and ponder the dream later. He was closer now, he could tell. He went back to the bed and slumbered heavily.
When Artirius woke again, it was past mid morning. That fact bothered him little. He had only missed breakfast, a meal that, due to the nature of his life, he had missed many times before. The fire he kindled earlier was now a smoldering pile of ash. It was just transitioning from summer to fall, so many nights, like the night before, were cold. Artirius, like most northern barbarians, was not greatly affected by the temperature. 
His build was large for a human, and even so for a barbarian. He stood as tall as the head of the tallest horse, and was built with the solidity of a bull. His prowess in battle amongst his people was unparalleled. As such, others constantly tested their strength against him in physical contest. To the men of the barbarian tribes it was an honor to compete, and glory was always given to the victor. 
These facts only dismayed Artirius. He was as much a part of his people as he was not. The desire to compete was not in him, though he would never lose willingly, which meant he never lost.  His father was said to be the descendent of titans, which would easily explain his size and build. His lack of interest in greatness may have been from his mother’s side. She always had a whimsical nature about herself, as he was told. She had left when he was very young.
Artirius was not of the line of the great chiefs of the barbarian tribes, though he could have taken the position if his heart desired. No man could defeat him in the north. Many had tried, but his innate abilities always surpassed those of his fellows. His most notable combat was at the reach of his twenty-fourth year of life.
The chief of his home tribe, the Warsaw tribe, was nearing his death. It was time to choose the next heir, for he had no direct male descendent to claim his throne. As such, the traditional means of finding an heir was a tournament of sorts. The chief selected eight of the tribe’s finest men to battle. The bouts were one on one, and the loser was eliminated while the victor advanced until only one was left and inherited chieftainship. It was not a contest to the death, but often that is just what would occur and was often requested by the defeated.
Naturally, Artirius was selected. He had no interest in the prize, but his barbarian pride did not allow him to lose willingly to any man.
The contestants were all allowed the choice of a weapon before each match. Artirius chose none. He could defeat any of them with his bare hands and he proved it. He fought his first two matches against Oswald and Gerald. The contests were both short lived; Oswald literally ran into Artirius's fist, and Gerald was knocked unconscious by his own hammer when the weapon was taken from him and used against him.
Then the final match came. He was to face the only man even remotely close to him in skill, his younger half-brother Jorund. Jorund was a fierce opponent. To fight him was to fight the savagery of a beast in the wild. He chose his great sword, Deathwell, as his weapon. Again Artirius choose only his hands.
“You are foolish brother, to think to face me this way. I will defeat you here and now and show them all you are not so great.”
Artirius simply looked at his brother with love in his eyes. He began, “Jorund, you know I care not for greatness. Even so, I cannot let you win my brother. It is not in me to lose, even for you. You know in your heart you cannot win. That makes you great, as it does all those who willingly challenge me.” He paused to look at his brother. Jorund's return stare flamed with anger. “Do not let fury guide you; it will only lead to your defeat.”
“My fury will put you at my feet! Prepare yourself.”
“As must you, Jorund, as must you.”
Jorund, full of anger and hate for his superior older brother, dipped into the barbarian rage. It was a trance of sorts, which focused and chiseled the barbarian’s raw emotions. They were faster, stronger, and more resilient in this form, but they were generally more prone to attack. Artirius seldom used the ability himself for it was not really needed. Nothing was ever a challenge for him and he preferred to have focus when he fought.
Jorund seemed to grow and swell. It was as if heat radiated from him. He looked at his brother and began in with a charge. He took his sword down to his side and came in with a horizontal slash that would have easily hewn even Artirius in half. 
But Artirius was too fast. He ducked the swing easily and threw out an arm striking hard into Jorund’s ankle. Jorund stumbled and barely held on to his balance. He turned in time to catch Artirius's lunged elbow straight in the face. It was like a blunted spear. The blow flung Jorund back, easily breaking his nose and bloodying his face.
Surprisingly the young barbarian kept on his feet and moved in again, swinging wildly across his body. Artirius intercepted Jorund’s arm with the outside of his left arm and quickly twisted it around Jorund’s sword arm. The snap was great enough to dislocate his brother’s shoulder and force him to drop Deathwell.
In the rage, the pain from the injury was numbed. Others would have knelt in pain, but Jorund continued fighting, throwing a powerful blow with his left arm.
Artirius, yet again, was faster, reacting quickly to every move his younger brother made. He caught the fist in his right hand and stared hard at his brother. He snapped his head forward. The crushing sound that the blow made on Jorund’s skull was outstanding. For a second his eyes seemed to go blank, as if he had lost consciousness.
Then, as if by magic, sense returned to them and more rage seemed to seep out as he madly tried to escape his brother’s grip.
Artirius untangled their arms, and as he came over top of the release he struck his brother squarely in the face. Then he rolled around behind his brother, still holding the left arm that had been thrown at him. He pulled it up high on his brother's back and reached for the right arm and did the same.
Jorund kicked back hard with one foot, only to have his blow blocked by his brother’s foot. Then he tried to rotate around and twist his arms out. It was an attempt made in vain. The condition of his shoulder did not help him, even if it were in good shape he would not have been able to escape his superior half-brother.
Artirius kicked the back of Jorund’s knees, which took Jorund to a kneeling position. Then Artirius kneed him hard in the back of the head and threw him to the ground. Jorund attempted to get to his feet, but his wounded arm could not push up and his vision seemed to blur. He managed to roll to his back and stare viciously at his brother who had picked up Deathwell.
“Finish it then.”
Artirius looked down, sadness in his heart and eyes. “No I cannot. For love holds my hand. Live and grow old.” He knelt at his brother’s side. “You will be a chief when you awaken. Rule them with the fury with which you faced me and they will love you.”
“By the gods, what do you mean?”
“Goodbye brother,” Artirius gripped the handle tightly and swung down hard with the pommel. It struck Jorund squarely in the head and he was unconscious instantly. He laid the great sword at his brother’s side.
He had won the tournament but when he saw his people cheering, he raised his arm to silence them. “I will not take the role of your chief. Jorund will make an excellent ruler. Look to him.”
“You dare break tradition?” an elder yelled from the crowd.
Another rose up, “If you leave you shall be banished from your tribe.”
“Then so be it.”
Artirius immediately began gathering his things, preparing to leave his homeland. In his heart it was time to go anyway. This had always been his design. He had few belongings in his possession; the hammer his father had left him, Thunder Fury, and his hides. They were all he had and all he needed. He had been restless at home, he needed to go. He donned his gear, gathered up the basic supplies he would need, and was off on foot as night cradled the world in its blanket. That began his wanderings around the world. 
Over the course of nearly a decade he travelled. As his people were far to the north, he headed south. The first people he encountered were the dwarves of Deep Hollow. While there, he befriended their king and began growing his reputation outside the lands of the north. He aided them in quelling a young dragon, deep underground, which threatened to tear the entire foundation of the great city asunder. Artirius sent it to its eternal rest.
Continuing south he ventured into the forest of Atel and met the elves of Alastrial. They too came to embrace the barbarian. A wise elf named Tressnou found him particularly fascinating, and aided him in his search for knowledge. He taught Artirius the languages of the common folks and how to read and write. 
From Alastrial Artirius traveled to the east, across the great plains and over the mountains. Here he met the humans from the east, whose code of honor was as unique as their war garb. The greatest warrior Artirius ever met he encountered here. Six Swords was unparalleled with a blade and more graceful than a dancer. Artirius aided him in finding a long lost family daisho, though Six Swords vanished in an explosion. Artirius had not seen him since.
From there he ventured south by sea to the island jungles known as the Untamed Isles. Here he saw many fantastic creatures that marveled him. He tamed beasts, which would have destroyed lesser men, and killed some things that are seen in nightmares. The tale of his taming of a rialin spread quickly across the Untamed Isles and back to the main lands. His nomadic nature did not allow for such a large beast though, and he was forced to let it return to the wild jungles.
Slowly he wondered the seas of the Untamed Isles and eventually decided to return to the main lands. He had spent many years searching, but had found nothing. Nothing that seemed to comfort his need for wholeness, that was. Upon arriving in the east however something new happened to this barbarian. Something that seldom ever happens to any barbarian, he had a dream.
In the dream, Artirius was in a place he had never seen, but it felt like home. It was ancient and beautiful. He stood in the center of a grove of trees in the dead of winter, in someplace higher in the mountains. The trees were massive, some even reaching into the clouds. Above and around him he seemed to hear voices calling his name, and images of dwellings in the high trees seemed to come and go before his eyes. Then his attention was drawn upward. The clouds above the trees slowly began to thin away and the vivid night sky began to show above him. It was a surreal image, the black and purple sky against the whiteness of the snow covered trees. He felt mesmerized, but slowly something became clear to him in the sky. It was a constellation. One he had never seen before and knew nothing about. It seemed to be the shape of a man and woman bound together in an intimate lock. It was beautiful. Then the image faded away from view and Artirius looked on in shock. 
“Do not leave!” he shouted. 
But still, the image faded and then slowly the world around him seemed to melt away and he was alone. Then he awoke with a cold sweat. At first he thought that it was merely a bad batch of sake, the drink the people in the east enjoyed, but the dream continued. He tried to find other clues in the dream, but it was always the same. He stayed in the east for some time and pondered. He finally decided to head for snow and mountains, or what he once called home.


Chapter 2


The road gave him time to ponder on the dream. It was clearly a sign. But what did it mean to him, to this barbarian? It was hard to say. Though he was far more enlightened than other barbarians, his education in things mystic and arcane was limited. He thought it best to visit the wise wizard in Alastrial. Tressnou was a friendly elf, at least to Artirius; Tressnou found him interesting. 
“For a human, and not only that, for a barbarian human, you have something about you that makes you unique among your kind, and not in the manner your kind sees. There lies in you something, my young friend…” and on and on he would go. Artirius smiled as he thought of it. It would be soon enough that he would arrive at the elven city, and he would have the chance to speak to him then. 
From the east, Artirius first traveled through the mountains tall and majestic; beautiful shades of purple and blue at the top capped with peaks of snow. Some of the peaks were so high they disappeared into the sky. Slowly he wound the paths as the road steadily made its way through the mountains. Before long the path became straighter, and began to decline. On the third day of his journey, the plains opened up in front of him. It was an amazing contrast on the west side of the mountains because it sloped down to a flat plain. There were no hills at all; it was just flat for miles and miles. An ocean of grasses, wild grains, and wild flowers of all sizes waved in the breeze that seemed to always flow. Occasionally, a tree or two spotted the plain. They were more abundant at the watering holes that nourished the land. Herds of beasts roamed in the fields. Artirius saw wild cats rolling in the grasses wrestling for play. 
Barbarians found themselves at home in nature, amongst the beasts. It did not matter from where the barbarian hailed; nature was the same fundamentally everywhere. It was fair. If it was respected it would let you pass, let you be. These were only lions, maybe two or three years old, male - the mane gave that away. They looked to weigh four to five hundred pounds apiece. They were small things, nothing like the rialin in the Untamed Isles. Rialins were cats the size of a rhino, with barbed tails and a bite with venom that burned through whatever it touched. Along the rialin’s spine were blades as sharp as steel that lay down when the beast was calm. When it was aroused they would spring up, about a foot and a half long, a sign that certain death awaited. Its claws cleaved trees in single swipes; the only thing they could sharpen them on was stone and even it generally wore out quickly. Artirius recalled the one he tamed only a few years ago. He remembered the purrs. They were powerful enough to shake the very ground at your feet. He missed the beast.
He continued his journey to Alastrial and, as he got closer, the dream seamed to push harder on him. It came on more nights than it had before. It seemed to speak to him as he traveled; it told him he was heading in the right direction.
Nearly a week passed before the plains melded into the great forest Atel, home to the elves of Alastrial. The forest itself was alive. This nature was not that which Artirius was fond of, though it was more his lack of understanding for it that made it seem odd to him. It was the kind of nature that was meddled with. Elven magic coursed here. It was still beautiful. A marvel really to him, but it was still unnatural. It was magnified by the elves. It seemed dressed up, imagined. Nature did not need the whimsical art of the elves to make it beautiful. As he wandered these woods he felt more like he was in a piece of art, which moved and mimicked nature flawlessly. The veins of the leaves on the trees seemed to glow, and the air was heavier than it should be, but in a comforting sort of way. It was as if you were being covered with a blanket one that was scented of your favorite smell. It was different to everyone who came to this forest, to Artirius it smelled like grass. Along the path, wooden lamps with what must have been a magical flame flickered every ten feet or so on both sides of the path, giving off a light perfect to see by. They seemed to float more than hang from the trees. The path itself looked like little more than any dirt path you have ever seen or walked on, but felt softer than it should, like walking on air. Artirius had trouble not getting consumed in all of this. It was easy to do so. 
Artirius continued on; crossing the Brook of Alastrial, the outer limits, so to speak, of the great city itself. At first the high trees were spotted with guard towers, or what men would call guard towers. They were fortified structures mingled among the trees that would act as the first line of defense should anything unwelcome manage to pass the forest. Though Artirius passed without harm befalling him, things of a malicious nature would find themselves constantly diverted and turned out of the forest. If they managed to get closer then great magic would come against them, the likes of which would destroy most intruders. The exact details of this magic Artirius did not know. They were secret, the property of the elves alone. If the magic was overcome, then this is where the elves would meet their intruders. With bow, magic and sword combined with skills so eloquent that it was just like their forest, art. 
Inside these defenses was the first ring of homes. They all worked themselves into the trees and were part of nature itself. If one wished to enter all he had to do was ask for the forest to let him in and a way would open to the dwelling. Perhaps a branch would drop to you and carry you up to it, or stairs would slide out from the tree spiraling upwards. Or still, perhaps the leaves themselves would surround you and lift you in a great funnel, though a gentle one. The forest chose its own way and it was never the same for any place, it was always what the forest chose to do. 
Ahead, along the path on the ground level, were a variety of shops, taverns and inns. There was an amphitheater off to the right where the elves were busy at work. They loved putting on shows. In the entire world, no one could sing like an elf. Their voices were naturally melodious, warm, and welcoming. They were simply enchanting. Other barbarians would not have understood them and would have found themselves hanging upside down from a tree in the forest. Most likely after a drunken tirade at one of the taverns, or perhaps not even the drink was needed to entice them. After all, conflict was the way of the barbarians and these elves would look deceptively weak to the average barbarian. Artirius was not average and knew of their great abilities. Elves were not to be trifled with without the respect they deserved. 
Art was not something a barbarian needed. Artirius, being an oddity among his people, found it intriguing. It was like the forest they created, but because he was not attuned to it, he could appreciate it more than the great forest. Dancing, singing, acting; these things seemed just wonderful to behold. The tribes of the north had their form of art of course; generally a form of singing that was magnified by the consumption of large quantities of alcohol. To be honest the songs of his people were not bad just not as airy as the elven ones. The songs of his people could make you remember. They could remind you of something that had happened, of a battle on some long lost battlefield, of the great warrior, the great beast that plagued the land. It could remind you of anything it wanted to. The elven songs did more than that. They put you there. They set you on the battlefield. You were the great warrior. The beast was ravaging your country. You could feel the heat of its great breath. You watched as it killed your friends and your family. The elves could place you wherever they sang. It was as if you were in a dream of some sort, as if you were sleep walking. It was the most amazing thing that ever was. Artirius on his last visit had been so enthralled in his first experience with elven song, that he thought he had been married to a desert princess, in a land he had never been to, heard of, or seen. He could not believe the experience. 
The closest thing to the art of the elves would have to be from the east, and only their women had any ability with the art of song and dance. The men were trained for war. Of course they had craftsman, shopkeepers, farmers, and all the lot a people needs to sustain itself. The difference was that all of their men also were prepared to fight and knew how, thanks to years of tradition and teachings. If any man were a match for an elf in combat hand to hand it would be one from the east. Six Swords was someone that Artirius would not have wanted to battle. Six Swords would have been able to kill an elf.
Done reminiscing, Artirius continued through town. He came to the second ring, which was essentially the same as the first fortified ring of the city. Here it was a bit heavier and denser. The magic that guarded it was far more potent. How any attack would make it to this point was beyond him, but nonetheless the fortifications were there and must be impossible to defeat. After passing this barrier the heart of the city opened up. He was in the center of the forest metropolis. The buildings here were huge, created from the oldest and largest trees in the forest. Large doors were wrought in the center of trees with windows, chimneys, roofs, and even eves and downspouts, but the dwellings, as much as they looked just like any other home you had ever seen looked just like any tree. The melding of the two was seamless, a marvel as always with the working of elves.
In the center stood a massive tree, ancient beyond the knowledge of any elf who lived and breathed. This was the center of elven activity in the southern portion of the continent. Known as Alastrial’s Heart, it was home to the king and queen, some notable royalty among the elves, and housed ambassadors, dignitaries and guests from kingdoms far and wide. This was not the destination of Artirius. While he had spent time in the halls of the Heart, he was here to visit the wizard and he lived in a home just inside the second ring. It looked simpler on the outside then the rest of the homes in the downtown area. If anyone who did not know of this place were to walk by it would look like nothing more than an average one-room elven home found elsewhere in the lesser parts of the forest. But Artirius knew what it really was. The letter “T” was carved in the center of the square door, the only special marking to be seen. Artirius approached the door and knocked.
As he rapped for the third time the door swung in revealing the interior. Though humble on the outside, the dwelling swelled on the inside, clearly with more area then was possible for its size. It was an enchanted space. The main door, now open, revealed a large elegant foyer. It looked as though it could have been a castle made of trees. The floor was paved with wooden flagstones, the walls laid with wood shaped like stone. It was a private joke of Tressnou’s. He found the human castle an excessive use of stone. For all the mass of stone that was used, it was simply a matter of taking away a few keystones and the walls would fall to the ground. Few human structures were very well designed, but what could be expected of them? The room did not have a candelabra, as was common in most grand entryways, but instead many candles floated around the room, all of them white and the same size. They burned with an ever-burning flame, which let off a cool enchanting light. On the first floor a large set of French doors was front and center with two doors to either side which were smaller and divided the wall evenly. On either side of the foyer, two staircases spiraled up to a second floor hallway, with a large main door centered on the wall and the hall disappearing to the right and the left. Tapestries hung from the walls depicting battles, stories of the creation of Alastrial, and other things such as a tale of romance between two lovers who did not belong together, but needed each other so much that they risked their lives sailing away. Tragically they died at sea while trying to elope. In the end both families blamed each other and ended up feuding. In the end both families were wiped entirely out in the fighting. It was a tragic story all around.
It was wondrous watching the tapestries as the scenes moved. It was like watching a play captured on paper. Leave it to the elves to make things so captivating to the senses. Artirius had seen these stories many times over but they never got old. He enjoyed them more each time, he thought.
As much as he admired the works, he did not have time to toil. Tressnou knew he was here; otherwise the door would not have opened for him. Tressnou was most likely in the study to the left. Artirius moved to the door and knocked.
“Come in my human friend,” Tressnou called as the door swung inward.
Artirius stepped into the room, a large den with shelves of books reaching to the ceiling. In the center of the room was a table with a map of the world, most of which Artirius had never been too. From his time with Tressnou he had learned that they were merely on a large island, known as a continent to some, on what was actually a large plane. The name given to the island they lived on was Norta Massa. It was one of nine continents which formed a ring around a great sea. It was said, that in the center of that great mass of water, demons occasionally broke through the barrier separating the planes. No one ventured there, for fear of what might lurk in the depths of those waters.
Off to one side of the room was a rectangular table with eight chairs. This area was meant for meetings and such. Many great people had sat at this table including kings of men, dwarves, and of course elves. Tressnou had advised many on issues spreading far and wide. From battle plans to peace treaties, he had been involved in most of the major events in the recent history of Norta Massa. The table was nearly one thousand years old. That number baffled Artirius. He would be lucky to see one hundred years.
On the other side of the room was a fireplace with a smaller table. On either side of the table was a lounging chair. In the one on the left sat Tressnou. He was buried deep in an ancient tomb, as usual. Without looking up he said “Artirius, my friend, how are you doing these days?”
“Well old elf, well.”
“And the purpose of your visit?”
“To seek your wisdom, my friend. I have seen something that puzzles me.”
At that Tressnou looked up, closed the book, and turned to face Artirius. “Please then, sit with me a while.” He motioned to the empty chair beside him.
Artirius sat and looked to Tressnou, “It started when I returned to the east. At first I thought it was the drink causing it, but slowly I realized it was not. I had a dream.”
“Now my barbarian friend, don’t be afraid of dreams, most humans have them. Now as for barbarians, well-though it is uncommon…”
“Please don’t patronize me. No, it was a vision. I was at a place high in the mountains and I saw a constellation, one I had never seen before. It seemed magical.”
Looking intrigued Tressnou asked, “Was it of a woman and man bound in an intimate lock?”
“Yes,” Artirius was surprised.
“So Artirius, you have seen the sign.”
“What do you speak of wizard? Explain it to me, please. I must know what it means.”
Tressnou stared off blankly past Artirius. “What do you know of elves Artirius?”
Artirius looked whimsically at Tressnou not sure of the meaning or the aim of the wizard. “I know they are immortal, lofty, and wise. They live underground and in the forests. Some are said to dwell in the deep oceans and waters of the world. Some thrive on mischief, tormenting the lower races and sometimes even the dwarves and the humans that cross their path. They do tend to be innocent in nature, not actually wishing any real harm. Some study, and thrive on wisdom. Then there are those who hate and kill all that is not like them. You are a diverse people indeed.”
“Oh, Artirius, you do not speak as a barbarian would, you never have. You are too eloquent for yourself. These dreams you speak of may help to explain why. Your father was descended from titans. It explains much of your physical side and your prowess. You never ail and are immune to some magic, it explains much about you. But, there is something underneath that you notice much less, for it is like all diamonds in the rough, covered by layers of time and debris. Your speed, your tongue, and your mind are connected to something else. What do you know of your mother?”
“Little, she left when I was young and my father rarely mentioned her while he lived. No one, for that matter, knows much of her. ‘She was a lofty one,’ they said ‘a pretty little thing.’ ‘She was not a desirable mate.’ ” Artirius pondered grasping for more. “Little was ever said of her, my gypsy mother.”
A knowing smile crossed the face of the old wizard. “The sign, I have not seen it for many years. Which child, which offspring? It must have been of Sylvia. She was an airy woman. One of her daughters perhaps. They all lived very long. It is hard to tell. Humph.”
“Wizard, please. Speak sense to me, not to yourself. What do you know?”
“Oh young human. You are very well versed in our people. Elves are found all over the great world and are so diverse in their ways that no two are alike. But there was once a tribe of elves, a northern tribe. They are little known even among the other elven tribes. They were considered perverse. Taking human wives and husbands; mingling with mortals in unclean ways. Then a great elf, one of this tribe and my teacher many lifetimes ago, left us to join them. I was so young then, not quite two centuries of age. That was over a millennium ago. The vision which you see is a sign of that tribe, one that shows their nature. Though beautiful to your sight, it is an abomination in mine. What it means, is the tribe is calling you.”
Artirius began to grasp some of what Tressnou had muttered to himself earlier though not in its entirety. “So wizard, you are telling me that I am loosely descended from elves? Who is this Sylvia and who is your mentor, old wizard, and why do they want me?”
“Your human side, your prominent side that is, it always intrigues me. Forgive me young one, but humans always remind me of something we lose as we age. When we are young, and knowledge is not, well, not known to us yet, we elves attack things with your ferocity and demand answers with so much intensity. We lose sight of this as we age, though it is not fair to compare. You and your kind are almost all destined to live little more than an hundred years so what is to me youth is in actuality longer than a man can hope to live.”
“As much as I enjoy your whimsical banter, please give me the answers I need.”
Tressnou sighed lightly, “You ask these questions out of order. Firstly, Sylvia must be addressed. You see she is most likely as you humans call it, your grandmother how distant I cannot easily say.”
“And your teacher?”
“Yes, Atriel was his name. He took Sylvia as his wife, long ago. The fact that she was a human was his slap in the face to the rest of the tribes of elves. He felt that nothing was wrong with mating with humans as long as it was love that drove it. He mated on a few other occasions, both before and after marrying Sylvia, with humans, but those children most likely died due to the circumstances of the time. That is neither here nor there. Sylvia became part of the mountain elves from the north and haven was given to her there. Her children most likely lived on there and continued to marry elves, though do to the nature of half elven children and the mixing of bloods it is hard to tell how much elven blood runs in your veins. A true half human half elf can hope to live about the same length of time as a dwarf, though due to their origins, few do. People hate cross breeding, whether human or elf. The northern barbarians are actually the second closest people to the mountain elves of the north and it is likely that the gypsy woman came down from her people. She may have been one of the original children of Atriel and Sylvia, or it is possible that was one of their grandchildren, it is hard to say. One way or the other, it was the brood of Atriel most certainly.”
“You’re certain?”
“Yes, Artirius, I am. Only one elf could send a message that far. Though I am powerful I would have been taxed to send the message to you from here. He is twice the distance you have already traveled, plus many leagues more. Only the tribe of the north can send that sign, and only to beings linked to them.”
“Linked, you say. What do you mean by that?”
“Well, let me make this simple to you, for the ways of our magic are actually quite complicated. An elf is linked essentially to those of his or her tribe, the one they mate with, if not of the tribe, and any being who shares their blood. Also, it is possible to link oneself with an intelligent living creature if one chooses. So, because you are not of the tribe, and most certainly not linked to any elf of the tribe, which you would know, the message could only have been sent to you by someone of your blood. No northern elf travels far from that home, with some slim exception, so it most certainly means that an elf of only the greatest power sent that message. So with simple reasoning, only Atriel could send that message that far, your grandfather as you would say it.”
Artirius let all the information sink in. It was no wonder he was so much different from everyone around him. He was not just a human with traces of titan lineage. He was more. He was unique in a way only a few, if any others, could relate to. The question that he pondered the most was still not answered. “Then that leaves my last question Tressnou, why?”
Tressnou looked at Artirius, “That is a question that I do not know the answer to friend, not yet.”
“Why do your people hate it so much?”
“Hmm, what is that?”
“Mating with humans.”
“Artirius, we live forever. To watch the one you love die then to live on for centuries, millennia. It is unfair to yourself, and the thing that is created from that union is wrong, an abomination. They would be scorned and mutilated, tortured. Immortals do not have the right to trifle with the dying.”
“For such a wise elf, for such a wise people, you lose the point friend.”
Cynically, “Well then enlighten me, o’ wise one.”
Shrugging off the elvish comment, for he was used to them Artirius began, “Love, friend, is something greater than life or death. Let us also say this. If an elf were to marry an elf, and one died in a great battle or a tragic accident of some sort, what then? Would the one left behind not have the opportunity to live for millennia as well? To use immortality as a crutch, my friend, is a weak move for an elf. As for the offspring, it would still have the love of its parents, would it not? And why do elves, or any people for that matter, think that they are stronger than love. It can be toyed with using magic, spirits, potions and the like, but tell me, do you have any real control over who you love. No matter how great or powerful or, and this is the point for elves, how wise, love happens sometimes by chance… by fate… by things far more powerful than any being can control. And I am only 35 years of age, what excuse do you have?” Artirius jested with his friend.
Tressnou looked past him, deep in thought. “Humans,” he muttered under his breath. After a brief pause he continued, “For now let me ponder on the conversation we have had this evening, and take the time to contact a few people. In the mean time why not stay at the Leaf, you know where it is correct?”
“Yes, the tavern down the street.”
“Before you arrive there I will have made arrangements for you, in fact it is being done as we speak. I will call on you tomorrow.”
“Very well friend. I will have to see about a pint or two while I am there, not much beats the elven spirits. By the way, what about what I have said, what do you think?”
Tressnou smiled slightly, “Let us consider the debate open for the time being. You never cease to amaze me. Until tomorrow friend.”
“Until tomorrow,” Turning away Artirius smiled, his life had gotten a little more interesting.


Chapter 3


The Leaf was a very nice tavern located in the heart of the city, not too far from Tressnou’s home. It was well known from around the world for its unique design. As the name implied, the tavern was actually made from four giant leaves. They were reinforced, by some form of magic, to hold their cocoon like shape. One leaf made up each of the sides, one leaf acted as a foundation, and the last formed the roof. It was built, or as many say grown, in-between three great white oaks. The tips of the leaves joined together forming the front of the building, while the broad ends overlapped to form the back wall of the structure. If one wished to enter they simply approached the tips and the leaves folded themselves outwards and backwards while the bottom leaf folded down to form a gentle ramp for the patron to enter. The same applied when a guest wished to leave. 
Inside, a beautifully engraved bar sat to the left, housing bar stools with backs and seats shaped like leaves. Tables were found here and there throughout the bar in the shape of leaves; they seemed to grow out of the floor. These chairs also had leaves for backs and leaves for seats. Whatever wood it was carved out of was simply gorgeous, and the craftsmanship was flawless, as was expected here. The room seemed to glow just as the forest did but warmer and golden, yet not too bright. It was, as usual, a sight to see. The bar keep, a tall slender female elf, also had private quarters on the main floor and had rooms that she rented out above. They were not cheap, but seeing as he was not paying, Artirius had no problem with a room for the night. It had been weeks since he had slept on a bed. Artirius entered the busy tavern and moved through the crowd towards the bar. 
As he maneuvered carefully around a portly human, he bumped into a dwarf. “Oh pardon me my human friend,” the dwarf responded, looking up at Artirius. Dwarves were slightly shorter than the average human, and stocky. They often had full beards and heads of hair, even a little in the ears. He seemed quite average for a dwarf, though polite for their kind, for he had spilled his pint when he bumped into Artirius. That was usually as bad as insulting their clan.
 “I’m sorry fair dwarf, share a pint with me?” 
“Oh no, no, I will be buying the pint, thank you, and I insist you join me.” 
“It would be rude of me to deny you,” Artirius smiled as he responded. 
The two found themselves a place at the bar and the dwarf called to the bar keep, “Dear lass please a pint for me and the small man.” 
Artirius chuckled, “Not oft I’m called small.” 
“Not oft I buy another a drink, either.” The two hardly knew each other but they both laughed. They shared a few more rounds before the dwarf said he must be on his way and wished Artirius well on his travels. He tipped the barmaid on the way out so Artirius really had nothing to pay. 
He decided it was time to go to bed. While it was not too late he was tired. He retrieved the key to his room from the owner and thanked her again for the spirits and the room. 
As he got up and took one last look around, one elf stood out. Most of the patrons were busy with merrymaking and the like. This one was in a corner, with simply water, or what seemed like water in front of him. He looked handsome for an elf, which meant he was more attractive than any man alive. He was slender but obviously had definition under his loose robes. He was tall, not as tall as Artirius, but tall. What made him stand out the most was his demeanor. It was solemn, and he was buried deeply in parchments. A student? It was not likely in a place like this. The elf was just an oddity to behold. Artirius was a little warm from the drink, and did not bother with the subject long. 
Deciding it was time to find his room, Artirius climbed the stairs. It was the first door on the right. Even here the décor maintained the theme of the tavern: leaves. The bed, the small table in front of the fireplace, the arm chair next to it, even the toilet in the room, toilets of course a rarity to barbarians, had a seat shaped as a leaf. Artirius looked around admiring the place. He sat in the chair next to the fireplace. This fireplace was enchanted. One merely had to think of how intense they wanted the fire to be and it would match their need. It could even be turned off at will. 
As he sat, he thought about the events that had recently passed. What was coming to him? What did all of these visions mean? Would he finally find what he was looking for in this world? Too many questions plagued his mind. He decided it best to let sleep sort everything out, so he went to his bed, closed his eyes, and slumbered deeply. 
Artirius woke past midmorning, feeling more refreshed than he had in months. The dream, for some reason, did not come to him last night. Why was beyond him, but it seemed unimportant. He cleaned up a bit, even shaved, for he had not for some time. Looking in the mirror, his long light brown hair fell over his shoulders, and his blue eyes told the story of a man older in experiences then his years. For a man that had lived his life he still looked pretty good. Some would have called him rugged, even handsome. He shook his head, smiling. With a heavy burden on his shoulders this is what he thought of. He finished up and put together his belongings. Looking around his room one more time, he decided that he may as well head down to see if he had been called on. 
As he moved down the stairs towards the bar, the female elf glanced up smiling. “Well my big guest, did you sleep well?” 
“Very well, I really must thank you, it is not often I have ever slept that soundly. May I ask, has anyone called upon me yet this morning?”
 “Actually, yes. Tressnou has asked that you meet with him when you wake. Also the local authorities thought you may like this back.” She held his purse of coins. 
It baffled him. He checked where the coins would have hung from his bag and they were most certainly gone. “Thank you ma’am, I cannot believe it was recovered, and that it was recognized as mine.” 
“Well, it was actually the dwarf friend of yours last night. He very likely paid for your drinks with your coins. It seems that the local law enforcement was onto him before he even stole from you. They trailed him all night and set a rather simple trap.” 
“What kind of trap?” 
“Thieves pray on opportunity, human, regardless of race. So one of the local security forces pretended to be grossly intoxicated in an alley near a shady tavern, an opportune moment for any thief, and the rest is, as you say, history. A few of the force sprung from hiding and, well, the dwarf was not nimble enough to get away, though he did manage to injure one of the officers. Not too badly, he’ll live, but hopefully he learns his lesson.” 
“How did they know this was mine?” 
“The leather. It clearly comes from the north and as you are the only northern barbarian roaming around this town, in fact the only one from anywhere north of Deep Hollow, it just made sense. And Artirius, a person of your stature is better known, than you may like. As soon as you were seen entering the forest every elf in the woods knew you were here. I knew you the moment you entered this room, even though this was your first visit to my tavern.” 
“All of this for me, just a simple barbarian. I have done little to deserve the renown.”
“Humility, that is something little known among your kind, Artirius. The tales of your journeys and accomplishments are known by most of my kind. You are far better known than you would like to admit.”
“Bigger than I want, but I continue to fear that I may have no choice in the issue. I just keep doing things that others simply can’t.” 
A knowledgeable smile crossed the elf’s face, “Here than. I have packed this for you, take it. Save it for the times food is scarce.” 
Curiously Artirius inquired, “What is it?” 
“It is some of our spirits to keep you warm, as well as a food we prepare. It resembles what you would call a fruit cookie, but will last for years, and is very filling and nutritious. Good luck in whatever is to come, for it seems that you everywhere you go, some great thing happens, rather you intend for it or not.” 
“After this many years it still comes as a surprise to me, though it most likely should not. Thank you, and goodbye.” 
“The same to you, Artirius,” the slender elf nodded goodbye.
At that he turned and walked to the entrance. The leaves, as expected, rolled out of his way and gave him passage to the street. He made his way through the busy streets, winding here and there around obstacles presented before him. He arrived at the door to the house of Tressnou as an elf hurriedly departed. He only briefly saw the elf, but was sure it was the same one which stood out the night before at The Leaf. Not really knowing what to make of it, he knocked and entered the dwelling. He could hear talking from the study though it was muffled. He moved toward the door. It seemed that three or four people were discussing something of importance. Artirius vaguely heard the word “mongrel”. 
It seemed that all was not peaceful in the north either, because Deep Hollow was mentioned. Not wanting to hear half-truths in muffled voices he tapped on the door to the study. 
Tressnou called “Come in, Artirius.” The answer was short and efficient. 
Artirius entered and instinctively turned to face the table where so many had taken the advice of the wise wizard over the years. At Tressnou’s side were two elves. Artirius recognized them both. Laebon was a commander in the FILO a Special Forces operation of the elves, if such a thing were necessary. They were, as the name stood for, the “First In, Last Out.” He was an exceptional elf, exceeding most even in the elven world. He was of average height for their kind, but slightly bulkier. This, which deceived some, did not make him slower. He was fast and strong, deadly to all that opposed him. 
The elf next to him was Haelor. He represented the entire military. The only forces not in his command were that of the royal guard, which followed order from the king and Regala, the head of the Guard. Haelor was only a few hundred years younger than Tressnou, but looked far older than him. Years of stress and battle had their affect even on the elves, though they were immortal they still could wear a bit with time. 
At first Artirius had not noticed the figure sitting opposite the standing elves. The dwarf was slender, very odd for a dwarf, but average in height. He was not familiar with this one. 
“Artirius, hello,” Tressnou acknowledged the barbarian with a nod. “I am sure introductions with Haelor and Laebon are not needed, but perhaps with our third friend here, they are. This is an agent of mine who acts as my emissary to the dwarves. You see, something was on my mind yesterday aside from you my friend. It seems that the gnolls have been at work up north. I normally receive monthly reports from Deep Hollow and the dwarves of the region from Balic, here,” Tressnou motioned toward the dwarf. “What had bothered me was that I had not heard from him for nearly three months until yesterday. 
“He scurried in just after you left and reported that he had trouble on his way to Deep Hollow from the northern paths. Gnolls were doing a little rampaging and pillaging around the trade roads. He found it a challenge returning to Deep Hollow. Normally this could be considered a brief raiding party or something of that nature, as gnolls are often scavengers. Some of the tribes are nomadic, some settle in mountainous regions. In many ways they resemble the barbarians, just not civil.” 
“I am glad my people are at least ‘civil’, Tressnou, but I must ask what all do you know beyond this? Something clearly interests you. Is there a secret hand that moves them in such a manner?” 
“Clever as always. Yes Artirius, we do believe so. We are simply unsure as to what yet. It may be little of nothing guiding them but coincidence. I, of course, do not believe it is coincidence. The gnolls do not have the tactical ability to coordinate attacks, as precise as these have been. Deep Hollow is a key point in trade, as well as a chief mining location. It also holds untold riches and the hottest forges in the entire land. Some of the greatest items ever created in all of Norta Masa, from armor to jewelry, and everything in between, have been made there. It also represents the greatest seat of dwarven power on the continent. This is something of importance that needs addressed.” 
“Tressnou as great a mind as you possess, I am not yet convinced of this.” Haelor began. “It is nearing winter and many of their kind are preparing by ‘foraging,’ so to speak. They are collecting food on a rather active game trail” 
Tressnou looked at Haelor with the ferocious gaze of one far wiser than others. The look of one frustrated that the simplest things are being over looked. “Of course, Haelor. How simple of me. It never occurred to me the season.” His sarcasm was not missed by any in the room. “And I am sure that you can help explain the rest of the details.” 
“Go on then, if you must trouble me more,” Haelor showed his frustration. 
“O’, I will. Explain to me, then, the points you forget to mention. The gnolls are attacking strategically advantageous points along the path. Points that are hard to defend. They are using tactics of an organized military, far beyond their normal means. They are outfitted in gear superior to what they would normally have. And, if these points were not enough, then the last piece of the puzzle, they are taking gold. Not just gold, horses, and carriages. These gnolls are taking the travelers they have killed as well as those they have not. For what reason do they take them? What purpose will these things serve them?” 
“More to eat and burn. I do not know, Tressnou, but it seems that this is still a dwarven matter. No emissary has come requesting our help, and no immediate threat seems to be upon our people. As such, I see no need to go to Deep Hollow at this time. If we had more to go on, then perhaps, but we do not. So for now my armies stay where they are. I am sorry, old friend.” 
“Indeed. I believe we are done here, please see yourselves out. I am sure you know the way.” 
The two soldiers nodded and exited the room. “Artirius, come friend, sit here with us.” Tressnou motioned to his table. Artirius complied and took a seat near the elf. “Balic, please come join us at this end, lest we lose sight of you over there.” 
Chuckling Balic retorted, “Just because you were shot down out of the sky like a wubler, does not mean you need bear your insults on me. I will appease you, though.” 
“I pay you, I don’t think you have much choice in the matter.” Tressnou smiled. “This is where we stand, then. Artirius you need to meet with Atriel. Something of importance is coming and he needs you for some reason or another. In order to do that, you must venture back to your homeland and beyond, to the mountains of the far north. I attempted to contact Atriel last night through arcane means, but was unable to.” 
“This may mean nothing,” Artirius added, “but last night, I did not have the dream.”
Interest was in Tressnou’s eyes, “It is possible that my failure to communicate and your lack of a dream are connected. The means by which he would communicate with you in the dream would be similar to the method which I attempted to contact him, though mine would have not been as vivid as the dream.” Tressnou seemed to be lost in thought. 
Balic filled the silence, “It is grave up north. When I finally made it back to Deep Hollow they were beginning to close the northern gates. Only a few small routes would be available then from the north. This fighting is stirring my dwarven brethren. These attacks are normal for the season, but as Tressnou said, what is happening now is not gnoll-like at all. They have an ember under their tails forcing them on. What is hard to say is who is behind this. Aside from the gnolls in the hills, few other things live there. There are small groups of goblins, orcs, and trolls. Of course, their worg cousins live there as well, but they are less intelligent then any of the others. They are only big wolves you know. Some other player that is unknown to us has to be involved. I just have no idea where they came from or why.” 
“Artirius,” Tressnou looked to the man, “I believe this matter is of some importance. These disturbances may even have some relation to our inability to correspond with Atriel. I believe that the two of us should travel the road to Deep Hollow together, to see what more we can divine. Balic, I would like you to head first to the east. Seek out the dwarves in the hills. I believe that Norrak will be interested in these happenings. From there head north to Eastern Mound. Find out what you can at each location and make them aware of what you know. When you are done with this task, meet with us in Deep Hollow.” 
“Very well, sir. I will be off then, no reason to wait. Besides the best ale comes from the hill dwarves and it has been ages. Good luck to you. Tressnou, Artirius.” The dwarf bowed, his beard touching the floor with each dip. Balic left the room hastily. 
“The dwarves are the sturdiest race I have ever met. Most are far too stubborn for my taste, but Balic does his job well. Artirius, this journey may be more difficult when we get to Deep Hollow. I am sure you are aware of that, though. I hope that the hand guiding these attacks is little more than my imagination. Otherwise, we may be nearing war in the north.” 
“Well old friend,” Artirius spoke, “It will not be the first, nor the last fight, for either of us. Something in me stirs. I believe you are right, about things in Deep Hollow. I hope that what we face there is not as foreboding as you believe, but I feel war in my heart and in my blood.” 
“If anyone is suited to war it is you Artirius. I feel that whatever challenges we may face, that you may be our greatest chance for success.”
I believe you are right, Artirius thought.


Chapter 4


The two left shortly after Balic. They left by means of the northern path. It was just as beautiful as the one Artirius had come in on from the east. The northern trail lead them for a short way alongside the Hollowed River. It received its name because its origins were very near the great city of Deep Hollow. Fish seemed to glow here and there in the waters. Lantern Fish, they were called by the elves. Nature and the elven magic would never grow old to Artirius. It was the greatest work of art, next to untouched nature, that existed. The journey went smoothly through the forest. It slowly became less dense as they traveled, thinning out more and more until hilly rolling plains opened before them. The trade road was well traveled, and the two had little trouble on it. They passed occasional dwellings, and, on some occasions, inns that catered to travelers. They did not need to stop often, for neither tired easily. 
Their first news of Deep Hollow came from Hilltop, a trade town several days north of the great forest Atel. It was located where the trade road from the north split into the southern and eastern branches. Artirius and Tressnou came up, what was to the town, the southern trade route. The town was sometimes called “The Port on Land.” Not only did this nickname represent its purpose as a trade town, but it also represented the sleighs that were used to travel the plains. This was the windiest place in all Norta Masa. As such the people here harnessed that power. By creating a cart with a sail-like contraption, it was possible to literally sail the hilly plains. The vessels were cone-shaped in the front nose and the sides slid back to form a triangle. Wind could flow well over the crafts. On a good day it was possible to travel faster than horses across the plains, a great experience. 
They arrived at the town nearing nightfall. The outskirts were mostly temporary dwellings, some traders here to sell their wares, others simply travelers passing through for the night. The few permanent shop owners had living space at their shops. For those who wanted overnight accommodations, arrangements could be made at some local inns and taverns, though you paid the price if you wanted quality. Tressnou made arrangements for them at a nicer inn in the town. It was nicer because it at least had a roof, and for that matter, rooms. Some inns simply had large sleeping areas with cots in rows. This town was for trade pure and simple. 
The two decided a drink might be a nice idea, and at the same time a great opportunity to learn of anything happening in Deep Hollow. Neither had traveled here often, so it was a guess as to what tavern would offer the most gossip. They found a tavern built of logs and stone. The roof was thatched together from the many local grasses and reeds that grew in the region’s rivers. The nearest waterway was some miles to the east and the reeds most likely came from there. It was a well put together building one way or the other, and it was busier than the rest of the taverns in town. They entered and found it hard to acquire a seat, but nonetheless, they found one. They sat for awhile and listened to the patrons of the bar. Little of interest was said for most of the night. 
As the crowds thinned, a dwarf was overheard at a barstool. “Aye, things in Deep Hollow are all messed up. The northern road is closed, the main gate that is. A couple small roads will let you to and from the north of course, but those could be quickly closed and are easier to defend. The gnolls are doing odd things, damn long-legged hyenas. I have never seen them lay such precise plans of attack, or any plan for that matter. Something-smarter than them must be behind it. What that something is, is beyond me. One way or another, they need dealt with before they draw the attention of other players. Orcs and Ogres would have no problem joining in on this if they thought it were worthwhile. With the gnolls doing most of the work they would be more likely to join.” 
After listening to the dwarf speak, Tressnou commented to Artirius, “So Balic was right. We must make this a short journey. By the time we get there, Artirius, this situation may well have escalated.” 
“Yes, it may have.” Artirius downed the last of his drink, “Let’s get back to the room then.” 
“Agreed,” The wizard responded.
The two slept well. Artirius did not have the dream. Since the night he spent in Alastrial, he had not. It was beginning to bother him. Something must be happening. It may easily interfere with his meeting with Atriel. It very well could mean that the old elf was dead. The pair woke early. The room had been paid for the night before, so they needed only to eat a quick breakfast before leaving. They ventured out of the town before most of it was even awake. Tressnou had procured a “sail boat” for the journey. By using the land boat, they hoped to cut their travel time to one quarter of what it would be on foot. Additionally, they would not have to worry about fatigue. As long as the weather was in their favor, there seemed to be smooth sailing ahead.
As if to mock their urgency, they ran into storms only hours outside of the town. Luckily the ship was not slowed too greatly. The vessel shredded water well and was designed to naturally drain any water that may land on the deck of the little boat. After a few days the storms subsided and the travel picked up its pace. They crossed the great Hollow River, and continued north. The western branch of the trade road met up with the southern one; as they neared Deep Hollow. The road began to steadily slope upward as they entered the mountains. It was necessary to leave the boat at a dock, near the base of the mountains. The space was owned by the same company they rented the boat from, so there was no need to return it. After securing the boat, and gathering up their belongings, they continued up the trail.
They passed the first of many guard towers that lined both sides of this southern pass. Any force foolish enough to travel this way would definitely meet nearly insurmountable defenses. Not only was the slope relatively steep and winding, but the towers were designed to collapse into the road, acting like a wall. The debris would take a long time to move and in the mean time, many attackers would be lost attempting to climb forward toward the dwarven hold. In total, five sets of massive towers lined the pass, covering over one mile of uphill terrain. 
About four hundred yards in front of the southern gates, the terrain sloped slightly downward. This terrain would look like a welcome sight to any attackers that would make it this far, but of course it was not. Underground paths were cut here by the dwarves. When the attackers moved across this area their attention would be on the gates of the great city, threat from below would never cross their minds. When the dwarves below sprung the traps, it would be the end for the first attackers. The ground would literally flip over, and whoever was aboveground would find themselves trapped below; sealed in an inescapable tomb.
Finally, if the gates were met they too would serve as a nearly unbreakable obstacle. Three round stone doors would roll in place interlocking, forming a twenty-foot thick wall, and reinforced in-between by layers of steel bars. On the inside, three large steel bolts would cross the door as well. Entering this door would take immense power. If anyone would attempt to breach the door, areas of the cliff could be opened to pour fiery oils on attackers, as well as hurl small boulders from modified catapults. They were designed with hinges on the main arms. Though the arms of these catapults were short, the hinge helped give leverage with a snapping motion. By making adjustments for distance, the boulders could hit targets as far as four hundred yards away.
If a siege survived these perils and broke through the gates, the dwarves had miles and miles of tunnels that connected the cities from West Hollow to the Eastern Mounds. The trouble with these was that they were just like roads above ground. It was far too extensive to guard the entire route and it was possible for other things to occasionally move in to unguarded areas. The main cities themselves would have enough time to close off such routes in and out if needed to avoid attack from underneath. Along the way, some guard posts were set up with minimal forces, they were designed more as weigh stations to move to and from the cities. Passersby and the relief guard duty always left some supplies so the stations stayed stocked. It could be days of travel in between these stations, and unless you had an intimate knowledge of the tunnels or understandings on the dwarven designs, than you may easily be lost forever. 
Even with intimate knowledge you may not be safe. Cave-ins could easily ruin a route or cut you off from a turn. If a new tunnel had been formed or dug, you could take a wrong turn. Sometimes that turn could bring you to the den of an evil spider, a tribe of goblins, or maybe even the worst enemy in the dark, the drow. Dark elves were terrible foes that enjoyed torture. It was not good to run into them.
If it was impossible to escape below, for any reason, there was another route. For ventilation purposes, vents could be found throughout the great city. Each one had a ladder on the inside. It served a dual purpose. The first was maintenance. Every so often it was necessary to clean the vents, and the ladders made it an easier task. The second purpose the ladder served was access to the mountains above. It was only possible to open the vents from below, so no one whom accidentally stumbled on them would be able to access Deep Hollow. The dwarves designed things very well. They had to, in order to guard some of the greatest treasures and forges in the world.
Trade in the south had not yet been affected by the troubles in the north. People were coming and going through the southern gate without being severely encumbered. The guard duty was increased somewhat but not greatly. The dwarven defenders were very imposing. They carried pikes in one arm and shields as tall as themselves in the other. On their backs were the specially designed dwarven axes noted for their broad blade with a blunted hammer for a head and at the tip of the hilt, a pike. They also had short swords belted to their sides and as a last resort, daggers sheathed at their ankles. These warriors were not commonly on guard duty, usually the more lightly armored gate keepers were here. These were the first precautions in their alerted state.
Coming into the great entrance hall Artirius and Tressnou saw bustling trade all around. They scanned the area around them, taking in the dwarves’ marvelous craftsmanship. Columns spanned the length of the room, which was enormous, in four straight rows. On each pillar was a story, carved by generations of dwarves. One told of the quest to find this great place, others of the trials during and after the founding. One of the greatest stories was of that of the first great Ironfist. Geophry Ironfist lead the forces of the dwarven army to a great victory over an orc invasion many generations ago. They pushed them out of the halls and all of the central mountains of Norta Masa. The orcs were spread out to the north and south and even this many years later had not recovered completely from the losses they suffered. From that day forward the Ironfists had lead the clans of dwarves around Deep Hollow. The current leader was Ceadric, a great king. It was he who Tressnou and Artirius sought out.
The royal halls were not difficult to find, they stood out greatly. Two massive doors with the crest of the family stood centered on the eastern wall of the entrance hall. The crest was simple but powerful in meaning, a circle made from rubies. The circle stood for the great bond the dwarves had as a family, a complete union that could not be broken. The color red represented fire, fierce and powerful; the dwarves would be unified and deadly to all enemies. In the center, made of iron, was a fist clutching a hammer. It rested facing upwards on an anvil. This represented the craftsmanship, the ingenuity, and strength of the dwarves. The strength came from their forges and their deity, Maldor. This symbol was found on most of the uniforms of the military, though rubies were not used, nor iron. The cost would be a little outrageous if that were the case, and it would be a little heavy. Generally, this seal was simply embroidered in the center of the armor, or in some cases tabard, that the soldier wore. 
Approaching the guards to the royal doors, Tressnou spoke.“Good dwarves, we seek audience with the king.”
The young defender, clearly unsure as to how to handle this situation and unaware of either of these well known figures, looked to his fellow. Neither knew the two standing before them. “Well,” in the gruff voice of a dwarf, “what be your business?”
Tressnou would normally be amused by this but due to the nature of the situation he was not, “Dwarf if you do not know whom I am, that is fine. But pray do not waste my time with foolish questions while dogs bay at your doors. Get your commander out here and let me speak to him.”
The dwarf looked quite put aback from the comment. Giving a sideward glance to the other guard he turned and entered the hall. It was only a few minutes before he came back. His commander was talking as they came.
“Everyone thinks they are so important these days. An elf you said?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And some human, big fellow, you said?”
“Aye sir.”
Their steps neared the door. “Like I have time to waste on this…”
The door opened and out came a solid dwarf. He wore the tabard of the clan over his plate armor. It was not shiny as man’s armor. It need not be. It was dulled by years of war and conflict, for this dwarf had lived many centuries. His eyes were deep and knowing. His nose was big like most dwarf noses. His beard was long and braided, it came to just below his belt. It and his hair were black, but signs of silvery gray were working their way in. Wrinkles lined his forehead like timelines. On his back was his dwarven ax, at his side a longsword was sheathed. It glowed slightly. Magic of some sort was imbued in it.
The dwarf smiled, “Tressnou, old friend.” He extended his arm offering a shake.
The young dwarf guard looked confused.
“Why did you not tell me who came calling at this gate boy?”
The young dwarf tried to stammer a response but the older dwarf cut him off.
“Ah, enough out of you. Forgive the young one, friend. He has his heart in the right place, but has not yet gained his head.” The dwarf looked over to the guard who looked down, a bit embarrassed.
Tressnou spoke next, “Daelin, it is pleasure to see you again old friend.” The response was warm and honest. “I’m sure you know who this is,” he motioned to Artirius.
“Oh, aye. Artirius for certain. I know you have spent time in these halls, human, though I do not think we ever talked at any length.”
“No we did not, but it is an honor to meet you, general.”
“Well I do believe I know why you are here. I thank you for that, unusual times these are. Well, let us go and speak inside. Conveniently the king is about to discuss the conflict at hand. By chance, how did you hear of the gnoll’s attacks up north?”
Tressnou responded, “Balic, of course.”
“Ah, that dwarf,” Daelin smirked. Turning to the young guard and now scowling, “Well come along then, my guests. And if you feel like delaying anyone else of importance son, go right ahead. I’ll have you feeding the livestock for the rest of your service if you do.”
The young guard looked stricken. But he was a dwarf, stout and proud, loyal to his house. He saluted his general. “Sir.”
The general guided Artirius and Tressnou into the royal halls.
“Did you need be so hard on him Daelin?” asked Tressnou.
“Tressnou, you may be wise but you have never and will never be a dwarf. That boy will make a fine soldier. If you saw what they did to me when I first signed up, you may very well be mortified.”
Tressnou chuckled lightly.
Guards stood every few feet along the passageway. The group passed the guard quarters and royal kitchen, both located near the front of the royal quarters. Then a great hall opened in front of them. A huge tapestry with the clan’s seal hanging above a fireplace was directly across from them. This place was used for formal dinners and special parties. Off to the left, guards stood in front of a passageway. This housed the royal family and royal treasury. The four guards here were like the tip of an iceberg. Many more would be found in these halls, ready to die if needed in the defense of their king. The group headed to the right, only a single guard stood here. He bowed as they passed. This passageway led to the war room. The hall was short with a few rooms off to the sides where special visitors could stay. At the end of the hall was a large door with the crest of the clan, smaller but made of the same materials as the great doors leading to these halls. Two guards were here at attention as the general approached. Daelin saluted the guards and stopped at the door. Taking a quick breath he knocked.
“Who wishes entrance.”
“General Daelin.”
“Then enter, sir, to the war room.” The door swung open slowly. Daelin nodded to Artirius and Tressnou and they followed him into the room.


Chapter 5


The room was simple enough. Maps lined the walls detailing areas all over the continent. In the middle of the room was a large table with an overview map of the entirety of Norta Massa. To one side another map had been laid out of the area around Deep Hollow. Figures were placed on it at various locations, some dwarven, some others. This was clearly a map used for military stratagey.
Sitting along the sides were various leaders, some from the cleric order, others from the council of elder dwarves, and some military. In total twelve dwarves sat at the sides. At the head of the table, of course, sat Ceadric. He was over seven hundred years of age but had the vitality of one much younger in years. His hair was brown and rough just as a dwarf would be expected to look. He had deep brown eyes and oddly enough, no wrinkles on his brow. His beard was braided and ended with two pieces sticking out in a fork shape. He did not wear a crown, but did have a band around his head. On the front of the band was the clans crest. He wore his ceremonial garb, though he fit better in armor. His robes, which flowed to the floor, were red and gold the crest centered on his chest. The shoulders had tassels of woven gold. His belt was also made of the precious metal. He was regal and it was obvious. The three had entered the room in the middle of discussions.
“…and my lord, that is why we must act soon. If not this may blow up to more then we alone can handle. We already know that orcs are moving into the gnolls’ ranks to assist them in their actions against us,” One of the clerics finished his point.
A council member spoke next, “Yes, yes. We do need to act but rushing off to attack an adversary on their field of play is not very rash. We need to know more before we act or we-” he was cut off by a military officer.
“Or we what, risk the slaughter of our men? That will continue to happen if we do nothing and that is what you are implying we do.” 
The council member retorted, “If you would stop thinking with your ax and listen to what I said we may benefit. I never said do nothing, we need to learn more about the situation and not risk too much.”
“So, like I said,” the officer snapped, “we wait and do nothing. Foolish ideas, we need to strike and put these dogs down.”
The men at the table broke out in squabbling amongst themselves, picking at one another for one reason or another, each believing that only they knew the answer to the conflict.
Ceadric looked over the dwarves. “Why is it,” he paused as the council silenced itself, “Why is it, that when conflict comes to these tables you do nothing but fight like children? This room is for debate over the best action to be taken for our people. This is not a political game,” at this the soldiers murmured agreement, “and” Ceadric cut them off harshly, “this is not a game of stupidity.” The table sat quietly. “Tressnou, it is not like you, old friend, to stand idle at any table talks. Regardless of what is being discussed.”
The dwarves assembled at the table were so consumed by their own discussion they had not noticed the newcomers. They looked on with some surprise.
“When the conversation is so well structured it is very difficult to interrupt.” Tressnou nodded at Ceadric.
Chuckling he responded, “So you noticed it too then. Well it is good to have you here, elf friend. Your council would add much here.”
An elder protested, “Sir, if I may…”
“O, yes you may. That is if you wish to leave your seat. Do not question our guests’ right to be here, because as of this moment I invite him to this table. If you wish to challenge my rights, then please do so.”
The elder was quiet and reserved.
“Very good. So Tressnou, I am not sure all that you know, so to save time all around… Daelin please return to your seat here next to me and retell the events of late to our guests. Please Tressnou, Artirius,” he smiled and winked at Artirius, “sit with us.”
The two sat down next to each other at the end of the table.
“After you, Daelin,” the king nodded to the general.
Returning the nod the dwarf began, “Roughly two months ago, small raiding parties began coming down from the mountains from the north east, in an area we have never been able to completely clear of gnolls and the like. Due to the natural defenses and height, tunneling is next to impossible and assault is unwise. The gnolls traditionally move down and raid travelers as the weather begins to turn for supplies. It occurs each season and usually few if any travelers are killed. Livestock, preserved meats and other foods are what they usually take. This year things have been different though. The beasts are killing. They are taking horses, carriages, and entire cargoes. They are attacking in daylight, which is odd for them, as they are stalkers of the night. I would say they have the fever and have lost their minds, save they are organized and these ambushes are military beyond their organizational abilities. Also they are moving into camps that seem to emphasize an attack. Where and when are beyond us. There are several places that would be accessible from their location and all are strategic for us. Mining facilities, trade camps, you name it, they look like they are moving in. That is what continues to puzzle me though…” Daelin stopped in thought for a moment.
A cleric spoke up, “And there is this.” He pulled out a patch of what must have been a gnoll’s hide, “This symbol is seared into the beasts flesh where ever they go.”
The symbol looked simple enough. On the hide it was black, as though branded with a hot iron. On a circle rested a straight line and on top of that was another circle. Standing on top of that circle, was what looked very much like any man but with horns on its’ head. He seemed to be holding a small version of what he was standing on, in his own hand.
“We have yet to identify this sign but,” the cleric began to explain but was cut off by Tressnou.
“This is very confusing…” he stopped and pondered a moment.
Ceadric inquired “So you know the sign, friend.”
Taking a deep breath and exhaling slowly, Tressnou began, “This is impossible. This sign I learned of when I was but a child. This sign comes from the other side. It is not of this world. It represents Galmatros, a demon king. If this sign is here, then either one of two things must have happened.”
“What might they be, friend?” Ceadric asked. 
“It means that someone, some evil creature, has dug up this symbol and is using it for a driving force. That is very unlikely because gnolls keep no libraries and would hardly know what it was. Though it is an evil sign, it comes from another plane. The dark magic users of their kind have also been all but wiped out. It is possible that an evil human or drow could be behind this, but it would be unlikely, as both those races have trouble relating to the dogs. The second solution is more likely and seems impossible…” 
Artirius divined the meaning behind the elves words before he said them, “He is here then?” Most of the dwarves at the table were surprised to hear any response from the human. Barbarians were not an intelligent group, and though Artirius was well known, his mind was not that which people respected. 
“My human friend, never do you cease to amaze me.” Tressnou smiled. “Yes and no. It is likely that he sent someone in his stead. To come himself would make him vulnerable.” 
“Why not bring more, his whole army perhaps?” An officer asked. 
“That would be impossible for sure. You see our planes are close. There happen to be many more planes of existence but they are irrelevant. The reasoning why, is because of powerful things protecting us. The good deities, for whatever reason, loved this plane. So they closed the door to the rest of existence. The evil deities, though, could never allow such favoritism. Doing so would destroy balance. So they fought amongst each other. To avoid war and the unraveling of the very universe around us, a deal was made. One plane could have entrance to ours. That entrance was limited to an area in between the planes. It is like a town. It is neither a good nor evil place. It simply exists as a passageway between the realms, limiting travel like a funnel to water. Any being that wishes to come to our plane must enter through it. Occasionally holes are punched between the worlds and some few creatures spill out, but only small ones. It takes an immense amount of energy to open even a small rift between the planes, and they are noticeable. As I have not heard of such a thing, I find it unlikely.” 
“Where is this town you speak of then? If no creature has come through any holes, portals, rifts or whatever else you may call them, it must be the only way something from that realm arrived here,” a concerned councilman commented. 
“I do not know, but,” now glancing to Artirius, “I know one who would.” 
“This man?” A different councilman asked. 
“No, not he. But I do believe I now understand more of this picture. Artirius, you are being called for this great purpose. We must get you to Atriel. He would know the answers we seek, and it seems he wishes to give them to you.” 
“Who is this Atriel?” Ceadric asked. “I would think I would know of him if he were so wise.” 
“No one at this table would know of him, aside from Artirius here. He was my teacher before any one of you was born. He no longer abides at our great tree but far to the north. He lives beyond the barbarian tribes in the mountains.” 
“I always believed that to be the home of the giants,” Ceadric responded. 
“Yes, but remember my kind has a way of being unknown if we wish. They have lived there for some time, that tribe, and my master left over a millennia ago to join them.” 
“And why do you think he could help us then, Tressnou?” an officer seemed skeptical. 
“Because fair dwarf, he was my teacher. My lessons with him ended before he had taught me fully, but I gained more from him than from every great teacher I encountered after. He is the one who taught me the little I know of this new and great threat to our world.” 
After a short silence Ceadric began, “Well then, it is clear we must move soon.” 
“But my lord,” a concerned council member who protested.
 “Silence. I said act soon, not act foolish. Just because you are afraid that the people will not put you back on your seat when they have the chance to reelect you, does not mean you need to be afraid to do your job. If demons, and it is because our great elf friend says there are demons that I believe it, are involved, then it is important we decide soon what to do. Artirius needs to get to the north. These gnolls are in the way. They also threaten northern trade and potentially our own gates. Direct attack is foolish, we know this. We need to get to them though or Artirius will not be able to head north. What do we do?” 
Silence hung heavily over the table for a moment, but Daelin broke it, “Derril’s Point.” 
“What was that general?” Asked a cleric. 
“I said, Derril’s Point.” 
“The mine sir?” an officer questioned. 
“Yes. We could use a better assessment of the happenings in the north. Why not head past the gnoll lines and into their backside. Derril’s Point lies several miles north of where the gnolls have encamped themselves. It may also be possible to get Artirius on his way to Atriel. We may need the old elf’s knowledge to deal with our own problems here, and it would not be a burden to show Artirius the way to Derril’s Point if we were already heading that way.”
A councilman responded, a bit peeved, “This is all fine, but you forget that the dogs sit and wait outside the northern gates, what will you do, ask to be let through by barking at them?” Some chuckles came from the clerics and councilman. 
An officer retorted, “They could very well fight right through the beasts if they came, don’t let fear blind you.” 
Ceadric responded, “No the cleric is right, we cannot just head north Daelin, you know this. Not yet.” 
“That is why we would not head out the gate, we would travel the road underground,” responded the general.
 “The road is seldom traveled,” a cleric responded. 
An officer this time, “It is true, we no longer supply the weigh station between Derril’s Point and here, the mine does. All correspondence between the city and mine goes on above ground.” 
“But the road exists.” The general continued. “It would give us a safer route to gain information, safer than going out the main gates, that is. A small group could travel the road and assess the situations of the area from there. Afterwards we can return and give more insight to this council. If we are lucky, we can get Artirius on his way. If a demon is behind this, we may not be able to quell these dogs until they are all dead, or by some luck our human friend succeeds in whatever it is he must do.” The last words of Daelin were heavy and honest. 
A councilman spoke next, “Tressnou is well known across Norta Masa. I must agree with his assessments for his knowledge proceeds him. As for Daelin’s plan, it is the best, the only real plan we have. I say we cast our votes then.” 
“Yes, yes. I agree,” Ceadric nodded. “As is the custom of this great table, and law among the dwarves of Deep Hollow, I call for all now to weigh the things that have been discussed here. Let your mind guide you in your decision. Vote for what is best for our people, and not for yourself. All those favoring General Daelin’s plan, vote aye now.” 
The chorus was unanimous, “Aye.” 
“Very good. As it is the law, I now pass the motion voted on by the council. It is so.” 
In chorus the rest of the council “It is so.” 
“Well then that just leaves us with one final matter. Who will go to Derril’s Point, and lead Artirius and Tressnou on their way?” 
“Lord, I wish to do this myself.” 
“It is fair Daelin, as it was your motion you may handle it. Who will join you?” 
“I will bring my defender unit, the four will be enough for this task. They, Artirius, Tressnou and myself will go.” 
“Very good. As no other matter is to be addressed at this time, I call a close to this meeting. In Maldor’s name, I bid you farewell brothers.” 
“In Maldor’s name.” One last chorus. The group rose and left the room, save Ceadric, Daelin, Tressnou, and Artirius. 
Ceadric addressed the visitors and his general, “Well then friends, it is late. I suggest that you all wait and leave these halls in the morning. Tressnou, Artirius, I will make arrangements for you both here. Daelin, get your dwarves ready. When you leave tomorrow, take the secret passageway. I’d rather not see you going out.” 
“Any reason why, my lord?” 
“Trust your old king. I am sure Tressnou could tell you. If we are dealing with something of great evil, being discreet may be prudent. We do not know the degree of power they yield, or what means they may use against us. Now that I know what we may be dealing with, it is very possible we have spies amongst us.” 
Tressnou nodded, “Very likely. Demons have been known to possess others. If only one or few are here, a spy may not even realize what they are doing. Your council would most likely be the first target.” 
Daelin sighed, “It is possible that this whole time our defensive plans have been known by the enemy. It could explain their superior tactics as of late, too.” 
“Well then,” the quiet Artirius spoke, “we must remain quiet, so as not to let the beasts know our moves.” 
“Very wise words Artirius. Now I am hungry, do any of you care to join me at supper with my family?” Ceadric looked over the three sitting at his table. 
“I would lord, but I feel it better I prepare. We will leave early between guard changes to help mask our departure even more.” Looking to Tressnou and Artirius, “I will come for you at fifteen minutes before the sixth hour of the morning. Be ready we will move quickly. Good night and Maldor be with you all.” Bowing, Daelin left the room. 
“I do not see why a warm meal should be avoided. I will join you at supper Ceadric and I thank you for the invitation,” Artirius bowed. 
“I will join you as well. I have not seen your family for some time, Ceadric, friend,” Tressnou smiled and nodded his acceptance to the king.
The group left the war room and headed to the royal halls. They met Ceadric’s family, a wife and seven children. His eldest was four hundred, a fine warrior and commander in the army. The next was in her third century. The others were younger than two centuries; one was only forty-one. He was nearly fully grown, but still a child to his people. The meal was excellent: Roasted meats and potatoes, an assortment of cheeses, fine breads, and of course, the most excellent beer around. They finished with a nut pie made with rum. It was warm and rich. This was perhaps the finest meal Artirius had ever eaten. 
Artirius had spent time with the royal family on his last visit. Their warmth, from the start, had made him feel welcome. The king asked him of his exploits in the east, and about his time in the Untamed Isles. The conversation was welcome to Artirius. It reminded him of family, something Artirius never fully knew. The time he spent here in the past was brief, but these people always were welcoming, even to outsiders. 
“Ha ha ha ha,” Ceadric laughed. “and then he tripped and fell on his own sword. Oh, if only every fight were so simple to win.” Everyone at the table laughed as the king reminisced of a battle with an orc from long ago. “Yes, yes. So many great fights. This old king has seen some amazing things,” Ceadric paused smiling. “Well, it is time we say our goodnights. Old friends, thank you for coming to my table this night. Good luck in whatever comes to pass, and know my hand is behind you.” 
“As always Ceadric, the time I spend with you warms me.” Tressnou smiled at the king. 
“Good night, old friend,” Ceadric accepted the elf’s salutation.
“Thank you Ceadric for having someone as simple as I at your table.” Artirius nodded at the king. 
“Artirius, you are great and humble. If only more were like you.” 
“I am a barbarian. There are many like me.” 
The king laughed. “Good night again, friend.” 
At that Artirius and Tressnou got up and gave one last farewell to the king and his family. They returned to the royal chambers entrance hall. They were given accommodations in each of their own rooms, just outside of the war room. Artirius felt relaxed beyond anything he had felt for some time. 
His room was simple but beautiful, of course. Everything was carved out of stone and built right into its place. It was as if a sculptor had made this place. The difference was that the dresser’s drawers opened right out of the wall. They slid much more smoothly then one would expect, but this was the craftsmanship of the dwarves. The bed looked much like a canopy bed carved out of the stone. Though they were very rugged, not even the dwarves slept on stone. On top of the chiseled frame was a down mattress, which was over a foot thick. It was soft and covered in dressings that resembled the fabric and design of the royal garb. A working fireplace had a home in the wall across from the foot of the bed. And no dwarven room was complete without at least a small keg of beer on hand. The warm rich flavor of these dwarven brews comforted and revived a person. It was as valuable as gold. Looking around, Artirius admired the room. 
He knew that soon his hand would be needed, as it had in the past. His hammer would need to fly and assist in the quelling of evil. It was best that he got as much sleep as his thoughts would allow. He looked at the beer next to him. ‘One more,’ he thought, ‘who knows when I will have another.’


Chapter 6


Tossing and turning through the night, another night passed without the dream. It had been so common a thing that Artirius did not sleep well in its absence. From the time he entered and slept in Alastrial, the dream had not come. It was beginning to unnerve the barbarian, as if it foretold something terrible. He was not one to be greatly superstitious. Deities did exist, but they seldom played in the common lives of mortals and the children races they watched. The times were uncommon, though.
He was awake and waiting for Daelin before he arrived. The dwarf knocked on his door and called for him at the time he told them the night before. “Slept well I hope?” the dwarf inquired. 
“As well as any condemned man could, yes.”
“Ha, ha. Well let us rouse the elf and be on our way, shall we?” The two turned to see Tressnou sitting in a chair in the royal entrance hall. He was smiling at them. 
“You know, we all don’t have time to waste. Some of us are trying to save the world,” he chuckled lightly. 
“Sneaky elf,” Daelin smiled. The group moved to the main entrance of the royal hall and slid through the doors. There was no activity in the great entrance hall at this early hour, so it was not hard to move across to the opposite side. Here there was a large passageway that led to the military barracks. Daelin saluted the guards as they passed and the greeting was returned, but a little more rigidly. The respect for the general showed on these dwarves. 
They maneuvered down a longer corridor, with rooms off to the sides. These rooms had three purposes: to hold supplies, to hold food, and to house dwarves. As they continued, they passed the medical wards and a kitchen. The group made a turn at a ‘T’ in the hall and went down another corridor. At the end of this hall was Daelin’s quarters. They entered quickly and quietly, not wishing to be noticed. 
The room was as a commander’s room should be. To one side was a great desk with a replica of the plane they lived on sitting atop a pedestal. Many shelves were behind the desk, lined with books, logs, and the information on every soldier he commanded, including every mission they had been part of. A fireplace sat against the far wall. At the opposite end of the room from the desk were his bed and personal belongings. They were all in chests, armoires and dressers. In the center of the room was his table, which was covered with maps. 
At the table sat the four defenders that would come with them on this journey. As Daelin entered, they all stood and saluted. “At your rest, men,” the soldiers all relaxed their stances but stood at ready. Motioning to the four, “These are four of my best defenders, our elite guard. They will be our companions on this journey. To the left, Olie and Browlie, twins.” 
Olie smiled and said, “I’m the ugly one.” 
Browlie looked on grumpily, “We are twins you twit.” 
“I know, but it is a cleverer way of putting you down.” 
“Why you…” 
Before the brotherly love could be shown to its full extent, Daelin cut them down, “Enough, please boys, we have trying events at hand.” Browlie snuffed at the smiling Olie. 
Continuing on Daelin looked to Artirius and Tressnou, “Full grown children with sticks those two. Now,” he looked at the next dwarf in line, “this is Riley, and the last in line is Nugget.” The dwarves all saluted the generals companions and returned to rest. 
Daelin continued, “Now, I have gathered the four of you for a hush, hush mission. I did not inform you of what we were doing until this point, to maintain secrecy. You will join us on an underground journey to Derril’s Point. Our goal is to quietly slip away to the underground trade roads without rousing anyone, or alerting them to our mission. To do this, we will be using a passage that is kept secret from everyone, except the king and myself. What you see now you will keep secret, or suffer the consequences of oath breaking and treason to the clan. If you know, understand, and except this responsibility, say ‘aye’ now.” 
The dwarves chorused together ‘aye’. These were dwarves, and honor bound them to serve the clan’s interest. Nothing would make them break this oath. 
“Good.” He looked again to Artirius and Tressnou, “I can trust you as well, I know. So now, everyone, pick up your packs and lets go.” 
The others grabbed their gear and moved toward the door, but noticed Daelin did not head that way. He moved instead to his fireplace. He quenched the fire, and with a steel poker moved aside the logs. Underneath he pushed a stone. It revealed a stone cog with a little handle. He rotated it until something behind the fireplace slid into place and he stepped back. As he did, the fireplace itself slid back and to the side. Behind it was a well-cut passageway leading downward. 
“Well now down we go,” Daelin lit a torch and proceeded along the passage. Browlie and Olie lit torches and the entire group filed in. Browlie and Olie kept separate, in order to evenly light the way. The passage descended downward around three hundred feet, and leveled out. It was comfortable enough for the group, even the massive Artirius moved freely here. This passage went on for well over a mile. Then Daelin’s light found rock in front of the group. Daelin handed the torch to Nugget, and moved to one side of the wall. He pushed a stone and it moved into the wall. He turned and went to the other and did the same. At that a massive slab of stone slid into the wall, it must have been many meters thick. The area beyond, opened to a much larger size. 
Daelin went first and the group followed. “Welcome to the great underground trade roads. These roads travel as far as any road above ground and farther still in some parts of the world. As you can see, it is quite a large way.” 
Artirius laughed lightly.
Daelin exclaimed, “Oh, of course, unlike us you cannot see in this darkness. Even the elf can see a bit here.” 
“Well yes, but with a little magic I can actually see better then you.” Tressnou uttered a few words and blinked. His eyes were now very dark; they looked to be as deep as the world itself. “Now I can see very well.” 
“Alright then, this is a shortcut carved out in secret. It is designed as a quick exit in times of need. We are eight miles from where the trade roads meet Deep Hollow so no one will have much of a chance seeing us this far out. It should be two days at a steady pace to get to the weigh station. Be careful and stay close, these roads are not traveled much anymore and no longer guarded by the city. Never know what we will find here.” 
The group followed Daelin, as he guided them along. Travel was smooth for the most part. Occasionally parts of the roof had caved in and it was necessary to do a little climbing or digging, but nothing of great interest held them up. After traveling a few hours, they began to feel a wind blowing over them, and it seemed that the path widened. 
“We are coming to the ‘Undercross’ a natural stone bridge that spans four hundred yards over a chasm. Once, long ago, I knew a young dwarf who tried to climb to the bottom. After climbing two weeks, he decided to give it up and climbed back out.” 
Olie asked, “Who was it general?” 
Laughing, “Ha, lad, it was I.” The group was lightened by the story and the crossing was as smooth as the whole trip thus far had been. Opposite the Undercross a large area opened up, lined with stalactites and stalagmites. They maneuvered through them with little trouble. As they approached the middle Olie let out a yell dropping his torch. 
The group turned to see one of the stalagmites had actually attacked him. Upon a quick observation it was clearly not a stalagmite though. Lasso like limbs whipped out from the thing and grasped Olie tightly. He was struggling to escape as the creature opened up its eyes and mouth, with teeth that looked like stone daggers. Daelin moved in quickly with Artirius right behind. Daelin swung the hammer end of his dwarven ax hard into the creatures side as Artirius brought his great hammer down and struck the top of the creature. Each blow sounded as if it had crushed a great stone. The attack was so intense it all but shattered the creature. The creature let out a gargling sound and slouched down. It was no more. The surprised Olie looked amazed. 
Daelin patted his shoulder, “The lashing rocks, they are called. I have not seen their kind for some time. Evil creatures that look like stone themselves. This is an ideal place for them to hide. If that one was here then it is hard to tell if more are about. Let’s keep it quiet and move slow and together.” The group tightened a bit. 
They could here sounds all around, like stone dragging on stone. The lashing rocks were stirring as other creatures moved amongst their kind. From one side, a lashing rocks limb flew through the air toward Tressnou. With a quick snap of his wrist a burst of fire caught the limb in mid air. The lashing rock let out a piercing screech. Others now rustled around the travelers. They were faster now and seemed to close in on the group. Daelin motioned and the run began. They bobbed and weaved in and out of the standing rocks. Lasso limbs snapped here and there about them, but they slapped them aside each time they came. Some came close to their faces and legs but the group moved on. As the great open area began to close, it looked as if a wall of stone stood before the passageway ahead. As they drew closer the lashing limbs made what was in front of them clear.
Artirius sprinted ahead of the group, hammer in his hands. Calling on the rage of the barbarian he began to heat up. He focused on the stone barrier. He felt the rage about to consume him as he knew it would, but they needed to get through this wall and he did not wish to spare the time hitting the things more than once. He let his conscience slip away. Those behind him could tell you what he did next, though he would never remember. The rage that came to barbarians made them superior versions of themselves. As Artirius was superior among men, the strength he possessed was phenomenal. Two rows of the creatures stood, as a solid wall, in his way. He moved with the speed of a fast horse at full tilt. With one wide arc across his body he swung his weapon with all his speed and power. The creatures before him were literally obliterated the same way a small rock was crushed by a hammer.  Artirius moved onward, and through the creatures. Though he could not see, his rage did not stop him. The group heard him, as he moved on ahead; swinging at lashing rocks that waited beyond the wall he had destroyed. One caught him by the arm. Such was his strength in his rage he drug the rock to him and looked it in what could be considered eyes. If these creatures could feel fear, that one did. It screeched as, with one arm, Artirius raised his hammer, and down it fell on what would have been the thing’s face. 
It was silent. As the group got closer Artirius regained himself, but was slightly weakened by the rage. They were past the danger now and moved on down the passage a short distance and rested. Artirius panted lightly at first. The rage required about a minute of good rest to fully recover. In combat, if the rage subsided at the wrong moment it could kill a barbarian due to the weakened state. In some cases for Artirius, if he did not force himself to stop raging, it could consume him beyond the need for only a minutes rest. The depths of his strength were such that he had never plunged all the way to the bottom. 
After a short time they all stood and prepared to move on. They didn’t say much as it was not needed. Though they all had heard stories of the great man, they meant little in comparison to what they had seen. Whatever they felt of him before this feat, they now all respected his ability. 
Artirius looked at them all, “Shall we go.” 
Daelin grinned, “Surely, this way all, a little over a day left to the weigh station.” The road now resembled what it had when they first began to travel. It was mostly smooth. On this side of the Undercross there were fewer collapses, so it was even a bit faster going. About four hours passed before the group chose to rest for the night. They made a small fire to cook on and keep them comfortable. Though this was a tunnel, it was still underground, so the dwarves slept well enough. Artirius tossed a bit, but he too slept very well. Tressnou needed to sleep only a few hours. Elves did not need to sleep as much as the mortals, so he meditated on things while the others rested. Again, no dream crossed the mind of Artirius. 
Feeling rather refreshed the group got up to have a quick breakfast and quell the fire they had made the night before. They set out around what would have been early morning on the ground above them. They made excellent time again and Daelin seemed pleased, “Aye, at this rate we will hit the weigh station before I had planned, maybe even as much as half a day. Not bad considering those stupid rock monsters back there.” The road stayed steady, and they passed a small underground spring of fresh water. It was little more than the size of a birdbath, but it was not a bad idea they thought to feel up their water bags. It may only have been a day, but in the darkness it was important to take advantage of anything you had at your disposal. It could be unforgiving here. They took a quick rest and again continued on. 
After traveling a few hours more Daelin motioned at the road ahead, “Well, if I am remembering things correctly, the weigh station should be around this bend and a few hundred yards or so.” Sure enough the dwarf was correct. They rounded the bend and could see the station. A door stood in the rock with torches placed on either side producing warm and welcoming light. 
As the group approached, something seemed a bit odd. The door was not closed and seemed to sway somewhat. Daelin halted them a few yards away. They scanned the area. Daelin called out for the dwarves guarding the weigh station. “Hello there. Duty dwarves, where about are you?” No reply came. He motioned for Nugget to enter as Riley covered the entrance. Nugget kicked hard inward on the door and Riley followed behind. With a nod of his head Daelin sent the twins in next to assure no help was needed. 
After a moment, Nugget, head bobbing, came to the door. “Sir, all clear. But…” he paused, “you may wish to come and see.” He turned aside to allow the general passage, Artirius and Tressnou followed behind him. 
Inside, it was clear what had happened. A table was overturned and broken pots and dishes lined the floor. Upon closing the door, a dwarf was found hanged. In one corner was the body of another. It had been only a day or less since this attack by the looks of things. The fireplace was still warm so it could not have been long. In the back, the small bunks were torn apart. Beyond that, the store rooms were sacked of supplies, namely food, but other gear was missing as well. 
“Beasts…” Olie looked at his fallen brothers. 
“Aye, little more than dogs,” his twin responded looking also at his fallen fellows.
 “Not just the dogs,” Daelin said. “Look here on the floor, you see there. Though there is hard rock all about some dust lingers in these places. The print there on the floor is not like the gnolls, who are a bit tall to work in this room. They are taller than Artirius remember, and he nearly must crouch here. No, this is more like a boot or shoe. The mark looks orcish.” 
“Yes, they were rumored to be involved now, it would explain much,” Tressnou commented, while looking over the room. “I believe it may be wise to move on, and not to rest here. If this attack has happened, it is quite possible that a move is being made on Derril’s Point, perhaps even as we speak. It is less than a day ahead, at a stiff march, correct, Daelin?” 
“O, aye. But I favor a run if you can keep the pace wizard.” 
“I can match you, I assure it,” the elf smiled. 
The dwarves gathered up their dead friends. Normally a burial service would be the custom, but due to the nature of things it was not possible. So the other custom was upheld instead. They were wrapped in linens and laid on as much wood as could be gathered, from the remains of the table and chairs. They placed oil on them, to quicken the flames. Daelin acquired the dwarves’ papers to identify them later. “In service you died for our people. May Maldor guide you to his Halls. Goodbye brothers.” He solemnly lit the pyre in front of him. Smoke rolled up the fireplace’s chimney. 
Turning, they all moved to the door, and opened it. Riley went first, his head hanging low. As he passed over the threshold, a whizzing sound came from his right. He did not have time to see the arrow, whistling through the air. It pierced his shoulder. He rolled away feeling the pain as he dropped his pike. He knelt and realized he was prone. Looking up, he saw the spear coming toward him. It was a quick thrust, it would be instant death.


Chapter 7


The spear moved in quick. Riley grimaced in anticipation. The spear never hit its mark. Nugget’s shield thrust forward, and caught the spear. The combined forces splintered the weapon. Nugget’s pike found the flesh of an orc and fell him. Riley found his feet, moving with his back to the wall, his shield protecting him. Artirius moved past Nugget to the left, as his hammer found an orc. Daelin moved to join Nugget, the pike end of his ax catching an orc. He quickly spun it upward his ax end finding its mark and another orc fell. Tressnou moved to protect Riley, who had secured himself behind his tall shield. Browlie and Olie were in the fray as soon as the doorway cleared. Olie fell in beside Artirius and Browlie near Daelin. 
They could hear the gnolls growling amongst the orcs now. The creatures moved in quickly from all around them. Two orcs made a move on Daelin, his ax caught one as he ducked the other. Browlie caught the orc his general had dodged solidly on the back of the skull with his shield. He switched his grip on his pike and picked off the next one moving toward him. A gnoll lunged at Artirius. It was nine feet of hyena like dog standing on hind legs. It held in its paw like hand a mace, which it swung toward the great barbarian. He spun away from the move and let his momentum guide his great hammer around him hitting the beast in this leg. Spinning back around he caught the gnoll in the chest with the weapon, laying the gnoll out on its back. 
Olie moved past Artirius, meeting an orc with his shield, bashing it back. The stunned beast caught a pike through his chest. Nugget met a gnoll’s mace with his shield. The blow pushed him back slightly, but the same happened to the gnoll as his mace ricocheted off its target. Daelin slid in with the pike end of his ax piercing the gnoll, his hammer end swung up to intercept an orchish sword. Artirius caught the gnoll’s leg on a back swing of his weapon, and with a powerful swing across his chest, he met two orcs charging in on him with enough power to send them both away. Riley stepped forward, pike in hand, finishing off the gnoll in front of him. Olie met an orc with his pike and one moved at him still. His shield held that one back, and with a quick bash it was knocked away. He let his pike fly, finishing the job. 
Three gnolls moved toward Nugget. He plowed hard into the first. Before the others could catch him, Artirius and Daelin were there. Artirius did not give the gnoll near him time to attack. His mace swung upward hard, catching its jaw. The snap was enough to break not only the creatures jaw, but most likely its neck. It left the ground several feet, and landed hard on its back. The gnoll did not move. Daelin ducked a blow and piked the foot of the one he faced. The pain caused the beast to fall forward just to be hammered down by the general. Browlie moved in to assist Nugget, his pike sailing overtop the shoulder of his comrad and squarely striking the gnoll. Nugget finished the task with his own pike. 
Browlie had left a small gap in the defensive arch, which had been formed protecting Riley. An orc moved in toward the seemingly unarmed Tressnou. With the snap of his wrist he stopped the orc several feet before he was encountered. He raised his arm quickly into the air and the orc was flung some eighty feet to the very ceiling. Tressnou dropped his arm and the orc fell. With the crash of the orc on the floor any remaining creatures fled. There was no reason to be slaughtered anymore. 
The battle was won, but they did not have much time to waste here. This was only a short skirmish many more would come, longer ones would come. The group moved to check the dead, as Tressnou examined the injured Riley. They found the mark of Galmatros on each of the felled creatures, seared into their flesh. The demon’s hand was moving here. What was his purpose, his gain? It was not possible to know surely. Aside from that, nothing of importance was on the beasts, a few coins but nothing else. After assuring that no immediate danger was waiting for them in the surrounding area, they checked on Riley.
 “Well, I am no cleric but I believe I can do something to help. Don’t move young dwarf be very still.” Tressnou moved his hand up and focused on the arrow, not actually touching it but meditating on it. “This next part will hurt some, so be ready.” Tressnou held his hand out just above the arrow, and, as though he were grasping at the thin air above Riley’s shoulder, he gently closed his hand. Slowly he pulled his hand away from Riley, as he did the arrow was pulled out, by an invisible force. The pain was intense, but the defenders were able to block out things of this nature. Riley grimaced, but he did not shout. The arrow slid out entirely. It was tipped with a barbed head, which did intense amounts of damage to its target. Riley bled freely. 
“I did not wish to simply pull the arrow out, some piece of it may have broken off. Now, this is the part that will hurt, are you ready friend?” 
The dwarf nodded, “Aye.” 
Tressnou again focused on the back, and moved his hand over the deep wound. It seemed to bleed more now. The bleeding needed stopped. Tressnou closed his eyes for a moment. They slowly opened and as they did he breathed deeply in. Then with a quick snap of his wrist and a snap of his fingers a pop was heard in Riley’s shoulder and a little smoke billowed out. Even the tough dwarf cried out. The bleeding had stopped, though. “As I said I am no cleric. The arrow is out and the bleeding is stopped, a little fireball closed your wounds. You will need a cleric though for it to be of much use again.” 
Riley coughed a bit, “Thank you very much, great wizard. If I ever wish to feel like I am dying again, I’ll be sure to call on you.” 
The group chuckled a bit. The humorous mood did not last. They had little time to stand about. One way or another, they needed to get moving again. Some decisions needed made. Daelin looked to Riley. “How is it then, can you use it?” 
“The arm, sir? Not likely, but I only need one arm to kill these beasts.” 
Daelin looked off into the space around them, thinking carefully. “All right,” he sighed after a brief pause, “Riley, in your wounded condition you will be a liability if you keep on with us. Therefore I will make you valuable. Nugget, you and Riley will be returning to Deep Hollow.” 
“Sir…” Riley began to protest.
 “No son, I am sorry. You are a great warrior and your courage is not in question. Besides you both have an honorable task to attend to. Back the way we came is a path that splits off to the right. This path will bypass the Undercross and hopefully those monsters too. It will take longer though, about half a day I would say. Get to the king, tell him of what has happened. Request two hundred regulars, twenty defenders and tell him I would like Ludo. If this was our greeting at a weigh point, hard to say what Derril’s Point will bring to us. Luckily the beasts ran off a different direction than we came and did not head to Derril’s Point. Most likely ran off to their dens. Anyway, Riley and Nugget, you understand your mission correct?”
 Both dwarves nodded, “Aye.” 
“Good, good. Keep your heads up and your shoulders low. If you get in trouble, keep yourselves alive.” The last words of the general hung heavy on everyone. 
“Good luck to you, friends,” Artirius nodded at the dwarves. 
“Thank you, and if I don’t see you again Artirius, it has been a pleasure to see you in person, at work,” Riley smiled at the massive human. Nugget nodded in agreement with his remarks.
 “The same to you, good dwarves,” Artirius returned the compliment.
Daelin looked the two soldiers over, “All right then, off with you. Bring me back an army.” The good soldiers saluted the general. They moved quickly, Riley with only his shield the injury to his shoulder too much to really use a weapon. It would be about three days for them to get back and three more to get to this point. Add another day to that and it would be seven days, with luck, to get some dwarves to Derril’s Point. 
Tressnou spoke next, “How much longer do you believe it will take us to get to Derril’s Point at a run?” 
“Running, six hours with one break,” Daelin estimated. 
“Pretty specific estimates aren’t they?” 
“Did it when I was younger, took me four then, but I did not have an elf.” The group laughed a bit. 
“Or a dimwit,” Olie motioned toward Browlie with his head. In return, the brother flogged him. 
“This will be quite a jog,” Artirius looked off into the darkness, a little jealous of the vision his companions had. 
“Aye, it will,” Daelin added in. “Well, are we all ready for this then?” No one in the group contested him. “Then keep on my heals, we have a lot of ground to cover.” With that, the trot began. The group moved fast along the corridor. Artirius was a little relieved because the others were not able to move as fast as he could. His impaired vision was less bothersome to him, when they moved slower. The group showed great stamina, years of conditioning at work. Even Tressnou the wizard kept his pace, which was amazing for his profession. Like a machine they kept going, going, and going, on and on. They were fueled by necessity, urgency. Until that fuel had burned out, they would keep moving. Three hours passed but the group did not rest. There was no way they would be stopped. Pushing forward further and further, that was all they could think about. What could await them around any corner was not a concern to them, at the moment. Four hours passed and still they kept moving. 
It was Tressnou who heard it first, and he whispered to the group, “Wait.” They came to a sudden stop. Ahead of them and around a bend they could hear noises now, orcs and gnolls certainly. The group panted lightly and looked around. They listened more carefully now. They were relieved to find that no notice of their presence was evident. The beasts were at work with something, it sounded nearly like fighting. 
Daelin’s eyes widened, “They assault Derril’s Point. It lies beyond that bend some hundred or more yards. They are many, I see now their torch light ahead.” 
Tressnou looked ahead as well, “This may be somewhat more risky than our last encounter, so…” he clapped his hand lightly together and produced a quarterstaff out of thin air. It was white and glowed slightly. The top of the staff was adorned with a beautifully crafted replica of the tree, Alastriel’s Heart. 
“How many do you think there are, Daelin?” Artirius asked. 
“More than two, less than ten thousand, fair guess eh?” 
“Fair indeed, how will we go about this?” 
Daelin looked ahead, “Keep low and quiet. Stay near me. When we move it will be quick. We’ll see if we can push through them by surprise. Knowing those beasts they’ll be on top of each other and not looking behind much. I pray we don’t run into our own in the fray, but odds are they will be falling back to better defenses. They only have a garrison of twenty soldiers here, seventy odd miners, and a small infirmary crew. Though all the miners could fight, they will not be well equipped, or prepared. Derril should be close to the fight, too. He runs this place. We need to get to him and close off this attack.” 
“I will attend to that, just keep moving forward everyone, and I will close the door on our unattractive friends.” Tressnou gripped his staff a little tighter. 
“I will hold you to it friend. Ok, follow me everyone.” And so they did. Daelin kept low. This section of the corridor was better defined than the trade road had been thus far. It began to resemble masonry walls, floors, and ceilings. It narrowed a bit, to perhaps thirty feet wide. They kept moving on slowly. The sounds of the monsters were getting louder, inch by inch. The creatures were ravenously assaulting the mine site. The corner was only feet away, and the creatures were not ceasing. Daelin peaked just around the corner and motioned for the others to move around with him. Olie and Browlie moved each to a wall, Artirius to the center, Daelin just behind him. Tressnou stayed back slightly. 
Before them was a sea of limbs and bodies. Orcs and gnolls lined the hall packing it tightly. They numbered near one hundred at least. Just beyond the masses they could hear the fighting dwarves, desperately holding the line. They were only a few yards from being pushed back into the service halls of the mine. Behind them lay the store rooms, sleeping quarters and infirmary, beyond that would be mines and entrance halls. The sea of monsters was surging forward. Artirius motioned for the twins to come in close to him. He looked back at Daelin and Tressnou. They were all ready. Artirius looked forward. 
He roared a fierce battle cry. It rang above the fighting and stopped the wave in its place, for a moment. The few creatures in the back looked on in fear, momentarily stunned, unsure what to do. Their fellows in front of them trapped them. Artirius ducked low and aimed his shoulder. He ducked down slightly farther, then like a great cat propelled himself forward. He was an engine that would not be stopped. The first orcs tried to scramble away, but to no avail. Artirius steam rolled on into them. Fighting and pushing they prodded on. Unable to turn around the monsters could only be run over. Those that were pushed to one side or the other were beaten away by Daelin or Tressnou. Gnolls and orcs alike were flung aside. The shields of the twins acted as plows, as did the mighty shoulders of Artirius. They neared the frontlines of fighting. They had pushed through fifty feet of their opponents, and only had a few more feet of churning left to go. 
When they were closer still; the sea of monsters seemed to stop moving forward. Daelin took the time to yell, “Dwarves of Derril’s Point, get to the hall. We are closing this road.”
Ahead of them they saw the dwarves that were squatting behind their defenses. They heard the words of the general, not all realizing it was him, but still listening. They all fell back slowly. The sea began to surge forward a bit at the sign of retreat, but not soon enough. Artirius burst through their front lines with Olie and Browlie. They spun hard as Daelin and Tressnou passed them. They batted away the first few attackers and walked them back slowly. 
Tressnou yelled, “Move them back, and when I say, turn and run.” So the three did as they were told. Hammer flew, and shields slammed. Artirius held back twenty feet of the hall himself, leaving five on either side for the dwarves. They pushed the piles back, even against the surging forces. 
“Run, now.” The order came, and they did. Artirius and the twins rushed passed Tressnou with the sea of foes swelling forward to swallow them. The wizard grasped his staff in both hands, raised it in the air, and brought it down. The staff cracked the stone it struck. A sheet of air flew from the staff. It seemed to cut the walls and ceiling. The beasts moved forward, feet in front of Tressnou, foaming at the mouth to kill.
Then the ceiling collapsed on them. The crashing crushing sounds echoed loudly. Many of the beasts in the front lay dead inches from the wizard, paws and hands still squirming slightly. This door to Derril’s Point was closed, for now.
“Well, that was close,” Tressnou turned to face his companions, “Shall we go in?” and he strode right past the group.
“Elves,” Daelin sighed. He, too, moved into Derril’s Point, Artirius, Olie, and Browlie behind him. The trade road met Derril’s Point at a fifteen-foot wide hall. The hall ran some two hundred and fifty feet. On the side to the left were two doors spaced out rather evenly, on the right there were three. Here and there stood tired dwarves, many bloodied and injured. Tressnou stopped near one and asked of Derril. The dwarf motioned to the door in the middle on the right hand side. Tressnou nodded and motioned the group to the door. Daelin moved first. He rapped.
“Come, come…” was the call.
Daelin opened the door and moved in, the others following the lead. This was the infirmary, most certainly. It had not seen this much work for some time, if ever. Four beds lined the wall, small tables between them. These were all full with what looked like severely injured soldiers. One corner was covered by screens, an area where surgeries were preformed, or examinations maybe. On the floor in one corner were four mounds covered by sheets. Along the last wall counters and shelves held various supplies of a medical nature. In the center of the room several cots were set up to add to the capacity. Those lying here seemed less distressed then the ones on the beds. Two clerics busily moved about with two attendants. They cleansed and healed what could be with their divine gifts, but with so many hurt it was not possible for their powers to keep up with the work. They had to resort to the classic healing methods, bandages, salves, stitching, cutting… they were a little out of practice of course, as in general these methods were seldom needed. Among them, one stood out. The fifth dwarf in the room moving quickly to aid his fallen. Derril Farpoint.
He was a tall dwarf, a little over five and a half feet in height. His hair was gray and dusty as most mining dwarves. His eyes were deep and warm. His face had seen more years then even Ceadric the great king of the people. The hair on his head was braided in a single strand which fell nearly to his knees. Oddly for a dwarf, his beard was trimmed, still full and fluffy just not long and dangly. He did not notice the group at first, but as he turned to tend to another wounded dwarf his eyes caught Daelin.
A bit shocked but obviously relieved, Derril embraced the general, “Aye, old friend. Nice to see you made it to my party.” He looked off to the cloth covered mounds in the corner.
“What are we looking at Derril? What are our losses?” The general could not rest yet. He had work to do and though he knew Derril was shaken by this, he needed answers from the old dwarf.
Derril’s words came slowly, “Eighteen injured, four more gravely so, and four dead. We were very lucky Daelin, very lucky.”
“Have you secured the upper hall doors yet?”
“They are closed and locked, but that is it thus far.”
“Olie, Browlie, grab some men and head up the passage. To the left will be the doors leading to the upper halls. See what is on the other side, carefully. If it is safe for the time then look about, if not close it up. The mines will be to the right… Derril are anymore down that way?”
“Yes, a few I think. They are very deep down.”
“Right then. When you head up that way send also a few down to the mines, and get them back up here quickly. Go now.”
Olie and Browlie saluted and quickly left the room, tending to the duties they were given. The conversation continued between Daelin and Derril.
“So what happened, friend?”
At first Derril stared off into space. Then he looked down and wrapped up a miner’s arm. Derril spoke as he worked, “They came from the road, obviously. One of our boys went down to the weigh station to check on the soldiers there. He arrived as the beasts were killing them. As soon as he realized what was going on he turned and ran. The beasts heard him though, and they chased. He was so young…”
“Please, go on Derril.”
Choking and coughing a bit Derril moved on to tend another lad, to him a lad though these were full grown adults. “He managed to get here minutes before the beasts. They had caught him with their arrows and spears. He was bleeding badly, near death. His honor and loyalty, they kept him alive so he could warn us. He died in my arms,” Derril looked to the mounds in the corner. He paused a moment, then continued, “We made quick fortifications up front. They were pathetic. We were working on the ones you passed near the trade roads when they came. Nineteen soldiers and twenty miners did their best to hold off the horde while better fortifications were made in the rear. As their brothers fell the clerics and their helpers made sure that they were brought back. We would not have our family eaten by them. Three more fell and twenty were injured before the fortifications could hold them back. Two more were hurt after that. If you had not arrived though, those dwarves would not have held much longer, Daelin.”
Daelin was grieved by the losses but could not mourn now. “Where are the rest of the injured?”
“The ones who are not in immediate danger are in the bunk rooms. This infirmary was designed for no more than eight, with only the average sort of injuries and ailments. We are not stocked for war here. Luckily, this long stretch of hall holds all our stores. The food stuffs are stocked well, and the mining supplies and a few arms are secured, they are down the hall toward the upper entrance halls and mine. The doors you passed here were the soldier and miner quarters. I have a room off the soldier quarters as well.”
Daelin was in thought. He did not seem to move for several minutes. He blinked, “Where could those boys be? Artirius do you mind seeing what is going on, Tressnou and I will help tend to things on this side of the hall.”
“I’ll check on them, no problem.” The great man rose and walked out into the hall. He headed to the right, in the direction Daelin had instructed. As he reached the end of the hall he heard yelling coming up form the mines. He moved quickly round the corner. He just narrowly dodged a spear flung from somewhere in the dark. Three dwarves stumbled forward with a fourth and a fifth behind them. “Are there more dwarves down below.” Artirius yelled
The startled dwarves shook their heads, no. Grasping his great hammer tightly, Artirius called upon the weapon. “Thunders Fury, forged by titans, your thunder is needed today.” The weapon glowed bright blue and shook slightly in the barbarian’s hand. He looked to the mine entrance to his right. He stepped toward it as the first gnoll was visible, an orc skating along behind the beast. They now were the ones to stumble as they saw the great man wielding his shining weapon. A tide of their own people hit them from behind, and propelled them forward. Artirius raised the weapon high in the air, and let it fall. The blast was fantastic. Shear energy burst from the weapon, arching through the approaching throng. Its effects on the mine were even more destructive, as Artirius had wished. The ceiling held for a second, but snapping and crashing sounds abound. The beasts that were not in the front ranks quickly turned, some were too late, as the mine collapsed.
Only a few dozen feet behind Artirius was the doorway leading to the upper halls. It flung open quickly, an arrow skated through it, on the ground, as Olie and Browlie jumped through with another soldier. They slammed the door shut and barred it with a steel beam as the miners and soldiers who had fled the mine cranked a large handle near the doorway. A thick slab of stone fell from the ceiling and deep into a crevice in the floor below. Derril’s Point was closed.


Chapter 8


“Well, it could be worse.” Olie broke the silence as they assessed the situation at hand. Browlie thumped him on his head.
“Aye and you should have hit him harder, too.” Daelin said sarcastically. The general was not in a good mood; they were after all cornered. “So, they have found a way into the mines and have the main entrance locked down from what we can tell. Thanks to Artirius the mine is closed off, pretty securely too, I might add. Then there is the trade road. That too was closed thanks to our friend Tressnou. For now it is safe to say we are trapped, but secure.”
Derril nodded, “Yes, you are right. The main door is closed tightly, if they were able to destroy it, the matter in which the doorway itself is designed would prove to their disadvantage. If sufficient force is applied to push it in, the door will collapse, but in doing so the mechanisms above will bring down half the mountain, including the entire entrance hall. It is designed as a defensive retreat plan. In this case it would simply act as a greater barrier for us here.”
“Or trap us more thoroughly, depending on how you look at it,” Tressnou was being pesimistic.
“In this case, a deeper hole will benefit us more. I think. It gives us time,” Daelin looked over the group. “For now I think we take advantage of our confinement. We can use this time to prepare. Secure the wounded and stabilize them to move if needed. In the mean time we keep people here listening for any signs from the mine or main halls.”
“Agreed,” Derril nodded, “what do you need from me?”
“Get some of your boys working on putting together some sort of fall back defenses in these halls, from both ends. Also get some ears here and at the underground trade roads. We will need some warning when they decide to come. They will be wanting our blood soon enough, so we need to be ready when this goes down.”
“I’ll get on it now,” Derril moved quickly to the living quarters of the workers and soldiers stationed here.
“Well, what do you think then, Tressnou?” Daelin looked at the wizard.
“That we are in an interesting position. We will be able to hold off attacks for some time with our resources, but eventually our supplies will run out. Realistically there is little more we can do but wait. I agree with your preparation plans. We best assist where we can.”
“Yes, they could use our backs, well maybe not yours Tressnou, but you never know.” The group laughed at Artirius’s comments.
“I must correct myself, you used to amaze me,” Tressnou smirked. He turned away laughing, heading for the infirmary.
“Olie, Browlie, make yourselves useful and assist Derril.”
“Yes, sir. Will do.” Olie and Browlie got moving.
“One exceptional weapon you have there, Artirius. I have never seen it’s equal.”
“Many generations ago my grandfathers crafted this weapon, when the magic coursed more heavily in their veins. Titan craftsmanship at its finest. I can only call on that power, every few days at most. It is like the power of an entire storm, forced into a single ball of energy. It was useful in the Untamed Isles several times. I have never used it here on the mainland.” The two warriors looked over the weapon. Artirius seldom took the time to do so. It was actually beautiful. Imbued with magic, the weapon did not scratch, dent, bend, or show any other signs of damage, even after years of conflict. The long shaft looked like braided metal woven together in tight strands. For a grip, where there would traditionally be leather, this weapon instead had soft rope twisted together to make it thick enough. It was then woven tightly around the weapon, which had a notch on the base of the hilt to tie off the rope. There was even a loop of the material left at the bottom to put a wrist through if desired. The head of this weapon was massive, solid, and powerful. The sides of the hammer’s head were adorned with swirled etching and large oval shaped sapphires. The ends were slightly bowed out in the middle, not perfectly flat as some were designed. The weapon shone in the light, and it pulsed occasionally in a soft aqua color as magic coursed through it. The power of storms pulsing lightly in their metal home. The weapon was heavy, beyond heavy, really. A strong man could hope to wield it in two arms. Artirius could hold it in one.
“Well, good human, shall we see what we are able to do?” Daelin asked.
“Yes, let’s do that. One way or the other we are going to be fighting, whether it is to keep them out, or to get out ourselves.”
“Truly spoken.”
The two went to work, assisting where they were needed. Several hours went by before the group ate in the galley, the injured were served their meals in bed. The dwarves, Tressnou and Artirius were dusty and tired but more work was needed if they hoped to hold this place. The dwarves had managed to put together some barricades that would allow them to fall back as needed. If a retreat was necessary, a system, too complex for other races to comprehend, was put in place, which would collapse the walls of the hall. It would take time for their foes to break through, and in doing so they would be vulnerable to attacks from the dwarves. They had constructed two of these mechanisms on each end of the hall. As miners, and more importantly as dwarves, they crafted stone as readily as an expert woodworker crafted wood, and more quickly. A third and fourth version of these defenses were already being constructed.
Artirius sat with Tressnou, Daelin, and Derril at a table up front. They discussed tactics that could be used if and when the defense was needed. The fact that the enemy may wait them out also came up. They even tossed around the idea of digging a brand new tunnel out. Stretching and yawning, Derril looked up toward the ceiling.
“Aye,” he said excitedly, “this old dwarf is forgetting things that could very well save our hides! There, right there, and I cannot believe I forgot it, ha ha ha ha ha.” He continued on a short time laughing at himself.
“What are you talking about?” Daelin asked.
“This old dwarf forgets the mine that he helped build. You see, and I know that as a dwarf you will know most of this, Daelin, but please bear with me as I explain to those here that do not live in the mountains and mines. You see, in mines as you dig deeper and deeper air becomes less plentiful. So, you need to have methods for the good air to circulate down and the bad air to circulate out. Dwarves have been doing this work for many, many millennia and have perfected these methods. Just above you in this ceiling, you may or may not have noticed the metal grates. Well these are the ventilation covers. We have a more developed system here in the galley area due to the smoke and gases let off by burning fuels. The area above every ceiling from this service area, to the mines and to the main hall has this ventilation system in it. The exits are actually huge holes high in the mountainsides, also covered with these steel grates. The exits themselves pump in massive amounts of fresh air the way they are designed.”
“Alright, so we have described to them our ventilation system. We have little use climbing out, and you know that. So what use is it to us,” Daelin questioned the elderly dwarf.
“General, we have no need to use them to escape. We can use them to attack.”
Caught a little aback by the comment, “We really do not have the numbers for a counter offensive, and how, pray tell would we assault a relatively secured force outside the doors we made?”
“Well, I will not argue with you on that point. Our numbers are a bit slim. But as the vent passages run over the entire hall, it is possible to cut down, and into the hall itself. When the time comes, bam. Drop the ceiling killing anything below and dropping us into them. We are bottle necked any other direction. This way we can cut them off and create our own line. Once the area is cleared we can use the main door to filter in the rest.”
The group thought over the idea. Tressnou was the first to respond, “There is one issue with that plan of yours. Though it is tactically sound, they will hear you cutting the rock when you get close enough to drop the ceiling.”
“I could handle that,” Artirius looked over the group.
“You can make rock break quietly?” Tressnou asked.
“No, but I can make the noise it would require to keep their actions silent from our enemies.”
“How?” Daelin asked.
“These beasts. They are a braver bunch in a group this size. Normally in small groups they would just kill something quietly from the shadows, unknown and unseen. They do not like open confrontation. But they are in a war band. Honor and glory are earned for them among their people through show of strength. They know that we are aware of their hold on the halls outside the door. If we rush out in force they would kill us because we would show a greater threat. Instead, I can give you the time you need. How long Derril, to cut through?”
“Five minutes working fast and not keeping the noise down, but still now I too am curious Artirius, how will you make the noise we need?”
“Simple, I can call them out. I will open the door and confront them. They will wait, to see what is going on. They will think, most likely, that you are using me to negotiate, beg for our lives, or something of that nature. We all know they would never be so courteous to allow that to work. Close the door behind me, but keep it cracked just a bit. When you hear the shouts begin, they will be at their sport.”
“What sport is that?” Derril asked.
“An old dwarf and you don’t know,” Daelin chuckled lightly. “You are sure you can endure it Artirius?”
“Of course.”
“What sport?” the old mining dwarf asked again.
Tressnou looked to the old dwarf, “They will compete to take our friend’s head, fair dwarf. Generally one at a time, they will wish to show their superiority over the rest of the pack of wild things. If they get too wild or afraid they may come faster, may engulf you.”
“If they sent half of their number, I would be fine, it is the second half that I worry about,” Artirius smiled. “I assure you, I can give you the five minutes you need.”
The group sat in thought, Daelin began to utter, “The problem is that we just don’t have the numbers to fight off…” he was cut off as Olie ran in from the tunnels.
“The trade road. The beasts are clearing it. We hear the digging.”
Tressnou looked over the group, “Well, we may not have to worry about getting out then.”
“No, perhaps not,” Daelin looked intense, “Do they come from the mine and the hall, as well?”
“No, sir. Only the road.”
“Time to dig in, Derril. Let’s get these boys moving. We will focus on the defenses near the trade road for now. Any idea how far off they are?”
“Hard to tell sir, they are digging furiously though. I would have to say a dozen or more yards at least, but that is not far.”
“Alright. Olie, you and your brother get the soldiers ready, and pick out a few dwarves that can handle a weapon well. Get them geared and ready to position when I need them.”
“Yes, sir. Will do.” Olie ran off out the door grabbing a few dwarves as he did so.
The group looked over each other. Artirius broke the silence, “Well if we are lucky, after we kill them all in this hole, we will just have to move their bodies out of the way. They will have taken care of all the rocks.” The comment received a few light smiles. “Not as funny as I had hoped, but it is hope nonetheless.”
Tressnou spoke next, “Hope, is what we need now, as well as preparation.”
Daelin nodded, “I agree friend, let us four do just that.”
At that, the group got to work. They organized the defenses and helped in the construction of the baricades. An hour or so passed and the digging in the tunnel inched forward. Muffled yells were heard from the other side, but they were not easily made out. The anticipation was intense as the dwarves, man and elf dug in. An half hour more passed and as much as could be done was. The fourth barricade was prepared, ready to use if needed. They dug in waiting and listening. The yells were coming louder now, and sounding more and more distinct, though not orc or gnoll. It sounded like something they all could make out clearly. They waited a little while longer and finely, from the other side, the voice came through, “Hello in there, can you hear us.” It was the common tongue, shared by humans, elves, dwarves and their ilk.
“Aye we can,” Daelin yelled.
“Are you all right in there? How many of you are there?”
“We have some injured but most of us are safe here.”
“We are working our way to you, sit tight.”
Derril looked to the miners, “Don’t just sit on your rears, get them moving. Get me a pick and shovel. Come on now let’s dig. Our brothers are helping us out, the least we can do is move some stones for them.”
The dwarves started in on the rocks. If they were naturals at carving and crafting stone, their abilities at digging were supernatural. They cut and crushed and reinforced the work as they went. In no short order they heard their brothers on the other side of the pile. They were digging too, and just as hard. Now it was like a race, the dwarves competing against one another to see who could break through more stone. It took another hour, but finally holes broke open and the brothers greeted one another face to face. Within minutes the rest of the debris was cleared away. The face that stood out to them first was Balic. Next to him were two dwarves that Artirius was not familiar with.
Tressnou opened up warmly and relieved, “Ah, Balic, for the first time in my whole life I am glad that I hired you.”
The laughs poured out from all around them, “Well this is one of many times that I could care less to see you,” the dwarf retorted.
The laughter continued a moment as Tressnou nodded to the dwarves near Balic. Daelin nodded too, and acknowledged his brothers. The first dwarf on the left, who was stout and scarred all over his strong body, with shaggy black hair all over his head, he called, “Norrak.” The dwarf next to him all blonde and blue eyed, an oddity among the dwarves, he called, “Bulzad.”
Bulzad looked over the situation and asked, “What has happened here? The beasts I am assuming.”
Daelin responded, “O, aye. We got here as they were beginning to storm the halls. Derril’s Point was nearly taken and would not have lasted much longer. We decided to close the road when we got here. The company was not all that desirable after all, so it did seem like a good idea, until the beasts were at the front door and in the mines.”
The newly arrived dwarves nodded. Tressnou looked to Balic, “So you have been busy then, my friend. How did you all come to find us?”
“Well,” the dwarf smiled, “for once I just did what you told me.” Tressnou smirked a little snidely. “Now, now let me get to the story. Anyway, I made it over to the hills and met up with Norrak and his hill tribes. When I told him that his brothers could use a hand (and in my case a pint) he was very willing to help us out.”
Norrak nodded and gruffly replied, “Hate those ugly beasts and their dog friends on their hind legs and what not. I am pleased to be here to help, and the hill boys are behind you.”
Balic continued, “Then I found my way to the Eastern Mound with Norrak and his boys in tow and met up with Bulzad, whom I know at least Daelin is familiar with. For you two though, he is the general assigned to guard over that city. When he heard there may be a chance to kill some orcs, gnolls, or, well to kill ugly evil things, he and his boys came along for the ride.”
Tressnou looked over and nodded, “Not that it does not greatly relieve me to see you all here, but how did you know to come here first, you didn’t have time to get to Deep Hollow that quickly and I doubt word would have made it to you.”
“Funny story there,” Balic began, “Bulzad, you tell them. After all it was your idea.”
Looking over the group and shrugging, “Well, it was a tactical decision really. Knowing that the gnolls were active on the ground up north, we did not want to take the chance to get caught here in the south. They could have found a way down from the mountains and either see us or attack us before we could get to Deep Hollow. So we decided to take the trade roads underground. There were enough of us that security would not be a problem on those roads.”
“Aye, that is true, but the road from the Eastern Mound does not come up this far north, at least not the shortest path,” Daelin looked on a bit curiously.
“Well, to be fair, that was a bit of luck,” Bulzad looked aside and shrugged his head over his shoulder the way they had come from. “You see your handy work most likely also saved you.”
Artirius looked a bit bemused, “Handy work?”
Looking to the human Bulzad said, “The weigh station. You obviously scared off some of your attackers there because as we neared the turn to Deep Hollow, some of their friends ran into us. There were only a dozen, a little less to be exact, but no problem really. So dwarven curiosity got the better of us and we marched on to find some already very dead gnolls and orcs.” Bulzad paused a moment, “Then we found our brothers’ pyre. It was still a bit warm, we figured less than a day. So with some thought, we decided the best move would be Derril’s Point, seeing as we found signs of you travelling that way. I sent two dozen dwarves on to Deep Hollow to inform the king of the happenings at the weigh station.
“The rest of us moved on. When we got closer we started smelling the beasts, ghastly smell really. Anyway, we came up behind them. There were seventy-two of those creatures and they were digging. They wanted back in. They of course are very stupid and doing such a poor job of it we decided to go ahead and relieve them of the responsibility and take care of the digging ourselves. Took a couple words to convince them, maybe an ax or two, but they gave in. Once we cleared them out, we started digging.” Bulzad finished looking around, “Well Daelin, sir. You are the superior here now, my boys are yours.”
“And mine,” Norrak chimed in, “If our mountain cousins need a hand then we will assist you. Besides, I very much enjoyed the killing so far.” Now most people would assume that this was meant to be a joke and most of the group smiled at the comment. Norrak did not. He meant what he said deeply. The hill dwarves were much harsher than their mountain dwelling cousins. They were good, but hated evil things to the point that killing them was like a responsibility to them. They kept a vigilant eye on their hills, and did not tolerate even a hint of trouble. They were actually in some ways similar to Artirius and his Barbarian people, though they were more adamant about purging evil.
“So,” Norrak continued, “what happened here then?”
Tressnou looked to Daelin who nodded back. The elf described to their rescuers all that had transpired: The council meeting in Deep Hollow, the travels along the trade road (he left out the secret passage of course), the encounter at the weigh station, and the breaking of the monsters’ line. He went on to describe the happenings in the mines themselves and the main hall’s “infestation” as he worded it. Lastly, he described the status of the dwarves, the deaths, injuries and need of mending. He also described in detail the plan they had devised to reclaim the main hall.
Taking in everything for a moment the newly arrived dwarves understood the situation well enough. Bulzad motioned to one of his men, “Get our clerics now; they can be of assistance here. Go,” the soldier hurried off down the line to fulfill his commander’s order. Bulzad continued, now speaking to the group, “The mine’s healing staff is younger and less experienced than our clerics. They can tend these wounds for you. We may consider getting some of the miners out of here and some of the injured that will need to rest after the holy prayers mend their wounds.”
Daelin looked to him, “Yes, agreed, how many dwarves did you bring with you.”
Norrak barked, “Forty good berserkers from the hills. No healers but not much need for those.”
“I have brought an hundred regulars, eight defenders and six clerics from the Eastern Mound.”
“Well, that is something then,” Daelin was deep in thought a moment. “Sooner or later dwarves will be coming down from Deep Hollow. Most likely Riley and Nugget will have gotten there. If I had known the degree to which we were getting infested when I sent them, I may have changed my plans. No use worrying about that now though. Bulzad, get twenty of your regulars ready to take these miners and some of the injured out of here. Derril, I want the soldiers who were stationed here to accompany them as well, I don’t care if they don’t want to go, it is not contestable. Once all the boys are stable they will all move out. I will need the clerics to stay, though.”

“You had best not try and kick me out Daelin, I won’t go,” Derril protested.
“I never mentioned you, did I? Trying to get you to leave your precious mine would be foolish Derril. No, I need you the most. You know this place better than any, and because of that you are worth a mountain of gold to me right now.”
“That is a relief,” the old miner smiled.
“So, General, we are doing this then,” Bulzad looked to his one and only commander, save, of course, the king himself.
“Yes. We do not have the time to route them from above ground. I am sure they would get the scent well before we got to them. They will not expect this. We are banking a bit on Artirius here of course, but I think that if anyone could give us the time we need it would be him. So let’s get moving. Derril, borrow a few soldiers here and get them in the vents and show them what to do, we need some big openings so don’t play around.”
“Will do Daelin. Bulzad I’ll be needing thirty boys.”

“I can handle that,” Bulzad responded.
Daelin turned to Norrak next, “Your boys will be the first moving through those doors when the time comes. Once the ceiling is down you’ll push forward. The regulars will create the line by using the holes in the ceiling as their means of entrance. Once we close off the halls we’ll clean out the creatures and secure the upper entrance. Simple as can be.”
Norrak nodded, “Yes. I agree with that. This will give us a great opportunity to slay some more evil flesh today. I will get my boys ready and near the front entrance.” Bowing low he turned and headed back to the trade road to get his boys. The berserkers were not really a group that prepared for battle. They more resembled the rabid fans of an athletic team preparing to cheer them on to victory. Their barking could be heard all through the service hall and if they were not lucky the gnolls, orcs and ogres outside the door may hear them. Their excitement revitalized the dwarves as they worked so they were left to their wailing.
“Bulzad,” Daelin looked to the lower general, “I need you to get your boys in motion, take care of the caravan out of here, I am sure Tressnou can help you with that. Once the civilians are on their way, we will get the boys up in the hole and to work. Derril, make sure they don’t get too close and either bring the ceiling down or give themselves away early.”
Bulzad and Derril nodded and each went to attend to their tasks. Tressnou looked to Daelin, “I will help them get the miners on their way. When this fighting starts I will join the ceiling crew, if there is enough room for me, in the vents, that is.”

Daelin nodded, “I would talk to Derril, but knowing that one, he was always interested in designing things well. The vents should be at least four feet square; you’ll have to kneel, maybe even crawl as you are a foot taller than a dwarf, but you should fit. Ha ha, never imagined we would be using the vents to assault foes on our own home ground.”
“Stranger things have been known to happen. For now I will help prepare what I can. Good luck my friends,” and Tressnou moved to assist the others.
“Well, my quiet friend,” Daelin looked up to Artirius, the last two people standing still at this point. As dwarves scurried around them, busy at their tasks, “are you sure about this?”
Looking around at the dwarves all about the hallway and back down the trade road, “Yes, I am. If this fails, you will need to have a fall back strategy. If we break, then I will hold the door while your dwarves escape to the trade road, and I will close the door again myself, and follow behind you.”
Daelin shook his head, “And you really believe that my boys would run, or fail?” 
The question was not meant to be answered, even so Artirius responded, “No. I most definitely know that you will all stay here, and fight to the end. This is your land, as men covet the earth above you do the same to the land below the ground. You are proud and honorable people. You will not leave.”
“And besides,” Daelin began, “they are just stupid beasts. You better go rest while you have the chance. Your work will be the toughest of all.”
Artirius nodded and tapped the dwarf on his shoulder. He could use a rest. He moved down the hall and found Derril.
“If you need a place to rest, then go to my room. It is just off the soldiers barracks, it will be quiet there.”
“Thank you,” Artirius smiled. He rose and went to find Derril’s quarters. After moving through the general quarters and closing the door to Derril’s room, he fell to the bed and slumbered easily.
As he drifted deeper, and deeper into sleep, he dreamed. He had not done this since his stay in Alastriel. The dream was like the original, the grove of trees in the winter. It was high in the mountains. It all looked familiar, but something was wrong with it. He looked up and did not see the sign he was used to. The two embracing lovers were not in the sky. It was replaced with a different sign, the sign of Galmatros.
The voice came from in front of him, it was deep and rumbled slightly. It was a harsh voice. “Hello, Artirius.”
The Barbarian looked down to see a drow, the dark elves that lived deep underground. It was not right for a drow, though. Yes, of course he was handsome as any elf. The dark, dark gray, nearly black skin was sleek and flawless. His high cheekbones stood out on his face. The beautiful white hair flowed from his head to the middle of his back. He was clothed in black robes, adorned with red gems and small skulls. He had an evil look about him, just as a drow should. What was off were his eyes. Most drow had vibrant colored eyes, purple, deep blue, white in some cases. Some occasionally had red eyes. But not like this drow. His eyes pulsed like untamed flames, a vibrant red, but not the red eye of a drow.
“Who are you to invade my dreams,” Artirius challenged.
Smiling, the drow looked to Artirius, “O simple creature. You do not understand. It is all right. Suffice it to say I am the one behind this little uprising. I have also been blocking these dreams of yours. Whoever has been sending them to you, has yet to notice. Foolish creature, too. Why the deities loved your plane, your races… nevertheless, I give you a warning, Artirius. If you go away, back to where you came from out in that water, you will be spared.”
“Galmatros?” Artirius questioned.
“No, no fool. He would not trouble himself here. My name does not matter. I am just a champion of his. Call me Pyr, if you need name me. For some reason, Galmatros wants you out of the picture, and is being generous with you. He does not make offers like this. Now I am done with you flea, listen well to what I have offered. Do not be foolish, though I doubt you can even comprehend what you are gifted. Now go back to your world, they will call you soon enough.”
“Wait,” but as he said it the world around him faded away and it was all black. He sat up in bed covered in sweat. He had longed to dream, but now he regretted the desire.


Chapter 9


Tressnou looked off into space, a stern expression on his brow. He was pondering this new dream. “I have a theory, but a loose one,” he said after a long moment, “Pyr is drow for fire I might add. That choice in name also made a difference to me while I thought. By your description it seems that a necromancer, the drow, is being possessed. The garb gives him away as a necromancer. He would have to be a relatively gifted and experienced necromancer to intercept the message. Though if a demon is possessing him, then his power and sensitivity to magic would be magnified beyond his own means. 
“I am not sure what you know about demonic possession Artirius, but let me explain what I do. Some demons do not have the ability to take a particular form in our plane. What they do instead is seek out evil beings to take control of. They seek out powerful and intelligent things as a vessel to reside in. The vessel is more or less controlled by the demon. The possessed retains all of its abilities, controlled of course by the demon, and depending on the demon in question, whatever powers the demon may have. In some vessels they are limited because the creature cannot handle their power to their full extent. Now this is the last thing. The possessed being does not recall any of the happenings. It is basically in a dream.
“Now, as an evil elf it would be an intelligent target to possess, which would benefit the demon greatly. It would also be the best choice to sway the masses that are assembled here. He could show them power and they respect that above all else. Why he is choosing this place and this method I do not understand though. Realistically, if the dwarves opened up in combat against these forces they would be at the advantage. The dwarves in the region have a sizable army at their disposal as well as superior gear, arms and siege equipment, let alone tactics and knowledge of the region. The only reason would be to divert their attention. It is a common move for an intelligent tactician. Of course the beasts at our door would not be able to devise such plans alone.
“This is the most logical conclusion I can come up with. The demon possessing the drow, this Pyr, he wants open war. If we don’t handle this well, then the dwarven council will grant that, and try and purge the monsters they face in the north. If that happens then Pyr gets what he wants. We cannot have that. Given war, it would grant him the opportunity he desires. We must snuff this, Artirius. If only it were just the stupid creatures at our door then it would not be so complicated.”
Alone with Tressnou in Derril’s room the barbarian thought to himself a moment taking in what the elf had told him. After thinking he looked up from the bed he sat on and said, “Yes, but we still need to finish things here. Daelin would not give up this fight, or for that matter Derril. He would fight them alone to protect this place. If they did not have me they would work it one way or the other. For now let’s play this out here. The most important thing is getting to Atriel. Now that the demon knows of him it is important to move quickly. If we are lucky maybe I can put an end to Pyr’s plans-here, anyway.”
It was not often Tressnou did not know the answers and much more seldom someone else did. He looked toward Artirius curiously, “You have an idea then, friend?”
“Yes, just a long shot, we will see how it plays out. I will be the one to handle it though. No one else really can. I am less worried about what I face in a few hours than I am of getting to Atriel. He is meaning to me. He is purpose. What he knows may also be of utmost importance to all those of Norta Masa,” Artirius looked to the door silently. He was lost in that space. Time was not something he had much of, or at least that is how it felt. Anxiety could not be with him though, not now. He swallowed his emotions and centered his mind. His task at hand would not be simple. If he fouled, even slightly, he could end up dead in the halls.
Tressnou looked to the human, unsure as always as to his thoughts. Few humans, and only one barbarian, had ever been such deep thinkers as this one. He was so complex it baffled Tressnou. Granted he was not only of human descent. Titan blood, elven blood, and human blood, what an odd mix of cultures and histories. In him was a rare spawn of creation that Tressnou had never seen before. For all this though, he was still human, still dying in this world more each day. There was nothing to stop that. What affected Tressnou the most was that among all creatures living, he found himself bonded to this man. He loved him as a brother. He loved him more than any living elf. This man was wise not only for his age, but also for a human. He was honorable as the dwarf, without their need for glory. He did not want it. This man was good, simply and honestly good. Tressnou saw this in him and knew that he would help him as long as he was able.
“Well, we may as well see what our dwarven friends have accomplished while we both sat here and stared off into the space around us. I don’t think we can find anything else here,” Tressnou smiled at Artirius.
“Old, and wise,” Artirius nodded in return, “mostly old of course,” he winked.
“Better old and handsome than young and ugly,” the elf replied.
“Better off drunk,” both laughed at the barbarian’s words. If possible death lay at your feet, it might as well be a time to laugh. “Let’s go old friend,” the two got up, and went out to the main passage in the service quarters.
In the time Artirius had been asleep, the dwarves had accomplished much. Those that had been assigned to leave had already gone. The remaining dwarves had set to work on the ventilation systems above the entrance hall and thus far had no trouble whatsoever. They had established three drop points near the main doors leading to the outside, and when they dropped, each slab of stone would be about twenty feet long. Only thirty soldiers, ten per slab, would be able to fall initially, but others could follow quickly enough. This was not Deep Hollow. The ceilings here were no more than ten feet high, so the jump would not be hard. The berserkers were crammed in the area near the door Artirius would be using, some had to wait in the hall. The regulars and defenders would drop down the holes from above. Olie, Browlie, Daelin, Tressnou, and Bulzad would also join them there. Derril and Norrak would be going through the door. Artirius already knew his role in all this, so he was mostly content.
An hour before they planned to make their move, they ate. It was a good simple dwarven meal. Some roasted meat with potatoes and bread. Beer, of course, was used to toast the name of Maldor, ‘May his hammer fall on our enemies, swiftly and justly,’ as the prayer went.
“Daelin, the work in the vents is complete,” Derril informed the general.
“Good, good. Then let’s get up there. Remember, when the beasts start cheering and jeering, make sure to call it down the line and up to us in the vents so we can start cutting the rest of the way. We may hear them, but in case we don’t we need to know when it is safe to get to work. Alright then,” he began to call out those who were assigned to the vents, as he did the ones called for scurried up into the ceiling, “twins first. Next I need the defenders up, lets go. Bulzad, you are next. Well that leaves you and me Tressnou.”
“I will be coming too, if you do not mind,” Balic stepped forward, “You need thirty and as I count after you two there would be one spot left.”
“How noble,” Tressnou smiled down to Balic.
“Ah, nothing noble about it, if you die I don’t have a job anymore. Looking out for number one,” as he said that he pointed to himself. He walked by Tressnou and patted him as he did so. Up the to the ceiling he scurried.
“And to think I hired that dwarf, ah. Oh well we all make mistakes.”
Daelin looked to the corner of the room, “Tressnou, your staff?” As he saw the weapon leaning against one wall.
“To be honest it is a little bit too awkward to carry up here. Besides when I need it, it will come to me,” he looked to Artirius, “Good luck.” And up he went as well.
“All right son, you are it,” Daelin nodded to the massive man, “as the elf said, good luck.” He put out his arm and Artirius clasped it in the farewell shake. Up Daelin went, the regulars falling in line, too. Some went up to fill the vents behind the first dwarves that were assigned to jump into the entrance hall, others waited below to relay the message up to those waiting. Artirius turned and walked to the hallway and to the sealed door that held the tidal wave of evil at bay. As he walked the dwarves all acknowledged him, some with pats, some with nods, and still others with respectful words. He was a man worthy of these things, though he did not want them. As he walked he thought to himself, ‘I could have been born a farmer, or to some baker, or something else. Sometimes I really wish I was, but then again, who would I be if I were not what I am.’ He chuckled at his silliness. He was not a philosopher and such play of words was not his tool. He looked at the hammer he clasped in his hand. This was his tool.
He arrived at the door and greeted Norrak and Derril. “All right then Art (Norrak found this a better name for the human and called him that) we’ll be here when the time comes. You all ready?”
“Yes,” was the short, simple reply.
“Be careful son, it is a dangerous place you put yourself in,” Derril looked to the man with concern of a father. Derril was very old. It instilled in him that fatherly aura for all those around him. “When you’re ready, we will open that door.”
Artirius grasped his hammer at his side. He stood before the doorway, “Ok, let us open it.” At that the dwarves activated the mechanisms to pull the stone slab into the ceiling, one grabbed the steel bar that lay across the door, and then another pulled the door open.
Nothing happened. They were waiting, just as Artirius thought they would. He took slow, steady, and deliberate steps. He was ten feet in the room, nothing still, but they were there. They were hiding he could tell, he could nearly smell the creatures. Though in a situation beyond dangerous, Artirius was not nervous in the least. His heart beat steady and true, as it always had and always did. At any second his plan could fail him and certain death would follow. These monsters, driven by this drow, may change their very nature, and simply smite him as he walked. Knowing all this, he took yet another step. He was nearly in the center of the hall. It was not the same as Deep Hollow. Not so majestic and awe inspiring as the capital of the dwarves, this was of course a mine. Artirius could see a passageway off to either side. In front of him the ten foot square entrance stood wide open. Pillars in the hall created shadows as torches burned in sconces. He took one more step, reaching the center of the room.
From the shadows an arrow flew. Artirius felt it as it came, he did not move but watched it come. He did not blink or flinch in the least. It hit the ground at his feet, just missing him. Another arrow came from the other side and the same thing happened. Artirius did not flinch. He smiled. Then he began to laugh lightly. Then he laughed a bit harder and harder in a deep brawny tone. He hoped the laugh had the desired effect. He prayed he understood his foes better then he thought he did. Luck was on his side.
Out from behind the pillars they moved in toward him. Orcs, gnolls, and now ogres were present. They surrounded him in a short span of time, forming a circle, staring at him with intense ferocity. They howled and grunted. Some drooled and snarled. They showed a bestial vigor. They wanted his blood. So far Artirius was correct, now as long as they all didn’t swallow him right now this may work. He held his head high and roared the battle cry of his people. It inspired terror in foes and empowered the user with great strength. The monsters all around him quieted for a moment. Then yelling picked up and out from the ranks a large orc stepped forward wielding an impressive great ax in its hands. In a gargling bubbly voice it attempted to speak in common tongue, but was very poor at it, “You, hueman. You diiie. I keelll you, eat you and steal soul, steal power. I be greatest and you be dead. You die now. Die, die, die, die….” He continued on ranting the same thing as he charged forward. He raised his ax high over head and brought it down.
Artirius’s hand caught the beast’s hands on the hilt of the weapon and stopped it in mid air. His other hand found the creatures neck. Artirius looked into the orc’s eyes. There was nothing but surprise and fear. The orc shook slightly, unsure what to do. Artirius looked over the creatures that would see him dead, so that they could consume him and drink his blood. They seemed like little more than ugly, savage beasts, hungry for a long overdue drink. 
Again Artirius was right. It was time to handle this properly. He had to keep his audience entertained now so the dwarves could get to work. He lifted his head to the ceiling and laughed and howled. Then with a quick snap he broke the creature’s neck and threw him over the crowd of monsters. As the orc landed small cries came from the throng. The horde about him cheered and jeered loudly. They were held in the grasp of Artirius now. He knew that it would happen quickly, but he needed to drag this out and not kill them too fast. He would tire or may scare his enemies into just rushing him and finishing him out right. He was formidable, but taking on the hundreds, perhaps even a thousand at once was not wise even when they were pathetic. A lucky swipe, poke, or slash could end him. Dying was not really an option for the barbarian. So, it was time to play. 
As another orc broke rank and came to him, he hoped that the dwarves were working, because the sounds were deafening in this room. He brushed aside the creature with one of his strong arms, and swung his hammer around behind his back with the other. The blow caught the creature solidly and sent him sprawling. A gnoll jumped over several orcs, and, snapping and snarling, swung its mace down hard. Artirius ducked the blow and with his great strength rammed the gnoll into the crowd. It stumbled and tripped over the much shorter orcs. Sensing the swing without looking, Artirius spun around with his hammer held by both hands, catching the ogre’s great club on the hilt of his weapon. With a spin and an upward swing he caught the jaw of the ogre squarely, lifting it off the ground and laying him out. The gnoll was flung back toward him and as it stumbled it too felt the great hammer’s strike. The blow to the head put down another dog. 
Turning, Artirius found two orcs bearing down on him. With a swing to the left and one back to the right, both orcs were sent away into the air, each in their respective directions. From each side a gnoll approached now. Both raised their arm to bring down their mace on Artirius’s head. He turned to the right and swung as the gnoll brought down its weapon, causing the one that had been to his left to miss horribly. He hit his target, the weapon itself. The force was so great that the mace flew through the air catching an orc in the face as it stepped into the fray. The now weaponless gnoll swung its paw like hand toward Artirius, who simply knocked it aside with his hammer, the blow breaking the limb in the process. Following the flow of the swing, Artirius turned to face the gnoll who had missed him. It held up its mace high in the air, ready to place a crushing blow. 
As the arm came down Artirius rolled past the beast and as he did he swung his mace catching hard in the back of its legs. It fell hard to the ground, laying on its back. From Artirius’s side another orc came now. He stepped into it allowing an elbow to catch the creature in the face. As he did he turned back to the gnoll on the ground and brought his mace down on the beast. He sidestepped toward the gnoll whose arm had been broken. Letting the motion of his own body carry his mace across his torso the gnoll felt for only a brief moment the power of the weapon against his face, then was flying into the crowd.
The fighting went on intensely for what felt much longer than minutes to Artirius. Time seemed to slow more and more as he swung and dodged and pummeled his foes. His body began to sweat as he danced around the circle, sometimes having to step on or over a body on the floor. He slammed a shoulder into an orc and put him to the ground. He swung his hammer and another orc fell. On and on, dozens already felled, the barbarian seemed to have limitless energy.
Then as he laid out a gnoll the barbarian felt the blow on his back. Had he been any other human the force would have broken him. He fell to a knee from the force of the club, but quickly spun around low with his mace catching the ogre who had struck him solidly in a knee. The joint was destroyed instantly. With a quick step the hammer fell again stifling the cries of the ogre.
If the fight kept up he knew he would make a mistake. It was impossible to handle this many foes indefinitely. But he was a machine. As such he had no choice but to keep the pace. His hammer blasted another foe to the side. He stepped forward clutching the spear of another, just to pull them into his head butt. Taking the spear the orc left in his hand, he flung it through the air striking a gnoll in the chest.
The beasts kept coming and coming. It was a tidal wave of evil that Artirius held at bay with a hammer. Now with over thirty dead, the monsters were voracious. The wave turned to a storm. More and more, faster and faster. Artirius was a whirlwind of righteous fury. The circle seemed to collapse as he spun now, round and round in a flurry of attacks. He was like a top. The front lines were pushed back and caught by surprise as many were felled by the power of the barbarian. Momentarily the circle was pushed back. Artirius slowed the spin and stopped when his momentum allowed it. The sounds of dying were all around him. They came not only from those on the ground, but also from those who remained. The sound of his death was chanted by the ugly beasts. The circle was nearing another collapse on the great hero.
Then a snapping sound was heard above the roar. At first it did not stop the horde of foes from their ranting and raving, but then the sound was reverberated again, and again. The attackers’ baying was calmed as intrigue entered their minds, as simple as they were for this emotion. Cracking and splitting, the earth above moaned. Artirius let out a shout that made every creature in the hall cower away from him. As the cry ended, the ceiling slabs fell in a great crash. Three of them, just as Derril had promised. They made a line in front of the main doors. In the center was Tressnou.
As his slab landed, before the cowering creatures grasped the situation and instead looked in awe on their crushed brethren, Tressnou acted. He clapped his hands summoning his staff. Grasping the weapon widely, he thrust it forward horizontally in front of himself. Every creature that stood before the great door was thrown away, many feet clear of the entrance. With a quick twist of his wrist and tug to his body the door shut, and the locks were engaged. As the main door closed, the service entrance opened, and the beserkers came.
From there things became wild. The dwarves poured out from the vents as they made a defensive footing near the door. They quickly began to push the monsters back. The berserkers came in their battle gear. They were unlike other dwarven warriors. Most fought with their dwarven axes, pikes and shields or other various means, not the berserkers. They were their own weapons. Their bracers were lined with blades, and the hands spiked. The backs of their plate mail were barbed and their shoulders spiked for ramming. Their boots had three spikes in a triangle formation on the toe as well as a spur and more spikes on the heel. Both the knee and the elbow were spiked as well. Lastly the helmet was adorned with many studs, and a curved blade from the forehead to the back of the neck. It would bring fear to any who saw it. Leading the berserker charge was Norrak. His was the only blade painted red. His berserkers’ blades were all painted black.
As they attacked nothing but relentless rage and power was exhibited. They came in hard from many different angles as the poured through the door. Some lead with shoulder rams and others with their heads. Many leaped through the air allowing every part of their armor to slice and tear the targets they struck. Norrak himself found head butting a rewarding way to meet his foes though they did not return the feeling. In the fray Derril could be seen swinging his pick ax wildly at the intruders of his home. This was personal to any dwarf in the fray but none more than Derril. He had moved the first stone, had dug the first tunnel. If anyone had the desire to purge these halls it was he.
In the commotion, the circle around Artirius was turned outward to combat the newfound danger. This of course was a fatal error. With backs to Artirius many fell to his hammer and fist. As they moved to attack an unobservant dwarf, Artirius’s great hands would pull them back, and they would quickly meet their end.
The fighting was most intense where the vents had been dropped. More of the ogres had been sitting here than around the rest of the room. The defenders held a tight line though and even with a few injuries they managed to spread out allowing the regulars to fall into place. Finding holes to sneak through they would poke out spears and move forward with their axes. Tressnou stood on a slab in the center, moving with the fluidity of a dancer silently motioning and lashing his body. Each motion was a powerful blow against a foe. Some were flashes of light as fire flared, and others were unseen forces thrusting the enemies backwards. Some were even thrown in the air and onto their allies. Anywhere the line of dwarves seemed weak Tressnou would concentrate his efforts there the most. Balic stayed near his master. If any unruly creature managed to get through the ranks the swift dwarf would cut them down. He was not like his fellow dwarves. He wielded daggers and wore light chain coats of armor. His attacks were not brutish, but accurate and critical blows.
After several minutes of fighting the way to the main door had been cleared and now the dwarves had a better foot hold on the room. Several regulars and two defenders had fallen, but these losses were slim in comparison to the horde they faced. Dozens and dozens of orcs were piled about. Thirty odd gnolls were strewn around the entrance hall and several ogres lay dead. Artirius had broken a hole through the ranks and joined the beserkers now. Slowly the dwarves pushed their foes back and surrounded them in the center of the room. Here the remainder of ogres and gnolls made their last stand. Some orcs scurried down the side halls, only to be followed down and obliterated by the beserkers fury.
Knowing their fate was soon at hand, the ogres efforts were redoubled. One that seamed taller than the others flailed his club about. He swiped beserker after beserker aside. Norrak, in a rage, charged in allowing a crushing blow to catch a shoulder. The blow clearly broke Norrak’s arm and made it all but useless. Norrak did not show it as his knees and elbow lunged into the monstrous creature. Daelin and Bulzad came from the behind each piking the ogre in the neck. It had fought fiercely, but was not able to take the punishment. It fell to the ground hard. As he did so it seemed the last of the creatures were felled.
After fighting fiercely for nearly twenty minutes the group was sweating and panting. They were also covered in the blood of those they had put to rest. Most cheered, hooted and hollered. They had won. A few, like Artirius, Tressnou, Daelin, and Derril, did not. Though they had won the battle, fighting was not something they loved. It was an evil thing that was part of this world, and killing did not make them happy. It could be argued that the killing was done, but these wise ones realized that it was not. They let the dwarves have their victory dance for the time being.
As Balic looked to Tressnou to congratulate him, something caught the elf’s eye. He quickly pushed aside the dwarf and with reflexes beyond even an elf, he stopped the dagger thrown by a not yet dead orc, using his staff to catch it. This quieted the room a bit. Before anyone could react, Tressnou did. He uttered under his breath an elvish incantation, and with a swirl of his arms he brought them together in a clap.
The orc vanished. Looking to his master Balic asked, “What have you done with him?”
A cold resolute look was on Tressnou’s face as he responded, “I transported him away from here.”
“Yes, but where?”
“He is at the bottom of the deepest part of a lake I once traveled to. If he were able to survive the half hour swim to the surface it really would not matter, because the beast of the lake will see that he never reaches that point.” Tressnou looked to Balic, “You are all right, friend?”
The dwarf nodded and sighed, glad not to be the one offending his master.
Daelin seemed unfazed by the occurrence. He looked around and barked above the crowd for attention. The soldiers all soon were in order. “Tressnou has reminded me of an important lesson. See that everything in this room that is supposed to be dead is, and move our brethren that are injured or dead to the infirmary to be tended by the clerics. Olie, Browlie, each take a team and investigate the side corridors, see that nothing potentially dangerous is waiting. Also make sure no one has been digging any new holes.
The twins smiled and nodded to Daelin. “All right you heard him. If you want to go with ugly head that way,” Olie pointed to one of the side corridors, “I will be heading to this one,” he pointed to the opposite side. Browlie simply looked on shaking his head. It was not worth flogging his brother now, it could wait.
Daelin continued, “Bulzad, get some boys back to the trade road, I don’t want them making a push to our backs now that we have made a footing here.”
Bulzad nodded, “Would you like us to close off the path?”
“No, if Deep Hollow heads this way we will not know what is happening, and besides, we can close it fast enough if needed.” 
Bulzad nodded again and turned away in a bow. He motioned to some dwarves and they moved to the service area.
“Norrak, if you will. Have your men secure this hall. I need some barricades and more fortifications put in place at the front door there. Derril if you don’t mind helping Norrak I would appreciate it.”
Norrak, still dripping in blood, nodded. He seemed to be totally content with the dead around him and had still not removed his helmet which was coated thickly. One of the studs actually had an ear on it making him look very macabre. “Would you like the boys and me to burn the bodies as well? With the vents open in the ceiling as much as they are now, it should be fine.” He talked in a business manner.
“That will do very well,” Daelin nodded, a bit put back. There really was nothing quiet like a hill dwarf.
Derril looked over the carnage, “My home is bathed in blood now. I became a miner nearly four hundred and fifty years ago. I thought I would be lucky and leave this sort of thing behind, but I guess I was not as lucky as I had hoped,” he walked toward the main door and looked about. He was distracting himself with work, drawing in his head plans for fortifications not yet built. It was work he knew better than most any dwarf alive.
Artirius looked to Daelin, “What is he talking about?”
Daelin looked toward Derril. It seemed more like he was looking through him though. “When I was a much younger dwarf, Derril was one of the greatest soldiers alive. One day he and a team of defenders investigated reports of a drow invasion on a small dwarven settlement. It was located a bit north of here underground off the trade roads. He had a team of eight-teen. The drow had killed everyone. Some had clearly been tortured. As the team made its’ way into the heart of the town they were ambushed. Most were taken quickly, their screams were vivid. Derril managed to kill several as he fell back with the remainder of his force but one by one they were picked off and drug away. He and only one other made it out alive. He and the other closed the path to the settlement as they escaped, cutting off the drow and any chance of saving their friends. They grieved for a day before turning back to the Hollow. Both of them had been injured and in the process poisoned by the drow, but they made it back home after a week. They were both nearly dead when they got back to Deep Hollow. Derril quit that day, the other continued on in service. He even got promoted for his efforts.” As Daelin finished the sentence it seemed that a tear was blinked out from his eye.
“Who was the dwarf,” Artirius looked to Daelin.
The general chuckled lightly, “Some young foolish pup, who didn’t have the brains to realize that honor and glory only give you so much in the line of duty. Probably became a general or something, too. Well,” with a brief pause and a cursory glance around the hall, “let’s get to work moving out the dead and the injured.” Without a backward glance Daelin moved to an injured dwarf and helped him on his way to the clerics.
Artirius looked around. He saw the beserkers finishing off the attackers and dragging them to a pile to be burned. Some of the dwarves were at work cutting new fortifications. He could hear commotion down Olie’s corridor but it quickly faded off, most likely another dead orc or other creature was there. Artirius was tired but there was more to do. He looked to Tressnou who was talking over matters with Balic. So the man turned to the injured and began helping them off two at a time.


Chapter 10


The sounds in the corridor were indeed fighting. A small group of orcs and an ogre had sneaked away during the fighting and began to dig themselves out. Olie and his group had caught them off guard and put them down quickly, one dwarf sustained minor injuries but aside from that all was well. The digging had not been far along, so there was no need to close off any tunneling.
Aside from the diggers, nothing else was found during the corridor search. The teams reported back to Daelin and went about the work of fortifying the main entrance or assisting with cleaning up the dead and the living alike. The process was long and daunting, or so it seemed to the victors. Though few were killed in the fighting, the deaths were obviously felt among the living. The bonds the dwarves held were beyond that of most human families. The loss of a fellow in combat was like losing part of themselves. In all, fourteen were gone. In the center of the entrance hall pyres were made of wood that was found in the store rooms and the side corridors off the main hall. A cleric prayed to Maldor for the safe care of the souls of the dead, and asked for his blessing over the dwarves that they may purge the beasts from their realm.
Artirius watched in respect. There was honor in everything the dwarves did. As much as he admired the elvish people for their grace, art, and knowledge, he admired the dwarves for their honor, pride, and respectful ways. Artirius found it easy to love the dwarves and want to help them in anything that may come. In his mind, though, he knew that this fighting would spread farther and farther. It would not end here with these deaths. It would spread north. It would most likely find a hold in the south, as well. As much as he wanted to stay and help the dwarves finish things here he realized that he would not see the conflicts in their lands to the end. He would need to head north soon, because the sooner he made it to Atriel, the sooner a solution could be found. Demons that could invade one’s dreams? This was a power beyond what Artirius understood and he feared it may be able to overwhelm the world he knew and loved.
Artirius found Tressnou with Balic. They were talking over things off to the side of the great hall, away from most of the other dwarves. Artirius looked to Tressnou as he approached.
“Artirius, I was just discussing some things with Balic. So far nothing of note in the south has stirred up. We were going over a few things wondering what our next move should be. At the moment, I think we may need to wait and see.” Tressnou looked over to the pyres and the dwarves mourning there. 
Artirius too looked again as the smoke rolled through the holes in the ceiling off into the air far above them. He marveled at the abilities of the dwarves. They were crafty and creative, but always functional. He, too, made a small silent prayer to Maldor as he looked at the smoke.
As the ceremony was ending, shouting came from the service area. Olie came running out with a yell, “They are attacking from the trade road!”
Dwarves quickly scrambled to action and funneled down the hall. The barricades made near the road did their job, and it was easy to send back the attackers. Two were caught off guard in the attack and sadly were added to the list of the dead, though more orcs and gnolls fell in their place. Once the rear guard was secured, the besiegers fell back to a safe distance holding the road. It was uncertain how many were on the road, but more than had attempted to take the mine
Daelin, Artirius, Tressnou, Norrak, Derril, Balic and Bulzad met in the mess hall. They sat and went over the events of late. It was clear that things were little better for them in the mine. They may have secured the main hall, but it was not going to be a clear and easy path out the front door, or down the now besieged trade road. To make matters worse, Artirius was in need. Clearly his meeting with Atriel was of importance, for Galmatros was having the dreams intercepted. What was odd to them all was that Galmatros had offered Artirius safe passage if he simply left. Many things were not clear, but the fact that all these things were linked, was.
“Well, our friend here came through this way to avoid the beasts at our door and it seems that we may have led him to them instead,” Daelin looked at the others at the table. “Derril, is there anything that you know that may help us?”
“I know this mine and the terrain very well. This place was not made to be easily held, in fact the main door is particularly vulnerable. You see, imagine a small cavern that is egg-shaped. At one end is the door to the mine, at the other is a passageway to the mine roads. Along the sides are sheer cliffs that are easily forty feet tall. We can access one through a hidden door down the northern corridor, but there is no guarantee that on the other side of that passage no nasty beast waits watching down on the main door. Though the cliffs are high they are most likely climbable. At this point I cannot tell you much more. This is not the fortress that is Deep Hollow. Now I wish it were.” Derril looked to Daelin.
“Well, that is something then, more than we had. Truth be told the best thing we can do now is see what we are up against and that perch just may be our ticket. I think here we may need to rely on some luck. We need to send someone out that door to gather intelligence.”
“I will go,” everyone turned in surprise to Balic. “What, this is my kind of work to be honest. Tressnou may not mention where he has found all of his secrets but odds are I was the one who had an arrow in his behind getting the information. Trust me, I will be quick.”
“Well the brave dwarf speaks,” Tressnou smirked.
“There is another thing,” it was Artirius that the attention was now turned to, “these matters here will not be resolved by us alone. Nor all the dwarves of Deep Hollow. This demon is interested in more than just your affairs. You know, Daelin, that Galmatros will be on this land from one corner to another sooner or later. That, even if the hordes here are felled, more and more death and destruction is coming.”
“We do not know that for sure though, Artirius,” Daelin looked to the barbarian.
“Many things are cloudy, but I do fear he is right Daelin,” Tressnou now also looked to Artirius.
“They have blocked my dreams. Offered me to leave without harm befalling me. They want me to turn back. There is something they don't want me to see, or to do. I need to get to Atriel, and I need to as soon as I can. Even...” Artirius stumbled over the words he needed to say.
Daelin found them instead, “Even if it means leaving us.”
“I do not mean to say it that way...”
“You do not have to be worried my friend. I take no offense to what you say. Sometimes we have things bigger than ourselves to contend with and we must make these decisions. I would love to have you by my side through this all, and have appreciated having you as it is, for you have done great things for us. You came to us looking for a way to the north and in the end you helped us in finding these things. Imagine if we had not realized the siege was going on here. What if the trade roads were not checked for another month. The beasts could have been at Deep Hollow's doors without any warnings. We may be under siege here but I assure you that at least one group made it to the city and even if we all die here, my people are safe. We may have been saved in helping you.”
Tressnou spoke now, “And he may still save you yet. Atriel knows something and Artirius is the key to it all. Apparently this man is not only unique among his people but on a greater scale. This plague on these lands may rest on this hero’s shoulders.”
As the word was spoken Artirius shuddered a bit. He did not like the word, hero. He was not a hero. He was a human mixed with magical blood, but not a hero. The word implied he was better than others and he did not like that. He was simply walking the world, a small part of a bigger picture. How could it be that he could save a world, when he did not want more than to blend in with it?
“Let us waste no more time on this for now,” Balic looked to Derril, “Take me to this passage so I may gander on the ugly beasts outside. Artirius and Tressnou, come with me while the others discuss matters more, never know when I might need saving by one of you.”
“O if I had a coin for every occasion you said that, Balic. I would be a rich elf,” Tressnou smiled as he looked to his friend.
“O if you had a coin for every exaggeration you tell about me, you mean?” Balic chuckled as did all those in the room.
“Follow me then, I will show you,” Derril stood and nodded to the ones left in the room and Artirius, Tressnou and Balic followed. They passed the service hallway and entered the main entrance chamber. They took the northern passageway on their right and walked only a dozen steps. “Here it is.”
They all looked to the blank wall on the left hand side, Artirius saw nothing at all.
“As always well engineered, I can barely see the tooling but there it is,” Tressnou smiled.
Balic looked to Derril, “Or he can’t see it at all. These unrefined elves lack the vision I guess, brother.” Derril and Balic laughed at the joke. As dwarves, they had a supernatural sight when it came to stone work. To them, this looked like any door a human would turn a knob to open. The elves had some small ability to notice such things but even refined abilities like Tressnou's could not define such things fully. And this was not just average work, Derril had made the passage himself and among stone workers few came close, if any, to his ability. This was of the highest caliber work. “Now to be honest though Derril, I see the door but how do you open it? Not a design I'm familiar with.”
“Some vision,” Tressnou clucked.
“Well let me show you, Balic,” Derril pointed out a few things to the younger dwarf. Artirius and Tressnou really could not see what was being alluded to but they looked on anyway intrigued.
“Aww, so to open it I just,” Balic moved forward and sliding a few stones this way and that, finally pushing a stone into the wall itself, the doorway opened revealing a stairway ending in stone wall, obviously a door built by dwarves but again to the non dwarves it just looked like a wall.
“Very good my friend, one day you may yourself be able to cut a door like that, now the one up there is the same in design be careful, I will wait for you here.”
“Well then, follow me my friends, in case I may need your help,” Balic looked to Artirius and Tressnou who both nodded and followed him. The stairway was wide enough for two to walk shoulder to shoulder and cut smoothly into the rock. It seemed almost natural, Derril was truly the craftsman. They moved up slowly and quietly, finally rising some forty feet to the door. “Now, keep it down. I am going to open this up and crack it a bit, just stay right there and wait for my sign,” He pointed down a few steps. “If I'm in need of help you'll know.”
“And how is that?” Artirius asked.
“Because he will be over us and to the bottom of the stairs before anything crosses the threshold,” the two chuckled lightly.
“Couple of comedians, thought I left the wise cracks back home...” Balic said as he moved to the door. Carefully he moved the stones which made no noise at all, as though they were not really rock. He gently pressed the last stone in and the door was unlocked. Balic cracked the stone door just enough to see out, as he did natural light shown on them from outside as a gentle breeze wafted the scent of gnolls from beyond. They were still out there, most certainly.
After Balic surveyed the immediate area outside the door, he slid himself through the crack. Artirius and Tressnou waited below. After several minutes passed they both became somewhat nervous, but remained in their places. Finally, Balic reappeared and motioned the others to come with him but to stay low. They all slid through the door and out onto the ledge.
It was as Derril described. To their immediate left was a drop of a few dozen feet and the main door to the mine was visible. Sheer rock walls climbed up and formed an oval with one tip being the entrance and the other end a path leading out to the main roadways. The opposite side had no ledge like this side, and the way the ledge, on their side, was formed made it very unnoticeable. 
Bellow in the bare ground oval, several barricades, and other fortifications had been made. At least fifty or sixty gnolls, orcs and ogres were packed in the oval, which was approximately thirty feet wide and fifty feet long. The ledge continued along the entire curve of the oval and out and around to their right, which would head them in the direction of the northern trade road. They moved along low and quiet to the end where the ledge curved, as they did the ground slowly getting closer to them with the natural rise of the floor below meeting a level area at the top of the chasm. Here they were only thirty feet at most from the ground below. Carefully they peered out to see a large encampment covering the crest of the incline. More barricades were set up here and in the immediate area. What must have been a thousand or more laid or sat about, a medley of each race. A few tents were set up, most likely for the more notable among them, three in particular, which must have been for the leaders of the respective groups assembled here. Fighting their way out seemed less viable having seen this in front of them. To the north, the tree line could be seen not far off where the large main road disappeared from sight. To the south, the trade road headed off into the distance, another portion of forest obscuring it far off. 
Having seen enough, the group headed off along the curve of the ledge to the north. It ran nearly an hundred yards and stopped abruptly. Here the ground was less than fifteen feet away. The invaders had not placed any significant force here but in the daylight any whom dropped down would most definitely be noticed on their way to the trade roads. In the dark, no great guarantee could be made either, as orcs and gnolls could see well in the. Artirius motioned to others that it was time to head back to the mine. A few minutes later they were behind closed doors at the bottom of the steps with Derril.
“You all get a good look then?”
“Yes,” said Tressnou, “and it seems they are keen on keeping us here or killing us with the number outside. Let us discuss this with Daelin and the others.
The four made their way back to the service area. In their absence another push was made on the underground trade road entrance, two dwarves were injured but no deaths. They divined to the others the tactical situations outside in detail.
“It is obvious that they mean to force you out the front door,” Tressnou looked over the dwarves and lone man assembled now. The same group sat in the kitchen area as before with the additions only of Browlie and Olie.
“Then we should fight them back down the trade road,” Bulzad advised.
“No,” Tressnou contested “It too easily makes us vulnerable to ambush along the road via unknown passages and could allow them to surround us. They could very well retake the mine without us even knowing.”
“Then,” Norrak chimed in, “the only other choice is the slaughter of those whom besiege us above the ground. Open the doors and fight our way cleansing the ground of the evil that befouls it with each death.”
“Again ill-advisable, the number is too great, especially with the terrain in their favor. We most likely would be the ones slaughtered in that hole.” Tressnou looked to the berserker.
Daelin had been sitting looking blankly ahead for some time now. “Bulzad,” he looked to his general, “how long will our food supplies last here?”
Bulzad thought for a moment, “At least another week, perhaps two if rationed properly, but after that not long...you don't suggest.”
“Yes, I do Bulzad. The only resonable choice for now. We need to wait here.” 
“But then we are just waiting in this hole for whatever may come to happen? I just don't like the idea, some action must be taken or else we just leave ourselves here to die.” Derril questioned Daelin.
“You should know better friend, we have the advantage here. The only entrances are controlled by us and bottle necked. We have the numbers to defend all if not more than they have outside, but at the same time they have too great a mass for us to simply push out. We are essentially in a stalemate. Waiting is the right course of action for now.” He looked over the others and ended his stare on Artirius. “At the same time though, we need to get this man out of here. In the bigger picture he will benefit not only us, but many others much more if he learns more about Galmatros and his intentions. This Atriel obviously knows of these things in enough detail to worry this demon. If we are here then they will think Artirius is here, too.”
“Now that is not the only choice...” Tressnou began but was cut off by Daelin.
“O but it is, Tressnou dear friend. If we are lucky, word has made it to the city and help will arrive soon enough. In fact, that is all we can really bank on. If not then, when the time comes we will deal with matters one way or another. If he gets a weeks head start then we have helped a great deal in my opinion. That could have him a third of the way to the barbarian lands or better. That much closer to his ultimate goal.”
All those present thought on the issue and it was Olie that spoke next, “They will need a distraction, if they are to use the lower portion of the ledge to escape, that is. I have an idea. One that may work.”
“Let us hear it then,” Daelin looked to the young defender.
“A ruse of sorts. We will open the entrance and give them what they want, Artirius. He will step out inviting them to battle. Then we will all rush the barricades near the entrance and as the fighting starts he will disappear and meet with Tressnou and Balic near the staircase. We can keep the fighting going there for ten minutes or so, giving them time to get to the other side and drop down. Maybe even make it to the woods if they are fast, and even if they don't it should distract patrols in the area, maybe even have them called back. One way or the other it should be enough time.”
The room looked to Olie, “And here I thought you were a half wit,” Daelin smiled. “I like it. I would like your berserkers and the defenders to do this Norrak, if you would allow it.”
“As I told you, my men and I are all yours. Besides this is much like my plan for slaughter. Just without killing them all at once.”
“Then it is settled,” Daelin looked to Artirius.
“It seems it is. I do not wish to leave your sides, but as you all know, I must. Atriel must be met, and his call must be answered. I thank you brother dwarves. I thank you all.”
“For duty and honor Artirius,” Daelin looked to the human, “and of course to kill an orc or the like as the situation permits. Let us wait for nightfall, by your estimates that is about four hours from now. Pack up and rest up. Be ready when I call everyone. I have fortifications to see to.” Daelin rose and, as he left the room, he patted the barbarian on the shoulder. 
Artirius, Tressnou, and Balic prepared to leave as the others organized the ruse attack. The three took the opportunity to rest a few hours, as they had no idea for certain when they would be able to rest again. The rear was attacked yet again with a casualty this time, but no injuries else-wise. They were pushing hard on the dwarves to make a move. Conveniently Olie's plan would look just like that, it would act as the diversion they needed and the reaction that the enemy predicted. If controlled in their attack, their losses would be light in comparison to that of their enemy's.
As time grew nearer to the opening of the door, the berserkers started up their cheers and battle cries. The dwarven defenders unit geared up and prepared for the fighting ahead in their own solemn way. Browlie and Olie as was often the case were poking fun at one another. Daelin found the Artirius, Tressnou, and Balic to leave and nodded to them all.
“Make to the tree line fast and travel in the forest near the road, not on it, for at least a day or two. It may be slower, but it will be less likely that you are noticed. I cannot tell you what may be up the road, but likely small bands of them are out and about with such a large force here to fall back on if they needed to. I am sure that from the road you will know where to go, though since you last traveled it the mountain passes are not as clear as they used to be, Artirius. I pray that we give you the time needed to make it.”
“As we pray for your safety here, brother,” Artirius held out an arm which the general received and they shook. “May Maldor watch and guide you.”
“Aye, and may he give you swift feet on the road ahead,” Daelin nodded.
“As soon as we can, we will be back friend,” Tressnou smiled to the dwarf.
“The warning is taken, thank you in advance for letting me know,” Daelin smiled to the wizard. Another hand shake was exchanged.
Lastly, he came to Balic, “Now my grandson...”
Artirius looked over surprised, he was unaware that Balic was related to the general. No one had mentioned this to him.
“Take care of them, and go with honor. I love you my boy,” Daelin leaned in and hugged him tightly.
“I will my grandfather.” Balic smiled and nodded.
Bulzad had now joined them, “It is time. When you give the word general.”
The tension was high now, but these were battle hardened warriors. This was not new to any of them. Daelin looked to the wizard and Balic, “Get to the door and be ready at the top of the stairs, Artirius will only be in the fighting for a minute or two. We don't need him to be worn out before the running starts. Good luck you two,” he waved to them as they walked off nodding.
“Now Balic....” Tressnou's comments to the dwarf were not heard as they headed down the corridor though it was obviously a joke of some sort as the two were both laughing.
Daelin ordered the dwarves into position; he himself would be in the fighting. He had ordered Bulzad to stay out of the fray, in Daelin fell Bulzad would be needed to command the forces here. Under protest Bulzad saw instead to the forces holding the trade road, which were still holding strong.
“Well lad, are you ready?” Daelin looked up at the barbarian.
He did not like any of this. He would much rather stay and live or die with the dwarves, it was a simpler idea and a more direct approach. It was the barbarian way. But of course he was more than that. He had a role to play, not his own, it was time for him to go. “I am,” Artirius nodded.
The two moved to the main gate which loomed over them all. The round door with its heavy bolt and aged emblem, sat waiting to be opened as the dwarves waited for their leaders signal, they were all tense.
Artirius looked down at the dwarf and nodded, the nod being returned by the general. Daelin looked to the dwarf assigned to open the door and gave him a nod of his head signifying it was time. The dwarf pulled a lever and tumblers moved and the bolt slid out of the door which slowly began to swing inwards. The fighting was about to begin.


Chapter 11


The next few moments in time seemed to move slowly for Artirius. He walked out, a menacing figure to those outside of the gates. They did not know how to react, were not sure that it was real. Artirius breathed in deep and bellowed loudly, a cry that nearly shattered the resolve of those in front of him. They regained themselves when the dwarves began to pour out from behind him. They packed the area tightly. It was like an arena full to the teeth with combatants fighting for survival. The berserkers made a great distraction for the barbarian. He fought in the midst of the battle for only a handful of seconds before he slipped away.
Down the corridor he ran. The others were not far away at the base of the stairs. Up they ran, the door was pushed open, and they moved low and quick, the fighting below being a sufficient distraction. They saw a wave roll down the hill as more attackers filled the chasm. They broke through some of the dwarven lines and seemed at first to consume them. In the midst of all the fighting were Daelin, Norrak, Browlie and Olie, laying down all that came their way. The berserkers reformed the line with the defenders. Some were down and not moving, most likely dead in the fighting. Artirius's heart could not bear to look for too long and he quickly focused ahead on the ledge. They found the corner and turned it quickly. They moved along away from the fighting and noise. They approached the end of the ledge. Balic peered out using his superior sight in the darkness and motioned that it seemed clear ahead. Artirius jumped down and landed softly fifteen feet below. He looked up and waved to the others. Balic jumped down and Artirius easily lowered him to the ground, he repeated this with Tressnou.
As soon as they were down, they were on the move again. Balic lead the way, his sight their guide. Tressnou was able to make out well enough in this night, but without at least some moonlight he was not much better off than Artirius. The area before them was mostly open ground. Behind them the fires of the enemy encampment were visible. They looked back toward where the mine would be. All of their hearts sank a little, but they knew this was best for them all.
The tree line grew closer and closer to them. Around twenty yards from the forest, Balic held them to a stop. He pointed to the ground near a few rocks and some taller grass and they all fell down behind them. As soon as they did they heard the patrol. By the sound of it, an orc and a gnoll were walking just on the other side of the rock. They waited calmly and quietly. Then the two stopped. They heard as the two slumped down opposite them taking a rest on the same rock.
They did not have much time to waste. Tressnou looked at Artirius, who nodded. He slowly turned and rose, stepped onto the large rock, and jumped down on the unsuspecting patrol. They fell quickly and quietly, little match for Artirius. Tressnou and Balic slid around joining Artirius. After a cursory glance no more patrols were seen and it seemed no alert was made either. The group, once satisfied, made for the forest.
They hit the brush and moved several hundred feet into the wood before stopping again. Balic looked about, “We seem to have made it well off. The northern trade road is to our left about forty yards. As far as I could tell no one made it after us.”
“Good, let’s move on then, shall we? The more distance we get under the shade of night the better,” Tressnou looked to the others and they all agreed. One last look was taken by them all in the direction they had come from. Of course they longed to be with their friends, they desired to help them now, and were afraid they would not make it out of the mine alive. Their sacrifices would not be in vain. 
Turning away, they moved as quickly and quietly as was possible. They wanted to cover as great a distance as they could. Of course the road would have been faster travel but the forest concealed them more and they were wary to run into any unwanted company. In general the beasts would keep to the forests for ambush but with a great number of them rising up lately they would not be afraid to travel the open road more freely. It was likely, as well, that many were massed in other locations, perhaps even besieging key points of trade or power in the region.
As they traveled they stopped periodically for small rest breaks through the night. It was getting colder at night now as the harvest season was upon them and moving kept them warmer. The dawn lights came in what seemed a short time, but it had been many hours since they left the mine. The daytime sun was welcome to Artirius whom made out where he traveled better now. The trees were mostly hard woods, oak to be exact. Underneath them the terrain was mostly smooth and even, with the occasional bush or other wild growth. It was possible to be very much unseen from the road traveling as they did, but they were still able to make out most of the business being carried out only a few dozen yards away. It was seldom, but passersby came by here and there, usually on wagons. One or two were lone on foot. As the road headed north it steadily rose. The incline at this portion of the road was not too noticeable. It would be a few days until they reached the mountain portion of the road which would take them to Valtenberg. 
On occasion they would come to a crossroad and it was necessary to leave the concealment of the forest. Luckily, there were few of them, and only one major one, which, by the middle of the day, they were well past. The travel in this manner continued on smoothly the entire day, with no signs of being followed. It was actually very peaceful, so much so it nearly made them all forget they were in troubling times. That was, until they found some trouble.
A carriage was surrounded by orcs just a few hundred feet away. From inside screams could be heard as someone valiantly stabbed at the attackers with a small sword. The drivers were in their seats, both very much dead. The group did not speak. They just ran. Within moments they were only ten feet from the carriage. All in all maybe six orcs were present, three to each side of the carriage. Artirius was the first to act, rushing in and obliterating the hip of one orc with his mighty hammer. Balic slid past him and danced with his daggers, finding the second. Tressnou, out of the forest, thrust out a hand and with an invisible spell lifted one from the ground and brought the creature down hard on his allies on the opposite side of the carriage. Artirius moved around the back while Balic slid under the carriage. One orc still stood and was swept away some dozen feet by the swing of Thunder's Fury. The three that remained were on the ground, one of course being thrown by Tressnou's spell, the others being knocked down by their comrade. Balic's daggers were swift and accurate and the three orcs were both dead in seconds.
The fighting now over, they all turned to the carriage. The small two seat vessel was simple and worn. It was stained dark so the wood was unknown by look. There was a single door on either side with a window covered by a sheer fabric of some sort, it was red in color. The carriage seemed undamaged as they looked it over, the two drivers most assuredly were dead. The horses seemed in good shape. There were two, but they were scared by the commotion. If it could be called lucky, it seems that when one of the drivers died a handbrake had been engaged which could explain why the horses had not simply run off. Artirius looked to the animals and calmed them, as a barbarian he understood somewhat how the wild beasts thought and felt. They were secure and none of their equipment was damaged. While Artirius attended the animals a somewhat comical exchange was being held between Tressnou and the occupants of the carriage.
“I assure you, we are not going to harm you, the ones that...” Tressnou was cut off by a shrill woman’s voice.
“NO, NO! Don't open the door, we have a weapon. Go away now, shoo. We do not want any more trouble.”
“My dear woman, open the door. I am not an orc, nor do I sound anything like that. Why would I harm you?”
“Why would they hurt me? I had done nothing wrong to those beasts and they have never attacked me before. How do I know you are not behind their attack?”
“Now see here, I would not associate with the like of their kind. Vile and filthy creatures that they are, I would not have any interest in them or their help for that matter. Now I am here to help. I mean well and promise as the High Wizard of the court of Alastrial that I will not harm you. Will you open this door?”
There was a brief pause in the argument then the voice from within whined, “Well if you are a wizard, let’s see a trick then.”
“Madam, I am not a cheap parlor magician.”
“Well how do I know you are a wizard?”
Artirius and Balic by this time had begun laughing quite hard as they watched.
“O vary well what do you wish to see?”
“Hmmm, make it snow.”
“Very well, but recall that you asked for this,” shaking his arms back and forth in a downward motion Tressnou used a spell to conjure snow right inside the vehicle. The woman let out a shrill a screech and jumped out of the door and into Tressnou's unsuspecting arms. She was followed by a young man who also let out a cry in shock and alarm but did not find his way to Tressnou. 
The two were well enough dressed but not terribly wealthy. They were perhaps from merchant families. They were young by their looks, perhaps barely twenty years of age apiece. The girl wore a simple white dress, with lace fringes and woven back, that an aid would have had to assist in tying. Her hair was a light brown color draped down her back and her eyes matched well, setting perfectly on her round face. She was pale in complexion. Around her neck was a simple pendant of an oak tree. She was plain, yet quite appealing to the eye. 
Her companion wore a bard’s hat with a single feather from a peacock. His hair was short and blonde. He had deep blue eyes that seemed to look far off. The rest of him was clothed in the garb of an aristocrat. His tunic was black and had golden buttons. He wore a white silken undershirt.  His trousers were straight legged and black as well. He wore dress shoes that also had golden buckles. All in all, he was a handsome man.
Then Artirius looked at their hands. “I am sorry that your blessed occasion has been tainted this way. Safe times have sadly passed over us it seems.” Tressnou looked to Artirius who nodded to the rings adorned on the hands of the young couple. He understood immediately. Artirius continued, “If you would allow us, may we take you to your destination?”
Tressnou leaned toward Artirius and whispered “Do we have time for such errands?”
Artirius responded, “They seem to be traveling north, it may be better for now to travel with them. They would be at a loss if they were attacked alone by any account, and I could not consciously leave them.” Tressnou nodded in agreement.
The young couple had been talking amongst themselves unsure as what to do, the young man looked up, “Thank you, and it would be much appreciated. We are actually not far off, up ahead is a crossroad. We are heading to a small town just a few miles from there to the east. We should be there well before dark if we get moving.”
“It is settled then,” Artirius smiled at the newlyweds.
“We thank you again kind sirs for our rescue. My name is Rosa and this is Scott. By all accounts we should be dead. I am sorry I did not trust you, good wizard.”
“Quite all right, now we are in a wood apparently full of more dangerous things than normally found there. Let us get on our way. Wait, where is Balic?”
“Sorry boss nature calls, you know. I took the liberty of disposing of the orcs bodies. They had the mark on them.” He paused briefly, “I went ahead and put the bodies of the drivers on top of the carriage, I imagine they will be needing a more proper burial.”
“Yes, yes they will,” Rosa, teary eyed, ran back to the carriage and closed the door behind her.
“I would never have wished this upon her, to see things like this. I wish now that perhaps we never left home and just spent our honeymoon there.”
“It is not your fault, son,” Tressnou patted the boy on the shoulder, “see to your wife in the carriage and we will get going.”
At that Scott smiled at the elf and walked back to the carriage. Balic took the reins and Tressnou and Artirius followed on either side. For the most part they did not talk much. Galmatros spreading up this far meant no good news to the travelers. In fact, it may likely mean that after these two people were dropped off at their home the entire village would be destroyed and murdered off. They may have simply delayed the fate of the young love that was in the carriage.
It was not wise to divulge the knowledge they had of the demon king seeking to do harm to the world. In telling Rosa and Scott all that could come of it was harm to them, and fear to the others that they would inevitably tell. For now quiet was the best idea. Let them feel at peace with one another. If trouble were to come it would be soon enough and many people would know of it when it did.
They encountered nothing else on the journey to the village. They dropped off the wagon and the couple near the gates and wished them well and consoled them in their losses. Artirius, Balic and Tressnou did not waste time at the village, though the newlyweds protested their leaving. As soon as they were out of sight they made their way back into the woods and traveled north again. They closed the distance on the trade road and fell in near it again. They were able to see the road, but no one from the road could see them. From the village they were only able to travel a few hours before the sun waned away and night fell on them again. They had not slept for over a day and they decided that they may need to make camp for the night. They moved farther into the woods and made a small fire. The night was cool enough that the warmth was needed. They ate a small meal and covered themselves with the blankets they had packed in the mine. The group fell asleep quickly, the fatigue of the escape finally affecting them.
Only two had peace in their dreams. Artirius tossed and turned seeming to go in and out of deep sleep. He felt nearly awake then relaxed as though he was falling into a dream just to be jolted from the deep slumber he craved. Eventually he found deep enough sleep to dream, and it was of course the dream. He was back in the mountains, the constellation loomed over him. The snow was blanketing everything around and the voices were all around him. As always, it slid away. As it did he called to Atriel, “Do not leave me Atriel!”
“So that elf's name is Atriel is it,” the voice was Pyr's, and it did not come from the dream.


Chapter 12


Artirius was on his feet before he was truly aware of the situation. Tressnou had heard the voice and was up and prepared at Artirius's side. Balic however was still asleep on the ground, snoring deeply. Artirius and Tressnou looked across the fire to see the drow possessed by Pyr standing, smiling at them. They were tensed ready for what may come.
“Well now. I see you in the flesh and not the dream world, Artirius. You are an impressive human. Tressnou the great elven wizard, I know of you as well. Artirius, I can give you one last chance to leave this all behind. It is my masters direct order to me. I can give you only one more chance, though. Will you take it?”
“No.”
“I imagined as much. Well then, let me tell you what I know. Thanks to your friend’s constant attempts to send word to you in that dream, I have had time to locate him. Now that I know the exact name of the one you seek, Atriel, of all elves, I know his importance. Things that I am sure you are not aware of, either of you. I am going to kill him.”
The comment was cold as ice and factual in delivery, it was said as though it were a given.
“I will stop you,” Artirius gave Pyr a look that would freeze mortal creatures.
“You amuse me still. Artirius, give up. You are a mortal man with a little magical blood in your veins. What are you, really? The hero, or better said, the cliché. My lord gives you a gift he grants none. And you throw it in his face. You insult him and me. Trust me. I will kill this Atriel and he will not be a nuisance in my master’s plans ever again. He has meddled enough in my master’s affairs.”
Tressnou spoke, “Meddled, you say? So Atriel has had business with your master in the past then, has he. It must infuriate you that a lesser being than yourself caused so much trouble.”
Pyr's face contorted in rage, “How dare you belittle me elf! I have lived longer than you can remember and will do so long after this day. I go to the north to possess a more powerful body, to kill Atriel, and you will not make it there to stop me, and as for those filthy dwarves you left in that hole, they will die. When I left the beasts had already made it in the door. You have failed in all that you have attempted. Goodbye.”
As the word crossed the lips of the drow the possession over him was gone. He was confused and surprised to see two others staring him down over a fire in the middle of the woods. He quickly cast a spell and, thrusting out his open palms in the direction of Artirius, he released it.
Tressnou had already begun to counter the spell. As soon as it left the drow's hands Tressnou stopped the greenish black mass and sent it back at the attacker. He screamed in anguish and fell to the ground dead. As he did, Tressnou became immediately alarmed and swirling his arms he conjured a translucent blue shield over the body of the dead necromancer. As the shield formed a gaseous green cloud exploded from the corpse consuming it in the process. The shield seemed to bulge and Tressnou struggled for a moment. He regained control and shrunk the shield down and down until it was hardly any larger then a marble. Then with a clap of his hands it was gone altogether. He fell to the ground, the spell work had taxed him.
“What was that? Are you alright?” Artirius asked the wizard.
Regaining his breath Tressnou stood once again, “I am fine. That was indeed a necromancer, very old and powerful. To possess that one Pyr is indeed strong in his own right. If he means to aquire a greater vessel, I fear his meaning.”
“Well at the least the necromancer is dead.”
“I am afraid it is not so Artirius. He is indeed alive. One of the darker magics they possess actually. They place a part of their soul in a vessel, a coffin often. As long as it is not destroyed they will reincarnate whereever their soul is stored. Most likely a week or so from now. One as powerful as that one could be nearly a hundred miles away and find their way back. He will be weakened but I assure you in time he will be back to strength. If I had the time I would search him out.”
They paused for a moment, Artirius looked to the south. “I wonder if they made it in the mines.”
“We cannot let that bother us for now friend. One way or the other we have our goals at hand. Give me a moment, I was too quick in sleeping this night,” Tressnou scryed the area using a spell to assure no other presence was about them. Afterward, he placed a protective spell over the camp to shield them from sight and warn of intrusion if it were to come. “Well then, that is done. We should be fine now.” As he spoke those words Balic snored loudly and scratched his buttocks in his sleep.
Artirius smiled, “That is if we are granted peace with that lying about.” They both laughed. Soon, the two companions were asleep. Artirius was pleased to dream again. He was in the mountains, in the grove. The voices were all about him and the stars were clear in the sky. As always the dream faded away. As it did he thought, “I will be here soon.”
The rest of the night was peaceful and the group woke well rested. Balic had no recollection of the events of the previous night, and did not believe the others.
“Are you sure you did not both just dream this up? No, no, no, I know what it is. As usual with jokers like you around, while serious business is at hand you insist on Tom foolery. Well, I will have no part in it.”
Artirius and Tressnou both laughed for it was indeed comical, “Now listen here...” Tressnou began.
“I will not,” Balic interjected, “we have business at hand and must get moving, now come along. Good day.”
“We are not lying,” Artirius insisted.
“I said good day! Now let’s go.” Balic smiled and winked at the pair. How he could have slept through all the commotion neither could figure out. They all laughed and were then again on their way. They kept off the main road on the eastern side and headed steadily to the north. The journey ahead was smooth for the most part. They traveled during the day along the road and slept at night shielded by Tressnou's magic. If you could call sleeping with the snoring dwarf sleep at all. From the night Pyr attacked they traveled four days in this fashion. They saw little on the trade road, which was somewhat odd as they grew closer to the mountain passes. Small towns dotted the area which they had to bypass. Trade was very common among them and the town of Valtenberg in the mountains. The fighting had not spread this far. Aside from the skirmish they had on the road, there was no evidence of the great force that was left behind at the mine. So the question still stood. This time of year, as winter was approaching, the time for harvest and trade was at hand. It made little sense to them; that trade was next to nonexistent.
They made camp then on the fourth night. “By my estimation we have about one solid day of travel left to reach the pass and from there, three days to Valtenberg.” Balic told Artirius and Tressnou.
“That sounds right by my recollection of things,” Artirius nodded in agreement.
“Well we should be in your homeland soon then, Artirius. Perhaps two weeks at most,” Balic looked at Artirius smiling.
“Yes....it seems that I will be home again.”Artirius paused pondering.
Tressnou questioned, “Not excited to be going back then. From the stories of your departure I can imagine why.”
He stared long and hard into the fire. He recalled the fight with Jorund. It seemed a painful scar in his heart and soul greater than all the wounds he had on his body in all his life. He left his people to find himself only to become more lost. Then to ironically return home just to only say goodbye as he left again to find himself. He felt ashamed. Artirius the great barbarian. Slayer of great beasts, slain himself by his own heart, “I regret much. As most do. I fear that I may never be at peace. That this will ultimately be a journey like all the others I have been on. I have killed nightmares and dragons. I most likely will help in the slaying of Galmatros, perhaps doing the deed myself. I am a hero not by choosing, but because it must be done. Duty to those around me. Oddly enough, I have only found peace next to someone on the field of battle. Am I no more a monster than those I kill.”
Looking soft and with compassion at his friend Tressnou again gave him a question, “Have you ever considered that perhaps the killing is not what gives you your peace? For I know many monsters, both beasts and intelligent beings, and I know you are not a monster.”
Artirius thought on it a moment, “You are right, it is not the killing. I just may have to accept what I am one day. For now, though, I cannot have my wishes. Perhaps the gods will grant me them. We will see.”
“What on earth are the two of you going on about?” Balic broke the silence.
“Things deeper than your snore good dwarf,” Tressnou said the right words to bring smiles to all their faces. It was not as though Balic could understand. He had spent far less time with Artirius then Tressnou had. He did not know the heart of the man. Artirius realized very young that the one thing he truly wanted he could never have. He would be in danger all the time. It would not be fair to burden others with that. He knew in his heart that he would wield the hammer his entire life. No family would be granted to him, no wife, no child. As he looked across the fire to his friends and thought of those he left behind, he began to realize he had more then he really thought. He gave a small smile to himself.
“Goodnight my friends,” he said, and laid down and fell asleep.
The group awoke early the next day. They took their time packing up. They had been rushing and running so much that a more leisurely pace would be nice. After a small breakfast they continued on their way. As the day went on, the brush became more thick and rocky. The trade path slowly narrowed and the slope became steeper and steeper as they neared the pass. There were still no trade carts or travelers. It became worrisome to the group.
Around midday the mountains became visible ahead as the trees thinned a bit. It was becoming less helpful to travel along the road with less cover so the group traveled on it now. The terrain leveled off for the time, so it was decided that they should stop for a brief meal. Afterwards they continued on their way. A few hours went by before they passed the last small crossroad before the mountains.
“No more towns between here and Valtenberg,” Balic nodded to his companions. “If the weather holds back then we should be fine.”
“Well then, let us pray for good fortunes,” Artirius smiled.
“And swift feet as we travel,” Tressnou added.
The meal consumed, they continued on their way. It was coming to the evening and chill winds came down from the mountain. Balic and Tressnou pulled their cloaks about themselves tighter, Artirius felt fine. The cool wind was nothing to his barbarian skin. They were near the mountain passes now. The trees were all but gone and now the brush began to thin. Artirius was the first to notice the oddity in the road ahead. The sun was lowering in the sky, not quite dusk, but low on the horizon. It seemed that it disappeared. At first they did not know what it was. But as they continued on closer and closer it became evident. Their hearts began to sink at the realization. Now the sun nearly set they saw the reason the trade was all but stopped just south of Valtenburg. This was the reason why no one was heading into the mountains. In front of them stood a mound of rock and rubble. The pass through the mountains was cut off by a massive rock slide. They would not be going to Valtenburg, or the north for that matter, not on this road. The pile of rocks pushed on their spirits.
Tressnou looked over the rubble, “Not passable in the least, by the look of things. And I don't think we have the time to dig it out it would take months with this extensive amount of collapse.”
The group let out a sigh in unison. Balic looked to the east then to the west. “No chance in heading to the east, mostly mountains I don't wish to find myself in. Ones not traveled and inhabited by many things evil by the rumors. To the west and around the mountain range is the only way I can see going from here. Through the Northern Wood.”
Tressnou looked to the west. It was a foreboding look. The wizard did not hesitate in much and this seemed such a simple thing, even silly, to see. But he stood looking nearly mortified. He broke the silence with the thoughts that troubled him, “This does not seem right. This rock slide not only is not common this time of year, but is far to large. It seems very unnatural indeed. Also to have our path blocked here of all places. This would cause us a great set back.”
Artirius nodded, “Pyr then, or another of Galmatros's minions are at fault here I'm sure. I agree Tressnou this is not good.”
“No, it is not. Those woods have had some political unrest of late as well. The river which divides the wood in half acts as the border between the two peoples that occupy the wood. This side of the wood are the humans. The other side a primitive elven tribe, hardly any relation to the elves of Alastrial. So we are now funneled into a volatile part of the world.”
Artirius added, “With the conflicts between the two groups it would be an excellent opportunity for Galmatros as well. How easy would it be for him to spark a fire in their hearts greater than the hatred they have for each other already. I am sure it would not be hard for them to go to war over the right actions.”
“Agreed,” Tressnou nodded. “They have been ready to fight for some time as it is. Over a particular patch of the river, no less. Each side argues the right to it exclusively. In actuality the area is not even really in either of their territories. It is part of a joint trade agreement with West Hall and the delta lands to the south. Because the quarrel has not affected either of the parties in the trade agreement, they have allowed the elves and human factions in the North Wood to continue the fighting.”
Balic summed up the talk, “So, we have been funneled into a land war by a demon bent on killing us. We travel with an elf on the territory of the humans so they will be really keen on killing him. And we have to get to the north before the demon kills Atriel, right?”
Artirius nodded.
“Well it could be worse, they could be at war with dwarves. Let's get moving. We'll set up camp after it gets a little darker.”
“Shouldn't we think on this a little more,” Tressnou pondered to the group.
Artirius smiled, “It looks like we already have.”
Balic winked at Artirius, “He is only concerned because he is an elf and for some reason is fond of his hide. Silly elf habit, I guess.” The pair chuckled and walked off to the west toward the forest. Tressnou sighed deeply, shaking his head. He followed after them into the darkening night.


Chapter 13


They traveled an hour more before they made camp for the night. The western portion of the land was smoother, less rugged than the east. The forest was more lush here. It did not take long for them to run into big trees and heavy brush. They were forced away from the mountains quickly as it became steeper and steeper at the base. They found a small clear area and made camp there, under a few oak and pine trees. The night was cool. A breeze came down on them from above. If it were not for the impending doom all around them, it could have been a great night in the woods, but doom has a way of making things somewhat more serious. So as they had done since the night Pyr attacked them, Tressnou scryed the area and put up his defensive shields. Another night safely hidden. Another night of Balic's snoring.
Aside from the snoring, Tressnou and Artirius slept well. After the usual small breakfast, they packed up and were on their way. Finding a clear path was not easy in the dense forest, but they made good time. Artirius lead the way for the most part now. He was able to clear a definable path as he went, which was easy for the others to follow. The animals here were either not afraid of people in general or were fond of them because they scurried about as if the group were nothing more than part of their everyday life. In fact, there was one time Artirius had to push a deer out of his way. It looked at him confused and went back to nibbling on a berry bush. The journey through these woods could have been peaceful, enjoyable even. If they were not pressed by the happenings of the world it would have been a tranquil place to simply sit and do nothing.
But of course, they could not stop or really slow down for that matter. Instead they just kept moving forward. They kept heading north with the mountains as close as they could keep them to the east. On occasion they would have to wind deeper into the woods to avoid heavy undergrowth, mostly thorns and brambles, which would not be enjoyable to walk through. They kept at this for around two days very steadily. They camped as normal and began travel when the sun came up the next day. The forest was thick for the most part, and the chill breeze kept coming down from the mountains. The animals played and frolicked and all was the same as it had been.
There had been nothing new until around midday, then something different happened. The forest began to thin. At first it seemed natural, but soon a discernible path formed heading in essentially a northern direction. It did seem odd at first, but up until that point nothing should have seemed odd. They had seen no one, aside from the animals of course. They knew that humans lived in the area but, as of this point, had seen none. For that matter, there were no signs of them for that matter, either. It was possible that they had villages deeper in the woods. They were rather uncertain, as few had ventured into the wood and no one had ever really mapped it. They were actually running, blind here. All in all the path was better travel and faster to walk upon than the brush.
As they traveled the path, things thinned out somewhat more about them. It looked very natural, but still it seemed as though it was done by an unnatural force, men. It was Balic who noticed first, “What has happened to the animals that had been all about?”
Artirius turned around to answer, but stopped instead. The path behind them was gone. They had not taken the time to look to their rear, but indeed the path was gone. He pointed it out to the others and they were as caught off guard as he.
Tressnou understood the workings though, “Druid magic it seems.”
“The casters of the natural magic, as I understand?” Artirius asked of Tressnou.
“More or less. Elves have an affinity for the arts and it is a mingling of both arcane and druidic magics that guards our forests. Humans have been known to take up the practices as well, though to have power of this degree is impressive. One way or the other it seems we are being lead to a point of the magic's choosing. It is possible we were not even heading north. I should have sensed this.”
“One way or the other, we will not be following the path any longer. We should push off it toward the mountains...” Artirius looked about himself, “If we can find them I guess.”
“I fear we may be at the mercy of the magic. I have little power of the natural arts, and to untangle this would take more time then I fear we have. I just pray that nature is in a merciful mood.”
“For your sake elf, I would pray for much mercy,” the cold callous voice came from the direction they had been heading. The three turned to find its owner as well as several bows and staves pointed in their direction. The man front and center had a long composite bow strung across him with a quiver of arrows on his back. At his right side a long sword was strapped at his waist, which glistened light blue on the steel blade. On his left side, a short sword adorned his belt glowing similarly. He wore chain mail with light leather lining underneath. His boots were heavy, capped in metal on the toes and three spikes studded to the metal. In his left boot was a knife of elegant craftsmanship, evident by observing the guard and hilt carved into the likeness of a tree with a small emerald on the pommel. He wore no helmet and his dark brown hair flowed midway down his back. It was wavy but not wild. His eyes were pale green, and his face was narrow with a rather pointed chin and nose though the chin was more so. His lips were thin and pink. His stare was intense as he looked over them all. 
His men were similarly adorned, with the exception of the glowing weaponry and fancy dagger. The staff wielders, obviously druids, were adorned more simply in orange robes, embroidered with vines in both brown and green. It was clear that they were not welcoming of Artirius and his friends.
As the stare down continued it became clear that the silence must be broken. It was Artirius who began, “I am not always the most graceful of men when it comes to the right things to say, but let me say thus. My friends and I mean no harm to you or your forest. The trade roads of the north have been closed off by a rock slide and we have grave need to head north. We apologize for any trespass. We do not wish any trouble.”
The man before them nodded in thought. He sighed, “It is rather clear to me o’ great barbarian, Artirius was it?”
“Yes, but I have not given you my name.”
“There is little need,” he smiled somewhat coyly, “you see my men have followed you from your entrance into my home. They have overheard everything about you, a few talks and the like. The shrouding by the one with the misshapen ears,” he pointed to Tressnou, “was good at hiding you from sight, but not from hearing, I fear. I have heard of you anyway, barbarian. Your people do not live too terribly far away and, though secluded from most, we hear from the world about us. But now we really must discuss why two fine gentleman and their freakish pet,” he scowled at Tressnou, “are wandering my woods again.”
Tressnou began though a bit taken aback, “Well, needless to say,” but he was cut off by the human.
“Yes it is needless for you to say, because you are a pet. Let your better speak.”
Tressnou nearly fumed from his ears but remained calm and maintained his composure. Though angered, the years had taught him how to mask most of his emotions. Artirius spoke as was requested, “Well, may I ask your name? That is, if we plan to understand one another, a name would help to go with the face.”
“My name means little. Though if we must, for now call me the King, of the Wood, as that is my role in these parts. East of the river that is. On the other side this one’s savage cousins live,” again he motioned in Tressnou's direction, “though there is little difference between the wood elves and the high elves of Alastrial.”
“Aside from being shorter, stockier, and in general lightly tanned in complexion, as opposed to our essentially opposite appearance. They are also not nearly as gifted or intelligent,” Tressnou corrected the King.
He ignored Tressnou altogether, saying, “Artirius, you really must keep that one more in line. A pet should not be so forth coming.”
“I will show you forth coming,” Tressnou stepped in the direction of the King.
“Pray you do step another foot in our direction. For watching you be riddled with poisonous arrows shot by my men would amuse me greatly, elf. Your kind is scorned here, and to be honest, only this human saved you from instant death. Now, if you please silence your tongue as any further talk from you will be considered a threat. It would be a shame if harm befell you after all.”
Heat radiated off of the elf. He was not accustomed to this kind of treatment, and was not in the least pleased. Artirius was not interested in confrontation. In this situation it would most likely end poorly for the travelers. It was time for him to calm things down a bit, “All fun aside, we indeed mean no harm. We have not threatened, at least not intentionally. We need to get to the north. If we must pay homage to you then simply tell us the debt we owe you.”
The man looked over them, obviously skeptical of outsiders. “Few pass this way in times of peace, and fewer still in times of war. It is odd that only one day ago the elves attacked and killed a patrol along the river. Now I find one wandering with a human and a dwarf. I believe that for now it would be advisable for you to simply join us. Consider it a mandatory invitation to my village.”
Artirius motioned silently to the others to keep quiet, “As you wish, King, though I still wish to inquire as to your name, the real one. If I am to be a prisoner I would like that courtesy.”
“O’, prisoner is harsh. No, no, you are my guests remember. My name is Willam Elred, King of the Northern Wood. Willam will suffice of course. Now,” Willam motioned and his men parted forming a path, “If you will, this way. It will be nearing night when we reach our village.”
Artirius, Tressnou and Balic began following a small group of soldiers, and were followed closely behind by Willam and the remaining guard. Behind them the path closed up and the trees and brush ahead of them continued to open. It was like they were walking in a bubble that pushed nature away from them as they moved. It was indeed a marvel to behold.
There was no talking as they walked, just the steady sound of feet treading on clear ground. Nature still stirred about them. They glimpsed wild game regularly. It was clear that the humans and nature lived in harmony here. It was somewhat contradictory. Most places man had treaded, nature had been the first thing he destroyed. The barbarians of the north were somewhat in tune with it but, they did not live with it in such a way. This had a sense of equality or companionship. It was not a parallel path like the barbarians had made, where they walked alongside nature. Here, they instead walked hand in hand. Artirius marveled at it a bit. To think that humans had found a way to interact with nature that rivaled the elves in the south. He wondered how the northern elves lived. These humans were very similar to southern elves though not as artistic or manipulative of the surroundings. Was it likely the northern elves were as affluent with nature as their cousins and their neighbors, or were they not? Ultimately as intriguing as it was to think about culture, the real question still remained, why were the elves and humans fighting over this patch of land? What would they do to each other?
It was nearing nightfall and Artirius wondered if they were getting close to a settlement or some sort of camp, or if they planned on marching through the night. As if answering his very thought, ahead of them through the forest fire light became visible. They were heading in its general direction, so it seemed likely that was where they would be spending their night.
They drew closer and the light grew brighter. Then the forest suddenly ended all together and before them was the city of the men of the north. The first area was several rows of cottage homes. This portion of the city had no wall. Just neat rows of homes with well trodden dirt roads about them. There were ditches cut nicely to collect water and it seemed to flow into a central waterway to the west. Here and there pubs and other shops nestled themselves between homes. Men and woman were about their evening business, paying little attention as the soldiers, king, and his “guests” proceeded through town. It looked just like many human towns. After walking for a couple minutes, making a few turns here and there, they came to the city’s inner wall. It was a tall and sturdy stone wall. Guards walked along its parapets. In front of them was what appeared to be the main gate to the city. Two towers lined each side. From them protruded two large ballistae. Above the gate were slots for archers to stand. They were designed, it seemed, to curve out at the top, away from the main face of the wall itself. Most likely to make scaling the structure more difficult. The gate house, which held the mechanisms to raise and lower the outer iron trellis gate, had slots cut out for archers as well, though they were little larger then a fist. They were designed to prevent attacks from penetrating but still allow for some degree of defense.
As they approached, they were acknowledged by what appeared to be the gate captain, for he ordered the opening of the gate. At his order, gears were heard turning and counter weights falling as the trellis was pulled upward. They walked under the wall, which must have been ten feet or more in thickness. Before them a large wooden gate yielded, and they were in the heart of the city. Large buildings wrought of timber and stone formed the structures here. It was not as large as the outer area, but was still sizable. They walked straight through a marketplace. Some commerce was going on here and there, but it seemed as though an event was being planned as a pile of logs was set in the center of the town. Seats were set about it in a circle. There was also a large table that men and woman were busy piling with food. 'A feast?' Artirius thought to himself.
As they passed the market they took a turn down a side street. At the end they came to a stone building, with barred windows and a heavy wooden door. The roof was flat and made of solid wooden timbers. A jail, it would seem, by the solidness of its construction. As they approached, the entrance opened.
The man that came forth was a sight to see. He was tall with greasy slicked back hair. His face was pocked with a large nose centered between his small black eyes. A bushy mustache covered most of his mouth, which had two full lips curled up in a smile. He had a portly belly wrapped in his shirt and vest, tied off by a belt with a dagger in a scabbard on his side. His skinny legs appeared beneath him clothed in tight black trousers, ending in heavy leather boots. The man seemed in very poor shape, but rather well fed. It was rather obvious who he was. The sheriff.
“Roland,” King Willam acknowledged the man, “how go things with the prisoner that was brought to you earlier?”
In a rough and heavy voice Roland responded, “The vermin is keeping quiet for now. I am sure he will break soon enough though...” motioning with a nod of the head in Tressnou's direction, “That another for me to play with?”
Tressnou was taken aback, while Willam chuckled a bit. He responded, “No, no. He is apparently from the south. We found these three traveling together and are verifying a few points before we let them go. In the mean time,” he looked to his 'guests', “Roland will look after your belongings. If you would.”
Somewhat reluctantly, they handed over their weapons and gear.
“Good. You will not need these things in my town. As my guests you will find yourselves quite safe. Now, I have made arrangements with an inn in the marketplace, a nice one I may add, for you to spend your nights while you are here.”
Tressnou interrupted, “And how many nights may that be?”
Shuttering a bit Willam responded, “I was growing found of not hearing you speak. Well, I should hope to know within three days or so. As we have been following you since you entered our woods, I have had people investigating your origins for a few days now. Hopefully they come back verifying your claims. That is, hopefully for you, of course. I could not care less myself. Oh,” Willam looked at Tressnou's staff, “that too, please.”
Tressnou began to protest but Roland grabbed the staff, “We know well enough about your people's magics. The elves up here don't play that way, but you do. Who knows what spells or tricks you have in this thing,” looking to Willam, “Sir, will that be all?”
“For now, yes. I hope to see you at the festival, leave a couple guards with the prisoner though. We do not want him to escape.” He nodded and smiled at the sheriff.
“Thank, you sir,” and with a smile and a nod Roland returned to the jail, slamming the door behind him.
“Now, if you wish, I can show you to your accommodations so that you may refresh yourselves before the festivities tonight?”
Smiling and nodding to Willam, Artirius asked, “Do we really have much choice in the matter?”
“Well no, I suppose you do not.”
Artirius nodded again, “So who is in that cell? I will assume it is one of the Northern Elves, but is he of consequence?”
Willam stared off to the west. It was as if he were miles away. He looked to Artirius, “For now let us not dwell on the matter,” he turned to his men, “You are dismissed men. I will see those of you who do not have prior engagements at the festival,” they dispersed. He turned back to Artirius and his companions, “Now, if you will follow me...” and with that he turned back the way they came.
Artirius, Tressnou and Balic in tow, followed the King of the Northern Wood. They walked slowly, there was no hurry. The town was very peaceful. Night now held the town in its grips. Lights were being lit in homes and shops. The stone streets beneath their feet clicked under the boots of Willam, who was at the head of the pack. It was a steady metronome, keeping beat in the night. Aside from that they heard nothing as they walked. The air was crisp and clean. Winter approached, though autumn still kept a small hold on the land. A light breeze was felt that rustled through leaves that were beginning to turn to colors of reds and browns, oranges and yellows. It was a moment, rare in times of conflict, that seemed to be spurting about the world of peace.
Tressnou held his head heavily down, deep in thought and contemplation. He stopped moving altogether. He looked up at the back of Willam and asked, “Is he the boy, Willam?”
Willam stopped in a clink, “I thought I had asked the dog to be quiet,” turning to face Tressnou with a look of anger and detestation, “perhaps I was not clear in the matter?”
“You can be blinded by hatred all you want,” the elf looked him squarely in the eyes, “but if your prisoner is who I believe, then you will be at war until the end. You must know this.”
“Mind your business elf, and pray I wait for the reports of your validity before passing judgment on you,” Willam turned and walked on, the click of his boots the only sound in the night. He did not turn to see if the others followed, which they did.
It was not long before they were back in the square. The festivities were near at hand and people were busy finishing their assigned tasks. The inn they were housed in was located on the square and had a view that overlooked the marketplace's center. The bonfire could be seen well, its flames licking the night, well from the room they were housed in. It was easily over a story high.
As they sat looking out over the marketplace, Artirius wondered to himself. He sat on a wooden backed chair near the fire. It was obvious as he drew the attention of Tressnou, “Well, my friend, what seems to be troubling you?”
He looked up; his deep blue eyes seemed to pierce the air in the room. It was obvious that something had his attention. “Earlier you spoke of the prisoner. I am under the assumption you know who is in the cell.”
“Astute as ever my friend, well it begins before we even left Alastrial. It is actually the reason a young elf was running out the door when we talked to one day. There were rumors of escalated violence in the North. So he was sent as an advisor for our estranged cousins. My hopes were to avoid further and more devastating fighting, but it seems he was unable to do so or he was too late. It seems that the rumors were all too true.” Tressnou paused and blinked. He turned and looked to the window, at the fire down below. Clearing his throat he continued, “From sources I have in the human kingdom to the West, located on the great peninsula, I heard tell of an encounter between the forest men and elves. The prince of the elves went missing at a battle near the river. It was presumed the humans may have known his location. My guess is he is in that jail.”
The three sat together pondering. They were not able to ponder long, though. A knock came from the door, “You have been requested by the King.” They looked from one another for a moment before standing and going to the door. Outside they found an armed guard ready to escort them. They were taken down the hall and the stairs to the entry hall of the inn. Willam was there waiting for them.
“Well,” said Willam smugly, “I hope that the accommodations were to your liking. Now I think it is time for you to join us at the festivities. For guests on such a noble quest, I feel it would be rude otherwise. Justin, that will be all.” He nodded to the guard, who bowed low and walked away out the door and into the marketplace. “This way please,” he requested of the three as cordially as he could. They obliged.
From the look of things in the marketplace it would seem that nearly the entire town was present. All the seats around the fire were full, and many found themselves standing about. The food tables were packed with people picking through the delectable food. Willam lead them around the fire to the far side where seats had been reserved for the four. A smaller table had been laid out for them here. They sat and began to dine. As the meal went on, subjects acknowledged the king, though none talked of business or other affairs. It was simply a time of relaxation and pleasure and a time of temporary peace during times of war.
Roland was seen moseying about, just like any good lawman given an order by his king. He seemed as out of place in public as a wild animal would, but he did his best. When one spends their time in a jail, little more than a slightly drier cave, you tend to be a little out of touch with society. He seemed jovial, as if he were dancing on a cloud. Or it simply could have been the several mugs of mead he had consumed. Noticing the king’s table, Roland briskly made his way to Willam. He stumbled over a stool, spilling some of his drink, but with reflexes oddly graceful for someone like him, he managed to stay on his feet, stopping promptly in front of the head table.
“Fine festival sir, it is truly a testament to our greatness,” Roland slurred.
“Yes, it is good to see you outside of the jail, Roland. I am glad you were able to attend. I trust everything goes well in my jail.”
“Aye Sir, the elf prince brat as well in hand, and…” before he was able to finish Willam silenced him.
“Remember yourself! Away with you to your jail do not come back until I have called for you.” Roland, beside himself, stumbled off again in the direction of his jail this time. He looked like a dog scolded by his master.
Willam had a grievous look upon his face. It was clear that Roland's actions were the cause. The group was silent. The three adventurers looked at Willam. It was clear that they were waiting on him. Willam took a bite of his pheasant and sipped his beverage. Then he cleared his throat saying, “So it seems you now know my secret.”
Tressnou nodded, “We had assumed as much before he came down to join you in the festivities. Now it is simply an assurance that what I had heard rumor of is most definitely true.”
Willam looked as though he contemplated his next move, as though he was strategizing against a foe, though none was present. At least Artirius and his friends were not truly enemies, but to Willam they were not allies. He looked from one side to the other. “So the real question now, is what I do with you?”
Artirius looked at the man. He was a man of stature, as the saying might go. He would have seemed imposing on lesser men than Artirius, but when none were your equal few could seem impressive to you. Nevertheless, something about this man did indeed impress Artirius. He did not understand what it was, but it was most definitely there. Perhaps it was that he, too, was a man with burden resting on his shoulders. Artirius could understand, to some degree, his position. He had not taken the mantle of king, but greatness had a habit of following him around. He was a savior to those who needed one. He may very well be a savior again in the times ahead. So he looked at the man that was king, and said to him, “As great as your burden is, if you had truly thought that we were your enemies, then I must ask you, would we be sitting here now?”
Willam looked at the barbarian, and smiled with a nod. “It is true, my fellow human. These people to me are like children, my children. If an elf,” he looked aside at Tressnou, not in a manner of hate and anger, but in sorrow and grief, “or for that matter any living thing must suffer to ensure their safety, I would commit the act an hundred times over for their sake. It is not what I truly wish. It is the burden I must bear. For a people of peace, there must be among them a doer of evil things.”
Tressnou sighed heavily, and looked at Willam sympathetically, “Do you really think that what you say is true?”
“What know you?! You are an elf, and not one of these. At least your people don’t talk peace by littering unarmed men with their arrows. They don’t poison the smaller settlements water supplies killing children, men, women, the sick and the elderly all in one swoop. To me, that thing in my jail is little more than a monster, which deserves to have its life snuffed out. I keep him only to gain, and when I can no longer gain, I will dispose of him.”
Tressnou now looked cross, “Such wisdom for the king of a people. For one who talks of peace you sound the hypocrite, Willam.”
“You may call me King, and nothing more.”
Artirius smirked and chuckled lightly. It surprised them all a great deal and drew the tables’ attention. “I envy you, Willam.”
“You jest with me?”
“No, no. I do envy you. I wish it were as easy for me to lie to myself about who I really was on the inside. I wish I could do what everyone expected of me without thinking if it were right or wrong, without thinking in general. It would be much easier, I do think so indeed. For then I would not have to grieve if I told myself I had no choice in the matter and that things were simply meant for me to be the way they were. I am a hero because I choose to be. I do not need to raise this hammer but I do. That is our burden King. We have for whatever reasons, been given our roles, and it is we who choose how to act them out.”
Willam was put off balance by the remark.
Tressnou winked at him, “This barbarian has surprised me more times than you would ever imagine, King. He is right, though. He speaks much truth.”
Willam looked deep into the fire, “I have tried in vain to stop the fighting. I just don’t know how. They will not hear my pleas for peace. What do we do, if we do not fight? Do we let ourselves die?”
As the king finished a scream went up through the crowd. Looking up they saw him. He was only twenty feet away. The prince was bruised and welted where he had been whipped. His eyes bore hate in them so deep it felt as if it swallowed one whole. He was wild in look. Tan and chiseled in complexion under the pain he had been dealt. In his right hand was Roland’s dagger. It was bloody.
The elf let out a deafening howl like roar and whipped his arm forward releasing the dagger with unnatural speed. Its aim was sure and true. Its purpose was deadly. Willam’s eyes were wide and shock had crossed his face. He could not dodge the attack. He could not defend against it. It was coming closer and closer now only a few inches in front of his face.
With uncanny reflexes Tressnou moved faster than the others were able to tell. His hand flashed in front of Willam’s face and his finger snapped. In that instant his staff appeared, and the dagger found a place to rest, just an inch short of its target. Tressnou leaned in close, “Did you think you could hold anything of mine?”
The prince did not wait to act but had already sprinted forward leaping high into the air. He meant to pounce upon the king. Tressnou was there again. As the elf prince came down from the arc of his jump, Tressnou trust his staff forward. The instance the staff touched the prince’s flesh a flash brightened the night, and the prince was gone. 


Chapter 14


The shock among the crowd was immediate. No one seemed to be hurt. A few had been knocked down, and guards and other officials were busy calming the crowd and directing subordinates. Roland hobbled through the crowd clutching his right arm. Blood dripped down leaving a trail behind him. Willam quickly moved toward him.
“Sir, he… he,” Roland was silenced by Willam’s raised hand.
“I should have known better than to allow you to return to duty. Go see to your wounds, and get yourself home. I will forget that you were even here, and that you had anything to do with this.”
Roland attempted to stammer out a response, but was too distraught to do so. He hobbled off and was lost in the crowd.
Willam looked to Tressnou with a flat expression, a much nicer expression than usual. “I must thank you, Tressnou. I suppose I could inquire as to where my assailant is now, but I also suppose you will not tell me.” Tressnou nodded in acknowledgment. “If you would, you three return to your room. I will be busy cleaning up this mess. The first attack on our home city, oddly enough, was our own fault, my own fault.” Willam turned away and began giving orders to his men and comforting his people.
Balic, who to this point had been mostly enthralled in his meal, spoke, “Well I guess it is time to rest up, aye. Off to the inn, I suppose,” and off he went back to the inn.
Artirius looked at Tressnou, “I have to ask you, is there much that actually phases that one?”
Tressnou shook his head, “If I have met a more unconcerned dwarf, I cannot name him.”
The pair looked at each other and chuckled. They followed Balic off through the crowds and to the inn. The group found themselves again in their assigned room. The commotion began to calm in the marketplace, where the fire still burned brightly below. Most of the crowd had dispersed with a few remaining to clean up remnants of the festivities. Artirius, Tressnou and Balic conversed about the recent events and those to come.
“Tressnou, how do you think this is going to play out?” Artirius questioned.
“It is hard to say. The escalated violence here in this region can only become worse if it is believed the prince is dead. As for the human factor, just being attacked by the adversary so close to home, at home as a matter of fact, will put them on the defensive or perhaps just the opposite, on the offense. There are too many variables to consider. The only thing I can be certain of is that both factions will be interested in me.”
Balic nodded, “As usual you have put your big elf nose into other people business. One of these centuries you may just learn a lesson…” but Tressnou cut him short.
“Oh be quiet you. As usual you have two cents to add to the bank, but you have come when it is closed.”
They all laughed. Artirius motioned with his hands, “Now you two, settle down. Our concern needs to be where we move from here. Tressnou what course of action do you believe we should take?”
He looked out over the marketplace, “We must wait. We need to give each party the time to react. Willam will call on us soon. I'm sure of it.”
Balic looked skeptical, “I believe you mean you will be called on.”
“Perceptive as always.”
Artirius looked on with still questioning eyes, “So where is he, Tressnou? Where have you put the prince?”
Tressnou turned to Artirius and smiled, “If I am correct it is best that that information remains with me. I cannot tell you and Balic just yet. Let us wait until I am called on. Please my friends, trust me.”
That was all that was said the remainder of the evening. The three slept well. The dream tickled Artirius, and, as always Balic, just seemed tickled. Morning came soon enough and the well-rested adventures found themselves eating breakfast near the rekindled fire. Midmorning, a guard came knocking on the door. The summons had come. He escorted them outside around the corner and down the road leading to the jail. The door was open and prepared for their arrival. They entered the building, following behind was the guard.
The jail was efficient in design. Stepping through the front door they found themselves in the sheriff’s office. It was simple in adornment, with a desk to the right and some shelves on the back wall. Across from the entrance was another door, which presumably led to the cells themselves. Another door was to the left, it was uncertain at first where it may lead. As they closed the door on their way in Roland stepped out of the door, an odor wafting behind him. It was a relief room. Willam was sitting behind the desk waiting for them.
“Thank you, you may leave,” Willam commanded the guard.
With a nod, “Sir, thank you sir,” and he turned and left out the way they had come.
Roland moved to the side of the desk and sat at a seat readied for him. Willam motioned for the three to sit and they did so in front of the desk.
“Well, in light of events I no longer see the need for tack or secrecy. Roland here was indeed interrogating the elf prince that sat in this jail just last night. His name is or was, that point I am not sure of yet, but I’ll assume he lives, Hindrod. Torture was indeed used in some cases to gain information. We also knew of your coming before you arrived.” Willam sat with a rather blank expression on his face.
It indeed was interesting to them, as was Willam’s intention. Tressnou asked, “Can I presume you intend to tell us how you came upon this information?”
“Yes you can. I will not toy around with the facts either. We divined this from Hindrod. It seems that the one you spoke of, Galmatros, is more influential then you were aware of. The agent Pyr has been at work for some time, in more than one form. He recently made contact with the northern elves. He came in the form of a centaur, a people that are revered by the elves, as I am sure you are aware. As for your travels, the assault on Derril’s Point was known to us, and rumors of your being there were also heard. The last reports stated there was a stale mate, though the onslaught from outside seemed to have made a foothold inside again.”
Artirius looked down. He had questioned leaving, and though it was the best choice for others, it still felt like the wrong decision.
Willam continued, “It seems you are very valuable to them, Artirius. Galmatros very much wants you, though the reasoning is unknown. The individual Atriel, until you entered the woods, was unknown to us. He is also unknown by Hindrod,” Willam paused briefly, “I must say, all of this is a little bit hard to swallow. The problem is, all information points to it being true. As such, the choice seems to be side with Galmatros, or someone else. As of now there is no cohesive force against him or for that matter one behind him. Pyr has simply rekindled older conflicts.” Willam paused, allowing the gravity of this information sink in. After what seemed like many minutes, he continued with a question, “So what do you have to say about these things?”
For a minute more they were quiet, then Tressnou spoke, “What you have learned is all true. We are indeed a desired commodity. We seek Atriel hoping to find a solution with his knowledge. If any could help it would be he. Galmatros is concerned about the knowledge we may gain. Pyr himself said that if Artirius simply left, then he would be allowed a pass by Galmatros. When this failed, he told us of his plan to kill Atriel. His hope was to dissuade us from going further with our plans. It is in the best interest of the world, it seems, for us to get Artirius to Atriel. For Galmatros to have such an interest in an individual, he must be a danger.”
Roland looked at Willam whom glanced back at the lawman, “Our problems are more domestic than of the whole world though. We must weigh our options to benefit our people.”
Tressnou understood the meaning of Roland’s comment, “Truly, is it not only impossible for you to keep us here against our will, but giving us to Galmatros is not going to benefit you. I do though agree with you on a point, your domestic problems need handled. If you allow me some time to prepare, and help these two on their way, I have decided to stay here and help deal with my cousins bordering you.”
Shock and silence fell over the entire room. It was not a move that anyone expected or really understood. Willam ignored Roland’s attempts to whisper in his ear and simply answered, “One hour hence we will escort them to a path which will lead them to Valtenberg. The deal is your total cooperation in our needs here.”
“I will do my part to help end the conflict, I promise you nothing more. I will ensure you lose no land and that both your people will have peace. Will that suffice as an oath?”
“Yes, it will do. Roland see to it that four guides are ready to take them to the mountains. They are to arrive at the path alive and well, after that point they will not be our concern. Make sure no foul play is afoot, for I imagine our wizard friend will be more aware than we realize. Also, supply them with enough to get to Valtenberg, in food and water as well as shelter supplies. And return to each his belongings, including their money.”
“But, my lord, inventory restocking fees….” Roland interrupted.
“Perhaps you are deaf, RETURN TO THEM THEIR THINGS! NOW!” Roland ran off in the back and bustled through some belongings, “Are these terms fair to you, Tressnou?”
“Yes, they most certainly will do.” Roland bustled in as the elf finished talking. He handed Balic his things and went back to collect more. “I will need to return to the inn with them, but after they leave I will begin my duties to you in the capacity we have discussed.”
“It is fair,” as Willam finished Roland again entered, carrying on his back Artirius’s belongings, and dragging with two arms Thunders Fury. Artirius was handed the bag and offered the great mace. With one arm he lifted it as though it were a toy. Roland was clearly frustrated by his struggle. He turned and went to retrieve Tressnou’s things and returned quickly. At that he bowed and left, most likely completing the plans his king and Tressnou agreed to.
Willam spoke when Roland left, “I will see you at the inn in one hour. Be prepared for you will leave at the appointed time.” He went to the door and motioned courteously for them to exit and they did.
Once in the inn and securely in their room, Tressnou was confronted by Balic, “Well, what is that all about, aye. Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
Artirius looked at Tressnou, then at Balic, “He will have a reason Balic. I am sure. Well Tressnou, before your little friend keels over, let’s have it.
Tressnou motioned for them to sit and they did. “I have to admit, there are some personal reasons guiding me.”
“I knew it,” Balic said aloud to the group, “leave it to an elf to do things for himself.”
“Of course it would be solely for my own needs, you fool. It involves my aide. He should have been at work by now in matters here. Something tells me he may need my help. I do not know the reason but do know that he is well over due. As his teacher and mentor it is my responsibility to help him. Also,” he paused briefly, “it may benefit us to resolve this conflict. If and when Galmatros moves across this land, a struggle between these two people will mean two less forces to defend against our foe, one at the least. I believe I can turn this place into something good. Unlike the dogs and mongrels who fight the dwarves to the south, the elves here at least understand some civility. I believe this is the best place for me to be.”
The group was silent a moment. Then Artirius looked to Tressnou, “And what of Balic and I? Who will get us to Atriel. Who will be our guide?”
“He does have a point there elf-man. We will need your help getting to Atriel. Neither of us know the way.”
Tressnou laughed lightly, “Neither do I. At least no further than you. I know of only one thing that will help. As for actually finding Atriel, only he can truly reveal himself and his people to you.” Tressnou wrote down a name on a piece of parchment, “You both recall the human town north of the barbarians’ land correct?”
They both nodded acknowledgement, “Mountain Gate, so simple a name, is the place’s name. It was founded many years ago, back in the time my people had their disputes. It is from there your mother is partially descended, I am sure. They had a simple task originally; guard the base of the mountain, and the elves would guard the rest. Well, when I was young and my master left, he took many followers with him. One was a younger female elf that I was taken with and I think she was taken with me as well.”
Balic’s eyes grew wide and then narrowed, “Tressnou,” he proclaimed deviously, “I never took you for a romantic.”
“If you asked from time to time you may find I actually have a heart beating in my chest just like you, which I may remind you I can stop at any moment with a word.”
Artirius and Balic could not help but laugh.
Flustered, “May I continue?” Tressnou asked. The two nodded, “Thank you. Now, as I was saying. This younger female and I remained close after they left. I have managed to keep in touch. Every decade or so, I send a message to her, and I generally receive one in response. For the past few hundred years she has run a tavern in the town. Her name is on the paper along with the taverns name. She will be the best chance to find Atriel.”
Balic nodded, “Why not simply tell us these things? We are right here after all.”
“Well, I could very well do that, but the problem is that I am not sure who is listening to us. I can hide us from sight and evil in general, but good beings or those who have good intentions can still hear us. I do not have power to defend against them. Read it when you are alone, away from the men of these woods.”
Artirius arose, “Thank you, friend, for your help. I pray for your success here, and cannot wait until our paths cross again,” he held his hand out and embraced Tressnou in friendship.
“Artirius, you are single handedly the most amazing human I have met in my long life. Thank you for being my friend, and I hope to see you again soon. Atriel will help you, all of us.”
“Hmph,” Balic grumbled.
“I would not forget you old friend. Take care, Balic. You have helped me greatly in our time together. We will see each other soon enough. Besides, I would think you would be happy to be rid of me for a while.”
“Well, to be honest I must agree with you on that point. Take care elf. Jobs with so much freedom are hard to come by. If anything happened to you I would be most displeased.”
“Thinking of ourselves, nothing new I see,” Tressnou smiled and embraced Balic. “Well, I do believe our time has come. Good luck and be safe my friends.”
On cue, the door opened and Roland was there. “The time has come. I trust all of you are ready,” he swept his arm wide motioning for them to exit through the door. They met Willam in the lobby below.
He met them with quick words, “I hope we all benefit from our arrangement here. Roland and a few of my men will escort Artirius and Balic out of town via a western path. Tressnou, you may accompany them to the town’s borders, but after that I am afraid you will be allowed to go no further with them.”
Tressnou nodded in understanding, “It is a reasonable departure. I believe my friends are ready,” he looked at Artirius and Balic who nodded, “then let us go,” he finished.
With that, the group again left the inn and traveled down the road which led to the jail. Behind it was a lightly traveled path which head to the west. Here the travelers waved a good bye and only exchanged a side long glance as they departed. What had needed said was said, and what needed done was at hand.
They traveled the entire day with no troubles. Roland and the guides kept to themselves and did not talk much to Artirius or Balic. When it came time to make camp, Roland let them know and they helped make up a fire and prepare some food, but still no one talked. Even Balic and Artirius were a bit wary. The whole ordeal was unsettling in so many ways. Tressnou was no longer with them. Wars had broken out across the land. They were dealing with a king among demons. It was indeed a trying age. It was as though it were a legend that was heard in stories and epic poems. But it was not legend. It was the time they were living in. The time they were born into. 
Artirius had come home looking only to find out about himself. To abate the hunger he had inside. He could never understand it, no matter how hard he tried. Were these events only more obstacles in the way of his peace? Would he find what he desired, or would this adventure be like so many of the others? Would he slay the beast, save the damsel, and free the oppressed only to, as usual, be more lost than those he had saved from their near demise? Why was he tormented so? Questions continued to twirl in the barbarian’s mind. He shook his head and looked to Balic, who was, as usual, asleep and snoring soundly. He smiled. If only he could be at peace like the good dwarf beside him. At the thought he closed his eyes and went to sleep, to the tickle of the dream, to the pain in his soul.
After the usual night of restless sleep, Artirius woke before his guides and companion. He began to clean up his things, as was the norm, and he cleaned up the camp. He was not being polite to anyone, cleaning up simply meant that they would leave sooner. He made breakfast and laid it out as people arose from their peaceful sleep. He envied them. One night of peace, the freedom that would bring to him would be welcomed.
After the meals were eaten, the camp was packed up and they left. The travel was the same as the day before, though around midday the forest began to thin. Soon enough the terrain became rockier and the brush became more coarse. Through the trees the mountains slowly became visible. As they moved in closer, the path began to climb. Just after noon the forest broke and they were at the base of the mountains. Roland and the guides lead them north. They cautioned Artirius and Balic to watch for falling rocks. Some were strewn across their path, evidence to the danger. Around an hour or so went by before they arrived where they were promised, the path through the mountains. It was narrow but well defined. It went up and up and up into the mountains, curving here and there along the way. In some places, sheer rock walls lined both sides. In other parts there was a straight drop into mists below. It was a treacherous but passable route for the two travelers.
Roland turned and looked at Artirius and Balic, “Here is where we part our ways. This path will take you to the city of Valtenberg. Snow will be in the mountains now, so be careful. I would recommend stopping when you get to a particular portion of the trail. A small alcove will shelter you from the elements, and we have some supplies there you may use to make a fire. We use this trail regularly for various reasons and keep it stocked, so the supplies will not be missed. Now, there is of course one more thing,” Roland paused.
“Please keep this to yourselves. It is known to our people and no outsiders. Even the citizens of Valtenberg do not realize it is there. When you come to the end of the trail you will meet Dewy, he is the druid currently guarding the other side. He will help open the way into Valtenberg’s northern woods. You will find yourself coming in from the northern gates of course. They do not often find dwarves coming from that direction so you may be questioned a bit. They know of the fighting in the woods, but the barbarians of course have not been involved. I have heard of ill things happening in your lands, Artirius, though the details are sketchy. That aside they should be less inclined to question you. All in all, I think you will be ok once inside.”
Balic winked, “Don’t worry lad, getting through gates is my specialty. We will be fine.”
Roland nodded and paused a moment, “So I can trust you to silence correct?”
Balic nodded, “I never say much anyway sir,” he smiled and winked again.
Artirius also nodded, “I give you my word, I will speak nothing of this trail in the mountains which you have shown us and allowed us to use. Thank you Roland.”
Roland smiled, “You know, I do not dislike you barbarian. I am glad I was able to help you. Sometimes my duties are not all that bad. We will not let harm fall on your friend while he aids us. I swear it on my life.”
“Thank you for that as well,” Artirius held out his arm and Roland gladly shook it. At that Roland and his men waved farewell and departed back the way they came. It was only Artirius and Balic now.
Balic looked up at the man, “Well, let’s get a move on then. The sooner we start walking the sooner we are done with all of this and I can go back to harassing Tressnou in his home, and get paid to do it I might add.”
Laughing the two turned and went single file up the path into the mountains.


Chapter 15


The trail was just as it had seemed from the first time they looked at it. It was most definitely slow going. The risk of going too fast and falling to ones death was just too much for either adventurer to bear. So they took their time. In some places they needed to clear fallen debris or snow from the path. In others they tied rope to one another as they shimmied themselves along thin ledges. It was indeed tough going but they at least were heading in the correct direction.
They talked along the way. Though they had spent much time together, they had learned little about each other. The perils of being chased kept them alert most of the time. On this trail, aside from a fall, there was little real danger it seemed. The men of the northern woods had not mentioned anything in particular that might seem dangerous so it was a rather peaceful hike.
“So, how did you meet Tressnou, my friend?” Artirius asked the dwarf as he chucked a large rock off the cliff.
A smile crossed the dwarf’s face, “Well, as a matter of fact he found me. Long ago I was a trader. I traveled the paths that ran between West and East Hollows. One day while I was hauling a cart, I was ambushed by some nasty lurkers. They were hiding on a cavern ceiling as they are known for. They had no interest in my things, just killing me. I got one but then a second wrapped its tentacle-like hand around me neck and well, it was not looking good. Then Tressnou was just there. Flash of light from his staff, the beast was dead, and he was tending to me and my wounds. He was a little younger then. As was I, I guess.
“Now for two hundred years or so I have been his servant and, I am proud to say, friend. I have acted at times as his liaison to me people. I also, as you already know, am his informant on issues at large. I have agents here and there, and they gather knowledge for the great wizard. On some occasions I take to the seeking of knowledge myself. I am sure you understand that need. In fact, it was I who let him know you were on your way.”
“How did you know I was on my way?”
Chuckling, “As the wizard has secrets that keep him ahead of the game, so do I. Once you arrive in the woods the elves know you are there. Before that, I have my resources is all.”
“You are a strange and well versed dwarf it would seem, Balic.”
“Just don’t tell others, they might start relying on it,” Balic winked. “Now as for you my barbarian companion, how did you come to meet Tressnou?”
Artirius looked off into the mountains around them. He was looking back to the day he met the elven wizard. “It was not so momentous as your meeting, but nonetheless, it was a great day in my life. It may surprise you, but in my life I have not encountered foes that better me.”
“Really, my huge friend, never would imagine you as dangerous.”
“Yes, well I am capable. It is this blood that courses through my body I guess. Something about it makes me sharp. It must be the elf in me. It is funny to learn something so important about yourself several decades into living. That amount of time is little to you or Tressnou, though, I would suppose. In any case, I did not have some great peril at the time I met him. I had left my people. I was searching for something I was missing. I traveled through Deep Hollow and spent some time there with the dwarves. Later I ventured to Alastrial, and was granted entrance through the forest, though at the time I did not realize just what that meant. To be accepted means you are either known and welcome or truly good. They, at the time did not know me.
“I wondered down the path through the forest, mesmerized by what I saw. It was just inspiring, truly inspiring, to see what they had done. I felt like I was in a dream. It was simply beautiful. I eventually found my way into the city and was looked over by all the elves. I was a curiosity to them. Not a bad one, just an image that was out of place. So I allowed the looks as I simply admired everything. Then, out of the blue, Tressnou was just there. He too was interested in me. I was far from my element. A northern barbarian does not travel from his land. He spends his life there. We do not aid others in their wars. We do not have real allies other than our tribes. So to have me there in the first place was simply interesting.
“He invited me to his home, and we talked. I must assume you were away at the time, because I did not get the chance to meet you.”
Balic thought a moment, “At that time I was most likely west of here. I had been working hard for several years gathering intelligence on the conflict brewing in the Northern Woods. There is a human kingdom that is located on the peninsula near the deltas that flow into the bay. They have been concerned for some time. A war in the neighboring woods could cause them a problem. They were one of the few outsiders allowed passage through the woods. They traded with the elves, even. With things becoming worse, the elves shut down everything. They even threatened war against the peninsula kingdom. That would have been a few years ago.
“Tressnou hoped to get involved. His cousins mattered to him, as did peace. So all the time I spent in the region ended up being of little help. The conflict continued. Now with this escalation it is hard to tell what will come of things. Galmatros spreading more discord only makes matters worse. I tell you there is no better way to control the world, than to distract them while you walk right in. He is clever and vicious it seems this demon. Let us hope we are a bit cleverer than he.”
Artirius nodded solemnly in agreement with the dwarf, “Hmm. So I wonder, the second day I was in Alastrial, on my most recent trip that is, did I see the elf Tressnou was talking about leaving his home?”
“I do believe you did. He is a great pupil of Tressnou and very wise and gifted. He has been with Tressnou since he began wizard training about an hundred years ago. He is four hundred and thirty-five years old, young for his people really. We were shuffling him out the door as you were coming in.”
Artirius nodded, “Well hopefully the elf is well. What was his name again?”
“Aenor of Tressnou, as is custom he took on his teacher’s first name as his last.”
“One day if I am lucky, perhaps I will meet this ‘young’ elf. For now though our deeds at hand will determine the fate of many people, perhaps all of Norta Massa. Do you think we will succeed?”
Balic looked out over the mountains and cliffs to the forests below. He turned and looked up at Artirius, “If anyone can, it is you. You have the heart of a hero, even if you do not want it. I have lived a long life, and in all my years I have only ever met one other with a heart like yours, but he fell many years ago. I was unable to help him, but I will not fail you,” Balic paused a moment, “I think we better push on, we need to make the camp site by night fall.”
So in silence the two traveled on the rugged path. It began to widen as they went, though there were still many patches of snow to slow them. The pass continued to be peaceful and pleasant. They both agreed that if they ever had the chance to travel it again they would. The sun slowly set to the west behind them, setting long shadows on the path before them. Just as the sun was about to tuck itself away from sight, they arrived at the camp that Roland had told them about. 
It was an alcove that would shelter them from rain or snow. It had a place set up to light a fire and a supply of wood and tinder was nearby. It had been covered to keep it dry. There was even some flint available to start a fire. Along the back of the alcove there were food stores. It was mostly dried fruits, meats, and nuts. There was also plenty of drinking water. All the containers were well sealed, most likely to preserve their contents. There were even supplies for sleeping, some blankets and bedrolls. It would be a decent night.
After they set up camp and were settled in, they talked for some time. They shared stories of past adventures. Some of them were sad and others were glorious. It was nice and peaceful, a luxury that until now they had taken for granted. Here, the fears of Galmatros, his minions, and the evils that were spreading across the land were forgotten. Balic even brought out his stash of pipe weed, and they enjoyed its smell as it burned on the fire. It was an uncommon use for the medicinal plant, but when burned over an open fire it gave off a very pungent odor that smelled much like a forest in autumn.
“So what of love?” Balic inquired, “Were there any women in the past of the great Artirius?”
A smile crossed the great man’s face. He looked back in time. “When I was a younger man, there was a particular woman. She was radiant, confident, and she knew I loved her. She loved me too. But she was to be given to the son of a chieftain of another tribe. It was a tradition. How I hate the traditions of my people, sometimes. After that I spent little time with love,” he seemed to bitterly fling the word out, “on my travels there were some. They never meant much though,” Artirius looked deeply into the fire. 
“Well, nice to see such a jovial tone from you,” Balic tried to little avail to lighten the mood. “Listen, you are still young, especially for the blood that runs through you. You may live to be as old as I possibly, maybe even older,” Balic paused, “do you remember my tale of my meeting with Tressnou?”
Artirius looked at the now somber Balic and nodded.
“Well…” Balic paused for a moment more. He seemed to fight off some great pain. “My meeting with Tressnou was also my gravest separation. I didn’t wish to mention it to you, but I was not alone with my cart. I had a companion with me, my wife. She was the first victim to the beasts in the dark. I killed the creature too late, for the life had already been wrung out of her.”
Artirius looked at Balic more sympathetically, “I cannot relate to your pain. Does it get easier, the loss?”
“No,” a tear rolled down his face, “It just gets familiar. You get used to the hollow spot in your chest, where part of you used to be. You live each day no longer for yourself, but for them. You try to carry on their memory as best as you can.” He looked at the barbarian, “Be glad that the one you truly love still lives. Tradition or no, she still lives.”
The oddest thought occurred to Artirius. In all the time since he left his home, this dwarf was the first person he had truly felt for. Tressnou was the only possible exception, but the elf had a different meaning to him, not like this. Balic felt warm and familiar in his heart. He felt like family. Artirius put aside his own pains and looked with a smile towards Balic, “What was she like, your wife? I would like to know.”
The dwarf wiped away the tears that had stained his cheeks and returned the warm smile, “Well, I would love to tell you about her,” and for a large portion of the night he did just that.
After many hours of talk and laughter Balic sighed a long soft sigh. Like a burden was being breathed out from inside him right into the air. As the night deepened its hold on them Balic looked at his friend, “Thank you. It feels good to talk about her, to remember her.”
“Perhaps one day you will be able to return the favor.”
Balic nodded with a solemn look on his face, “For your sake, I pray I never have to help you live with her death.” He looked out into the night. At this height in the mountains the view went on for miles. Balic’s dwarven eyes could see nearly all of it, even in the pitch black night. “It is very late, we had best turn in. Just to be on the safe side, we might consider keeping watch until morning. Even up here we might see trouble.”
Artirius nodded, “Well, seeing as you have suggested it,” he turned to face Balic only to find him already asleep. He chuckled lightly to himself, “I guess you can sleep while I take the first watch,” and he turned to look into the fire.
The barbarian did not bother being too alert. For some reason he just knew that there was nothing to be afraid of here. He allowed himself to really ponder some things. He thought back to the day he left his village. He travelled the length of the continent to a remote corner. After living with those people he continued on to an even more remote region of tropic jungle islands. He wondered to himself, why? Why did I leave my people behind? Why did I run away from them? Why did he need to isolate himself so deeply and entirely? He thought more and more about it. He never really understood what drove him away. The depth of his heritage had not truly hit him yet. One of Balic’s comments had him thinking, ‘How long will I live.’ He was mostly human, yes, but the mingling of the other bloods, his titan and elven lineage, was something that he was trying to completely grasp. Combine this all with his heritage as a barbarian and it was nearly too much. He was literally a walking contradiction.
The barbarian tribes were close with nature and lived with it in harmony. They isolated themselves from the world and held strength in unity only of their tribes. They were strong, stout, capable, and content.
The titans were arrogant and serious. They believed themselves the equals of the gods. Nature was there to command and manipulate for their own wants and needs. They did not believe in family and unity but in themselves. They destroyed themselves in their ignorance, for they were not gods, and alone they were not as strong as they thought.
Because of their seemingly endless lives, elves were patient. Being so long lived they were whimsical, but also strived always to learn more. They were not content with simply what was before them. They commanded nature, but at the same time revered it. They were somewhat arrogant, but not to the point at which they would isolate themselves. They knew they were stronger and safer in numbers, which is one of the reasons they were still alive today. 
Then there was the human blood. Being relatively short lived humans were in a hurry to do as much as possible. They always had a sense of urgency to accomplish all their goals. Some few found contentment through prayer, study, or their work but most could not even find solace in these things. Because of this, most humans had a degree of insecurity and confusion in their lives, and because of these things they would always struggle to achieve balance.
All these thoughts and more crossed Artirius’s mind as he sat in the dark. He mulled over the entirety of his being again and again too little avail. He never was able to meet any common ground within himself. He had wondered nearly a decade and still nothing. Now that he was given this epiphany, the knowledge of his elven blood line, he was still not able to put everything together inside of himself. He was simply torn and confused. 
After pondering for many hours, he noticed the companion that had silently joined him. Across from Artirius and the sleeping Balic sat a great wolf. He stared intently at Artirius, whom locked eyes with the beast in return. They understood each other well. It was as if they were looking into a reflection of themselves.
The stare seemed to last forever. Finally the wolf, seeming to bow with respect, turned and walked out of the alcove. He gave Artirius a farewell glance as he leapt on top of the ledge that formed the roof of the alcove and was lost to the night. Artirius knew there would be no trouble for them tonight. The wolf had told him so. He smiled apprehensively, not sure if he was happy that he understood the silent stare of the beast, or if he should be concerned that he had an urge to follow the creature, to leave the troubles of the world behind again. Then he turned to the sleeping Balic, a dwarf that he was beginning to call, in his hear, brother.
No.  The one thing that he did know was that he was compelled to see the current path to its end. He would meet Atriel, and see what this call was entirely about. Artirius would play out his part in all of this. It was the first thing in his life that he was sure of. He not only owed it to himself, but to those like Balic, to the good inhabitants of Norta Massa.
This resolution pleased Artirius, who had an odd feeling on the inside, peace. He allowed himself a great yawn and decided it was time for his friend to take up watch.


Chapter 16


The rest of the night went by quickly. Balic woke Artirius around dawn. He questioned him about the large wolf prints that sat across the fire. After Artirius admitted that a great wolf had indeed sat across from them and that it may have snuck up on him, Balic was beside himself. The entire time they were cleaning up the camp and resealing the containers Balic prattled on about being eaten in his sleep, and questioned the worthiness of a barbarian sentry.
After everything was in order they continued their journey. The eastern portion of the path was actually a bit clearer and wider for the most part, though they were still only able to walk single file. They talked even more today than the day before, which passed the time quickly. Noon came and went and the afternoon faded away. It was nearing evening when they finally arrived at the end of the trail. Before them was a wooden door, surrounded completely by brush, vines and other various forms of growth. It completely covered the path and obstructed all view to the other side. The door itself was heavy oak, stained from many years of use. It was smooth, which was odd for something so weathered. It was well crafted by some form of druidic magic, or so it appeared. In either case the only other thing on the door was a large knocker. Seeing no other choice, Balic knocked on the door.
A scuffling could be heard inside. Abruptly a scraggly voice came, “Coming, coming, I am coming…” the voice trailed off into what seemed to be hushed complaints but it was hard to say. After a few seconds the door creaked open to reveal a gaunt old man. His straggly hair fell rather carelessly to his shoulders. His face was pocked and a bit wrinkled. The most notable feature about him was his nose. It seemed to be three times larger than it needed to be and drew much attention. His robes seemed tattered. It was as if he were a druid who no longer cared.
“Well don’t just stand there gawking, in with you, in,” he ushered them into the dwelling. It was made entirely of vegetation. The floors were soft with a leafy groundcover of some sort acting as a carpet. It was deep green in color, nearly black. The walls and roof were made of pale green tightly twisted vines. On some of the walls wooden limbs had been grown into the shape of shelves. One the side of the dwelling where the cliff edge would be was a bed and a chair. A small hole was cleared out between the two pieces of furniture. Set in it was a heavily paned glass window, the only non-vegetation in the dwelling, overlooking the vast mountains to the south. On the opposite side of the dwelling were a table with chairs and some cupboards. A small portion of the wall on that side was left as bare stone. A cooking area had been set up here away from the living things. The one interesting thing about the place though was its perfect temperature. There was not enough heat coming from the fire in the cooking area so it puzzled them.
Balic’s and Artirius’s amazement was cut off by the druid, “They do this all the time. No warning at all, they just send people through here and expect me to see them on their way. Ah, bah with them. Dewy is my name, keeping things short, I suspect you need passage to the other side.”
The two nodded in acknowledgement.
“Well, before you go I will feed you a bit. For appearance’s sake you will need to leave here before nightfall if you plan on entering the city. Odds are that anyone coming in from the north would be arriving near nightfall, as the closest place to the city is around a day long journey. Have a seat and I will grab you something to eat.”
Artirius and Balic sat at the table while their host hurriedly tossed bread and some stew-like food together for them. He plopped the plates in front of them, “Eat quickly now, not much time to waste.”
In between quick bites of food Balic and Artirius thanked Dewy greatly. Balic managed to ask why the place was so comfortable with no means of heating it.
“A fair enough question,” Dewy responded, “well it has to do with the construction. The plants themselves have been crafted in a way to keep this place perfectly insulated. At anytime of the year it is exactly this temperature. In the winter the structure naturally thickens a bit, while in the summer it loosens its grip and allows more moisture to flow through plants to help dissipate the heat from outdoors. Rather a finely crafted dwelling, if I do say so myself,” Dewy paused a moment, “Alright are you two done eating, good, over to this side please.”
They followed him to what seemed like a solid mass of vines and heavy brush. With a swirl of his hand, an arched pathway opened before them. About thirty feet ahead it ended in a heavy thorny mass, “You should see the other side, even more thorny,” he chuckled a bit as they got closer. He turned and looked at them both, “Now, once you are through I will not be able to open this passage again. The risk is too great as it is impossible to know if you have been followed or are being watched on your way back. The existence of this entrance must never become known. Do you understand?” Both Artirius and Balic nodded. “Good…one more thing. It was not always so, but a few years passed now, these woods began to lose creatures… unnaturally. They were not hunted, they simply stopped living here. Something unnerved them. Something scared them away. Things are not as they should be. It is as if the city, this Valtenberg, has scarred them away. Even the trees feel something unnatural. Be wary, for things are not as they seem. Spend only the night there, no more.”
Artirius nodded, “We will take your advice, thank you for it. How far will we be from the main gates?”
“Not terribly, you will head straight out from this tunnel and through some heavy brush. All in all, it is only about an hundred yards to the road. You will come to it on a bend around a quarter mile from the city, so as long as there is no one on the road you will not be noticed at all. The trail is heavily forested on each side and you will not notice the city until you go around the bend in the road,” Dewy paused one last time, “Again I caution you both, be careful.”
Balic looked at Dewy, “We will, we will, do not worry. We are ready, whenever you open the way.”
Dewy nodded, “Very well,” another swirl of his arm and the brush opened before them, “quickly now.” Artirius and Balic ran through the opening. After going only a few feet from the entrance, the brush cover had enveloped everything again. They were now on the other side.
A few minutes later they were on the road. No one could be seen to the north, which expanded downhill for many miles. They nodded and headed around the bend. Ahead of them they could see the gates of the city. They were heavy, made of wood. They could only see a small portion of the wall on either side the gate. A turret sat on each of the gate’s corners. The structure was made of a blackish stone. Over top of the great walled city many rooftops were seen. They mostly looked like chalets from this distance with shingled roofs and stucco exterior walls. The town was reminiscent of a gothic city.
As they approached the main gate, a smaller man sized door could be made out. It had been placed in the center of the right gate door. On either side were armed guards. As they got closer still the road turned from mostly hard dirt to a cobbled walkway.
It had been many years, but Artirius had been here once before. He had not paid much attention to the place then in his youth. It had been just a city to pass through when he left his people. For him, it was not much different than being here for the first time. The details were not familiar at all. There was only one thing he appreciated. This place was welcoming when he was younger. The gates had been open all day and night. There was joy and laughter and the guards did not wield pikes. The battlements had not been lined with archers either. This place was not the same. For a moment he considered turning around and seeking shelter elsewhere.
One of the guards turned and spoke to the other as they approached. The listening guard acknowledged with a nod and rapped on the door. It opened quickly and remained so. A few moments later the guard returned, the door remaining open. He greeted Artirius and Balic with a wave as they approached, “Hail, and welcome.”
Artirius and Balic returned the greeting.
The guard who remained outside questioned in a polite and cordial manner, “What brings you here this evening, barbarian and dwarf?”
Artirius and Balic were a little surprised at the pleasantness of the guard, but Artirius responded, “We seek shelter for the evening, and will be departing in the morning.”
The guard frowned slightly, “You must not have heard, the road to the south is blocked. I am afraid there is no real way through at the moment.”
Balic acted surprised, “What a disappointment. We will have to delay our affairs I am afraid. We had planned on looking at wares for a short time here in the morning and heading on, but it seems we will only be able to browse here.”
Artirius nodded following the lead, “Yes, quite a shame.”
The guard smiled again, “Odd to see a barbarian down this way, but there have been more of your kind traveling these days. Well, welcome and please enjoy our city.”
The other guard smiled, “If you are looking for lodging for the evening there are several fine choices along the main road,” with a wave of his arm the way was clear for them to enter the city of Valtenberg.


Chapter 17


The city seemed rather normal as they stepped through the doorway. Vendors’ carts lined some portions of the streets. Here and there various shops, taverns, inns, and other workmen were available. There was a smithy, a stable, and a mill not too far from the main gate. Things were not too busy, but Artirius and Balic accredited that to the time of day and the southern road being blocked. Lights were just coming on in many of the homes as families prepared for evening meals. It was a normal city.
But still something felt wrong. Artirius and Balic were on edge. They avoided eye contact with the locals. They passed a few of the flashier inns and settled on one called “The Lonely Buck.” The building was fashioned like all the others in the town, but was older and more worn. It was also less crowded and that meant less attention would be given to the travelers. They entered through the worn door into a dimly lit tavern area. Immediately to the left was an average looking bar and to the right were about a dozen tables, all of which were round and sat about six people. Along the back wall was a staircase leading to the second floor. There were three people sitting at the bar and only one table was occupied. For the most part the place was quiet aside from some murmurings amongst the few patrons. The barkeep paid them little notice at first, choosing instead to finish polishing a mug. After setting it down he picked up another and not even looking at the newly arrived patrons he asked, “What can I do for ya’?”
They were a bit put back by his attitude, but under the circumstances it was better they did not draw interest. Balic responded cordially, “Just looking for lodgings for the evening.”
The barkeep gave them a sideways glance and looked them over, “Ya’ got money?”
Balic responded, “Of course.”
He looked back down at the mug he was polishing, “Fee is one coin of gold a night, apiece. Take the stairs over there. The rooms are empty tonight so just grab the two at the end of the hall on the right. Payment is due in advance.”
Balic smiled, “Gladly, and I suppose I will grab myself a pint of something strong as well. Will you be joining me my friend?”
Artirius frowned at the dwarf, “No, not now. I will take the last room on the right. Please do not stumble into mine by mistake,” he leaned down close to Balic so other patrons could not hear, “It is not wise to be drinking.”
Balic quietly responded, “Just going to see if I can loosen the tongues of some of the others here. I will be fine. Don’t forget I do this for a living,” he winked. “Go to bed, if I discover anything of value I will wake you, otherwise lock your door and sleep lightly. I would have us in the same room, but no need to rouse more suspicion than is necessary.”
Artirius marveled a bit at how well Balic had thought things over. He nodded, “Well, I will see you in the morning then,” and he strode off to his room. The stairs and hall were rather squeaky but still very solid and sturdy. His room was simple and clean. A wash basin was set up near a fireplace. There was a pot to heat water in and a small table and chair near a window. The bed was old but comfortable. Artirius secured his room and set his belongings next to his bed. He did not feel comfortable about this place, and again regretted coming in the gates. “Too late now,” he said to himself as he lied on his bed and struggled to let sleep take hold.
What little sleep that did come was restless at best. Artirius dreamt, but not very clearly. Things were blurry and distorted. The vision from Atriel did not come either. Things seemed chaotic and painful. At last he was awoken in the early hours just before dawn, by what sounded to be a scream. He listened. No noise could be heard in the hall or anywhere about him. He stealthily moved toward his door and listened again. Slowly he opened the door to his room, and peeked out. The hall was as it should be, nothing was out of sorts. He slid along the wall, and made his way to Balic’s door. He grasped the handle. It was locked. No one had been in the room. A soft snore could be heard from within. His friend was fine. No need to alarm anyone else that may have decided to lodge for the evening.
He made his way back to his own room and locked the door. Dawn was still a few hours away, and as hard as it was he managed to force himself back to sleep. When the light of day had begun trickling in, Artirius woke to a stiff body. He felt worse after the night’s sleep than after a day long battle. He washed himself with cool water from the basin. His stomach told him it was time to eat so he got his things together and left his room. As he passed Balic’s room, he noticed the door was open. He looked in and noticed that his friend’s things were gone. The bed had yet to be made up, but most likely someone took care of that later in the day. It was just after dawn after all. Artirius proceeded down the stairs to meet Balic.
He did not find his friend. The barkeep was taking care of a few things behind the bar and nodded to Artirius as he surveyed the empty tavern. “Has my friend been down already?” Artirius asked.
Rather unconcerned and not taking his attention from his tasks at hand the barkeep answered, “The dwarf right? Yep he left, been ‘bout an hour now since he did.”
Artirius thanked him and walked out into the streets, troubled. He made his way toward the gate hurriedly. He noticed the gate was still closed, as was the door. There were also more guards than he remembered. One raised a hand to halt him and cordially greeted him, “Hail traveler. Is there anything I can help you with today?”
“I was just looking for my friend,” Artirius eyed the battlement without giving notice to the guard. The archers were not looking outward. They were looking at Artirius.
“Well I am afraid he would not have come through this way, you see we have been forced to lock down the city. There seems to be some troublesome affairs going on locally, and for everyone’s safety, including you our guest, we have seen fit to take some protective measures,” the guard blinked and continued to smile.
Artirius had been right, they should have never come to this place. He took the opportunity to act the part of a concerned companion, “Well have you seen him? He checked out an hour before me, and well, I am concerned.” He gauged the defenses, again without drawing attention. It would be unwise for him to be rash. He was still unsure where Balic was and though he could use his great hammer to sunder the gate and flee, he would not leave Balic.
“I am afraid we have not seen him here. Perhaps he is looking about town, there are many merchants. For the foreseeable future, though, you and your friend will be our guests. Perhaps you should make arrangements for lodging and browse the town until you find your friend.”
Artirius looked at the obviously coached guard and smiled, “Well, for my safety then, thank you very much. If you see my friend can you direct him to The Lonely Buck, it is where we lodged last night.”
“No problem, enjoy your stay. You will be safe here.”
Artirius turned away. They already knew where he had stayed, he was sure of it. He took slower strides on the return trip to the tavern. He informed the barkeep he would be staying another night, and, as was the norm, his comment was received with little interest.
He paid for his room in advance and continued playing his role as the concerned companion. It was obvious they knew what had happened to his friend. It was even more obvious they were holding it over his head to keep him here. What was not so obvious was why? He walked about the town and talked to many vendors about his missing friend. He received the expected response, “I haven’t seen him.”
His wanderings around town did give him time for two things. The first was to think. He pondered over as many reasons as to his captivity as he could, but none of them made much sense. The second thing was to learn his surroundings. He was not only thorough in speaking to every vendor he could find to play his part, but also to learn the streets and every nook and cranny he could. In the event he needed to run, a dead end would not be to his benefit. He kept to the ruse all morning and into the afternoon.
At one point as he questioned the smith near the gate, a man was permitted to exit the city. Artirius approached the guard he spoke to earlier, “Has the lockdown been lifted?”
The guard smiled with a confused look on his face, “No, I am afraid not.”
“Then what of that man, the one who just passed through.”
The guard blinked and looked at the ground for the briefest moment and returned his glance to Artirius, “Why, he happens to be on an errand for the city is all.”
Artirius persisted, “Without at least an escort?”
The guard seemed confused, “I am sorry.  I don’t believe I follow your meaning.”
“Well, with things so bad I would assume you would at least send out an escort, or perhaps given him a weapon.”
The guard looked aside, clearly dejected, “He knows the dangers, and is simply performing his duties. Not something we could ever ask of a guest.”
“Well it is so kind of you to worry so much about my safety.”
Artirius’s smugness finally broke the guards cool, though just slightly, “Well it is my duty after all.”
“As is any citizen’s.”
There was an awkward silence between the two just as Artirius wanted. The barbarian turned as if to be on his way than suddenly snapped around startling the guard slightly, “You have not seen him by the way, have you?”
The guard relaxed his body and slowly moved his hand from the pommel of his sheathed sword, hoping Artirius had not noticed, “Your friend, o no I have not. Perhaps you should continue your search amongst the vendors, or head back to the inn.”
Artirius smiled, he had noticed the hand, “Perhaps I will. Thank you again.”
“My pleasure. Now please forgive me, I have duties to attend to. I am sure you and your friend will be reunited soon.” As if an afterthought the guard added, “If you do not find your friend by tomorrow morning, come back and I will arrange a search on your behalf,” the guard bowed and turned back toward the gate.
Artirius smiled to himself as he walked away to continue talking to the vendors. He liked keeping his opponents on edge. It was very convenient, especially when they gave away information like the guard had just done. Who ever took Balic was coming for him tonight. A dwarf in a city of humans would not be missed. They would not have even needed a search. The truth was that the guard was not saying he would help Artirius find his friend, but that by the morning he would already be with him. The guard was doing the best to play his role as valiant city guard, reassuring the victim that he was there to help. He just was not as good an actor as Artirius. ‘After all, I had the elves as teachers,’ he smiled to himself.
As Artirius talked to the rest of the vendors throughout the day, the guards did little to conceal themselves as they followed him. He did nothing to reveal he was aware of them. He simply went about his business as he should. When it came time for his evening meal, he found a small place with a few tables. He had a simple enough meal, some bread and a well spiced stew. It was actually very good. His escorts had seated themselves behind him. He pretended they were still not there. Artirius wondered how his friend could simply disappear. There were many buildings and though he had spent an entire day searching he had covered less than half of the city. It may have been a large city, but some clue must exist. Balic would have at least fought his attackers. He remembered the room and noticed no sign of struggle. Then it hit him. What if Balic had not even spent the night in that room? It was time to return to the tavern.
Night was winding down as he returned to the tavern. His friends did not follow him in this time. They must have assumed he was staying there for the night. The place was deserted aside from the same three guests at the bar. The barkeep kept up his vigil, wiping glasses and ignoring his new patron. Artirius took a seat around the middle of the bar.
After waiting a few moments for a response and getting none, Artirius requested with a little bit of annoyance in his tone, a drink. The barkeep did as requested and retrieved payment from Artirius. The barbarian was deciding how best to bring up Balic and the events of the night before to the barkeep, but something caught his eye. On the barkeep’s belt was something that did not belong there. It was one of Balic’s short swords. Artirius kept his cool and sipped his drink.
When he was sure he could maintain his calm he struck up a conversation with his host behind the bar, “Didn’t have any luck finding my friend today.”
The barkeep looked up and nodded then returned to wiping the glass.
Artirius continued, “And this lockdown is rather unsettling. Do you have any idea what might be going on that would make them enact such a safety procedure?”
The bartender shook his head, “Not sure, though I doubt it will affect you for long.”
Artirius was slowly losing his patience. This man was mocking him. He eyed the weapon on the man’s belt, “That is a fine sword. I did not notice it yesterday.”
The barkeep’s eyes snapped to attention on Artirius, “Yes it is quite a blade,” this time he did not ignore the barbarian.
“It reminds me of, one I had seen recently, though I cannot place it,” Artirius pretended to search his memory, “where did you say you acquired it?”
“I didn’t.”
“Oh, sorry there,” Artirius noticed that the other patrons at the bar were now quiet. They were also staring at him. The barkeep had friends here. Four men were not much of a challenge if this got down to a fight, “Now I do remember,” Artirius smiled, “That belongs to my friend.”
The barkeep’s lip quivered angrily, “You filthy human. I don’t care what my lord told me. I am going to kill you right here and now,” the barkeep bared his teeth with a hiss revealing his fangs.
Artirius had not been ready for this, “Vampires,” he jumped backwards off his chair as the barkeep leapt into him. The force propelled the barbarian across half the length of the tavern and left his belongings at the bar. He let his body roll with the force of the blow and sprung to his feet, landing deftly like a cat. He was just in time to duck as one the others came in with a powerful swing. 
Artirius was not going to be able to hold back his blows. He had never fought a vampire before but knew enough. He turned and raised a powerful fist into the side of the vampire that had just passed him. The blow crushed the insides of the vampire and sent him to the ceiling. As that one was falling Artirius had to duck two more of the attackers.
They were fast and it was a challenge for him to keep up, though he was managing. He maneuvered himself toward a corner fending off three assailants with his powerful limbs and the various pieces of furniture in the tavern. The vampire he had first struck was getting up. He showed no signs of pain, but was moving awkwardly as most of the bones on his one side were broken.
Artirius realized that he could not prolong this fight. The undead creatures would outlast him, and if the fight went on long enough they would surely have friends arriving soon. He backed into a corner and, using the wall for leverage, thrust himself like a ram at the nearest attacker. The force put the vampire to the ground. Artirius did not move to finish the grounded opponent, but instead instinctively rolled to his side as another brought a heavy table down on his fallen companion. Artirius took the opportunity and with a swift hard kick snapped the knee of the same vampire, bringing it also to the floor.
As he stood, he turned to meet the barkeep’s fist. The blow sent him sprawling backwards. Artirius was quickly back on his feet and assessing the situation. Three of the vampires were on their feet, and one hobbled on only one leg. The vampire whose side was collapsed in was slowly regaining mobility. 
Artirius ran ideas through his head. There were a few ways to surely kill one of their kind. He looked about and saw the various chair limbs strewn about. They would make due as stakes for the creatures’ hearts. Getting to the stakes would mean having to absorb more blows though, and the throb of the latest punch did not bode well. It also looked as though, to his dismay, he would need to dip into his rage.
 As he began to make his move an unbelievable pain came to the back of his head as he was the recipient of a crushing blow that put him to the ground. He had not noticed how near the stairs he had been, or the fifth vampire who had come down them. He found himself struggling to maintain consciousness. He pushed himself up with a great effort only to be throttled again.
Finding himself unable to move and slipping further away, he was not sure if the screams of pain he heard were just those in his head, or of those around him. If felt as if first cool water, than ash fell on him, though he could not be sure. As he finally succumbed to the crushing blow, it felt as if he were being carried away


Chapter 18


It was an odd sensation for Artirius. It was not often he was bested and even more seldom was he delivered a blow that brought him to a prone state. He waned in and out of consciousness for what seemed hours though there was no way for him to know how much time had really passed. Waves of pain came and went in his head and he felt nauseous along with it. Finally his eyes flickered with life. He came awake with a groan of pain and discomfort.
He surveyed his surroundings. He was most definitely not in the tavern. The room was small and dimly lit. The walls were heavy stone as was the floor. Looking up, heavy wooden beams made up the ceiling. Artirius attempted to stand, but he met resistance. It appeared his arms had been tied to his chair. The rope that was used to tie him down was heavy, but with some effort he could free himself. As he tightened his massive muscles in preparation to make an escape attempt, a cool calm and relaxing male voice came from behind him.
“Nice to see that you are awake, Artirius.”
The barbarian blinked, “How do you know my name?”
The voice responded, “It might be a better question to ask you how you came to think that the great northern barbarian Artirius, traveling so close to home might not be noticed. You may have forgotten that in your youth, you had already built a reputation. Then you capped that off with the most bizarre move any of you people has ever made, you left. Finally…” the voice paused a moment, “you come at a time when things are moving in Norta Massa, and names are being whispered in certain places. What made you think you would not be expected?”
Artirius shook the comments off, “Where am I? What of my friend?”
The voice circled around to his side, though the man behind it was still obscured by shadows, “The dwarf is alive for now. And you, do you feel able?”
Confusion crossed Artirius’s mind. It did not make much sense for a kidnapper to wonder about his captive’s health. “I am well enough.”
“Your head is feeling all right then?”
“Yes, there is some pain but nothing that I cannot bear, nothing that would encumber me.”
The figure stepped close enough to see now. His face was pale and handsome. His features were chiseled perfectly. His eyes were a deep amber color which matched his well groomed beard and hair that was pulled back in a pony tail tied off with a bow. The clothing he wore was neat and looked rather dignified. There was a brown vest over his white shirt with brown pressed pants. His shoes were also brown, and well shined. As he leaned forward and smiled at Artirius his fangs revealed themselves, another vampire. The vampire’s voice remained the same cool tone as it did before, “That is good. My name is Alexi. I am a friend to you.”
Taken a bit by surprise all Artirius could ask was, “Why should I believe that?”
“Really you have little reason to believe me, but how about this for starters, you are still alive.” Artirius remained silent taking in the words Alexi had given him. The vampire continued on smiling wider now than before, “You need to consider this, you have no idea where your friend is and if you want the dwarf to live, then you will need my help. What is more, you have no idea the plight you are in. There are so many details you have not yet heard, and all the pieces are yet to be in place.”
Artirius was baffled by this turn of events. He was worried for Balic, and realized he really had no idea where to even begin searching. Also, if Alexi had information to offer it may be worthwhile. One thing still bothered him, why was the vampire helping him? “I suppose I can do nothing more than trust you, but I need to ask you something. Who are you exactly?”
Alexi smiled, “Direct and to the point. I appreciate that you do not like wasting time. Very well then, let us talk. I am sure though that you are not very comfortable in that chair there, so feel free to break your bonds at you leisure, and follow me to the dining hall,” he bowed, turned and opened the door. He exited through it.
Artirius was more and more curious. Why would his captor knowingly bind him insecurely? He flexed his great bulk and with a loud snap his bonds were no more. He stood and a wave of queasiness hit him. His head was still recovering from the blows he had taken and it briefly swirled the room. He shook off this feeling quickly. There was no time for him to be delayed by trite things. His barbarian stubbornness allowed him to subdue the discomfort. Though the underlining problem still existed, the outward effects were not felt. 
He walked through the doorway and into a torch lit hallway, perhaps an hundred feet long. The same stone comprised this structure as had made up his room. Doors lined either side of the entire length of the hall, perhaps ten to each side. At the end there was a stone staircase that led to an upper level. Artirius’s footsteps echoed as he walked the length of the hall and up the stairs, which he found turned to the left and up another flight. In front of him was a steel gate from floor to ceiling. The door was left open. On the other side was a small space, perhaps twenty feet square. Off to his right side was a door as well as one straight ahead. The one in front of him was open, so he followed the path that was left before him.
Artirius found himself in warmer halls now. To his right was a short hall that ended with several doors on either side. The hall to his left lead to a corner, which turned to the right. He again followed the path left open to him. As he rounded the corner the corridor was wider. This corridor was perhaps as long as the first he had found himself in. Centered on the middle of the right wall was a set of large double doors. These were closed. To the left another set of the same doors. Straight ahead was a smaller set of double doors. This set lay open before him. Being a good guest he continued to followed the path set before him.
Crossing the threshold he found himself in a grand dining hall. Centered in the room was a table set over an ornate rug. The table itself was fashioned elegantly. The legs were all carved by hand with intricate vines which had been inlayed with gold filigree. The top was surely equally beautiful, but the food that covered it did not leave a clear view. There were so many things. There were meats of all sorts with a variety of vegetables. There were also puddings and creams set over ice to keep them chilled. There was bread and cheese and it looked as if there were also several types of beers, wines and other beverages to satisfy one’s thirst. Though he was hungry, Artirius forced his gaze away from the table to view his surroundings. 
The ceilings were vaulted, lined with great beams of wood which acted not only as support, but decoration. The walls were covered with tapestries made from the finest materials and embroidered with the finest threads. The details were amazingly intricate. The face of one man looked nearly real enough that if one had not noticed he was on a tapestry, they may have been inclined to start a conversation with him. On the wall to his right, a door was set in the corner. It was closed. At the left end of the hall a marble fireplace with an elaborately chiseled mantle was ablaze.  Above the fireplace was mounted a great bear head, frozen in a ferocious roar. A small sofa sat in front the fireplace, with an arm chair to either side. It formed a nice informal entertainment space.
Alexi was sitting in one of the chairs. He smiled and nodded as Artirius entered the room. He turned to him and motioned to the table, “Though my palette is not as it once was I keep a fine stock of food for my living guests, please enjoy a meal before we speak. Keep your wits though, avoid too much heavy drink because we may not have time for you to recover from its effects.”
Artirius nodded and moved to the food. The thought occurred to him that the food could be drugged in some way, but he was confident it was not. After he ate his fill, for there was more than enough for an hundred of him, he sighed with some relief. It was good to be content. He moved to join Alexi by the fire and took the chair opposite him.
“You are full I presume?” Alexi asked his guest.
“Yes, very. Thank you.”
“O you are welcome. Now I do believe we need to share some words. There is not a great amount of time, but enough to explain a few things.” 
Artirius nodded, “First though, I would like to know more about you. Why did you detain me the way you did? If you knew I could escape my bonds why were they not tighter? More so if you say you are a friend, why did you tie me at all?”
Alexi smiled, “Well the answer is rather simple. I was unsure as to how long you would be unconscious. If I had any guests it needed to appear as though you were my captive. Your enemies, who believe me to be their ally, would need to be assured that you were detained. Without close examination they would have been satisfied. Now, that seems to answer the last question and the first I suppose. As for the second, in the event you needed to free yourself I wanted you to be able. As I said, I am your friend.”
Artirius looked sternly at the vampire. He was still very uneasy. Too many things made too little sense at the moment, he was not sure if it was the blows to the back of his head or being over full, but he felt as if his thoughts were lethargic, “Fine, fine. So you are a vampire who…by the way, how did you get me away from the others? All I remember is some warm ash, and some screams.”
Alexi’s demeanor changed slightly. He did not smile now and was a bit sterner, or was it sorrow, Artirius could not tell. The vampire looked at his guest, “I killed them,” the comment must have brought some shock to Artirius’s face because Alexi sighed and continued, “Perhaps I should simply start from the beginning. It would make things a bit clearer for you and hopefully alleviate the rest of your worries. I will keep my story brief though, as too many details will only hamper our time. The question is where to begin. I suppose it should be with my turning some three centuries ago. Then I was known as Johan.
“I was a cleric, a rather good one. I had a special task then. My role was to cleanse whatever evil my elders discovered. I was the best at what I did. Lesser things, such as possessions, were handled by the average clerics. I was given tasks that involved greater evils, vampires amongst them. For over two decades I was all over the north and parts even of the south. What is more, though, is that I was truly devoted. I loved my god with all my being, and what I was able to do in return gave me great joy. To be able to help in his work, it was just amazing to be granted my skill…” Alexi paused a moment
He continued with some pain, “The greatest downfall of all men is their arrogance. The most gifted are generally lucky. Their talent is enough to get them through their mistakes which are generally seldom but of greater magnitude than those of lesser beings. I did not realize until the day I was turned how arrogant I was. It is my own folly that puts me in this place now.
“I was tasked with a hunting a very old vampire, his name was Karloff. At the time he was twelve hundred years old. There was information that put him in a town which I hoped would be the ideal ambush point. I brought five others with me, good clerics. The problem was the information was planned for my ears. The informant, if I had even wasted a second to read the truth behind his words, was a mule for the vampire.” Alexi paused a moment and noted Artirius’s confusion, “Pardon me, a mule in vampire terminology, is an intelligent creature, a human, orc, dwarf, even in some cases a troll that they control through fear. In some cases they do not even need that. There are some that willingly give themselves to service either through the hope of one day being turned or just out of blind devotion.
“Now back to my story. I can spare the elaborate details but the 5 clerics died. I was able to corner Karloff . I would have been able to kill him then. My strength in faith was great enough, my power as a cleric surpassed him, but my arrogance turned me. I had left one of his children, his minion, still alive. As I began to strike, this mutt of a vampire, not even a year old, bit my neck from behind. My spell fell on him and obliterated his existence. I was too weak to do more. Once the disease enters you, you are all but helpless. Only a powerful healer or the rarest of plants can cleanse you. I, of course, had not brought the plant, again arrogance and foolishness. The inconvenience of acquiring the plant looks so small now.
“At any rate, Karloff was amused. He let me live. Knowing that forever I would be weaker than he, for I was younger. He had said, ‘I will love knowing that every day for the rest of your existence you will be faced with being what you hate. You are now the very thing you hunted so fervently. And you will never have the strength to kill me. Enjoy this gift.’ And he walked away with that delightful laugh he so smugly grants those he sees as lesser than he, which is nearly everyone.” Alexi was quiet a moment. After the pause he continued, “So here I am now. I dropped Bulzad as my name and adopted Alexi, something less holy. I have been this abomination ever since.”
Artirius was now only more interested. He understood some pieces of the puzzle but needed a few more to figure this vampire out. He did not know much of vampire lore but of the few things he did know, one was that they were evil. He decided to probe a little further, “I must ask you a little more. From what little I know of your kind, I had come to believe all vampires to be evil. You though, you seem to be...”
Alexi finished the sentence, “A contradiction, yes I know,” Alexi thought a moment then nodded to himself, “You say you know very little about vampires then,” Artirius acknowledged as much, “It makes sense. Vampires went into deep hiding around the time I was turned. There was actually very little contact with your people, barbarians that is, and vampires in those times to begin with. After around three centuries the vampires have slowly swelled their ranks, waiting for the right time to reveal themselves. The hunt for their kind,” Alexi winked a brief smile more to himself then to Artirius, “my kind, that is, waned so greatly most priests do not even know how to deal with us properly anymore.”
Alexi paused a moment in thought, finally looking into Artirius’s eyes, “Then I think I have a solution. With the killing of the five at the tavern, it would be prudent for me to make an appearance. They will be looking for you and if I am there and claim ignorance of the whole affair, they needn’t look here for answers. It will also give me time to confirm a few more details before I tell you what I know of the situation at hand. I may be gone a few hours so…” he paused a moment and looked at Artirius, “do you know how to read?”
Artirius smiled, “Actually yes. Tres,” he began to speak the elven wizard’s name then thought it best not to reveal too much to the stranger, “A friend taught me. I know the script of humans, dwarves, and elves, though I cannot speak very fluently in the latter two. I never spent much time speaking them.”
Alexi smiled, “So I am blessed with meeting a contradiction like myself, a barbarian scholar,” the comment forced a chuckle out of them both, “Well that is good.” Alexi stood and went to the fireplace. Placing his hand on a particular stone and sliding out another revealed a small hollow. Inside was an object wrapped in a heavy red cloth. Alexi retrieved the object and closed the opening. Returning with the wrapped object he handed it to Artirius. “Please, unwrap it.”
Artirius looked at him inquisitively and then at the red cloth in his hands. The object, whatever it was, felt rather heavy for its size. Timidly, Artirius pulled away the cloth revealing a heavy grey box.
Alexi nodded his head in the direction of the box, “Please keep the box closed until I leave. You see, the material that composes that box is a combination of very heavy dense metals. I am sure you are at least aware of the fact that all things holy harm my kind. Inside you will find several parchments used to teach young clerics about various things, one amongst them vampires. It is only the most basic details, but they will suffice. When you are done with them, please reseal the box and wrap it again so I may return it to its place. In this manner I can attend to my affairs and you can be educated.”
Artirius inquired, “Will I be disturbed here?”
“You will not. Anyone who would have need for my audience will be dealt with away from here. You will be secure here. Do I have your trust?”
Artirius realized it did not really matter in the bigger scheme of things if he trusted his host. He was really completely at his mercy. Alexi could surely see him into the arms of his attackers, and everything he had done seemed to be in Artirius’s favor. At this point, unless Alexi was simply playing a disgusting game with him he really had no reason not to trust him, “Yes, you have it.”
“Very good,” Alexi bowed, “Now I will be off,” and he turned and strolled to the door. As he exited he sealed the room and no more could be heard of him.
Artirius sat in his chair a moment. Now that he was alone, he was realizing an odd sensation. He missed Balic. “I will find you,” he said to himself, then opened the box. Inside was a stack of thick parchment. It was very weathered, as if it were made when Alexi, or at the time Bulzad, had been in training. Artirius began to peruse the intricate crimson script:

An Introduction to Things Undead:
Overview for Holy Novices
Written by: Athgar, Paladin First of Maldor
…
Artirius skipped over some formal introductions and other lead-ins. After flipping over several pages he found a sub section that would be helpful.
Introduction to Vampires

Compiled below are some basic facts that explain vampires from their disease and creation to their effects and how to deal with them. It is important to note that this is but a brief overview of vampires. There are many more advanced tomes available on this subject. 
To begin, it is important to understand how vampires are created. The origin of the first vampire is little more than legend and folk tales which we will not dabble in here. For our purpose we will therefore focus on the only method of contraction that exists today, the bite. 
Once a vampire bites a victim they will contract the disease (with very few exceptions), and unless the victim is either cured or killed during the infection phase, they will turn. The reason the bite causes a person to become a vampire is because of the vampire’s saliva, which carries a disease that, inevitably turns the victim into a vampire. As the saliva enters the victim immediate symptoms will occur. Most will find themselves weakened to a state of near paralysis. Shortly following the initial infection the victim will feel feverish, but to the touch of another they will feel cold. Within a day the victim will no longer be able to hold food. Anything that is consumed is immediately regurgitated. By the second day the victim will begin to feel great amounts of pain and will begin to bleed from all of their orifices. Though it varies some from individual to individual, most of the victims finally succumb to the disease by the end of the third day after contraction. When the last of their blood leaves their body, they turn. 
At the point of turning a few things occur to the newly created vampire. These changes coincide as the last blood leaves the victim. The vampire’s body stiffens, their canines lengthen, and all of their teeth harden. If their ears do not have slight points at the tops they grow. Their complexion becomes smooth and nearly white; flaws that once may have existed are no longer visible. Their eyes turn to a dark red, nearing on black. Lastly, the fingernails (and toenails if the victim has them) harden and turn black. These changes are not gradual, but rather instantaneous. For a short time after this transformation, the vampire is actually completely dead. This is one of the few prone moments in a vampire’s existence. After this brief ‘slumber’ the newly formed vampire rises and hunts for their first prey.
Aside from the outward physical changes a few other things of interest occur. First, the vampire is now immensely stronger and faster than he or she was previously. At the initial turning they are roughly three times stronger and roughly two times faster than they were in their living form, though it seems larger, more naturally powerful races do not receive as great a benefit as smaller. For example, an ogre when turned is only marginally stronger, where as a gnome gains the strength to lift a horse over their heads. One way or another, these traits only improve as the vampire ages, some have been known to crush anvils and run faster than an archer’s arrow.
They also gain the ability to influence the minds of other sentient races. Those of great wills will notice the influence and may resist it, but others will fall prey and become like slaves that are only able to do as they are commanded. Keeping holygold around can protect one from this altogether, but, as it is so rare, this is a difficult precaution. A well placed seal protecting a person from the undead placed on them by a priest is the most advisable choice, but it will need fortified from time to time. 
Luckily there is one safe haven for all. Vampires cannot enter any ground considered holy and cannot enter any residence, unless one who lives there invites them in. A home is a sanctuary for the one who lives there, and regardless of whom they worship their home is ‘holy’ to them and, as such, repels a vampire. It is also possible to un-invite a vampire once one realizes what they are, but it can only be done after the vampire leaves the home. 
The last trait of note regarding vampires is their effect on nature. Animals will shy away and many lesser plants simply die off. Their undead nature causes great unrest in the natural world and, as such, things from nature will not associate with a vampire. You will not see them with pets and no beast will carry them. Some have hidden away in heavy coffins and were hauled on carts by beasts of burden for various reasons, though because they travel so quickly and never tire they generally run. The largest benefit is that they can travel during the day if needed.
During the infection stage there is a rare plant known as the ‘holygold flower’ which grows in small amounts only at the summit of the highest mountains. The other method of cure is divine healing. Novices should not attempt to use their powers to cure the disease however, as an inexperienced healer can inadvertently hasten the turning process. An experienced individual can safely draw the taint out of the victim’s body and utterly destroy the disease. Again, it is stressed that inexperienced healers not attempt to cleanse a victim of a vampire’s bite.
Outside of the infection stage, there is no cure or remedy for a vampire. Only a deity can return a turned vampire to their original state.
With the creation and limited range of cures for a vampire discussed above, it is now time to discuss the important topic of disposing of a vampire. Firstly, they are unable to handle anything holy. Spells that would aid the living will cause them great pain and suffering. Holy water and other holy instruments will burn them to ashes if they come in contact and if damaged enough through holy means the vampire will cease to be. Secondly, magically enchanted weapons are able to harm them, though not in nearly as great a manner as holy implements. Lastly, implements of silver act to them like magically enchanted weapons.
Unless one is wielding a holy weapon, then other attacks will only be able to incapacitate a vampire. In this prone state the simplest way to dispose of the vampire is to burn them with fire. A wooden stake in the heart is also viable. Why the heart is still a working organ has not been determined but, it continues pumping dead blood through the vampire’s body. Disrupting this flow may be what kills the creature, but regardless, a stake in the heart will dispose of the vampire. 
If moving water is available, a vampire can be submerged in it. The water will not allow the vampire to recover from their prone state or it will put them into a prone state if they are not already in one and will slowly erode their body unless they are otherwise removed. As they are undead, water treats them as it does all dead things and works to break them apart. This is the same reason for their great weakness to the sun. They can stand only briefly in the light of day until they become paralyzed in place. Left long enough they will become engulfed in flames, fueled by their own undead flesh. 
These are the only known ways to destroy a vampire. If the vampire is not destroyed while prone, they will recover on their own. The speed with which they recover varies on the injury and age of the vampire, the older of course recovering faster.
Artirius stopped reading at this point. The text that was left was meant for the clerics of the time. It involved various chants and wards which could protect them and others from evil. All in all it was useless to Artirius, who knew nothing of the holy arts. He pondered the section he had read though. It appeared that the creatures he was dealing with would be very burdensome to deal with. It also made him cautious of Alexi, for he had no way to tell just how powerful he was, and could not tell if the vampire was truly trying to help. He returned the papers to their box, and closed the lid. Lastly he wrapped everything neatly up.
What seemed like only a few moments passed before Artirius heard noises at the door. He stood and faced it as it opened. He was relieved that only Alexi stood before him.
“Were you worried my barbarian friend?”
Artirius smiled as he responded “No.”
“Well that is as it should be,” Alexi closed the door and moved to join Artirius by the fire, “I hope that what you read was as fruitful as my little trip.”
Artirius nodded, “Yes actually, though some holes are left in my understanding. The author did not lie when he wrote it was only a ‘brief overview’.”
“Athagar’s delivery can be rather dry and boring but he is rather informative. Well I have not been able to read those texts for some time,” Alexi paused as Artirius offered another confused look, “Pardon, the texts are holy. I cannot touch them or read them without great pain, and if I did either for very long it could end me,” satisfied Artirius understood Alexi continued, “Now as I recollect, the writing details protection from, curing, and disposing of a vampire, correct?”
Artirius nodded adding, “It also mentions the effects of the transformation as well as the signs a vampire leaves.”
Alexi nodded, “Good. To be honest, for the time that is mostly what you need to understand. The only other thing is the minion and master relationship.”
Artirius nodded.
 “For simplicity’s sake, a master is the creator of a minion. The vampire that turns you is your master and you are his or her minion. If a minion turns a being, the minion becomes a master of what he or she has turned, but the master of the one who did the turning is also the newly turned vampire’s master. The system works very much like the military so to speak with rank and file. 
“Masters and their minions are linked. They feel each other so to speak. They cannot communicate, but know exactly where the other is. If a master dies, then those directly below the master become masters themselves. The feeling when one’s master dies is, from what I have heard, painful. Vampires have told me that it is the only pain they have ever really felt.”
Artirius interrupted, “So what of your master, the one who turned you?”
Alexi nodded, “Again my oddity is revealed. If the vampire who gives someone the disease dies before the victim turns, the newly formed vampire actually has no master, even if the vampire that turned them had a master. This is because the link between master and minion does not actually form until the victim turns. Vampires without a master are often times very dangerous. Most are found and killed, but here and there you see some exceptions, like me.”
Alexi paused to see if Artirius had any more questions, seeing as he did not Alexi continued, “Now to better explain my existence. It is widely believed that all vampires are simply evil. It is not the case. We all know of the bite given to one’s neck, but few understand the workings after that. Vampire is actually a disease, as you read in those papers. You see the existing vampire bites and draws blood to feed. When they do so they also leave some of their saliva, which carries this plague. The average being, which for some reason must be humanoid, lasts only three days before the disease turns them. It of course varies from individual to individual. I myself managed to fight it for three weeks. If the proper cleansings are done as I mentioned before, one can cure the disease. 
“If not than the victim is turned. It happens instantly when the time comes. Once you are unable to fight any longer, your bodily solidifies and you sprout fangs. Then the second most frightening part happens… you die. It is an awkward feeling at best. Your heart stops and you feel nothing else on the inside. You oddly retain feelings in the most sensitive parts of your body, perhaps a cruel joke played by the evil gods who created our kind.
Artirius interrupted, “What is the most frightening part, if not death?”
Alexi grimaced and sneered slightly, “You lose the warmth of your god. Because I am dead but pulled beyond the reach of holy light, I do not feel my god inside me.”
Artirius bowed his head in thought. Then looked up, “So you have yet to explain to me why you are not evil.”
Alexi sighed and continued, “When you are turned the now dead body becomes you. Remember that a soul is something that cannot be destroyed by death. Some rumor that when one is turned the soul is destroyed. That is not entirely correct. The soul remains the same. It is the individual who chooses at that point. Most good souls just walk out into the sun, and destroy themselves utterly. Some try to live and continue to be good but slowly over decades fall away. They watch as their mortal loved ones die, and they become an empty shell. Most other good vampires are hunted down and destroyed by the rest of their kind. The nature of this curse breaks nearly all. So to be honest, you will have heard of no good vampires, because they are all destroyed, either by themselves or by this world. As far as I know, I am the only vampire of my kind,” he looked into the fireplace a sad demeanor on his face.
Artirius looked at him with compassion, “It must be hard. Why did you never end your life? How have you lived without being killed?”
Alexi chuckled, “So many questions, we may never get to the events at hand. Answering the second question, by fitting in, and as for the first…” Alexi thought about what he said next. The words came out as though even he was skeptical of their validity, “My god would not permit it. I am a cleric, forced into this shell. So I live by what I believe is right and true. I do not have those powers anymore, but I use the ones I have now to serve the god I loved as a human and love still in this form.
Alexi looked at a barbarian who could not fully grasp what he was being told, though there was one last detail, “You see Artirius, the only way now I can hope to be cured is by a deity. I hope that through my actions I will be seen in good standing and perhaps cleansed. It would be nice to see my god, my forefathers, and be at peace. If I am to die a vampire, I go to the abyssal plane. I would spend the rest of eternity in horror and pain,” a tear rolled down his face, something that startled Artirius, “Now are there any other things I must clear up?”
Artirius looked at him, “If you are fitting in, as you said, how would that be favored by your god?”
Alexi smiled, “Luckily that leads us into the topic at hand, but first I need to ask you, do you trust me?”
Artirius let all the facts whirl about in his head. This was the second time that Alexi had asked him this question. Artirius thought over the recent events. No harm had come to him and he had been totally at the mercy of the vampire. The story Alexi had told him about his past would have been nearly too much to believe though the tear he shed seemed most convincing. If this vampire wanted to hurt him or learn some secret from him then he would have done so already. He did trust Alexi. “Though I have just met you, your actions thus far have been admirable and honorable. I have no reason not to trust you.”
Alexi smiled, “Good. To answer you simply, it allows me to kill them.”
Artirius was a little shocked. His expression must have shown it, because Alexi chuckled. “Now I believe I see what you mean.”
“Yes, barbarian, I continue the work I started as a cleric. I kill vampires, my own kind so to speak. I gain the confidence of a group, arrange a few deaths and move on. I only eliminate one or two a year, generally a significant master in order to create some chaos among their minions who fight over whatever territory was held. It is also why I find myself here, Artirius. You are lucky that I happened to be working here now. It seems that something major is happening in the vampire community.
Artirius had a growing interest. With the events that were unfolding before him, nothing seemed a coincidence. “I suppose it is time we were both out in the open then. I am sure you know the name Galmatros.”
Alexi smiled and nodded, “Yes I do.”
Artirius thought a moment then turned his gaze to Alexi, “In a sign of trust I will tell you everything I know and all that has befallen me from the time I left the great city Alastriel,” as quickly but thoroughly as possible Artirius retold his adventure: his discovery of his lineage, traveling to Deep Hollow and the battles that followed, the trek through the woods, and the inevitable conclusion in the town of Valtenberg, (though he made up portions here and there to protect the secret passages he travelled on.) “And here I am Alexi. Galmatros is clawing at this world and I know I am a part of the puzzle. Atriel calls me to his home, and I must get there,” Artirius searched his mind for anything he might have left out. Noting nothing he continued, “Now, I have revealed everything to you. What have you to reveal to me?”
Alexi was grave, “I knew most of what you have just told me. Galmatros most definitely wants you out of the picture Artirius. He has gone as far as to persuade the vampires to his cause. They are meeting in this very city, the masters debating amongst themselves what they should do. Galmatros is not technically the creator of our kind, but dwells with him and is equally powerful. I planned on using this meeting to my advantage. Some carefully timed assassinations would look like nothing more than political maneuverings or warnings. Enough could spark an all out war. To my great pleasure, Karloff is even here. He does not view me a threat so he pays me no heed. If only he knew my intentions.
“Now the tricky part is your arrival. It has stirred everyone even more. They know you are in the city, they know that you travelled with the dwarf, and they want you. Whether they take up Galmatros’s call or not, offering you to him would only improve their favor. If it were not for that, they would have already killed your friend Balic.”
Artirius was interested now, “Where is he?”
“Calm yourself, I am getting to that. I will not lie to you and say your friend has had the most pleasant time, but he lives. Under this city there is a catacomb of sorts. It is being used as a prison, for food and torture. Your friend is there. He has endured much and revealed nothing.”
Artirius nodded, “Then how are we going to get him out, how are we going to get out of this town?”
Alexi smirked, “You are perceptive. You knew I would have a plan. Well, simply put, we go and get him, and return here. There is a passage in one of the cells you passed that leads out of the city to the north, put in place by the builder of this place several centuries ago. From there you are on your own.”
“You make it sound so simple,” Artirius noted.
“Well it will be, for the most part. You will play the part of my captive.”
“Won’t I be noticed?”
“Not if I cover your head and bind your arms behind your back. You are large but not the only large man taken into that hole.”
Artirius took it in, “As long as it is loose enough for me to escape when needed. Do you know where he is being held once we get inside?”
“Luckily, yes. We should be able to get to him without being noticed, and, if we are cautious, get him out. We will have to disable the guards in his room, and, when we leave, the guards at the main entrance. There should only be two in each place. Even though they are here in force and have some key humans under their influence, the vampires are keeping a low profile. We should be able to subdue them without notice, then get back here.”
“If this fails we both die, correct.”
Alexi looked Artirius right in the eyes, “Yes. If this fails we both die, but I believe it can be done Artirius. You have given me your trust, I will not fail you,” Alexi looked aside, “On a similar note your belongings are being kept there. When we free your friend you will be reunited with your hammer.”
Knowing he had little choice but to follow Alexi’s plan Artirius nodded and accepted what must be done, “When do we leave?”
Alexi seemed pleased, “A little before dawn. If we grab Balic then, as Vampires are heading to their shelters, it will disrupt any messengers and aid in your escape,” Alexi eyed Artirius, “It is still a few hours away, and you look tired. You rest. I will wake you when the time comes.”
Artirius acknowledged Alexi. He was tired, and he feared he would not get to sleep again for some time. He slumped down in the chair by the fire and fell asleep quickly.


Chapter 19


It did not feel as though he had slept long when Alexi woke Artirius. He grabbed a small portion of food and ate quickly. He had dried blood on his body from the previous evening so it did appear as though there was at least a little struggle. Artirius’s arms were bound behind his back and a sack was put over his head.
“Good,” Alexi’s voice seemed overly jovial, “No one will be able to see your face. Let’s just wrap you up in this cloak, now slump over. Good, you don’t look anything like what they will be looking for. Now before we go I want to warn you. Things will not be pleasant where we are going. You will hear and see things that are unnatural to you. Do you understand?”
His voice was a bit muffled, but a clear “Yes” was heard.
“Alright then, let us hope all goes as planned.”
They began to walk. Artirius could not see where he was going so Alexi had to guide them as they went. He gave quiet instructions as they moved through doors and corridors. They soon found themselves on the street. If it were not for the vampires’ presence in the city, birds might have just begun chirping.
As they rounded a corner some voices could be heard ahead. Under his breath Alexi whispered to Artirius, “I apologize in advance.” Then Artirius felt a hard blow to the back as Alexi yelled, “You stupid mule! When I am done with you, you will remember your place.” A sinister snarl rolled off the end of the sentence. Chuckles could be heard from the group which had been talking. Alexi acknowledged them, “Brothers. It is impossible to get good help these days. It is hardly worth the risk of feeding on him. I might catch whatever addles his mind.”
Another round of snickers and pleasantries were passed and the two were on their way again. Once they were out of ear shot Alexi whispered apologetically, “I did not want them questioning us. Are you ok?”
Artirius nodded he was. The blow was strong, but his body could handle great amounts of abuse. It would not even bruise most likely. Other men may have felt their spine snap from the force of such a blow.
Alexi continued after being assured he had done no serious harm, “That is good. We are nearly there, and I do not believe we will have any more interruptions.
Two more turns and they came to the end of an alley. Artirius heard the gate swing open on rusty hinges. A waft of warm death rolled up at them from a passageway below.
“The stairway winds downward. At the bottom we will come to a hallway a few dozen feet long. The door to the catacombs is there. I may have to continue this ruse awhile longer. I may not have time to warn you either, but will take care not to harm you if I must strike you,” he paused. If he had the need to breathe his sigh might have gone unnoticed. “Are you ready?”
Quietly from beneath the hood came the response, “Yes. Let us go into the pit of death and retrieve my friend.”
With that they descended. The cool fall air outside was slowly engulfed by the repugnant warm air below. The smells of various forms of decay, and fresh blood were all around them. An odd dampness could be felt on the skin. Artirius could not see through his hood but the winding staircase was made of metal. The clank of their steps echoed both up into the alley and down below to the bottom of the stairs and into the corridor beyond. The entire passage was lit by torches of some sort, an occasional glow permeated Artirius’s hood, and a slight warmth came from them. 
As the echoes of their footsteps grew closer, faint moaning could be heard. Alexi placed his mouth near where Artirius’s ear was, “That is the sound of those being tortured. It will help mask our escape. It will be much louder when we get inside. We are nearly to the bottom of the stairs.”
A few seconds passed and they reached the paved stone floor. Alexi’s shoes made a pronounced clapping sound as he seemed to march forward with some authority. Playing his part Artirius stumbled along like one condemned. It took only a few paces to come to the entrance of the catacombs. Alexi greeted those guarding the door, “I managed to get here before dawn,” he had a very cordial tone, “Is there anywhere I can deal with this one?”
One of the vampires questioned Alexi, “He is a big one, where did you find him?”
Without missing a beat Alexi responded, “Quite a tale. I found this silly barbarian loaf wondering around drunk on a road in a town up north. He has his uses but his stubbornness gets him into trouble. I fear I will end up just killing him one day.”
There was a bit of a pause as the guards conversed. The same vampire responded, “Well, with the sun coming up you will most likely be staying. Grab one of the empty rooms, their doors will be open. Just try and clean up at least a bit for the next person,” the creak of an old wooded door was heard from in front of them, “In you go, oh and by the way, good luck with that one.”
Alexi responded politely, “Thank you, though I do not believe I will need it.”
Artirius and Alexi walked through the door and it closed with a slam behind them. The noise was much louder in here. It was most definitely a place of pain and suffering. The smells of decay were only more noticeable here. As Alexi guided him toward Balic’s cell, he was sure he stepped on a leg and was leaving behind a trail of blood as he walked. There was a squishing noise that was very unsettling. It took only two turns to arrive in the corridor they needed to be in. A few steps later and they found themselves at the door to Balic’s cell.
Alexi looked around to make sure there were no observers. He removed Artirius’s hood and removed the ropes that had bound him. In a hushed tone Alexi instructed Artirius, “I want you to put me through that door hard. On the other side are two fine interrogators working Balic over. The distraction will be to our benefit because they will come to my aid, and not expect any assault from me. You can do this, right?”
Artirius smiled slightly, he was not overly pleased he was bested in the tavern, and felt pay back was in order. “The question you should ask is, ‘Is the door ready?’”
Alexi’s smile was quickly removed from his face as Artirius sought to obliterate the heavy wooden door that was before them. The force of his charge on Alexi was intense. As their masses collided with the door it was as if nothing had even slowed the barbarian. The door was thrown several feet in front of them and Alexi lay sprawled. The dank and poorly lit cell was only 10 feet or so square. Before them Balic was shackled to a wall, dried blood and bruises evident. Artirius was unable to take in much more, because as promised by Alexi the interrogators were no longer interested in the dwarf, but had turned to the wrecking machine that had plowed over their door. Both moved with the unnatural speed that others would not have seen, but Artirius was not others, and he was prepared. As the first aimed a blow at his head Artirius ducked smoothly and raised his mighty fist into the vampires chin. An amazing force echoed through the room as the uppercut sent its target to the ceiling. The vampire fell to the floor, bricks and mortar coming with him. 
As the second attacker moved on Artirius, Alexi intervened swiftly and cruelly. He grabbed the interrogator from behind and used his force against him propelling him past Artirius and implanting him in a wall.
The vampires were immobilized due to the sheer ferocity they had endured. Artirius quickly moved to Balic’s side. The dwarf seemed unconscious, but was breathing. Alexi held their belongings on his back. With some care Artirius removed the shackles that held the bloody dwarf. He fell limply into Artirius’s arms. Gingerly he lifted Balic on his shoulder. A silent nod to Alexi signaled the time had come to run. With precise steps and movements they were able to avoid any attention on the way to the entrance. Artirius’s original assumption of stepping on a limb when he first entered the catacomb was confirmed as they passed a deceased man. 
At the door Artirius took his place to one side. Alexi knocked loudly. “Help, one of the prisoners has escaped!” he cried out.
An instant later the door flung open. The first guard was incapacitated by a solid blow from the barbarian. As his companion turned to aid him, Alexi dispatched the other. The race began again. The rescuers quickly scaled the stairs and exited through the squeaky metal gate. In the alley the sun was just barely beginning to show over the tops of buildings. There was no fear of vampires waiting to waylay them now. Without concealing their movements, Artirius and Alexi sprinted the entire way to Alexi’s abode. They encountered only a couple humans, who were a bit surprised at the runners, but raised no alarm.
With a heavy slam, the outer door to the estate was closed and locked. Artirius took a moment to regain his breath. Balic had encumbered him somewhat but not overly so. It was not long before Alexi and Artirius were discussing what was to come next.
“I believe you had best leave by noon at the latest. That will give you enough time to escape through the path below,” Alexi advised.
Artirius nodded in agreement and understanding. “It may also be a decent idea to try and feed Balic, it is hard to tell how long it has been since he has eaten. We can take some time to pack some food as well, to get us at least to the next town. New Rock is only a few days away.”
Alexi returned his own nod this time, “It is a wise decision. I have a few things in the kitchen area. Let’s take your friend to the dining hall and see what can be done.”
Artirius hoisted Balic again as Alexi led the way with their belongings. The entrance courtyard for Alexi’s home was not overly large. In the center was a skylight which at this early hour was not yet letting the rays of light fall upon the large oak tree which filled the center of the room. A simple enough stone walkway circled around it and lead to the interior door which Artirius had seen from the other side earlier that night. Alexi opened the door and turned to the left, heading for the dining hall. Artirius followed closely behind.
Once at the door, Alexi nudged it open and entered setting the bags on the floor near the door. Artirius managed to set Balic in one of the chairs at the table. As he was about to pour some water down the injured dwarf a sinister voice came from near the dwindling fire.
“How wonderful of you Johan, or was it Alexi you went by in these times?” Artirius and Alexi both turned to face the voice. From one of the large chairs a vampire stood and turned to face them.
“Karloff!” Alexi exclaimed in a hushed tone. Clear rage and anger began swelled on the generally calm face of Alexi.
“O do not be so angry young one,” came the heavily accented voice of Karloff. He was adorned in a black suit. A white frill proceeded out of his cuffs and around his color. As an undershirt he wore white also. His face was clean and smooth, cold as death. His black hair was shined and polished almost as much as his shoes. What made it obvious of his true nature though were his eyes. No matter what look was on his face the eyes held depths of horror. He was truly evil.
Karloff continued after a brief pause, “You know I must thank you, cleric,” he snickered slightly, “or should I say excommunicated, I do not know.” After giving Alexi time to grow angry and getting no response Karloff continued. “You see, all these years I was never sure if it was a wise move allowing you to live. I often went decades wondering. I would get in a terrible rage and just ravage and kill, only to remember that you would always be lesser than I. At that point I would just lose myself in pleasure. But no more of my prattling, it is obvious now that my decision was a good one.”
Alexi holding his anger at bay managed to retort, “What nonsense you speak. I have brought you no gift.”
“Ah, but you have. You see, unknown to you, I have kept tabs on you over the many years. I allowed your cute out lashings, as you killed hundreds of our kind. It amused me that you actually thought you were accomplishing something. And now, your meddling and attempts to undermine have landed me this excellent prize, Artirius.”
Alexi showed some surprise now. All the many years he had thought his actions had gone unnoticed. It shocked him to think all along Karloff still tormented him, still tore at what remained of his soul.
After another short pause Karloff continued, “You see from the time you entered this city and returned to your ancestral estate, built by your grandfather as I recall, I was watching you. I put the dwarf in the cell. I knew you would aid the barbarian in the inn. I even arranged for lighter guards in the catacombs and made sure the information got to you. What you intended to do after coming here is beyond me, but none the less those plans are at an end. Now I will personally deliver Artirius to Galmatros, and earn all the favor and glory,” a low laugh rolled out of the vampire. “So again Alexi, I owe you the deepest level of thanks. It pleases me to know I let you live.”
Artirius had kept himself quiet. Karloff had confirmed Alexi’s entire story. It was also evident that Galmatros desired Artirius’s death and that there was no limit to his reach. 
Alexi was no longer able to contain himself, “I am also glad you let me live. It allows me the opportunity to finish my work,” holding nothing back Alexi rushed forward and the fight began.
Karloff quickly brushed aside the attack, but did not have time to counter as Alexi rained down a flurry of other blows. The elder vampire waited patiently for his opening and with alarming speed he struck Alexi squarely in the chest. The blow did not topple him because of his unnatural balance, but still slid him hard into the dining table. Artirius rushed quickly to Balic’s side and acted to move him. He felt a solid force holding his left arm in place. Instinctively he turned and threw a powerful right elbow behind him and caught a surprised Karloff off guard. He was thrown across the room and into the solid stone wall.
Artirius ignored Alexi’s continued onslaught and rushed Balic to the small door which Alexi had pointed out as the kitchen. He shouldered it open quickly and found a safe place in front of the cook fire to lay him. Satisfied the room was secure the barbarian rushed back to Alexi’s aid.
As he entered the dining hall an amazing crash was heard as Alexi was slammed through the heavily constructed dining table. Splinters were strewn in all directions. Artirius raised his arm to shield himself from the debris. Karloff loomed over top Alexi, who seemed dazed from the mighty force he had endured. With evil intent in his eyes, Karloff turned to Artirius and, moving with lighting speed, cleared the room in an instant. Artirius narrowly avoided the blows that followed. Unlike his undead opponent, Artirius could tire. It was several grueling minutes of blocks, dodges, counters and retreats before Karloff was able to strike the barbarian. When the blow finally landed it gave Artirius an opportunity to counter as well. It was clear that Karloff was less fazed then Artirius, though Artirius still had much more fight in him.
The two moved towards each other again, just as Alexi was regaining his feet. Soon thereafter he joined the fray as well. It seemed that with a combined effort Artirius and his vampire companion were able to not only hold Karloff at bay, but push him back. They continued to land more and more blows on the older vampire. Gaining confidence they moved faster now. The stern Karloff smiled as they did. For in their fury they now also became more reckless and when the moment came, Karloff struck. Finding an opening in Alexi’s onslaught he landed a solid blow to the face which sent Alexi sprawling to the floor. Turning he landed a mighty punch to Artirius’s ribs. Cartilage crunched and snapped and a few bones were fractured but Artirius closed off the pain and kept his feet. He danced as well as his damaged body allowed, away from blows.
Karloff moved in straight for the barbarian. Artirius prepared for the attack but at the last second the vampire side stepped and in a single fluent motion grabbed a heavy dining chair and brought if down on top of Artirius catching him both on his head and his back. Blood sprayed out of his wounds as Artirius crashed to the floor.
With a sneer on his face, Karloff turned to inspect Alexi. He managed to turn just in time to meet a heavy fist. Karloff found himself hitting the wall yet again, but this time with enough force to crack it. A slightly dazed Karloff was able to raise a guard to intercept Alexi’s next blow, though not very effectively. Again and again Alexi pummeled Karloff, but somehow the elder vampire kept his feet. Blow by blow Karloff regained his confidence. Finally, Alexi threw a punch which Karloff intercepted. With a quick twist of Alexi’s wrist and a sharp head butt, the fight swayed back to his favor.
Alexi was unable to stop him. Karloff landed blow after blow forcing him back toward the center of the room. As he attempted one last feeble block, Karloff struck through it and Alexi crashed to the ground immobilized. Karloff took a brief moment to savor his victory smiling and maniacally laughing. He stooped down and found a solid stake of wood and clutched it in his hand. He looked down at the battered Alexi, whose eyes were slightly cracked open.
“Now, Alexi, I will finish the fight that started over three centuries ago. It was not even all that far from here. One last time I must thank you so much for your gift. Goodbye.” Karloff lifted his arm into the air. He threw his weight forward to strike, but he was stopped.
If Karloff had been sensitive to pain he would have felt a near searing heat on his arm. The grip which had stopped his arm from moving forward was tight as steel. As Karloff turned he saw Artirius. He saw as his body steamed and his eyes seemed to turn to a dark reddish golden color. He saw the wounds on his body stop bleeding all together. Artirius had allowed himself to fall into the barbarian’s rage.
“You wanted this great fight, not knowing what you sought. You think I am a gift, but I am not. Today you will be sent away from the world back to the abyssal planes, to the realm of scum, like you.”
Karloff struggled but was unable to break the grip of his captor. Artirius raised his great fist and struck Karloff squarely in the chest. The force was so incredible it was as if Karloff had been shot out of an enormous bow. He crashed into the fireplace which imploded on him.
Artirius paced slowly to the fireplace, stopping near the rubble. Suddenly a hand reached out from beneath and pulled hard on his leg. It slid forward a few inches. Like a sledge hammer Artirius’s great fist came down and crushed all the bones in the arm which protruded from the rock. Then with his great strength, Artirius reached into the heart of the collapse and from it pulled the severely battered Karloff.
Using his remaining arm, Karloff swung at Artirius. Artirius merely batted the blow away. Karloff swung again. This time Artirius caught the arm behind the swing and, looking directly into Karloff’s eyes, Artirius snapped it as if it were a twig. Fear was all that was left in Karloff. He trembled as Artirius heaved him into the wall. Karloff had been thrown so solidly his body had made an imprint before it fell to the ground. Artirius kicked him and, as if he were nothing more than a rag doll, Karloff flailed through the air landing in the middle of the room.
Alexi was just stumbling to his feet. Reaching down he grabbed the very stake which only moments ago had been meant for his own heart. He looked down at the mangled body of his arch nemesis. From over his shoulder Artirius spoke, his tone deep, powerful, and deadly calm.
“Before Alexi sends you on your way, I have a message for you to give to Galmatros, as I am sure you will be heading to the abyssal plane. Tell him if he wants me not to worry, because I am coming for him, and he will have me soon enough.”
Alexi catching his queue looked down at Karloff, “It looks like you lost,” then accurately and truly the stake was plunged into the elder vampire’s heart.
Karloff let out a blood curdling screech as his body crumbled away to ash with a burst of fire and smoke. The evil being was no more. Faintly in the distance many voices in pain could be heard crying out in the city. A master had died and his children mourned.
Alexi turned to Artirius to smile, but the look turned to shock as Artirius struggled to keep his balance and at last fell to his hands and knees. The vampire was immediately at his side, aiding him to one of the remaining chairs, “Are you all right Artirius?”
Slowly he nodded; much of the color had left his face. He choked out a request for some water, which Alexi fetched from the kitchen. Once his thirst was sated, Artirius spoke, “Amongst my people the rage is a common tool used in combat. You are heightened to a level far beyond what are regularly capable of in all aspects. For the rest of my people, this is only a limited increase. They are winded afterwards, but no more than a heavy run. Unlike them, I have no limit. The harder I push the more I seem to have to give. The problem is the cost. I seldom use the rage, because of it. As you can see I used more today than I should have. I nearly lost consciousness.”
Alexi had a solemn look on his face, but was relieved to realize Artirius was all right. “Rest now, I will arrange food and see to Balic. I will come to feed you in a little while. By noon, if you are able, you will need to leave. The sun is the only thing keeping his children at bay. They may even send mules, which I will be able to deny, but come nightfall, there will be no stopping them.”
Artirius gave a small tip of his chin, closed his eyes, and rested.
It was a few hours later when Artirius opened his eyes. He was very sore. He tested his side and was relieved the breaks were not serious. His cuts had scabbed over nicely and the rage had sealed any that may have been serious. All in all he was lucky, though even with his body’s naturally accelerated healing, his ribs would not be perfect for at least a week.
He now took time to view the room. It was chaotic at best. Everything was damaged and out of sorts. The fireplace lay in ruins, the animal head now only a lonely figure on the wall. Most of the wall opposite the entrance to the dining hall had been damaged. A crater still held the image of the now dead Karloff.
Alexi was nowhere to be seen, though this did not overly worry Artirius. Artirius tested his legs and stood. A moment of dizziness came and went. Then he was off to the kitchen. As he expected the vampire was waiting, and Balic was now conscious.
“Tis about time you join us,” the dwarf saved him no time, “we were wondering if you would ever stop being lazy so we could get on our way.” Balic’s body showed the wear of his torture, but his spirit was not damaged, that lightened Artirius’s heart. He chuckled.
“I am glad you still have your wit about you, I was worried you had gone daft getting captured by those vampires.”
Balic snorted, “Bah, the vermin caught me unawares while I slept. Then they thought to tickle me to death in that little bed chamber under the ground. Needless to say I feel rather rested and am ready to be on my way.”
Alexi nodded to Artirius and handed him some food, “Eat quickly. I will take you to the path shortly. Luckily no one has come to inquire about the happening here. I suspect they are collaborating between themselves via their mules. It is to our advantage for it slows them to action.”
Artirius acknowledged the information and quickly ate his food. A few moments later Balic and Artirius were both on their feet with their packs on their backs. Artirius once again carried his great hammer. Alexi ushered them down to the dungeon, and into a cell on their left. Moving a few stones about and turning a hidden crank revealed a passage cloaked in darkness.
“This is where we part, friends,” Alexi handed them each a torch, “This will take you several miles out of town. You will find yourselves in a secluded cavern. Follow the small natural stream and it will lead you to the entrance which has intentionally been left covered in brush. If you move quickly, by nightfall you should arrive at an abbey. You will be safe there until morning, and from there you can make your plans. Good luck.”
Artirius clasped and shook Alexi’s arm, “My thanks friend. Will you be fine here?”
“Of course, with a change of clothes and a surprising story of how the great barbarian ravaged my home and killed my guest Karloff as he tore off into the city with his dwarf friend, I will be able to sway them, I believe.”
Then with one last nod goodbye, the adventures turned to the darkness of the tunnel and began their trek anew.


Epilogue


Everything had been as Alexi had described. The tunnel was easy enough to navigate for Artirius and Balic. A few hours passed and they found themselves in the cavern. The waterway was easy enough to follow. It took them several minutes to traverse the heavy overgrowth at the mouth of the cavern, but, it served well to hide the place. Before them had been a small dale in the woods, the waterway curving westward, down to the coast.
They moved quickly and quietly through the woods, wishing that fall had not already begun to remove leaves from the trees, making their cover more sparse then they liked. A few hours passed before they found the abbey road. It was not heavily traveled, which relieved them. There would be no one to worry about spotting them.
As dusk set its hand on the day, the road in the woods crested at the top of a hill. Below them the wonderfully peaceful sight of the abbey came into view. Safety and sanctuary for the night. As if on cue the peaceful silence of the setting sun was interrupted by crashing in the woods from the direction they had come.
A heavily cloaked and hooded figure crashed into the road in front of them. Lifting his head and removing his hood Alexi revealed his face. It was marked with vicious burns.
Seeming out of breath the vampire looked at them with concern, “They know, and they are coming.”


###


About Chris Carr


Hello, I am Christopher Carr, and I hope you enjoyed meeting Artirius in my debut novel The Lone Wolf. I was not sure if I should take the time to talk about myself when I first decided to publish my work, but after consideration I felt it really should be done. If someone had given me the chance, and read this far, then they deserve to hear a little more about where this story came from.
I was born on March, 15th, 1988, and grew up in the Northeastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania region. I currently reside in Austintown, Ohio (Youngstown, Ohio if you are looking on a map). I have a darling wife, Brittany, and a wonderful son, Joshua. I come from a decent sized family, who spent lots of time together. When I was young, I found an interest in two things, telling/hearing good stories and the science fiction/fantasy genre. My childhood saw a boom in the electronic gaming market. I also grew up at a time when a wealth of fiction was easily at my desposal. I found myself immersed in fantasy and role playing games of all sorts. If I was not playing games, I was watching fantasy or science fiction on television, or reading it. 
By the time I was in middle school, I was writing. I still have some of those stories lying about. I dabbled a bit in most fiction, but really found fantasy to my liking. It just seems to offer a chance to step out of the norm, and think completely freely.
Now, to what got me writing about Artirius. One thing I had noticed about most fantasy, was that this character type, the barbarian, could be a bit cliché. They were not generally intelligent, but had a certain degree of wisdom. Most were nomadic and simply had something stumble upon them or were thrown into a peril of some sort. I wanted to create a slightly different barbarian, one that just did not fit the mold. One that realized early on he was different and from the beginning realized he wanted more, needed more.
So over the course of several years I wrote this story. At first I was not really sure if I wanted to publish it, but as time went on, kind of like Artirius, I decided to do things a little different, to go beyond what I thought I might do and dream a little. Again, I hope you enjoyed reading this story, as much as I did writing it. In the end, this work is about entertaining people with a good fantasy story. If you did enjoy this story, its sequel Homecoming, is currently in the works.

Thank You,

Christopher L Carr Jr.

Connect

To stay up to date and connected with me, check out my facebook novel page C L Carr Novels.
